user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,308270,12747721,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Rataphract,"Torn about how to review this. Ultimately, since there's a lot of fair very positive comment, I decided to come down on the negative side.Having beaten all three campaigns, I have to admit, this game feels less like a management simulation and morel ike a puzzle game, to me. It becomes less about how to achieve a given space program, or set of them, and more about puzzling out the exact order of programs and rockets to research in what order in order to meet funding reviews and other goal deadlines.While that can be neat, and there's more flexibility in lower difficulty settings, I don't feel like I got the game I was hoping to when I bought it. I was imagining something with a little more freedom to it, rather than a set script that needs to be refined and tweaked to improve things with each playthrough.When things start going wrong, it's possible to get put into a death spiral with no hope of recovery, and without the player being aware of this. One bad round of funding reviews can lose you the game four hours later, and that's a gameplay mechanic I really don't enjoy. The interface - though I did learn my way around it - is inflexible and hard to navigate, with tasks like checking on a program's research requirements potentially taking up to a half-dozen clicks from one research item (space suits, say) to the next (figuring out which rocket will go with that). It's not easy to check which rockets go with which missions - again, lots of clicking - and, in general, this is a game that's hard to break the ice with.The mission screen playthrough, showing each mission as it launches, goes through the motions, etcetera, is well put together, but failures don't have special animations, and there's literally nothing to do except watch what may ultimately be a very long and boring cut-scene.The underlying mechanics are good, the basic concept of gameplay is good, the execution is very, very spotty.I enjoyed my time with it, but I don't think I'll be playing it ever again after binging on it this weekend."
,Recommended,308270,12707858,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,blizz017,"Very much a modernized version of Buzz Aldrin's Race into Space (The DOS game, not the board game that inspired it); with a few slight twists to the formula, such as that you assign mission controllers in addition to astronauts to missions; which may affect the performance of the mission. Research is also setup in that you hire individual scientists with stats and assign them to different projects which will affect how fast R&D is completed on those projects. Buildings are upgradable as well, but in my limited playtime thus far it seems to only affect how many personnel you can hire and how many programs you can run at a time.All in all, this game will feel very familiar to BARIS players, but there are enough differences to make it feel like a ""new"" game; especially since there's a third Space Agency.If you liked BARIS, this is probably worth a shot at the right price point (How much would you pay for BARIS with updated graphics?).If you like KSP and want a break from manually piloting and just want to run a Space Agency; this is worth a shot.If you're on the fence, go find a copy of BARIS and play that and if you end up asking yourself if you'd want a slightly more modern version. Buy this."
,Not Recommended,308270,12797546,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Gyrfalcon255,"I tried to like this game. Heck, it's subject matter I really enjoy and I like the idea of managing my own space program. Especially when I can have my own alt-universe Space Program where we land on the moon with a Gemini capsule.The underpinnings of the game are very good. I like the way the programs and the goals work together - as you reach milestones, certain things get easier.  Your scientists have a variety of skills, and you can either work with the folks who are bright and raw, or perhaps make use of a science team that won't accept training readily but can give you good returns now. Funding based on the prestige of your program is also quite nice. The weakest part is the opposition AI, which is not very strong. I very much felt like I was playing against a set of escalating milestones instead of an actual opponent of any sort (though admittedly, there's little visibility in to what the opposing AI is doing on its turn).The biggest problem though, is that this game's interface is terrible. I found myself never wanting to have more programs open than I absolutely had to. Juggling my scientists and what they were working on was extremely frustrating, and keeping track of what programs still had goals left to achieve was not easy. At the end of the day, I finished the NASA campaign and it was so clunky I had no desire left to try the Soviet one. The assists they provided were OK - you could filter and resort your list of scientists, but there was no good way to side-by-side compare your list of all your scientists with all the possible research they could be doing. It was a lot of manual slot-by-slot optimization of my science team, which was really tedious.Bottom line, the interface is not up to snuff for a management game which is a damn shame. The game was fun: I felt like I was making progress with every milestone I reached, and the game forces  you to make decisions when you're close to your prestige review: do you launch a risky mission and maybe get more funding, or hold off because you don't want to risk a disasterous funding cut? It's a tough sell at $20, and a straight up no at full price."
76561197988088755,Recommended,308270,19117741,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Zardoz,"Very good game. Very immersive, and we learn a lot about the space programs up to moon landing.My only regret, that is stops at moon landing. I wanted to go on with space stations, space shuttles, landing on mars, and why not send an Orion type ship to the distant stars.I also wish it would be possible to have one big game, that starts with either USA or USSR, then much later in the game  to be able to ally to Europe or join an international space agency, and not have a choice of an international agency from the begining or to have to stick with USA or USSR up to the end, wich is not realistic anyway. It should be possible to play the game in an historical way, or choose hypothetical science fictions option, but it should  still be possible to play it in an historical more or less accurate way to make it more realistic and immersive.The game is also for immersive reason lacking the country events video scenes like there is in movies about that matter, with crowds, presidents and stuff like that.The game could also be more complex, with for example taking into account the building of the vehicules, and not have an ""instant vehicule build"".So I recommend it, especially on sale, but I wish there would be a new version with much more, and if done well I would hopefully buy the new version."
76561198091536880,Not Recommended,308270,12759587,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Fighter_34RUS,"Русская версия обзора ниже.I loved BARIS - that's why I bought BASPM. If you loved BARIS too - don't repeat my mistake.The game, at first glance looks attractive, but is proving to be uncompleted. Compared with the original has many new features - Mission Control Center crew, design engineers, beautiful cartoon-like illustrations (although I would prefer cinematics, as in the original) and a detailed mission plan. In fact - all this does not work or does not work as it should. Much point-and-click work with staff's skills, mission plans can't be changed, it is decorative element, and pictures are not so many and they are become boring soon. AI is inadequate and artificially amplified. For example, AI successfully launches manned Moon-transiting mission, though never launched man into orbit. The best part of BARIS - mission tracking - becomes hopelessly flawed. If in the original, when a malfunction occurs, was a chance for the partial success of the mission, and sometimes even we were given a choice - in BASPM everything is ""grown-up"". Broken toilet? The astronauts died! You have all modules and the staff rated the reliability of 95%+? You're a loser, mission failure, all died. Are you serious? Developers, play the original, and correct this ""creation""! I am ashamed that this game named in honour of Buzz Aldrin.Я любил BARIS - именно поэтому я купил BASPM. Если вам тоже нравился BARIS - не повторяйте мою ошибку.Игра, на первый взгляд выглядит притягательно, но на поверку оказывается что она не доделана. По сравнению с оригиналом ввели много нового - наземную команду поддержики, инженеров-конструкторов, красивые рисованные картинки (хотя я бы предпочел видеовставки, как в оригинале) и подробный план миссий. На деле - всё это не работает, или работает не так как надо. С персоналом добавилось много тыканья-прокачки умений, план миссий изменять нельзя, он исключительно для антуража, а картинок мало и они быстро приедаются. АИ неадекватен и искуственно усиляется. Например, успешно запускает пролетную пилотируемую миссию к Луне, хотя так и не запустил человека на орбиту.  Самая главная изюминка BARIS - отслеживание миссии - безнадежно испорчена. Если в оригинале при каких-либо неполадках оставался шанс на частичное выполнение миссии, и, иногда нам даже давали выбор - тут всё ""по-взрослому"". Сломался сортир? Космонавты погибли! У тебя все модули и персонал с рейтингом надежности 95%+? Обломись, провал миссии и все погибли. Вы серьезно? Разработчики, поиграйте оригинал и исправьте свое ""творение""! Мне стыдно, что на этой поделке стоит имя Базза Олдрина."
,Recommended,308270,12710234,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Hudson633,"This is a fun and gripping way to get to know more about space exploration. The music and visuals are good, the menus are intuitive, and the learning curve is eased by hints. It took me about half an hour to understand what I was doing fully and connect it all together.The management systems feel familiar, having played games like Theme Hospital and Sim City. You can balance things in dynamic ways, rushing programs and taking risks, hiring talent and spreading it around, or focusing on one safe project.This isn't so much about the gameplay, as a lot of my interest is in getting to know real space missions in an interactive way. It's engaging to develop the projects over several turns, and to watch the visuals as you see if the mission is a success or failure at each stage it goes through.ːbronzestarːːbronzestarːːbronzestarːːbronzestarːːbronzestarː"
,Recommended,308270,19819702,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,tcelvis,"Pros:- Unique game play- Realistic space racing smell of the cold war era- Very historically aligened with certain reasonable hypothetical missions.- Lots of management but no tedious micromanagement- Nice looking UI- Well balanced diffculty levels- Devs keep improving the game even after one year of its releaseCons:- Some details like salary management could use polishing- Learning curve can be a bit steep (because space projects do have so many aspect to understand before you can manage one even in a simulation game.)This is a one of its kind gem of SIM/Management genre.  The game play is exactly as described in the title - Space Program Management.  You do not fly any space craft manually, nor do you get your hands on any parts to assemble one.  What you do is management - draw the roadmap of space race for your country (US/USSR), recruit the most talented people of the era, set up goals and projects and beat your opponent to moon.My favorite part of the game is how it successfully captures the tension you would feel in that position.  Each turn (season) you will get reports on the missions (read: progress) your oppenent carried out in alerting red background.  Those reports sometimes really make me nervous as beating opponent to certain key milestones can be crucial to my roadmap and the success of the whole program.  Another good part is the uncertainty of space missions.  However well you prepared, your mission could still blow up right in your face in the very beginning of launching stage.  Not to mention you can't afford to get nearly well prepared in the tension of the race a lot of the times.9.5/10  would be 10/10 once those tiny little things got polished."
,Recommended,308270,12713683,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ThrownIntoSol,"A Simulation game where you manage a space-program (either American, Russian, or a utopian ""Global"")I should mention I have not played that much, so this review is mostly of first impressions.You start by selecting projects, choosing the best staff to work on said projects, building and upgrading buildings, choosing components (such as which rockets to use), hiring staff, balancing the budget, fighting for prestige (and hoping not to lose any for unsuccessful operations), deciding when to launch (too early and disasters will happen, too late and you risk losing the game for failing goals). Once a project is successful you must choose how to expand on your successes. I actually felt invested when my first satellite was launched, and elated when it was fully successful.PROS-Excellent in-game music, lovely graphics and art-style that work wih this type of game, in-game ""Buzz-pedia"" that provides infomation on everything, both campaigns and sandbox modes are available for three programs. Resolutions can be chosen, and it has windowed mode (A personal box to tick). Also a multiplayer option is available (which I can't comment on as I have no friends who play this game).CONS- The small amount of in-game options, a lack of tooltips, and a lack of a proper in-game tutorial, I would also like the ability to name your saves. I must mention that the game manual remedies the tooltip and tutorial problems, but I would prefer in-game versions of this.END RESULT- I like it, and I am not regretting that I bought it."
,Recommended,308270,12718837,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,EvaUnit02,"Very much a successor to Buzz Aldrin's Race Into Space, this is a space program management simulator in which you can advanced from the very beginning of the space age to the future of manned space flight.You can manage either the Soviets, NASA, or a mix of the two named the GSA. You'll build and upgrade facilities as well as manage the hiring of scientists, engineers, technicians, controllers, and astronauts. You'll train your team, you'll research technology, and you'll launch missions.Launching a mission is simple enough. People have training ratings and equipment have safety ratings. The higher these ratings, the higher the probability of your mission going off without a hitch. Of course, the more you research and train, the more money you're spending, the more time you're losing, and the closer you are to failing your PR objectives.Still, that may be perfectly okay if you've already established yourself as a heralded space program. Or you might just want to research that rocket tech just a bit more while not worrying about the payload because hey, it's good enough and you can better spend your money elsewhere. Of course, that might increase the odds of a mission malfunction...but this is a space race!Missions play out as a series of animatics and feel a bit like watching a launch on television. It's rather excited to hit the play button and watch how well (or poorly) the mission you had been planning for years finally turns out. The more successful missions you achieve, the more proficient your agency becomes with that equipment and the more you learn about the solar system which enables you to plan more ambitious missions.Missions take you anywhere from 100km in to the air all the way to Saturn and even the Sun. It's incredibly satisfying to manage salaries, morale, missions, facilities, public relations, and even the occasional loss of an employee to the private sector all toward the goal of expanding man's knowledge of space. Great game."
76561197961755930,Recommended,308270,12768904,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,OneEyed Bob,"This game makes me understand the limitations of either thumbs up or down, yes/no, black/white.This games is gray.While definitely a successor to BARIS, in some ways it feels incomplete. Most glaring, no details of failure modes, and it appears any failure results in total mission failure. BARIS you could have partial successes and failures. Apparently failure details are being addressed in a future patch, but it is unclear to me if partials are in.At first I was somewhat taken aback by the art direction/style. A lot of it is good, but launches (and explosive failures, animations/scenes for which are for the most part absent) should be loud, spectacular events. Many of the launch animations do not evoke this ( 3, 2, 1... fire?, it literally sounds like a question).Watching the launches made me want to play Kerbal Space Program, but overall I did enjoy the time (40 hours) I've spent so far with the game, and will likely get a few more hours out of it checking out the GSA (I've done NASA & Soviet campaigns). As a result, despite some glaring flaws, I have to give it a thumbs up, but a very small one."
76561197972052333,Recommended,308270,32607248,Posted: 20 June,all,Ph4nt0m,Great game! Not for everyone but really reminds me of Buzz Aldrin's Race Into Space that I had on floppy disks when I was a kid.
76561198014533670,Recommended,308270,32076067,Posted: 30 May,all,Daemone Isos,"This is a fun and charming game about the race into space.  The equipment is all historical, and the race between the US and USSR is compelling, on both sides.  Replayability comes from having completely different hardware between the two nations, plus multiple pathways forward as you plan your missions and milestones on the road to prestige (and funding!)  Even the low-budget graphics match the style of the day, which I found nostalgic.  There are a couple of detailed guides on steam for when you are ready to kick up the difficulty and maximize your efficiency on the path to the moon.I think it is great for kids, with two qualifications.  The first is that astronauts will die: the RNG is merciless.  This will not be fun.  So start out on the normal difficulty, and take yout time building up equipment reliability, rather than racing the clock the first time out.  Secondly, there is a strong spreadsheet element to the game: each mission has percentage chances of success based on equipment and skills that are also rated by percentage.  This is a little bare, since each turn boils down to a handful of numbers.  Not bad, just not terribly engaging.I would honestly like to see the game extended to programs past the 70s; the fundamental structure would still work.  And the game engine isn't demanding, so I could see this as an indy-level goal.Good luck!"
76561198002962781,Recommended,308270,12803501,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Palarran,"This isn't a game for everyone, but it certainly is the one for me.In Buzz Aldrin's Space Program Manager, the player takes on the role of the administration of a space agency.  Either NASA or the Soviet Space Agency, usually in competition with each other, or a fictional conglomeration of the two as the Global Space Agency (GSA).  The goal, of course, is to land on the moon before your competitor, if playing NASA or as the Soviets--if you're playing as the GSA the goal is simply to land on the moon by the end of 1973.  Playing as the GSA replaces interagency competition with short term objectives set by political higher-ups, with give a small boost if achieved, but a moderate penalty if ignored.  If a sandbox is desired with no pressure or competition, that is available too for all three agencies.The player will hire and train scientists, astronauts, and mission controllers, choose with missions to run and which rocket boosters to use, and decide which of your personnel to use where on the various research projects and missions.  Calculated risk is the name of the game, as sometimes the player will need to use a less than perfect design in the hopes that it will work.  Often this fails, and sometimes that means people died.  But all must press on to the goal, which is the moon.This game is dry.  Let me say that again:  This game isdry.  The player is a bean counter; if that doesn’t appeal to you, this is not your game.  The player doesn’t fly the missions, rather they are simulated for you.  The analogy I would use is that this game is to Kerbal Space Program as Football Manager is to FIFA.  The graphics aren’t flashy and the history isn’t 100% accurate (the game call’s the American player the NASA Administrator when the game begins in 1955, but NASA wasn’t formed until 1958, for example).  But this is the only game in town if you want to seriously manage a space program.  Very highly recommended for the right type of gamer who is interested in the subject matter.  Very strongly recommended against for everyone else.Edit to add:  People's criticism of the interface is legtimate, as it is obtuse.  But once figured out, it is workable enough.  The devs have indicated that they are adding tooltips with the first post-release patch, which should help a lot.Edit2: The first patch did improve the interface quite a bit.  While it still isn't intuitive, it should be much easier for new players to effectively make good decisions about how to run their space program.Edit3 (much delayed): Most of the interface issues have been addressed, so the game is much easier to navigate.  Support has pretty much ended, so the game is in its final state.  My reccomendation still stands:  It's still installed on my computer, and I'll occasionally fire it up and run some missions."
,Not Recommended,308270,21743288,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Valericson,"Gameplay step back from 1992Can't estimate this game well having months of life behind spent on original Buzz Aldrin's Race Into Space. It could be my subjective niggle but it just does not feel right and here is my remarks why.Lack in transparency of causes of the failureMost of the time you just get *Catastrophic failure*, *Crew perished* with no explanation whatsoever. Violent explosion? Did escape system fire or something got wrong after separation from the faulty rocket? You are left confused with no food for thought.There are a new game mechanincs with affection to mission reliability from flight control crew skill levels and it should be part of interesting complicated gameplay. But when your crew *perishes* on lunar insertion burn, you just need to know if it was an explosion onboard, or those dumn f*cks on Earth failed plotting course and smashed your crew into the Moon. Because in the event of ignition failure ship is still on the free return trajectory to home, so you are forced to suspect game in cheating and developers in laziness on every corner.Lack of flexibility in mission planningEven though game guides you to learn history, you are forced in the bad way to repeat existed schemes. I felt myself constrained with 7K-L1 orbiting only with single launch having no opportunity for EOR/LOR joint launch. Instead we now have tons of rockets in historical configurations which have human-rated restrictions. Engineers are requiered to learn separate skill to develop piloted rockets *sick* !Your escape system is still not working, just give me launch whatever I want already!Another word to probe programs. For example, game offers you to develop historically existed programs in NOT historically chronological order. It's obvious flyby is simplier than orbiting or landing, and it's okay that game mechanics expects you to do each step before more complex task. But launching Venera-15 orbiter before Venera-7 lander and Venera-10 after Venera-11 later is a mess. Just give player to develop his own sequentially numbered probe missions as in the original game instead of confusing him with educational bias.Wandering in gorge of menus while trying to manage programs doesn't help either. You are not allowed to freely plot a combined task for flight, instead you are expected to choose from limited existing flight configurations. For example convenient filter from the original game allowed to launch joint docking+duration+spacewalk+whateveryouwant configuration back in '92.Lack in the designI can understand that burden of the copyright doesn't allow to put real names or photos of envolved people in personell info, but why do I need to know that Alexsandr Popov is black random guy anyway? 95% of faces presented in game is nothing you expect to see as an employee of NASA or especially soviet space program back in the sixties. I don't feel heat of the space race staring in those faces, I see imprint of nowaday multiculturalism misconceptions and it totally ruines zeitgeist.Artworks for game are done in really great details, but you don't expect to find game full of poorly animated slideshows in product for such cost. Graphics is no matter for the gameplay anyway, but inability to squander of flat and monotone sketches through the mission makes you sad in memories of good-old-fashioned poorly digitized chronicle videos you believed in BARIS.Also confused with tiger teams mechanics. What are they? When something goes wrong you have an option to gather help team for some ridiculous ammount of budget compared to whole launch itself.I understand how it works in the real life with brainstorming onboard issues while inflight, but it just looks out of place. Success of flight is greatly depends on MCC, but money can't buy you a life of the man left in space.Again, all those thingies in the game like a solar system and other confusing menus looks nice, but have nothing to do with comfortable gameplay even compare to imperfect old original game.No mention of the dead multiplayer.SummaryI can't find things BASPM done right compare to BARIS except for Ivan Ivanovich. And it's unlikely anything changes in the near future.Better go play oldie hotseat with your friends.3 Buzzes out of 10"
76561198006836070,Recommended,308270,12943143,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Mongoose McMoose,"This game is excellent - as a remake of an early 1990's game, it captures the feel of difficulty and consequences that were the hallmarks of so many games from that time period. Playing campaigns on Hard, I've been beaten every single time by the competent AI - some because I was too aggressive in my actions, and some because I wasn't aggressive enough.Killing astronauts isn't something you're going to get away with in this game. A single poorly planned mission can cripple your agency and destroy your chances of getting to the moon before your opponent. That said, when a gamble pays off and you secure a enough prestige on the last turn of a phase, and secure a much larger budget for your next phase, it's very rewarding.This isn't the best looking game, as others have pointed out, but you don't buy a management simulation for graphics. If long-term and short-term planning, with a healthy mix of personnel and budget balancing is your kind of thing, you're probably not going to find one much more fun (or educational!) than Space Program Manager."
76561198022296391,Not Recommended,308270,12715491,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,MacAttack,"Ummm. Wait.  I have to tell you if I knew this was a Matrix published game....well I would've hesitated.  You see all the cool screenshots with spaceships in them, they are just that...artwork.  The UI, is basic and the game is very very elementary.  The history is there, the detail in the history is just not there.  It's all dumbed down.  And don't be fooled by the space center screen shot, this isn't any kind of builder.  And you really don't design anything.  You just pick your research and pick your crews from a list, the ones with the highest ratings in this and that.....and then missions, that's it.  I will give this a 6/10 just because I think it would be good for a younger audience.  But I have to say no for the serious minded gamer/strategist."
,Recommended,308270,12712568,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,freakishsteak,"Great game, I really enjoyed it. It was like KSP but the managerial side. The beginning is alittle rough because there really isnt a tutorial but once you figure out how the game works its really fun. 10/10"
76561198037176699,Recommended,308270,12719764,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,hokies91355,"I have been watching this game in development since it got announced by Slitherine.  At the time, I said no way would I buy it because it was simply BARIS repackaged to to run on Windows 7/8.  But I broke down during the sale and bought it.  And it is pretty much just BARIS 2.0 but I can't stop playing it.  I forgot how difficult BARIS is.  Even with a 96% reliable X-15, I ended up killing the astronaut due to a mishap.For those who have not played the original game, this is basically a boardgame where the computer takes care of the bookkeeping for you.  You hire engineers, flight controllers, and astronauts and then build rockets, probes, and manned vehicles.  But the action is just assigning your people to perform tasks.  There is not the build and pilot aspect of a game like KSP.After 1 day and 1 night, I've already got my money's worth out of it and I haven't even had a successful Mercury program launch."
76561197966190190,Recommended,308270,12715226,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,thxboy,"I LOVED the original, and have been awaiting this launch. *No pun intended* I was ready to hate this version because I assumed that it would just take the name, remind us what it was like playing the original...then turn it into a FPS with aliens on mars. But I can say that they did the original justice. It's glorious. If you played the original back in the 90's , YOUR'E GOING TO LOVE THIS. Just like the first, its not a game for everyone, so if you like sparkles and pew-pew and over the top effects.... go play EVE, but if you enjoy a space center management sim, this is the one. Learning curve takes a bit for most who play for the first time, but once you get the ""Ah-ha!"" moment and understand how to run things well, it's very rewarding. Buy this, and recomend it to your ""smart"" friend-base. **Note, if you like the astrophysics side of space sims, check out Kerbal Sapce Program."
76561198050611913,Recommended,308270,16110239,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,biteyoass1979,"PRO:  This game is a breath of fresh air to those interested in a game based on the history of space technology.  Particularly interesting is how this shows both sides of the space race during the cold war.CON:  Space projects such as:  The american space shuttle program, Skylab, Salyut space stations, MIR, Buran, and those from the ESA--are not included."
76561198041205406,Recommended,308270,19048850,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Dutch Captain,"It is a good game but there is no improvement, After you done everything, you cant develop new stuff. for example a moonbase or a marsbase"
76561198062440797,Recommended,308270,23660172,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,meraco,"I like it. the game plays very much like the old race into space version back in the day.Although I do appreciate the sandbox feature in this iteration. A more relaxed pace with a fresh new look.Since I started playing I have been watching movies that inspire. Such as Apollo 13, Space cowboys, etc...Not for everyone, but many of the old BARIS guys will love it."
,Recommended,308270,12734911,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Jan,"UPDATE: looks like the main issue (black screens) has something to do with screen resolution (as mentioned on the forum by the developer); using another screen resolution fixes the problem.As it is a fun game, I changed my review to recommend it (original review below). However, there's still a lot of room for improvement!To list a few:- Either use photos for personnel or not. Not for just 1 in every 50- Some extra audio (e.g. moon landing, or succesful return) would be nice- In-mission interactivity is missing: when a problem occurs you could e.g. add a ""abort mission (x% success estimate)"" button- Every button, every label should have a mouse-over explaining it; what is the role of each ground crew member? Which sorting buttons is which?- Some screens that could use a filter don't have it- After completing the campaign, you should be able to switch over to sandbox mode- The back button (on the left) doesn't go back to the previous screen: confusing- You should be able to see more info about missions before paying to unlock it, e.g. which rocket is required- Opening a mission should bring you to the next unachieved flight, not to the first- Each mission page should clearly show whether it was successfully achieved or not (this is correctly done in the overview list)- As mentioned below: there's content missing in the mission description screens (and elsewhere)- During the mission, you should be able to (fast)forward, skipping 1 or multiple steps- After a mission you didn't follow from the MC, you should be able to replay it from the MC; heck, you should be able to replay any mission (and with replay I mean review; I'm not expecting a different outcome ;)---------------ORIGINAL REVIEW:Far too many bugs in this game to recommend it at this time.Most important one: unable to launch missions (the whole point of the game), resulting in black screens*There's content missing (just empty windows where mission info should be).Clicking on a button brings you to the window of the button next to it.* I've played the game for 7 hours yesterday and it basically worked well, but today I haven't been able to get past the first mission.. Very frustrating."
,Recommended,308270,12725290,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Dark_X2,"Buzz Aldrin's Space Program Manager puts you in charge of an organization like NASA. You manage the organization, that means you decided which scientists and astronauts to hire and deciding what kind of space program you want to push.You are not building the rockets yourself like you would to in Kerbal Space Program or other games - this is focused on being played as a manager.The game has a campaign mode and a sandbox mode. In each you can choose between three organisations, the NASA, it's sowjet counterpart and an utopyan organsation that is a joint venture between both. The campaign mode is won when you successfully bring a man to the moon and return him to earth. When you play the real organisation in campaign mode you race against the other organisation to become the first one to do so.Sandbox mode allows for some more things, but I have not yet played it.A typical game will see you hiring staff and starting the space program basicly from scratch - building satellites like Sputnik at first, later sending drones to other planets and sending the first man into space. Depending on the success of your missions you will gain support or lose it - improving or hurting your budget. I am playing currently on the lowest of three difficulties - I guess in the higher ones you will have real problems with achieving anything with a tight budget.Before you start a mission you will spend time to research your space material. The longer you work on it the better it will get. You could start a sputnik mission with just a 20% chance of success very early - or let your scientists work a year longer so the hardware gets better. That time should be used to train your ground team so you have a much better chance of succedding.The game is great fun if you are interested in space exploration and/or managment simulations. I recommend to put it on your wishlist."
76561198032127116,Recommended,308270,13078783,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,DarthVishis,"I am enjoying this game, and continue to play it. I did think it was a tad expensive, and  based on the screenshots it looked rather plain. However, the graphics in game are actually rather clean and capture the mood very well.The interface leaves a LOT to be desired, and you can wade through several screens to find the obscure piece of data you need to base your decisions on, but underneath that the game is actually quite intriguing, and justifies several play throughs from either the US or Soviet view point.I look forward to hopefully some streamlining of the interface and possibly some expansions to increase the range and span of the programs available. The game in its current format focusses on the race to the moon, and in sandbox mode some of the 1970s missions. It could do with the inclusion of programs like the space shuttle, comet intercepts, the commercialisation of space by telecommunications, earth surveys, weather satellites, etc, and inclusion of more research driven programs like the ISS, or even dare I say it, comet intercepts, surveillance satellites, and even into the future with establishment of bases on the moon or Mars.The premise is fantastic though, with real programs and missions being modelled. great from an educational and historic purpose."
76561198015437718,Recommended,308270,16932843,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Blackwulf,"If you liked Buzz Aldrin's Race Into Space, you'll like this one. It's a worthy successor."
76561197968743251,Recommended,308270,25172841,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Tract Gildart,"Neat and fun, but not very replayable. Once you win once you're pretty much done. Get it when it's super on sale and have fun for half a day."
76561198082947467,Recommended,308270,24745942,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,AlphaGrisby,"Good game that transcribes well the technology race between USA and USSR. The atmosphere is excellent, I learned a lot of things about space programs... But the game is too short for $30. Buy it when it's sales."
76561198140271302,Recommended,308270,25096518,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Quickflash123,"Good game if you like space history and managing space programs. A bit too short for $30/£23, so wait until sale."
76561198043265782,Recommended,308270,21508924,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,That Handsome Man,"I don't review many games, although there are several that I really do enjoy playing.  This Buzz Aldrin Space Program Manager (BASPM for future reference in this post) is a very addicting game to play.BASPM is not anywhere near as interactive as Kerbal Space Program, so keep that in mind; and the grapics are 2D images of 3D renderings without animation (Just X,Y translation through the frame), however it is an extremely good and rewarding strategy/management game to play.BASPM combines a sandbox in one aspect with the cold war space race (you may pick the CCCP or the USA) and rewrite history.  Also, with the GSA side, it allows for future ideas and designs so as it isn't limited to just the cold war.Although I haven't tried the multiplayer, it seems that BASPM could be as interesting as a 4K strategy game with a strong focus on managing finances, people, each program in general, as well as extras such as EVA and docking (and things of that nature that generally don't appear on the flight plan that I have found).All in all, BASPM is a very enjoyable game especailly if you're a fan of the space program.  If you're a space history buff, I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,308270,27710761,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CAESAR,"This game displays a level of historical and scientific accuracy that is unmatched by most space games that attempt a realism aesthetic. However, if you are not a hardcore space junkie, you may not enjoy this the same way that Scott Manley may."
76561198142482886,Recommended,308270,17717093,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,marja-e,"I definitely enjoy this game. It is a challenging simulation of the historical space race, through Apollo 11, and of a possible joint space program. I do wonder about the weight figures for the direct ascent configurations. I would have liked to see some of the alternative Apollo options, a choice to use the 3-person Soyuz with Saturn for a joint mission, althought only the 2-person version was light enough for the N1 for a purely Soviet mission. It requires a lot of careful planning, and figuring when you'll need to upgrade certain facilities to start certain programs. It does not require fiddly coordination, though."
76561197971329134,Not Recommended,308270,12757931,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,mnementh9999,"When I was a kid, I loved the DOS game Buzz Aldrin's Race Into Space.  Today, I saw Buzz Aldrin's Space Program Manager, and was very excited.  I bought it, thinking it would be an updated version of BARIS, and to a certain point it is.  The gameplay is pretty much the same as the original game, but the disapointment is the graphics.  I wasn't expecting Apollo 13 movie level visuals, but I was also not expecting graphics of this low a level.  Animations are minimal, with a static rocket (complete with non moving exhaust) moving across the screen.  The visuals are done in the style of a motion comic.  I suppose if you like that sort of thing, it would be okay, but I personally would have hoped for something more visually appealing.  The music, while very repetitive, is well done.The main problem with the game is in the details, or lack of them.  When a problem with a mission occurs, you are not shown what the problem is, only the odds of your people being able to fix it.  If they are not successful, details on why a particular mission failed are non-existent, showing only what step in the mission the failure occured at.   On the whole, I could have forgiven the graphics as a design choice, but the lack of details on mission outcomes and progress really had me wishing they'd put more thought into it."
,Recommended,308270,12741710,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Delphaeus,"With only a few hours of time played, this appears to be a very good game with plenty of content.Briefly, you are either in charge of a space program, and are given a quarterly government budget to spend. At the end of a pre-set period the government reviews your progress (how much ""prestige"" you have gained) and then assigns you an increased budget for the next pre-set period of time. You gain prestige mainly by successfully completing missions. Each major mission is divided into a number of smaller components; such as a space shuttle mission - firstly doing a launch and landing without going into space; then launching, doing an orbit then landing; and finally two shuttles going simultaneously.There are three different types of employees:1) Astronauts - The people that go inside the spacecraft2) Flight controllers - Who stay on the ground and control the flight, fixing malfunctions that happen mid-flight3) Engineers/Technicians - Who design/upgrade the modules to increase their reliabilityThese people all take a small salary which comes out of your quarterly budget. You also need to upgrade your buildings to build bigger rockets or house more employees.Each turn (one quarter) your engineers which are assigned to research and development (R&D) will increase the reliability of the component they are working on. As they approach the R&D cap (usually around 95% reliability) the reliability increase each quarter is reduced. Once they hit the cap, the only way to increase reliability for that component is to use it in successful missions.Each mission has multiple compents which can go wrong, and depending on your crews experience and training, it can cause your mission to fail. A failed mission costs you prestige, whilst a successful mission gains you prestige. You can (and should) send spare employees to do training as this increases the chance of them rectifying faults during missions (flight controllers and astronaughts only - Training the engineers will only increase their reliability percentage returns each quarter)Overall, sound and graphics is more than adequate, although this isn't a graphically intensive game. Most of the videos are ""moving stills"" made of 2 or three layers. Where this game shines is the gameplay, which it has a lot of depth and replayability. You need to work out what the best strategy is, and execute that strategy successfully."
,Recommended,308270,13644793,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,awmperry,"This isn't a great game. It's not even particularly good, as a game - the interface could be charitably termed unintuitive, the tutorial is nonexistent, the graphics would have been nice ten years ago, and the game's savegame handling is more buggy than an entomologist's lunchbox. The fact that I've just spent three hours working towards a lunar mission only to find that saving (along with ending the season to progress) has stopped working does not, of course, bias me against the game.So why am I recommending it?Well, for people like me with an interest in spaceflight it's pretty entertaining, and playing with the various constellations of rockets and payloads (while of course trying to skip generations to maximise value) can be very interesting.It's not polished. It's not, to be honest, even finished. But if you moderate your expectations, and if you're interested in the subject matter, it's well worth a go."
76561198128663908,Recommended,308270,12927782,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SomeSimpleGuy,let the man hours i put on this game advise you if this game is good or not
76561197975975092,Recommended,308270,31028260,Posted: 8 April,all,DoomCenturion,"This game puts you into a NASA program manager role -- this is less about running missions yourself but rather about making the hard decisions on how to accomplish the goal of landing on the moon.  Starting in 1955, you build your facilities and undergo the research to work your way up to greater and greater accomplishments.  It actually features a lot of the real decisions that had to be made back in those days at NASA -- there were different approaches to getting to the moon (direct ascent or lunar orbit rendezvous) and they all have trade-offs.  One recurring theme here is how willing you are to make risky decisions.  You can research your technology until its reliability is high enough but risk losing to the other side or you can gamble on it with the potential loss of money, prestige, and even the lives of experienced astronauts.It is a fun game for some types and you will learn a decent amount of history behind the space race if you take a few moments to look at it and think.  That said, there are some downsides to this game.  After you have landed on the moon, there is really not a lot to do other than a few interplanetary probes.  These probes can take a long time to get there, which is entirely accurate but you may wind up just blowing through your turns if you are a completionist.  The probes are also a serious distraction if you are racing to the moon like the game wants you to.  It is a shame that the game doesn't engage in some additional missions after that -- for example, the last lunar landing had the announcement of the space shuttle, so why not add that?  Or perhaps, like in real life, add Skylab (which was the direct result of leftover Saturn-V rockets) or Mir and then the international space station.  The game hints at permanent moon bases but they are absent.  Perhaps even planning a Mars landing would be in the realm of possibility.  If they had added support for modding, that would have been awesome so we could have done these ourselves.Ultimately, a fun space-themed game, but it is tough to get more than twenty or thirty hours out of it."
76561198017282938,Recommended,308270,22251601,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,nucky_bad,"This game is the unofficial successor to Buzz Aldrin's Race to the Moon for MS-DOS which I loved to play because as a space-enthusiast there weren't enough games about the race to the moon on the market. So I like to compare today's gameplay with the prior game. Generally does it look better, but it's sometimes unorganized.The space center is a bit chaotic and buildings like the headquarter, VEB, SET, mission control and co. are less visible on a first look than earlier. The game reduces the locations for the bunch of data. You simply have a lot of menus hidden in the buildings and sometimes it takes too much time to go from A to C and back. This is the victim of a tablet-strategy I think.But the old game on DOS had a better atmosphere. Although the videos were ugliers in earlier times, these old media from NASA and Soviet archives transferred the feeling of being the director of a space agency during cold war. Sure, the drawings are fine (although I can't skip as I did with a click in Race to the Moon), but it's fine. More disgusting are the names and photographs of astronauts, engineers and controllers. Names are too mixed, photos too new. Honestly, in the 60s it is really unlikely to have an Afro-American astronaut in space (unfortunately).Sometimes missions are less dependant on the reliability than expected. I could play the same mission x-times and still loose despite of a reliability of 90%. This is a huge disadvantage. And I'd like to do more after landing on the moon. This game isn't Race to the Moon, but Space Program Manager and so I want to do more, maybe rebuild Skylab or its Soviet counterpart.However, I'd recommend it because the challenge with the AI is great and the background, the race between the USA and the USSR is still fantastic and dramatic."
76561197983605525,Recommended,308270,28342860,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Rob,"Less of a business management game and more of a puzzle game. If you want to play this game properly, you will have to plan everything several turns ahead.The thing I enjoyed most about this game was sitting down with pen and paper figuring out how many researchers and mission control experts I'd need and in what fields, and when I'd need them. You can learn loads about the history of the space race, including many proposed projects which never came to fruition. It may not look like it from screen shots, but this game is very immersive.The downsides are that the menus could be organised a bit better and sitting through the videos of each mission can get a bit repetitive."
76561198163549757,Recommended,308270,12971529,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,augsburs,"When I heard that this game was coming out I immediately remembered playing the predecessor game in the 90s Buzz Aldrin's Race into Space (BARIS) and while there are a few areas where I think the original was better I think that this game is a large improvement overall.  The launch animations aren't exactly impressive for what they could have done, but the fun in a management game like this is in reaching objectives not so much the graphics.  That being said I kinda wish that they used some video clips here and there like they did in BARIS.  I actually kinda liked the video clips even if by modern standards those in BARIS were very grainy.  Much like the original a poorly executed mission can massively derail your program, but on the easy level I've noticed that people don't die as easily as they did in the old game.Now there are countless diverse missions from the X-15 to orbiting satellites to lunar impact probes that allow you to pursue numerous programs that NASA and Soviet Space Program pursued in the 50s and 60s.  The only area I see some regression from the old game whereas mission options is that BARIS allowed you to take a Direct Ascent or a Minishuttle (e.g. DynaSoar) mission to the Moon.  Considering I never really considered Direct Ascent a practical means of getting to the Moon compared to EOR or  LOR I don't really consider that a big loss.Whereas the original game you could only really customize the skills of Astronauts/Cosmonauts the new game let's you develop the skills of your Scientists/Engineers and mission controllers.  This has added an entirely different dynamic to the game.Whereas Astronaut names other than Buzz Aldrin I don't see too many original names in the Astronaut rosters.  I'm not sure whether unlike BARIS they had issues with using the real names for the game or their legal dept was just paranoid.  Not a big distraction, but wish that their roster had more historical names.  IDK whether I really care for micromanaging the skills of mission controllers, but it adds more things for you to manage.One area that I think I don't care so much for is that when a mission fails you lose prestige points even if the failure isn't catastrophe.  (i.e. Apollo 13 would hurt your prestige as much as a Challenger accident, which doesn't make sense imho)  In BARIS you had the opportunity for a partial success where you met some of your goals (e.g. you do a duration and the crew gets sick you may get credit for the duration that you didn't cut short) and I hope a future patch will resolve this bug in gameplay.Unlike the old game where a hit in prestige would immediately hurt your funding the next year funding is only calculated every 4 years.  This can be a bit of a mixed blessing though.  When you are doing great in prestige sometimes you can actually far exceed prestige goals and be assured of a huge raise in funding at next review in several seasons away, but your current funding hand ties you to how fast you can proceed even if all your missions are successes.  It seems like in real life if you are scoring huge prestige points that the government wouldn't wait 2-3 years to reward you with some more money.  The 4 year funding review if you hit a bad failure right before review might get you locked into a funding problem that you may never be able to get out of before the other side flies past you and wins the game.  I think this often discourages you from taking a big mission right before funding reviews because near the start of the 4 years you have time to rebound, but otherwise you get stuck with poor funding that will kill your program.  Unlike the original BARIS I haven't seen a lot of random events where you get money or lose money.  This makes the game a bit more about your skills than luck, but I think it might reduce the replay value a bit.  Sometimes half off discounts off new hardware/programs could really help in BARIS.  I think that was an incredibly unbalanced random event, but private sector R&D contributions here and there aren't outside believable.Unlike the original BARIS money management is a lot bigger role in this game.  You have recurring costs for salary for Astronauts/Scientists/Mission Control and even the programs themselves.  The first time I played this game I lost because I ran out of money because I wasn't paying close enough attention to recurring costs.  If you fall into the red you get fired as director so you really need to manage your funds carefully.I do think that the UI was confusing at times.  There are certain times where I was didn't immediately see how to leave a window.  It isn't horrible, but I think the UI could be a bit more clean at times.I've planned the game 3 times now.  The first time I ran out of money.  The second time I lost after a series of mission failures made it difficult to catch back up.  The third time I won.  I haven't really played with the sandbox mode yet, but I see a lot of potential fun in this game despite some flaws.  Considering the lack of expensive complex animations or videos to license I'm not sure that this should be $30, maybe more like $20, but for fans of BARIS this game looks like the successor that many of us were looking for.  There aren't many games in the space program manager genre, but this is probably the best I have seen so far."
,Recommended,308270,12731693,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Talisman,vary good game however  once you get past the past missions in the game your done and it gets boreing to repeat i would love some new programs to be added tur updates or dlc (witch is pointless but not out of the qustion) i give it a 8/10 i deeply hope this can be inproved on even in the steam workshop......and as allways fly safe !
76561198002567771,Recommended,308270,12814006,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Xenus Icelon,"A good, although clunky space program management simulator. KSP fans beware, in this one you're just the manager of the space program. Not the pilot of the missiles.Even then, it's pretty good at what it does. With a lot of different rockets and several kinds of missions you can find yourself spending a while to do everything and then making a rush for a moon landing when you find your opponent space program is nearing the completion of theirs. I have not yet tried multiplayer(And will update this review when I do), but it seems like the kind of game that would work better with it.Innate chance based mechanics may make this a frustrating experience - Especially if you're not sure how it works and how to handle the chances to make things less likely to fail. Further made more frustrating by an interface that properly models a very disorganised desk and very little explanation on how to actually use the controls. It may also be difficult to actually figure out just what happened and when at times. It has issues.At this point, it only goes up to manned missions to the moon and probes elsewhere. I kind of did expect a bit more, especially after the 5 year lasting Saturn probe, but I suppose with the main focus being on the race to the moon during the cold war anything past the moon is optional.For those who aren't into competitive stuff, there are sandbox modes and a fictional global space agency campaignSo I would cautiously recommend it. The interface is pretty horrible, but the rest seems decently solid, though it lacks in content once you get to a certain point.I'll update when I tried multiplayer to see if that makes it better, as the AI for the opposing faction is pretty incompetent.I can only assume the AI blows up all their rockets by not understanding the concept of chancesEdit: I tried out multiplayer, and the first thing that is noticable is that you need a third party account. The second thing is that it is play by email only, but done poorly. Namely, you don't actually get anything emailed except a message telling you it's your turn. Everything works through their servers only. As soon as your turn completes, you are kicked out and back to the menu. In the end, this just means you get a lot of emails saying it's your turn and nothing else, and have to re-join your game every time.It is clunky, slow, and takes ages to do much, if anything. The 'remember me' checkbox for the third party account does not actually remember you the first time you check it, and you don't get to see or hear much of your opponent through the ingame system so it honestly feels like you're playing single player. That said, even players who haven't played it before are more competent than the AI(Capable of maxing out their prestige/budget at least), and if you actually talk to eachother about your space program you will have a better time than one would with single player."
76561198022915277,Recommended,308270,12724952,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Hoocares,"Nice manager game .+ good coding , every decision affecting to other things+ deep enough to just race for moon ( hope dlcs will come soon )+ music is good+ launching interface is good- manual is so messy , in game tutorial would be better- when mouse hover on something then would be good if explain what is it ( specially in staff menu)- just art work can make boring in time , would be good some building animations in main space area"
,Recommended,308270,21389044,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,(SVK)TheProzac,"Well... Hard for me to make up my mind about this game, but it was on sale.What is it about? Well it is a remake of the old Buzz Aldrins race to the moon, and that is the whole story about this game and if I am not mistaken that was a board game back in the days for 2 players.Now I am not familiar with ""manager"" games (this is my first one) but when it comes to gameplay it can be frustrating when your 89% success chance mission fails (my mouse be the witness of that) but also very rewarding (when you beat NASA to the moon).So you get to play either as NASA, Russians or a fictional GSA (global agency - one thing noticed why do you mention ESA in it? I didn´t find anything I know from european space agency in the game or from other agencies). Your objective is to get to the moon before the other (with exception of GSA). After that it is pretty much the end unless you want to try a probe to Saturn.And that is dissapointing, story would be perfect in 1980 or 1990ish but... My point of view 2 DLC´s would be brilliant, DLC 1 would be the space shuttle and Buran + Mir, ISS, Skylab and DLC 2 could be near future - Moon base, manned missions to Mars and Venus, maybe automated asteroid mining? Some may say it would spoil the original race to the moon I completely agree with you on that one. But this is the space program manager not the race to the moon and our space program is far more advanced than it was in the 70´s.In the end I will give it a thumbs up because for one pretty small reason - this game is absolutely easiest to get all the achievements out of all games I have tried here. It is short but it is tense.I´ll add some small corrections - previously I assumed modding is enabled for this game but it is not and developer is sadly not working on any expansions for this short story because of ""lack of sales"". Still if you want all achievements easily just wait for a 75% discount and have fun."
76561198002933633,Recommended,308270,23182054,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,animalshadow,"Interesting game, and first one where I got all achievements :DIn campaign mode game feels like rush to the moon as fast as possible and achievements give you some changellenging goals, which feels really exciting. In game are some moments where play on high stakes. For example trying to make launch of not properly tested rocket or use of untested Module in more advanced mission cause you have to do it right now or you'll lose(in terms of achievements) which results in success percentage penalty and high adrenaline.What game really needs - more modes or competitive bold goals outside of moon landing, cause now when you figured out fastest way to reach moon then there's nothing to do.Dark side of the Buzz Aldrin SPM is that it feels unfinnished, not full of bugs and etc. but game leaves a feeling that Developers planned to add more content, much more than game has right now.Anyway, game is great and will provide you with guaranteed 10+ hours of interesting gameplay."
76561197997274509,Recommended,308270,27354482,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mimezinga,"The second PC game I ever bought (the first one being sim ant).Sure it is an old concept and sure it is mostly a push your luck thing, but...But what the hell! Every time i play it tells me a story, and I have fun just trying to figure out how far i can stretch my luck. I played it on my own and with a friend of mine and it was exactly how I did remember it: worth my time."
76561198031671701,Recommended,308270,34547061,Posted: 28 August,all,Eagle 4,Would be nice for an update to include skylab and space shuttle
76561198057764889,Not Recommended,308270,22230165,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,zoso8203,"I loved Buzz Aldrin's Race Into Space.  I was hoping for a graphically more up-to-date version of BARIS.  However, I find this version of the game is not nearly as much fun.  In the new version, you must manage the abilities and morale of not only your astronauts, but also your researchers and managers.  I find this makes the game much more tedious and takes away from the scientific and engineering focus of the original board game and BARIS."
,Recommended,308270,12955274,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Oddible,"This is a fantastic game for anyone interested in space, the space race, and the crafts and rockets launched in the history of human space flight.  All of this history is packed into a manager-style game which challenges players to beat the other super power to a manned moon landing.  Other game modes include a challenge-driven space program with extended missions beyond the moon landings.  The game effectively pits economy, science, and personnel resourcing vs time and build suspense during launches with animated sequences showing the launches - while a bit underdone and cheesey the launch animations aren't the focus of the game, they do their job and experienced players will likely start skipping them within a short amount of play time.While this game is very much a minimum viable product at launch is it nonetheless a very enjoyable game and will only get better.  The devs are very responsive both on the Steam forums and on the Slitherine forums.  The biggest criticisms in the game center around a bit of clunkiness in the interface design, not enough to undermine enjoyment of the game, and some issues with the gameplay goals (space race / challenge missions) guiding the player through the game and showing visibility of where they rate in relation to the other super power.  This will get better.I've played through the scenarios 3 times and the game offers continued replayability.  I've played the NASA, Soviet, and GSA (game created agency) scenarios and have not yet exhausted the many combinations of rockets and craft that could be used to hasten and more efficiently get a human to the moon.  The game is easy to understand and straightforward to play.  Do you love Kerbal Space Program but want to focus on just the program management and not the flying and spaceship modelling? Then this game is for you!  Even if you love all aspects of KSP this game is for you!  Love space? Get this game!"
76561198036993962,Recommended,308270,12750885,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,dennizenx,"A nice remake of the old BARIS. People who are on the fence about this purchase can download and play the old one for free as it is now open source. I loved it and think that a lack of 'museum' data and Arlington are big misses here. I don't like that the game can't tell that I would lose a spaceman over a fail to land an X-15 correctly, but it is what it is. Worth the price, but too bad it is so held back for mobile integration. I'd rather have paid $12 (which is the price in it's native realm).The artwork is lovely and if you like this sort of game it's worth this time to check out. I hope they make it so you can transfer your crews from this one to the planned ISS/Mars missions later, or release them as an add on for this one so that ppl have to get it still to explore the new areas ;)8/10"
76561198007374768,Recommended,308270,13100732,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Kittenman,"Surprisingly entertaining,...  ok, so the graphics are basic, the mission footage I've seen fairly ho-hum ... but the gameplay and the subject are really entertaining.  And no problems making a donation to Buzz himself (he must get a cut for the use of his name)."
,Recommended,308270,16753703,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Varitas,Buzz Aldrin's Space Program Manager is a indepth game that allows the player to simulate space exploration in the mid 1950's in a fun and engaging way.https://youtu.be/9dHlXyvoH5A
,Not Recommended,308270,12871596,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Rosso,"Random number generator: The gameIt's not a bad thing, but the game only really focuses on the race to the moon between the soviets and US in the late 50's early 60's.There is a sandbox, but it just removes the space race objective and lets you run the space program as you want.I only played on 'normal' which may as well be beginner-mode, and have not played the GSA faction, though from what I've seen it allows you to run soviet and US programs at the same time.I'm told there will be expansions in the future such as building a space station and possibly a mars landing, but for the time being the game experience I had does NOT justify a $30 price, let alone a $20 price that I bought the game for."
76561198058300124,Recommended,308270,12810764,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Maverick,"NOTE: My recommendation is borderline. I could just as easily have gone on the negative. Read on if you want to know what I mean...oo00oo..I was pretty excited about this when I started. I'm a space nut and have been ever since watching Neil Armstrong as a 6 year old. (Yeah, OK, enough with ""ancient gamer"" already).This started as interesting. I saw all the missions, the research, the training, the rocket and payload options and nodded approvingly as I racked my brain remembering what Redstone and Mercury and Apollo was all about. There are campaigns and difficulty levels and it looked kind cool.But this fell down. It really did.With an obvious ""get everything above 80% reliability"" it didn't take me long to settle into a routine of simply spamming missions with click after click after click after click.... Training was the same. Once guys get to 80% or more then it wasn't worth training them much more because it didn't make much difference. Building updates were about 3 steps and I found I was bored with it very quickly.By the time I was well into Apollo, it was rinse and repeat. Mission after mission identical to the last, everything was 95%+ and I rarely failed. (And I mean really, test 1 was identical to test 2 and so on. It got REALLY tedious!!)Towards the end of the entire mission chain I was reclined back in my chair spamming the buttons just to get it finished. When I needed extra staff I just hired as many as I could and threw them into auto-training because I really couldn't be bothered checking who was good at what anymore.The UI is a clunky mess. A simple project window showing rocket, payload and assigned staff would make this so much easier. Instead I had to remember who was assigned on what project and again, because it's so much clicking I just threw staff around like candy, picked the first rocket that had a reliability greater then 90% and just went with it.It can be horrible the amount of clicking and on a 1920 x 1080 screen the amount of real estate I had to cover from one click to the next was bloody annoying to put it mildly.  From bottom left to top right to centre.... Uggghhhh...Not sure what could fix this. I suppose when you're following a reasonably accurate historic line there's a limit to what you can offer and it shows with so many missions just a C&P of the last.The graphics are 1990, cut scenes are panned images so even the actual launches got boring quickly and I ended up just clicking ""skip"" just to get it done.Be warned, if you're like me and want a good space challenge, you'll be bored very quickly because ""challenge"" in this is an RNG regardless of your level of expertise. The campaigns and difficulty proved kinda predictable and success and failure appear random. Dice rolling at best.I'll give it a 6.5 simply because I love ""space"" and it was very, very interesting...... at first."
,Recommended,308270,15999050,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"Status;""COMPLETE""From gameplay, stability, graphics, information, choices, ease to learn, and replay ability this is one of the best race for space games out there. (Kind of like my sister, she is blonde)This game offers real soundbits from the actual programs of both Russian and American agencies.(We think we heard someone cough in the background... really.... there are actual sounds from real missions in everything! Very immersive!)You can go way way way  past the moon and the race for it. Graphics are well done, the game runs VERY smooth! (Like a babys bottom... awwww)Not all missions still go with perfection even if you think maxing things to 100 percent or 99 percent makes it safe. As in real missions 99% means there always is that 1% chance that something will go wrong. (So dont think your perefect! HA!)The game has replay ability because not only can you go thru NASA & RUSSIAN space agencies, but you can race both of them as the GSA. Buzz Aldrin actually is the adviser if you go this route and his agency without limitations.(We always wanted to be Buzz... Lightyear... oops... Aldrin!)After you have done all three then you get to embark on the ONLINE adventure.(Holy crap get ready for the hackers! Kidding... no one really hacking its too fun without needing to... YAY!)If you love space, love history, want to see how fast you can get to the moon and beyond, develop, train and manage complete agencies, then this is a must buy!There is only one con to this game as of late, online seems to be a bit sketchy with the cheaters using trainers, but for that to be the worst of it... then this as I am sure you agree... is a SURE SOLID BUY. Get it if you have the slighest enjoyment of space, or any space program for any country... you will enjoy this... (Kind of like a nice meal, with a hot companion, ready to rock it till the fire goes out... OH YEAH!)NOT DEMANDING ON ANY SYSTEM, runs as smooth as a baby's bottom. Also this game is still being polished and content added.! Get it today!! Get to space!Discalimer; The Review Crew's evaluations are based on paying close attention to forum response and activity, system demand, fun of the game genre, position of originality in respective genre, growth of the project in its current state at time of review, graphics as a whole for end user, presentation of the game and display, replayability, patch/tweak progress, beginner friendliness & gameplay direcction, content & depth, attention to detail on small things(polish), lag and multiplayer application if applicable, badge card availability, with a minimum 8 hours of gameplay and interaction with customer base after release. We are not affliliated with any specific brand or entity or on any payroll. All views are based on positive only feedback as we are in no position to criticise anyones craft, just current states of development and progress at the time of our participation. If we offend anyone with our content, it was not us! Our review was hacked!"
76561198012662469,Recommended,308270,19226198,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Paxtoranius,"Enjoyed this game and system management which is based more or less on an epic period of competitive scientific history. You need to be careful with your funds at the outset or like me you will get 'sacked' and the game is over, but that usually only happens if you haven't achieved any successful projects early enough. The amount of projects are obviously linear as you progress with your research and developement provided by your scientists and technicians.Tips: There are photographs of various people you employ which look good but make sure you watch their ages as the photos are just that and not identities themselves. An older looking scientist can be 27 years old.The actual animated space events are well made but overly repetitive as well as their audio after a while so this was a budget job by devs obviously and could have been better and more immersive by using more historical tracking and design, so that for me anyway was a bit of a downer after a few hours play and discouraging for replay as this is the only part of the game which has 'movement'!The emergency 'fix it' teams preventing failures have a huge budget attached which I simply cannot understand at all but it has a challenge feature to the player which enables a choice anyway, 'do I fix it or just wing it' !All in all it was enjoyable historical brain food but only worthy of a discounted price around the $10-$15 mark for me in single player mode.6.3/10"
76561198008850822,Recommended,308270,31317780,Posted: 23 April,all,williwawsoccer,"Very challenging game, you have to jump steps and hope for mission success while chasing the moon. Took me about a dozen attempts before I was first to the moon.The player can make their own victory conditions - just played a game where I did not use any astronauts but tried to get all the planetary probes and flybys before the Russians landed on the moon.Lots of replay value.The one big negative is the stupid names and pictures. There should be an edit program to allow the player to modify."
76561198008572535,Recommended,308270,25063975,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,spikeislander,"If you remember the Space Race and you want game that gives some of the thrill of the various missions then this is ideal.  You set the missions and hope they work.  Great little game that I go back to time and time again. If a mission is successful I'm punching the air like crazy. And when the Saturn V takes of for the lunar trips then I'm back to being a kid again, watching the thing live on black/white TV. Unfortunately, my grandkids don't get that same thrill which is a pity because it was an incredible time which this game captures in its own way."
76561198026803064,Recommended,308270,25055982,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,sagergod,It is a fun game that you can play for hours. It also has a really informative history as to the projects and sites when certain things took place in the space race era.
76561197972551564,Recommended,308270,29653467,Posted: 2 February,all,maccabed,"I have come to love this game!  It's pretty limited in scope, going just from the dawn of the space age to the moon landing, but it's up to you to figure out who gets there first, with how much risk, and in how much time.  This game does an amazing job of teaching about the early space program and gives you the power to take some of the roads that history didn't actually take, like Gemini missions to the Moon, or an orbital Soviet spaceplane.  All of the programs and vehicles are well researched and documented, making the experience quite engrossing.  I've played through several times now with both the Soviet space program and NASA and I've never managed to get to the moon before 1970.  someday... :)"
76561198003643896,Recommended,308270,25978388,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Jool,"Fun way to learn about the various space craft from US and Soviet space programs. A+ Gus.The Saturn V (Apollo Moon Rocket) is still the largest operational rocket ever built, until NASA's new SLS Massive awesome rocket is built."
,Recommended,308270,13865318,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Nik,"Great remake of a classic PC game. Well-researched, but I just wish there were pictures of more people than just Buzz Aldrim himself in the staff selection of the game. :) Great for any space history enthusiasts."
76561198007508026,Recommended,308270,12946106,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Preposterous!,"In my years with Steam. This would be my first review. Plus I had a few beers _ so that matters...Im impressed with the developers response implementing the tooltips in a timely manner. These were much needed to tie in the UI on this menu heavy game. I have to say......I haven't seen such professional and diligent response in a long time. It is obvious that there is a very dedicated person involved. This type of change wouldnt have happened if a team needed to have a say in every bit of the changes.  I also love that this is truly a strategy game where small decisions have a great impact.The feel of the race is there.....only wish there was more nostalgiac (era speciifc) UI or graphics. However, I have felt the sense of the reds gaining ground on me on every turn, which is almost enough. It was a great decision to go beyond a ""joint space program"" and replicate the space race.Fine job...and bet on me going in on all additional modules that these cats create.Also_ although it doesnt bother that much, The only profile picture I've seen (besides Werner V. Braun) is some kind of modern angry Greek or Gypsy accountant. I'm sure that will change.Love the game. Classic for me."
,Recommended,308270,12996246,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Axe-man,It is just like an old very hard board game and quietly addictive. Like the real space program you kinda start with no idea which way to go and how far to push yourself and your people.
76561198009903018,Recommended,308270,12812429,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Corwin86,"I've played it only 5 hours so far, but I can say that this game seems really cool.It's a sort of ""remastered"" version of the old simulators: you have some nice graphical effects and a nice style overall, but the ""strong"" point is the managerial/strategic part.That is simple, but difficult to master also at the normal level of difficulty.I think the game is nice shown and explained in the store, what can I say is that, for a strategic/turn game, it is better that it looks at the start.Also, it seems really replayable (but still haven't checked all but one campaign).A pleasant surprise, in my opinion."
76561198051162790,Recommended,308270,21470952,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Doc.Freder,"This is in fact a VERY interesting game. Not only for those who like management of a corporation which has to deal with timeplanning, staff improvement, money and pioneer work but for all who like space and science and history too.It brings you near the development of spacetravel since the 1950's, with conquest and failure, and it tells you the story about the journey to the moon, with prooven background from no less an astronaut than Dr. Edwin Buzz Aldrin - yes, the one who was with his colleagues Neil Armstrong and Michael Collins on the mission that first landed a manned craft on the moon.I mean, folks, the man who helped develop this management simulation was actually on the moon! And he was not just there, but on the first ever mission that landed on it!!In my opinion this alone is reason enough to buy this game.But anyway: it is not just a game, this is history made into a game with lots of fun, a pioneer simulation management with first hand perspective - where you can take this ""first hand perspective"" literally, indeed!If you are a space and history enthusiast this is a ""must buy""."
76561198003647442,Recommended,308270,31399085,Posted: 27 April,all,Woyzeck,"Great space-race sim - for me, only two drawbacks - one, the 'museum' doesn't record things in a mission-by-mission way (minor issue) and two, for me, the player portraits and names kill it a little. There are mods available which improve this, and which I'd highly recommend!This can be a tough game - certainly nailbiting - but is easy to learn, and the tutorial works very well. Some of the SFX are quite atmospheric (although they do become repetitive). I've not tried KSP (Kerbal Space Program) but other than that, I believe this is the only game of its type and certainly the only space program manager grounded in history. Excellent game that really draws you in."
,Recommended,308270,33251376,Posted: 4 July,all,usaflance,"Fantastic management game!  Even small decisions can make a huge difference, especially if your trying to get the Steam achievements.  Do you send a scientist to training to increase their skill on space probes, or do you use them now because you have to get Explorer I in orbit before the Russians launch Sputnik?  Do you risk your astronauts to jump ahead in mission sequence because the other guy just did a lunar pass?  Do you spend money on a tiger team to help solve a problem or hope that your mission controllers can figure it out on their own and your astronauts don't burn up on reentry.   Yes, the thumbnail pictures can be a bit weird, but it is by no means a deal breaker.   Systems are certainly nominal for this game.  9/10"
76561198031255380,Recommended,308270,23802275,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,chrisDakiwi,"Great update to a classic, enjoy and always come back to it to see how i can do things differently, a shame no new development but devs are responsive if you do come across bugs. Reccomended to any space fan who likes turn based stratagy type games."
76561198029269743,Recommended,308270,25131468,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,richardjhelionheart,addicting game
76561197987220470,Recommended,308270,19375934,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,[WWKD]Lime,">Get rocket and craft reliability up to ~90%>Form elite ground of the best men and women in the nation>Train the best pilots money can buy>Rocket explodes on the launch pad, killing the crew>Ground crew all quit due to low morale>Opposition simultaneously launches the same mission and succeeds.10/10 would ragequit again."
76561198027422167,Recommended,308270,19992081,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,gnturbo,Fun simulation of the early space program.  Learning curve is a little steep but I am still enjoying the game.
76561198050971909,Recommended,308270,20952113,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,F4TheGold,"A fun and addicting game. Especially if your bit of a space geek. Very challenging to. Manage your way to the moon, the race is on, again.."
,Recommended,308270,30529052,Posted: 15 March,all,Rastrelli,"That was a truly awesome expirience. I recommend. I strongly recommend.The UI could have been better, though - you probably will need a notepad to keep track of who is doing what.Still - awesome!"
76561198013907351,Recommended,308270,21569702,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,mdiesel95,Very cool learning game with a fun factor!
76561198006514123,Recommended,308270,24040348,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Rogal_Dorn,This game is really addicting and fun to play.  I just can't seem to get caught up to the Russians...it's pathetic.  Buy this game if you are a huge nerd like me.
,Recommended,308270,22163897,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Morsealworth,I never reached over the maximum prestige. Want to know why?This game's description of political influence of Soviet Space Program looked so good I was scared I'll be kissed by Brezhnev if I do.
,Recommended,308270,22059743,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Atratusia,"Multiplayer is cumbersome. Both players should be able to play at the same time. Despite that, the game is nice and suspenseful."
,Recommended,308270,15957308,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Speed7,If you are into space flight you will enjoy this game a lot. Its a bit dry but I find the game to be a lot of fun. The only disappointment I have is when you veer off into alternate history the game doesn't adapt as well as it could. The best example I have it that every time I play as NASA I skip the Redstone and go straight to Atlas. However when you watch the animation it will show the Atlas-Agena not the Mercury-Atlas. It doesn't take much from the game. I'm excited for the future of it. I'm hoping that they release some kind of expansion that will introduce newer eras. I do recommend the game.
76561197985654378,Recommended,308270,15718797,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,wolfedg,"This is definately an interesting game and I enjoy it very much but it is not for everyone. If you came here from Kerbal Space Program you may be dissapointed in the gameplay, but that is because rather than being a sandbox game that you fly your own rockets, in this game you play as the director of the space program.You manage all aspects from how many astronauts and flight controllers to hire, and how much to pay them for their services all the way to what rocket and payload programs to implement. Want to do a Gemini lunar mission, you can do it here. Want to put an Apollo capsule on a russian rocket... yep you cna do that too. Of course dont expect the game to always depict your rocket properly as the graphics havent accounted for what it looks like to say put a Mercury capsule on a Proton launch vehicle and many other possible configurations.This game is somewhat like Kerbal Space Program in one respect. It has a steep initial learning curve that gradually gets much easier. It can also be frustrating at times to have a spacecraft with 99.9% reliability decide to suddenly blow up at random (sadly you dont get to see the explosion though). Keeping up with all the training and amangement of personnel can also be a chore, especially early on in the game, but if you do it correctly the gmae gets more fun as you go along and your equipment and personnel beocme ready for use. Your first several seasons will likely be without any launches, but as you get closer to that ultimate goal of landing on the Moon, you will find the mission launches become much more frequent.This game is somewhat sandboxy in that it doesnt hold your hand and tell you what to do (other than perhaps your goal of landing on the Moon) but it also has its limitations.Overall, this is more of a management type game than an arcade type game and it certainly isn't for everyone.  With that caveat, I will recommend this game."
76561198132334822,Recommended,308270,16337451,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Berman,AMAZING very detailed adds difficulty to something so simple
,Recommended,308270,13838579,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Donderwolk,one of the best multiplayer games in pbem...  the ui is .. well like the old game.. you will feel lost playing the game..you will try it solo and think nah... then you will find the build in pbem service then get a friend ... well that is where the fun starts... how long will you train your guys.. launch now and be the first or let the honour go to your friend.. launch and be a hero or an utter failure... you will be biting your nails as you watch the liftoff of your rocket... pulling your hair out of frustration.. or jumping up from joy.. yep a weird game ....
76561198194070618,Recommended,308270,28669336,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,tz,"Ok, I'm a fan, and love this ""game""! Jjust beware, it's not for everyone. It's repetative and has very little action. But when you finally land safely on the moon it's all worth it."
76561197992943393,Recommended,308270,21144948,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Volpone,Extremely fun and educational.  I consider myself a student of the 60s space programs and even I learned new things about it.
,Recommended,308270,20596911,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,That Shades Boi,"Challenging, very relentless gameplay. Trust me when I say it isn't for the weak hearted or the easy-goers.... This is what I like to call a really f#$%ing hard game. But give it a shot, you may find you like it..."
76561198037958863,Recommended,308270,15114595,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Waysted,Customer Service beyond compare. These devs deserve your hard earned cash because they actually care about you.GREAT GAME!!!!!
,Recommended,308270,32778677,Posted: 25 June,all,Nova,"Worse his money for discount sale.Game hardly coded and i think there is no random at all. If You got a 90% reliability apollo with 90% reliability rocket it will explode, you will lose reliability then explode again, and again. Bash head at wall, blame stupid americans engineers that can't do a safe start of max reliable missile with top crew and ground crew, calm, breath a few minutes. Think about Korolev who does better work at the other side of the Earth. Load. Same♥♥♥♥♥♥Never look at reliability if it will be harcoded to explode it will explode whatever percent of reliability You got 30 or 94.Also there is no any historical accurate scientist or astronauts or cosmonauts. Only historically accurate projects or rockets and space stuff.Anyway still one of the best game about space rush between USSR and USA in 20th century,"
76561198084723427,Recommended,308270,26564495,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,StarNate,"Excellant game. Not heavy on graphics or anything, but a great management game giving you an idea of the race to the moon and beyond!"
,Not Recommended,308270,33836163,Posted: 27 July,all,Kaiser Wilhelm I,The game is far too much down to luck.Even if you have well over 90% reliability on all parts and you hire 3 tiger teams to try to fix your problem it feels like a 50/50 weather or not you will fail. And if the problem is solved another one will just come up straight after and it is repeated until you fail or run out of money.The game feels more like gambling than actual space managing.
,Recommended,308270,12810136,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Mac6,";tldr - buy only if you don't mind mobile phone graphics and you have ran out of other Space-related games to enjoy.This is very basic, but overall a good game and a worthy successor to the original, but you really need to know almost everything about the historical space program (50s and 60s) to have any kind of success in putting virtual astronauts on the moon. This is mostly because the user interface is pretty bad and doesn't give you enough information to make decisions. For example, if you don't know about Juno rockets or the Mercury program, you won't know what to develop or test. There is a small encyclopedia in the game that can tell you when certain craft were launched so you could use that as a guide, but it's clunky. Reading the manual is a must. Still, if you love everything related to space exploration and the space race, you should definitely check this game out!The game was developed using the Unity engine, Mono framework (open source version of .NET) and Lua, and most of the parameters should be easily moddable (XML files). Graphics are passable, although the rocket launch videos can be pretty exciting (then again, I have pretty low expectations).Maybe it's just me but the music reminded me of the Apollo 13 movie.Playability - 3/10Graphics - 2/10Music - 5/10Space buff factor - 10/10Thumbs up - for now."
76561197967644695,Recommended,308270,30935487,Posted: 3 April,all,pap1723,"Brutally difficult game, but is a graphical update to a classic Race into Space."
76561198050865043,Not Recommended,308270,21487940,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,issssk,"Lightweight management game. Not really many options. The risk calculaction system has to be a freaking joke, even missions with 92% success chance get 4 separate fails."
76561198098299089,Recommended,308270,17003074,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,mskervin,It sure is a space program manager.
76561197984243371,Recommended,308270,15042331,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,vipermav2000,As long as you don;t mind looking at the same cut sceens over and over agiain its pretty entertaining.
,Recommended,308270,15043131,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,salmonmarine,"Good game to have for space enthusiasts. I'd prefer a bit more freedom outside of the historical context - but the history is a big part of the game so at the end of the day I don't really mind. The cutscenes in missions are a little underwhelming, but I'll take it. At first the UI and navigating the game was god awful, but recent updates have made it more bearable. If you have patience and an interest in space, you might like this game. All else, steer clear. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,308270,13773492,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,F0rmula0neTG,"Having spent many hours as a kid playing Buzz Aldrin's Race Into Space on my PC, I stumbled across this by accident just last week...and haven't put it down since. To begin with the negatives: it is basic in appearance, the sound is okay and the music is a little annoying after a while. There is a lot of text involved and use of video cut-scenes and archival footage could be used - but no doubt the budget to make this game was limited. That said, it plays exactly like the original and I am enjoying it immensely. The space programs are detailed, it has that ""oh, just one more turn"" appeal and you want to beat the rivals in the game. I hope more investment is made into this and whether there will be add-ons or sequels I would like to how how this can be delveloped further."
76561197970537167,Recommended,308270,14595142,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,scruffycavetroll,"Very good homage to the original. It will definitely take a few restarts to figure things out, I'm enjoying it so far."
,Recommended,308270,14059296,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,hanserson_A7X,"I love this game, It's really fun for anyone who likes NASA or anything really to do with space. It lacks in some aspects but overall is very fun to play."
76561197982891913,Recommended,308270,17821136,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Tony Montana,The best Tycoon-Space-Race-Sim around :-)
76561197962308104,Recommended,308270,12726103,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Redavic,"Fun, Addictive and love the gameplay modes! Must Buy!"
76561198065656911,Recommended,308270,12724884,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Frogurt97,"The games cool, though takes a few failed attempts to be able to do anything competitively, with nice UI and graphics the game is worth playing if you like spacier things."
,Recommended,308270,12749779,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,angelosnau,"Nice space program manager game, with interesting cutscenes and enganging gameplay."
,Recommended,308270,13586311,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,JaviTC,Awesome game if you are interested in space exploration !!!
76561198007359938,Recommended,308270,23575787,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Irishsaint,"I'm not the best person to be reviewing games, but I have to say this game is amazing. I love it. I hope people give it a try!"
,Recommended,308270,30542923,Posted: 16 March,all,Bmorekareful,Great game.  It's all about leveling your scientist and engineers up in a management sim style of play.  I want more of this.
,Not Recommended,308270,19125172,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,COMnts,"SPM is an interesting game for a playthrough or two, but has some extremely poor mechanics and replayability.  Worth a fiver, but not anymore."
76561198083278573,Recommended,308270,13972981,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Nomicoe,"If you enjoy management sims, and space, this game is for you. Only draw back is the price tag. Get it on sale.8/10 because of price tag."
76561197976327138,Recommended,308270,21680146,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,becephalus,"A great little game that will teach you a lot about the space program.  Lacks replayability, but worth the money."
,Not Recommended,308270,12836301,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Atherma,"My entire life I've thought NASA really needs more money, they do such amazing things.And the random-roll danger simulation at the core of this game has begun to change my mind. After the sixth attempt at an orbital spacewalk with a 92% chance of success I finally thought, ""maybe this money would have been better spent on schools or telescopes.""Each step toward the stars is based in the ladder of events leading up to it; expensive, risky and often doesn't deliver awards or satisfaction. I feel like I have gotten the true NASA experience through great danger the following lack of recognition around every corner."
76561197972984638,Not Recommended,308270,12867941,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,daluke182,"TLDR: I don't feel I got my money's worth before I was too annoyed by bugs, balance issues, and graphical errors. If you pick it up for less than $15, or if they do some major patching, it may be worth it. For a game out of beta, I was unimpressed.DETAILS:The menus are terribly unintuitive.This game still has a few glitches, some graphical.- man jumping out of an unmanned russian pod duiring landing- space probes exploding violently in the atmosphere (after they were already in orbit)- GSA probes to the moon are locked after you already completed the pre-requisites. They say you need to complete the pre-reqs.Game seems unbalanced - Russia's early tech is really overpowered. (this translates into easy mid & late game)"
,Recommended,308270,12858959,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Dr Seb Wilkes,Lost to the russians because 'Frog Satilite'.DON'T INVEST IN FROGS!1969/10
76561198111603013,Not Recommended,308270,13150432,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Bayster,"This is a really fun and educational game ... when it works (like 25% of the time).Setting up your facilities and hiring people works fine, but whenever you launch a mission, keep your fingers crossed, because 3 out of 4 times you will get a black screen ... input will usually still more or less work, so the game will keep running, but you're flying blind ... let's call it a feature to simulate realistic system failiure? ... I bypassed this problem by leaving the game on all night and check in the morning to see if the graphics were working again ... because they usually do ... but waiting for 14hrs to load some 2D image to move over your screen (there is no 3D rendering or anything, just a picture of some spaceprobe moving over a starry background), is not exactly acceptable. The game I would recommend, the software I would not."
,Not Recommended,308270,15137266,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,picee,this game is good but there are better space games out there ....well worth purchasing but only if it was on sale
,Recommended,308270,12813917,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,POL33TMAN,pretty easy game not alot of depth but still enjoyable
76561198004167126,Recommended,308270,12908619,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TheCardGame,"Good game, crucial updates since I bought it."
76561198026527926,Not Recommended,308270,13024393,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,spam,"I wanted to like the game but it is really kind of boring and doesn't have a lot of replayability.   True to its name it is a managmeent program, you click a lot of buttons, hit the end of turn button, and see the outcome.  You spend your time between hiring, and trtaining personnel, researching spacecraft/rockets/etc, and flying missisonsYou have the option of watching a cutscene representing your progress, or just skipping to the results.  Unfortunately the cutscenes are slow, repetitive,and boring."
,Not Recommended,308270,12831435,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,StarshipUK,"I like space and I like management games. Sadly, this game feels a little dated and too random with too little to do. The game installs around 2.5GB, so I would expect some pretty decent graphics and animations. Sadly the animations are cartoon like showing different mission stages with static graphics moving over static images.The main aim of the game is to keep a positive balance, increase staff skills via traning, develop new items and run enough missions to ensure maximum funding is recieved for the next 4 years. Through taining and development most things can only be developed to 90% within a reasonable timescale, which means there is still a 1 in 10 chance of failure for each aspect. Once a mission is started, if it fails there is nothing you can do top prevent it and a failed mission will result in decreasing item reliability and astronaut death, if it was a manned mission. Hiring new staff is easy, but it takes a long, long time to train astronuts to above 90% in all areas. Don't even think of launching anything with reliability or a using anyone with a skill below 80%, and even between 80% and 90% expect a huge amount of failures, as at 80% each part of the mission will have a 2 in 10 chance of failure. Its a shame its either full success or full failure and there is no inbetween. There is only one way to play the game, and I am sure once you have figured out the perfect game in regards of staff to train, items to research and missions to run, it will have little replayability value. I have not got tht far as I am already bored by what is offers, to the point where I dont even want to try playing it with an erection, although I may try it again if any updates are released, I doubt any updates will change the fundamental gameplay, which I have found more frustrating than enjoyable, and there are much better games out there. Its a shame as its a game I really wanted to like."
76561198010791222,Not Recommended,308270,14928982,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Eyewashere,Better games for the price.  I would say if you can get this game for 10 or less pick it up.
76561198189483795,Not Recommended,308270,21874846,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,jonlseal,"I don't like having to figure out game mechanics that should be explicity stated, especially when those mechanics aren't coupled with a compelling story or art. This game isn't *bad* but it defintiely hits all of my pet negatives."
76561198063283245,Recommended,308270,12725620,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,SubtleSchemer,Really really amazing glad i got it
,Recommended,308270,12731468,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,IT-Psycho,"Great game, but that User Interface is really bad. No joking, really bad. My mouse-hand hurts!"
,Not Recommended,308270,19377602,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Jihadi Kermit,"great remake of BARIS and so fulfilling that you want to replay it but only to realize that the replay value is nill:(what i pity is that you simply rehearse what the great minds in both space agencies had done. you are not on your own. you dont fly your own creativity but simply follow strict menu given to you. although having its own con, Kerbal gives you much more freedom and fun."
76561198031360009,Not Recommended,308270,20510618,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mordmorgan,I honestly felt pretty ripped off in the end.
,Not Recommended,308270,21574699,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Cras,"An unfinished mess of a game with incoherent failiures, immsersive breaking boardgame dice roll feel to it, and it is unfinished with the developer having no intention of ever finishing it.  Skip this game, not worth the time let alone the money."
76561198026394897,Not Recommended,308270,14522990,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hulaboy616,umm cant decide if its good or not its kinda fun
76561197967359996,Not Recommended,308270,12785888,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,bombaman,"If this game was $10 and was on the iPad, I would recommend it, but at RRP on the PC, I cant see the development cost."
76561198053869092,Not Recommended,308270,12717813,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Loner420,This game is absolutly craptastic! like a 1980's slide show labled a game........WTF!!!
76561198133815296,Not Recommended,308270,12728477,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ShivermeTimbers,BOOOOOOOO
,Not Recommended,308270,12714872,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Fater Alicorn,Give me my money back...
76561198053634091,Not Recommended,308270,19888962,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,gamermatt,"Has the same defects the old BARIS version had, the multiple% chances make the more complex missions impossible to complete.  Even with efficency ratings over well 95%, 20+ checks mean a failure is still incredibly likely.  Also, all the mission failures seem to default to deadly.  I get that issue during re-entry are likely going to be bad, but deaths because of a rendezvous failure is ridiculous.hoped for so much more.  Very disappointed"
76561197988218240,Recommended,308270,33684830,Posted: 20 July,all,Nixon's Richard,"Basically 'Buzz Aldrin's Race Into Space' (BARiS) with a more modern visual look. It is almost identical gameplay wise. The game play is simple, you manage a space program (with a little help from Buzz). Unlike say, Kerbal Space Program, in this game you don't get to fly (or even build) the space craft yourself. Instead, you hire people to do both of those things for you. The goal? Get to the moon before the other team (or before a deadline if you're playing the global space agency). Even better, it doesn't stop at the moon. As far as I know there is as of yet no manned mars missions, or anything manned past the moon (one of the games few downsides) however space probes (as in real life) to mars and beyond are on the table."
