user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197979183507,Recommended,308420,13153917,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Superjunk,"This is a fantastic game.  The gameplay is extremely tight and responsive, which is good because it is also very challenging.  Skillful play is rewarded.  In this respect it feels similar to the old style FPS like DOOM where you would find yourself with little health, no ammo and a roomful of baddies, hoping that one of the vanquished will drop you 10 hp to keep you going for another room.There are also roguelike elements.  The ziggurat is different on every playthrough, and the weapons you find are randomised.  Sometimes you will find a grenade weapon and then encounter a room with hordes of little enemies.  You will have an easy time.  Other times you will find a crowd control staff and a few massive bulletsponge enemies.  Tough luck.  When you level up, you can choose one of two randomly drawn perks.  Some will be very useful, some will replenish your health in a one-time deal, some will make you stronger over the long term.  There are also treasure rooms and shrine rooms, where you can sacrifice health and ammo to the gods, who might reward you or if you are Superjunk punish you every time.I definitely recommend this game.  It's good old-fashioned FPS goodness with a healthy serving of roguelike on the side.  But if you are skillful, the roguelike elements can't doom you from the start like in other titles, where you might keep restarting the game until you get a good starting item.  There are also evil carrots in this game that try to bite you.  I hate carrots in real life, they are an awful vegetable.  So it is good to shoot them with my stick."
76561198040490260,Recommended,308420,12603502,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,tango,"Plays a bit like Heretic, a bit like Serious Sam, a bit like Doom, a bit like Painkiller, a bit like the old arcade Robotron and Smash TV games, a bit like a bullet-hell Cave shmup.If you love Doom and Heretic, you will appreciate how well designed the enemy attacks are.  The game gets chaotic, but always remains fair.  Sometimes you will find the map filled with projectiles.... But you believe that if you keep practicing, and improving your spatial IQ, you can dodge them all.  Some day.  (Probably never, though.)Heretic fans will appreciate the weaponry.   Try the Doom Cannon against a cluster of Lost Souls.If you like to move fast, use the Harlequinn class.This is my dream game fully realized, so I'm trying not to be too complimentary."
,Recommended,308420,16232450,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Tom,"Ziggurat is a challenging first person rogue-lite game. You roam around procedural generated dungeons with various different types of enemies, traps and bosses.The graphics are appealing, the dark theme is done very well, often at times it is so dark it's really hard to see anything and you have to use your spells to light the way.Each dungeon is completely randomly generated, you will never run the same dungeon more than once, each room has a chance to either be full of minions, a trap room, or a reward room. Enemies drop experience orbs, every time you level up, you get to choose a special ability/skill, such as increasing the amount of health you get from health pots, or increasing your speed when you are hit. This is a nice feature which makes it feel a little different to other rogue-lite games.You also have to manage various different mana pools, you pick up different wands and weapons that use the different mana pools, enemies drop mana pots to keep them topped up.This is actually a really difficult game, even on easy mode, I struggled even on level one on the normal mode, but managed to get all the way to the end level and then fail on easy mode, so even that is a struggle. I have yet to try anything higher because I would just get wrecked.In order for me to complete a run on easy mode, I had to put three hours into Ziggurat, and this is only the tip of the ice berg of what's actually on offer. I have now unlocked a further four or five characters that I can play, and then there are additional challenges to unlock more. I'd say there is easily twelve more hours of content available here.I didn't have any technical issues or bugs, its an extremely well put together game, that runs perfectly, running most of the time at 120+ fps.Ziggurat is probably one of the best rogue-lite games I've played and can definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a magical dungeon crawling challenge.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/308420"
,Recommended,308420,20775102,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Lady Zana,"I always liked carrots. Until I played Ziggurat that is.Game overview* Genre (tags): Rogue-lite, FPS, action, magic* Avg length: ∞ (or ~1 hour for a run)* Developer: Milkstone Studios* Publisher: Milkstone studios* Release Date: October 2014 (pc), 2015 (consoles)* Platform: pc, ps4, Xbox One<<<Pros and cons>>>+ Overall fun and thrilling experience+ Lots of replayability+ Neat soundtrack+ Appealing art style+ Save & quit in the middle of a run+ Great price!+/- It can be somewhat 'unfair' at times (though that is part of the genre)- Platforming is rather tediousFull game reviewYou are a wizard apprentice who has been studying magic for many years. Finally, you are able and ready to participate in 'the Ziggurat', a test in which you prove your worth to the Daedolon brothers: they form the most powerful wizard guild that rules and protects the lands. Your goal is to become a part of this guild - to be a Deadolon brother - but that is far from easy. Very few manage to get out of the dangerous fortress alive; only the strongest will make it - usually not without physical and mental wounds.<<<Gameplay, fun factor and replayability>>>You enter a vast dungeon constructed of many floors to succeed the test of becoming a powerful wizard. You automatically possess a wand at the start and will be given a new random weapon each floor. There is also a level-up system that allows you to choose between various perks (cards) to improve/change the way you play. You will definitely need those weapons and perks: along the way, you'll come face to face with many enemies, challenges and other kinds of hazards. The majority of the time, you'll find yourself slaying waves of enemies (minions) though, but the different types of rooms make sure to keep things a little fresh: challenge rooms, rooms with lore scrolls, treasure rooms, secret rooms ... each of which will test your skill and knowledge.I have playedZigguratfor about 20 hours so far and I've had (and still having) so much fun with it! The fast pacing of the game certainly has to do with it: being able to run/jump around and shoot enemies down with various spells, staves and bombs  to cause destruction - yet so simple - is really satisfying. Besides the combat part, there is also a (limited) sense of exploration. Finding secret rooms is fun and rewarding. Especially lore rooms are a nice treat: they give you experience, but also give you some backstory and (indirect) hints.The game is not only fun, but also offers a ton of replayability for those who so desire. I have played a good amount of rogue-likes/rogue-lites before and I'm actually quite suprised by the amount of variety there is in the game: 17 chacracters, more than 150 different perks (cards) and a ton of weapons and enemy types. Rooms can even have modifiers to them (e.g. ""more drops"", ""enemies are tougher"" etc). No run is basically the same. For those who are really feeling it, there is also an 'endless mode' besides the normal mode (= easy, normal, hard). It is the perfect challenge/fun run for people who want to go through an extremely long (and hopefully powerful) run with their favourite character(s). Seeing that I have already played 20 hours, but only completed 5 characters on normal mode, I imagine I still have a lot of thrilling and satisfying hours to come with this indie gem.With all that being said, let's not neglect the fact that it is a pretty difficult game. This is not a bad thing per se, but casual players may be rather turned off. Even on easy mode the game will still offer plenty of challenges. As it is a rogue-lite game, most game elements (weapons, enemies ...) are procedurally generated, which means that you can get really unlucky at certain times. Even when you feel like you have a good amount of health, decent weapons and perks, you can get screwed when you enter a room that is really difficult to tackle with your current setup. This can suddenly end your run that seemed to be going so well, which can be extremely frustrating. To summarize it; this is a game that will never let you relax fully and will keep you on your toes throughout the whole run.<<<Controls, graphics and sound>>>The controls are easy to get used to and are very smooth. Movement is simple and feels appropriate: you either walk or sprint and you can turn around quickly, which is really useful in a game where danger can be found in every corner. Aiming and shooting the weapons is pretty accurate, but may take you some time to get used to. A minor point of frustration comes from the 'platforming' parts: I find it pretty tough to estimate where my character will land. This is not so much of a problem when big platforms are available, but having to jump from and onto small objects can be really tricky. It is definitely not game breaking though and will not ruin the fun for the most part. Lastly, there is full key binding available and it is also both fun/playable with either keyboard & mouse or a controller.The game is furthermore pleasant to look at: you can definitely see that the developers created the art style with a lot of care. The vast dungeon - even though most of the rooms look fairly similar - has a nice and appealing look to it. It looks cartoony, yet dark at the same time and that really gives it the magical touch it needs. Also, the different floors have their unique look, torches are hanging all over the place, there are statues standing around - all of these elements bring the dungeon to life and set you in the perfect mood for a dungeon crawling experience.As far as the soundtrack goes, there is nothing to complain. It is good. Not super duper amazingly good, but still really well done. It fits perfectly in a dungeon crawling game and helps setting the atmosphere. After all these hours, I have not grown tired of it yet, which is good. Certain games make me want to turn off their soundtrack because it really gets too repetitive - this game doesn't do that at all. I feel the music is mandatory to enjoy the 'fullZigguratexperience.'<<<The verdict>>>Certainly recommended, especially for people who like a fairly challenging rogue-lite game full of fast paced magical combat. Casual gamers may not really find their business here, but if they are looking for an entrance into the rogue-lite/rogue-like genre, easy mode is a good way to start.Lay-out overhaul & minor content changes: May 10th 2016"
,Recommended,308420,13486490,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rajunah,"This has turned to be a very nice and pleasant suprise of the year. This game, and its Dev, deserves every single compliment that it has received. The game has grow nicely since the beginning of the early access. More Bosses add, monsters, items, dungeons, more rogue, more difficulty....The game still receives update, meaning , at least for me, that the devs still wants to upgrade their creation....i would definitely recommend it for almost any price. This is the best indie game of the year.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Setember, Early access:What can i say??? This is definitely the BEST early access available on steam!! Since the release the game has been updated with more content. For the fans of rogue-like games mixed with a FPS and RPG elements this game is a must have. I really recommend this game to anyone, not only the fans of the style, its turning into a epic game with hundreds of hours in replayability."
76561198001899729,Recommended,308420,17317791,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Stan,"A delicious first-person ""rogue-lite"" developed and published by Milkstone Studios.The GoodGreat fast-paced shooty action in an interesting environmentInvokes the spirit of titles such as original Doom, and - more relevantly - Hexen and HereticColourful neat graphics, decent sound effects and a likeable soundtrack that ties it all up nicelyTons of unlockable very varied characters, weapons, amulets and level-up perksRandomness! Each level is made up of preset room templates, but put together in a randomized wayItems you can ""equip"" are also randomly chosen and so are the perks you get during level up (not to mention randomly appearing room ""mutators""!)Not a single DLC and the devs are cool folks who add content with free updates <3The BadDue to the limited amount of room templates after a several dozen playthroughs it can start to feel a bit same-ySome characters might seem to heavily depend on lucking out with the upgrades (not necessarily bad thing, but I personally like to fail because *I* messed up, not because of a bad dice roll...)The standard playthrough might feel a bit shortSome minor graphical quips (darn you, level 2 walls!)The VerdictShining recommendation! If you like your shooters fast, full of circle-strafing, back-pedalling, precise aiming and filled with nasties you should definitely get this one. If on top of that, you like randomness instead of pre-set -- do not even hesitate! Either way, Ziggurat is, without question, a gaming gem!"
,Recommended,308420,15045333,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Toxia,"Easily one of the best FPS rogue-likes I've played!Imagine Binding of Isaac with the gameplay of Serious Sam in a high fantasy setting... throw in a leveling/perk system and you get Ziggurat.The Good:- Gameplay feels really nice and smooth.- Binding of Isaac rogue-like dungeon formula (you enter a room, deal with enemies, enter next room).- Unique spells and magic weapons.The Bad:- Not so deep in terms of enemy and room variety (compared to other dungeon crawler rogue-likes)- Some perks, items and characters that you really want can take many hours or pure luck to unlock.I'm recommending this to anyone who enjoys rogue-likes or action packed FPS gameplay."
,Not Recommended,308420,12653462,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,[i]Henx,"So I'm have to start out by saying that I enjoyed my time with this game well enough, but that I feel that I still need to caution potential buyers of this game by not recommending it to them. My reasoning? Well, the short answer is that the price they are asking for at $15 is too high for what you get.The long:I bought this off of the recommendation of TotalBiscut after watching his first impressions by it, and I'd say his opinions almost always line up with mine - except in this instance. I think the main problem for this is that all I did was take his first impressions into account and made assumptions I shouldn't have, and thats on me for not researching farther.One of my biggest problems with this game that I assumed based on his video was that you would be able to play for as long as you could manage with your character. I was surprised to find that it had an end, that you could ""beat"" the game. Now, ordinarily that wouldn't be a problem, but in this case I found that it was because I felt very disappointed when I discovered how short a successful playthrough actually is (About an hour, in my case). I liked what I had going with my character, and I was having fun with him. Yet, much to my dismay, found I had to stop playing with him after only 5 levels. I hadn't even encountered one of the 4 weapon types, alchemical, yet. So when I defeated the last boss, I thought, can I continue? Can I do New Game+? Continue and restart on a harder difficulty? Or at least just let me continue wandering through random dungeons to see how far I could get? But none of those options were available to me.So upon completing I received some unlocks for completing certain achievements. Interestingly, some of them were perks that I might have a chance to use upon leveling up in my next run. And there is where I have another problem with the game. Not so much that I can unlock things, like new characters with slightly differing abilities forcing you to play one way or another, but that I realized as a result of this that the game is built with ""sideways replayability"". What I mean by that is that most of the game's content is centered around the idea that you play many many times, and that each time your start may be a little different and the number of things you have a chance of upgrading your character with expands as you play. This may be fine for some people, but to me it just means that my individual runs' fun factor are severely reduced. Giving you more things to play with over time is fine, but starting you out with a very basic set of possible upgrades and expecting you to grind to have the chance to see others is not, especially when you can't continue for very long even when you get lucky enough to get the perfect build lined up.I suppose this style of replayability would be fine enough were there more variety in both weapons available and enemy types to fight, maybe even level designs if we are lucky. But After playing through around 5 runs, each with a different character, I am already pretty fatigued. It very quickly became a matter of seeing the same thing over again and using the same exact set of weapons, which in themselves are not all that varied to begin with. And what is my incentive to keep playing? To maybe get lucky and get really far? Well no, that's not even possible, so I cant play with that as my goal. To obtain more starting characters? Well they really aren't that different and basically just force you to use a certain weapon type for the most part... What about the new perks you are getting? Well again, a) you have to rely on chance just to have the option to use them in the first place, and b) then why do you really care if you already know the ceiling is so low? It doesnt really matter if you get a really fun build together, because you wont have a chance to use it for long!Heres what I would have like to see from this game instead: A larger, more varied enemy pool. More weapons to have access to (How about some actual cool spells to cast, like a flamethrower, or a thunder cloud, or a frost blast? Call me old fashioned, but I wasn’t expecting the only weapon “spells” that would be available to you to just be pea shooters of differing colors where some have dots and some shotgun out more than others). More level variety - for example, not once did I run into a room that had both enemies AND traps in it at the same time. More options or variations on starting characters that make them actually feel different. And probably most importantly, let me play the “long game”! I want to see how far I can make in one go. The game could easily allow you to continue after you “beat” it, and then maybe allow you to unlock things as you go instead of forcing you to restart completely.All in all, as much as I’m beating up in this game, its still fun. I just don’t want people to get the wrong idea and make it out as “the perfect new rouge-lite” as it seems many have been doing. So I haven’t even talked about its strengths, but that’s because I’ve talked long enough. Check out more positive reviews to see that, but just be warned, you may not end up getting enough bang for your buck in this one.EDIT: I'm aware that they have since added endless mode. It was not there on initial release at the time of my review. Considering I have no desire to play this game any longer, I will not be revisiting how it affects the game. I would reccomend watching or reading a more up-to-date review than my own should you be curious about this game."
,Recommended,308420,11746634,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Ggdograa,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEWThis is a bit bare bones in terms of content at the moment, but holy crap on a stick is it fun. It's like a mix of Hexen and Serious Sam with Roguelike elements as well. It could do with being a bit more difficult and I'd really like to see more floors, weapons and enemy types. At the moment it will probably take you 30-40 minutes to finish the entire thing, but there's lots to unlock and experiment with, so there is a bit of replayability at least.Can't wait to see the fully finished version.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7bQc-Z0VZI"
,Recommended,308420,16882605,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"For every apprentice that enters the labyrinth of chaos and torment, the question isn't ""Do you fear death?""The question is ""Would it bother you to have your soul ripped into thousands of pieces and cast into limbo?""From what I assume, becoming a sorcerer (even a lowly one) can involve pacts with foul demons, bargains with merchants of questionable reputation, and agreements with some straight-up nasty people. In short, when evil comes to collect, you better be damn sure you've become the Ultimate Wizard by then.But for us at home playing Ziggurat, there are no questions. We don't want to die, because then we lose all of our stuff and have to start over. Honestly, I can't understand how the rogue-lite has become so popular. I'm from the old-school, and by that I mean Dragon Quest and Final Fantasy, not Wizardry and Rogue. I'm not used to failure when it comes to RPGs or games with RPG elements. I like holding onto game-saves, even when I haven't played the game they belong to for decades. When I bought Ziggurat, I was expecting an FPS adventure with RPG elements, and nothing more.Oops?It's not by choice that I play rogue-lites. I think it's because I keep getting tricked into buying them. Oh well. Ziggurat is a great game, with a good balance of challenge and entertainment. Unlike a number of titles, Ziggy delivers a focused experience. By that I mean you're not going to be drowning in fluff. Survival isn't a matter of loading up on relics, so that every step you take summons thousands of poison-soaked exploding buzz-saws. Survival is almost entirely dependent on your reflexes. You're expected to dodge hundreds of thousands of projectiles, but you don't get any cool tricks like a quadruple-jump or an invincible back-flip. Your weapons never get +1 to awesome or +2 to more awesome. Your survivability is determined by how many fireballs you don't take to the face. It's a concept as old as time, but tends to feel novel when compared to some other rogue-lites.That isn't to say that there's no incentive to leveling. With every level-up you're given a choice of two perks. Oft-times, this choice is merely to decide which perk sounds less stinky. Adapting to this constantly-changing situation is extremely important. I mean yeah, I'd love it if I got nothing but perks that gave me more health or better armor, but sometimes I have to settle for increased fire-rate on a weapon I never use. Either I suck it up and ""git gud"", or I die horribly and blame Zigguroni for my failings. Also, with every death, more perks are unlocked. This means greater variety, as well as greater chances of not getting those perks I believe are necessary to survive.Despite this randomness, Ziggurat is fairly-designed game. Seemingly every attack can be dodged, it's just a matter of avoiding overwhelming situations. For this, I recommend a good weapon. Not all spells, staves, and alchemic mixtures are created equal. I tend to get good results when my arsenal consists of:Spell - Wraith RingsStaff - Scarab Beetle or EagleAlchemy - Porcupine bombYMMVWhen the weapon isn't optimal, you may find it necessary to use the power of an amulet. These rare trinkets can perform exceptional feats like freezing every enemy in the area. They're found in heavily-trapped rooms and have to be recharged. It's usually worth the trouble, but if you're truly overwhelmed, a brief respite probably won't turn things around. At least your apprentice's hit-box is small enough to make those tight projectile dodges. However, when it comes to melee and AOE attacks, I believe they're a little too effective. It always feels like I'm a good few feet away from an explosion or the swing of a sword and I still take damage. The final boss can create fire that rains from the sky. Sometimes its like no matter where I stand I'm getting hurt.All in all, Ziggurat is a fine game to lose a dozen or more hours to. It's a well-designed infusion of fast-paced FPS action. The number and variety of perks & spells help to keep every play-through interesting. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to get back to work on my pyramid. When my time comes, I expect to keep my stuff. Besides, I think I'll need an additional life-time or four if this backlog is ever going to get finished."
,Recommended,308420,12638479,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Apgalen,"If you like first person shooters and/or roguelites, you need this game.As many others have said, it plays like Heretic and Hexen with weapons reminiscent of those games. You kill enemies to earn experience, level up and earn passive skills that make you more powerful.The five floors in the game can be cleared in 40 minutes to an hour, and the different characters, skills and weapons you pick up every time make for a wide variety of runs.Replayability is huge. You're almost guaranteed to unlock a new skill or a weapon every time you play, whether you die on the third floor or kill the final boss, which makes for those classic ""just one more run"" moments. The ability to save and quit between floors is a great recent addition too.I normally don't write reviews, but I felt this deserved one."
,Recommended,308420,32347926,Posted: 11 June,all,Artibius,"PROS:+ nice cartoonish aesthetic+ no two runs are the same+ TONS of unlockable items+ each run helps you progress+ fun gameplayCONS:- UI doesn't update key binding changes- gets repetitive in longer sessionsComment:The game is build around randomly generated levels where you need to find a key before you can fight the boss. After defeating the boss you progress to the next level. There are 5 levels total on Normal. Experience is gained by XP gems that monsters drop so you want to clear all rooms to level up the most. Also secret, treasure and danger rooms grant special items. Most weapons have a nice feel to them and are fun to shoot. The gameplay actually seems like a mix of Serious Sam (shooting, enemies) and Binding of Isaac (permadeath, new unlocks after every run, maps). Unlocks are lore, bestiary, items (perks, amulets, weapons) and characters you can play. Lore is found randomly on maps while bestiary, items and characters unlock as you play. But it would be nice to have a menu that shows you what skills and perks each character has instead of having to go into the game to find out. Very important is health management as that is only regenerated through health vials dropped by enemies or by perks. You do not carry over items, each run starts from scratch. After each death/victory you get rewards based on how many levels you finished. Overall a really fun shooter game that makes each run count and you'll spend a LOT of hours in it trying out all the various items it has to offer.P.S.:Noteworthy early perk is Wrecking Ball which can go up to level 5, you gain life by destroying objects and it helps a TON. Later you will get better perks and new characters who come with their special perks.------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
,Recommended,308420,30987466,Posted: 6 April,all,Malignity,"Ziggurat managed to keep my attention, and each run felt unique enough that I was happy about spending time on it.If you want to enjoy the game, I highly recommend playing on Easy. On Normal or above, one tough room can torpedo a good run. Oftentimes enemy shots are too tough to dodge, and health refills can be scarce. Turning it down to Easy will lessen the frustration of unfair encounters.Although Ziggurat lacks a strong metagame and it sometimes suffers from difficulty issues, it's still one of the most enjoyable roguelike games I've played. The magical atmosphere, otherworldly color scheme, and randomized floor layouts create a highly compelling experience. If you enjoy challenging games like Dark Souls and Spelunky, Ziggurat will easily cast a spell on you. Fans of both roguelites and first person shooters looking for a new takes on the genres should look into Ziggurat."
76561198006369201,Recommended,308420,12602798,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Smeggit,A beautiful game with addictive game play.  Lots of weapons and perks give it very good replay value (at the time of writing this I have 99 hours in the game).  Highly recommended.
76561197994641567,Recommended,308420,12758986,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Zen Tractor,"This game is so good on so many levels.First up: what it is.  It's a first person shooter rogue-lite.  You get set into a dungeon with not much but a wand of piddly little magic missiles and set to fight your way through the floors.  There's a boss guarding the exit to each floor, and when you switch floors you can save and quit, but there's no way to save mid-floor.  Floors will take you between 7-14 minutes to clear for the first level, but get bigger and more complicated as you progress.The game it reminds me most of is actually The Binding of Isaac.The weapons are hugely varied, and all bar one of them are great fun to use.  And I'm sure I just haven't gotten the hang of the last one yet.  The way the weapon system works, with a limit of three different types of weapons (plus the wand), and shared ammunition for each type forces some great gameplay, deciding which of your weapons to use in which circumstances, and how much mana to save for the boss is great fun.  And whenever you come across a new weapon that replaces one you have, it's never a straight upgrade, there's always a trade off.  Sure, this one might do more damage up close, but that one freezes enemies solid so they can't attack you.  You have to judge which is more valuable for you: a little bit of control or faster damage.  And do your other weapons change that choice?Enemy types are similarly varied, and each class usually has a certain strategy that you can utilise to most effectively kill them.  This gets particularly fun when you come across enemies that require you to stay close to alongside ones you have to stay away from, and you find yourself stuck between two very painful places.The unlocks come at a great pace, enough to keep you interested, but not so fast as to overwhelm.  You have plenty of time to get good with the weapons, amulets and characters you've unlocked as you go.Within each run there is a great sense of progression.  You start off terribly weak and mana-starved, but if you make it to the third floor (an achievement unto itself) then you find that you have a huge arsenal of strengths.  But you can still die if you make a few too many mistakes.I am also a fan of the upgrade mechanics.  Finding raw damage enhancers is rare, and they usually come with a downside.  The most common way of increasing your damage output is through attack speed, but more attacks cost more mana, so that's not ideal either.So is the game good?  Yes!  It's fantastic.  You run about on your adrenaline high, shooting colourful bolts of magic at creepy monsters until either they or you keels over.  You will need to be good to progress, but you have so many reasons to keep getting better.Easily one of my favourite games of this year."
,Recommended,308420,13126808,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,jvdgoot,"Yes, rogue-likes with procedurally generated levels are a dime-a-dozen on Steam. What Ziggurat offers however, is an incredibly whimsical, cartoonish, artstyle combined with good old Hexen/Doom-inspired gameplay. Yes, you can actually dodge projectiles and enemies are big and noticeable!The flow of new stuff to discover and play with is well paced and there are good incentives to try particular playstyles to unlock new things.The writing is a bit eh, on the “lol random” end of things but nothing that can’t be ignored with a roll of the eyes. It’s super fun and cheap! Heartily recommend."
76561197988077759,Not Recommended,308420,13072822,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,danny_maland,"To be clear, my recommendation is ""No"" because the choice is binary and I wouldn't say ""Yes.""In reality, my recommendation is ""Maybe."" There are plenty of people who like this kind of game - I'm just not one of them.The game does look good, and the enemies do indeed have a range of visual and behavioral styles. Especially in the area of the game's adversaries, I think the developers have done well. They've created hostile NPCs that are more than just damage sponges. Each enemy type has a distinct and quickly recognizable pattern of attack and defense. This creates opponents with signature styles, and in doing so, recalls the excellent design of classic games.The problem, though, is that distinctive enemies are not enough to overcome the game's central premise. A central premise that is also Ziggurat's fatal flaw:The entire game is, essentially, a ""Luck-Based Mission"" with permadeath as the penalty for bad luck.Such a central premise can theoretically be done well. If the basic combat is incredibly fun, for instance, then a restart might not be so bad. If that really fun combat takes place in enormously varied environments, then that's even better.Ziggurat fails to adequately deliver on either count. The combat is certainly good, but it's still too simplistic to hold up the entire experience on its own. The randomly chosen rooms differ from each other, but not enough to truly keep you guessing as to what you might find next.Another problem is that ""Luck-Based"" is applied to pretty much everything. You can learn to be better at combat, but you can't really learn from your mistakes in terms of character build. That is, the weaponry you encounter and the perks you can add to your ""skill tree"" are randomized. As such, you can figure out what works for your play style...but you'd better enjoy it while it lasts, because you might not be able to get your hands on that combination of weapons and perks again.Ziggurat isn't a bad game, but I just didn't find it engaging enough to offset its high cost of failure and the lack of any meaningful, repeatable gameplay choices."
,Recommended,308420,12689155,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"Ziggurat is a FPS rougelite game made by Milkstone studios. Surprisingly, the other game of theirs that I played, little racer street, I didn't like much. Reguardless, this is probably the best FPS rougelite on the market right now.In Ziggurat you are dropped in a... well, Ziggurat. Which is simply a massive step pyramid with several layers. You travel through and try and complete as many levels as you can before you die, which is pretty common with rougelites/likes. One of the more interesting things about this game though, is not only do you start out with a base weapon, you get a random, more interesting weapon at the beginning and every new floor as well. With 4 weapon slots, one for your normal, one for your spells, one for your alchemy weapons, and another that I don't actually know what its called. It seems to be filled with staffs, so its probably for that. Anyway, once you get enough weapons the combat is very diverse. And even in the beginning you have 2 weapon choices, which makes it plenty of fun at the beginning.The level up system and the enemy variation add plenty of reason to continue play. There are several different passive affects you can add to your character that will help you as you level, and keep things fresh. The enemy type is extremely varied and forces you to change your combat style every room. Keeps things fresh and fun on every run. There are also a ton of unlockables to keep you playing even after you've beaten the game, including 10(?) playable characters.The art style is a cartoony high fantasy style which I enjoy. Reminds me of a Fable or Kingdoms of Amular, that sort of artstyle. I think it fits the game well and the interface is done quite well too.If I had a complaint, it would probably be that I found it a bit too easy, at least so far. Roguelites/likes should have you spending hours learning the intricacies of the game and finding proper builds and weapons that work best for you. In this particular game though, I found myself beating the full game with one character in less than 3 hours. To me, that means your game needs some more meat. It has a lot, but I think it could use more difficulty.Now I don't hate the game at all, I love it. I think its one of the better roguelites I've played in quite a while. I would have loved to see more than 5 levels though. Anyway, one of my favorite roguelites I've played recently and you should definitely pick it up if you enjoy the genre. 15 bucks, or 12.74(its current price) is a steal for this very fun FPS rougelite.Pros:-Shooting-Enemy variety-4 weapon slots with different mana pools-Save between levels-Art Style-Leveling system adds variation to runs-Good graphics/PC optionsCons:-Base game can be too easy-Too short(Only 5 levels)Buy At Full Price"
,Recommended,308420,12605379,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Hobbes,"""This game made my wand shiny and long."" - An unknown wizard in training after completing his trial""My fireballs became gigantic!"" - Junior summoner who survived the zigguratSo. Ziggurat. How do I sum it up, in short, it's Hexen. Given a coat of paint, made modern, put in a pseudo-random roguelike coat of armour and sent trundling out into the world. You pick a class (initially one, but there's a ton of unlockable classes which add a wide range of variety and options) and you enter the ziggurat, a five (or six in hard mode) floor chock full of things to kill, loot to gather, and levels to gain. You'll pick up a variety of interesting weapons which depending on what you find will define your playstyle, and you'll grab level up perks and various boons and debuffs which will customise your experience with each run. As is normal for a roguelike, when you die, that's it, your score is totted up, and you're sent back to the beginning.So, is it any good?Oh god is it good. Seriously, stop reading, go to the buy button, press it, smear money on your screen, buy it now. Buy it this instant, no, really, I'm not kidding. If you loved Hexen, or Heretic, you do not need to read any further, if you love old school FPS games, you do not need to read any further, if you love hard FPS games which do not involve regenerating health and re-introduce the concept of circle strafing (because you'll be doing a lot of that), then you do not need to read any further.The graphics are lush and detailed, with plenty of enemy variety now, there's skeletons, slimes, goblins, orcs, demons and carrots, yes, carrots. Carniverous blighters that will eat your eyeballs given half a chance. The enemies do a decent enough job, the AI is simple, but effective, melee mobs will charge at you and wail on you, ranged mobs will hang back and shoot at you. There's enough going on that you're never given much peace once the room locks down and the arena for that given room is up and running, and the room layouts are varied with enough visual detail and variation that you won't get bored. These are places you will enjoy roaming through, the ziggurat is well textured and the tileset has a nice feel to it, the connecting corridors are more than just bolt-ons that connect the rooms together, they have incidental detail too, and on occasion come complete with traps to catch out the unwary.Sound is reasonable, it does the job, the weapons are meaty enough, the creatures are varied in their noises, and the background incidentals are all fine and well, there's some background music when it's needed but this is not a game that drowns you in sound, it's there, it does what it needs to do, that's about the size of it. Gameplay however is -stellar-, the controls are tight and responsive, shooting feels satisfying and tactile, and there's a pleasing feel to all the spells available, you'll quickly find favourites and ones you detest, and you'll grit your teeth if you get a bad draw, but you'll jump for joy if you get the ones you want.The bosses put in a reasonable show, each having their own quirks as well as being solid bullet sponges and being a good test to ensure that you do know how to avoid big nasty fire as it comes heading your way, the challenge really ramps up in the last couple of floors, with damage coming thick and fast and specific builds coming into their own (hint : bloodlust).The sheer variety of classes, coupled with perks and the number of additional features the developers have crammed in over the life of early access (the number of weapons now is something like 28 or so split over the three types - spell, stave and alchemy) such as challenge rooms, shrine rooms, trap rooms, obelisks and so on, and the additional decorations and incidental detail, the developers clearly made this a labour of love. This is the game they -wanted- to make, and it shows.In short, if you have a love for shooters, particularly if you have any recollection of Hexen or Heretic, you owe it to yourself to buy this game, you will not regret it. This Tiger approves, and will see you in the tower, best of luck."
,Recommended,308420,12604923,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Fire Woven,"Ziggurat is another of those ""rouge-lite"" games that've become so popular lately. Fortunately, it's a damn good one. I'm sure by now you know what it is, you're reading a Steam review after all, but I'll tell you anyway.You play a young wizard, who is now challenging the deadly Ziggurat, a a monster infested dungeon complete with traps, secret rooms, altars to the old gods, treasure chests, and bosses.The game is fairly simple, you start with a wand and one random weapon from one of three varieties (staff, spell book, or alchemic device), and you have to find the boss key, kill the boss, and leave. All while staying alive through room after room of the many hostile inhabitants.You level up by collecting the ""knowledge gems"" left behind by slain enemies. Leveling up allows you to select one of two randomly picked cards, these cards provide a myriad of bonuses, such as instantly healing half of your full health, increasing the amount of goodies enemies drop, or gambling a permanent 25% of your maximum life with death in order to heal and recharge your three mana bars.With characters, weapons, and cards to unlock, and three seperate difficulty settings, I'm sure this game can keep you entertained for a long time."
,Recommended,308420,12679691,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Gitorian,"If you like first person shooters and/or roguelites, you need this game.As many others have said, it plays like Heretic and Hexen with weapons reminiscent of those games. You kill enemies to earn experience, level up and earn passive skills that make you more powerful.The five floors in the game can be cleared in 40 minutes to an hour, and the different characters, skills and weapons you pick up every time make for a wide variety of runs.Replayability is huge. You're almost guaranteed to unlock a new skill or a weapon every time you play, whether you die on the third floor or kill the final boss, which makes for those classic ""just one more run"" moments. The ability to save and quit between floors is a great recent addition too."
,Recommended,308420,13104263,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Porkfried,"I rarely write Steam reviews, but I must praise this game.We get showered in updates that provide what could easily be parted out as DLC for free. The gameplay is tight and challenging but it's also fair and fun.If you enjoyed Heretic/Hexen or a roguelike I can't recommend this enough. It doesn't have starvation and the more ""tabletop"" aspects of a roguelike, but it does pretty well at capturing the essence of resource management. The insanely cool random perk system means that you have to make interesting decisions every time. The different wizards are amusing ways to change your approach to the game.Stop reading and buy it already!"
,Recommended,308420,15657810,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Deadjack,"""WILL YOU CHALLENGE THE ZIGGURAT ?""The twisted son of Hexen and Binding of Isaac.But let me explain your adventure apprentice...The plot:Your are a wizard and you must find a way through the Ziggurat, an old pyramid filled with creatures and vanquish the guardian that waits at its top. This is the only way out, if you succeed, your masters will give you access to unlimited powers but if you fail... your bones will join the pile of those who tried before you.The layout:Ziggurat is a ""rogue-lite"" first person shooter mixed with rpg elements. You can choose different wizards with their own skills. From the Apprentice, the well balanced to the Alchemist expert of explosions or the Vampire with more health but cursed by his origins... You can find the one that suits your tastes.Ziggurat fights acts around weapons, shown as wands (the basic one cost no mana), scepters (in general fast and versatile), spell books (more specific but powerful), or alchemical devices (in general can be compared to explosives with bigger area of effect).Your ammo are different colors of mana that you can loot in containers or on dead enemies. Green for scepters, blue for spell books, and orange for alchemy.In fact you will find everything that made the glory of old shooters such as Quake, Doom or Hexen.The only difficult thing is that not every weapon is easy to use or effective. Add to that the fact that many wizard have preferred mana, quite often you will have to be lucky to find the appropriate weapon.The learning curve is slow and difficult, be prepared to face many failure in front of your enemies.By talking about enemies, they are powerful, numerous, and ... they look like pokemons!Frankly, it's the only game i've played where even if you rant quite often, you find monsters funny and cute.Like the carrots that runs toward you like berserkers, the living group of mushrooms, or the slimes who seems to smile at out ...Movements and perfect use of your weapons are necessary to beat them. Ziggurat is a hardcore game where fights are tight and requires skill. Every monster have spells that can reach you in many ways, so in general if you meet a new monster, you will have to get how to dodge his attacks and be able to land your hits without wasting your ammo/mana.In fact this is the most difficult aspect of the game. Because dodging is already hard but keeping mana pools enough filled to fight all the way is another story.To help you in your adventures you will be able to collect experience crystals on enemies and gain levels. Each level gives you more health and let you choose between 2 cards. Each can give you new skills to help you in your fights.You can even choose between 3 cards instead of 2. Cards gives you more mana, more health or special skills such as telekinesis to get exp crystal from afar or reduce cost when you use a weapon. There are tons of cards to find and it's a real pleasure to discover new ones.Each characters has a ""deck” of skills that you can upgrade with the new cards you find.It's automatic, but even if you die every runs into the Ziggurat makes you stronger, you can get new heroes as well depending of what you've done into the Ziggurat (you have to find the way to unlock them).Add to that talismans, they give beneficial effects such as protections, manas or health.You can find them in special rooms where you have to move across traps to reach a treasure.Some characters can even start with a talisman or cards can give you the choice to get a talisman or change the one you already have.This won't be too much to face the bosses of Ziggurat... in fact they remind me those of Painkiller.With less health, you still have to run, jump, shoot like a devil. They have few attacks but in general they can spawn enemies around them. If you consider that nearly all of the bosses have attacks with area of effects... you can already guess that bosses fights are really hard. 3 different bosses per levels.To finish all level are random generated, you can (you need to !) find secret rooms to get cards and know some funny facts about Milky stone, or you can use God altars to bet health, mana or nothing to get bonuses or afflictions.To conclude:Ziggurat is an excellent game. A perfect example of a rogue-lite shooter, the kind of game for real gamer. Beautiful, deep, hard as hell and with weird monsters. It will keep you busy for a while.The only bad aspect is maybe the lack of accuracy during jumps or some rooms wich are horribly difficult to manage during tight fights. Like some rooms with stairs everywhere or when you run and get stuck in door frames!Or some wizard who are just ""cooler"" than the others, such as the Novice. She is the best, in my humble point of view.So ""WILL YOU CHALLENGE THE ZIGGURAT ?""N.B: The replay value is very high, dozen of hours to master every weapons, characters, monsters bosses. Maybe one of the most interresting shooters on steam in 2015.Plus they've added during 2015 summer: daily challenges, new monsters, 4 new bosses (the Carrot Boss is here !!!), new characters and perks. So don't hesitate and GO FOR IT !"
,Recommended,308420,12042998,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Rafael M.,"Do you remember the game Heretic? Do you enjoy roguelikes? If so, this game is for you!Ziggurat is all about skill. Unlike some roguelikes, luck is a minor factor here. Perks will help you in your adventure, but what really matters is the way you play. The lost art of circle strafing is back!Game consists in find a book that will spawn the boss of that floor. Once you get in a room full of monsters, you can't escape! Defeat all and keep searching. Levels are randomly generated. Each run is unique and full of things to discover.After each match, you'll unlock new upgrades that can be found in hidden rooms or when you'll level up. There's a lot of replay value - the more you play, more perks become available. If your performance is good enough, you'll unlock new characters.Graphics are amazing and soundtrack fits well the dark fantasy setting. Like said before, it's like Heretic, and has a Quake feel too.Even when Ziggurat was on Early Access it was great and full of features. Also, I've never found any bug. If you need talk with the devs, they're very active on forums and always are ready to help the community.I recommend this game if you like a fast-paced FPS and a tough challenge!"
76561198173606567,Recommended,308420,31348425,Posted: 24 April,all,KeinSchiesse,"Ziggurat is a fun ""procedurely-generated"" roguelike FPS with weapons which remind of the Heretic / Hexen series, and cool, lighthearted enemy designs akin to something you'd see in a Pixar film.The sound effects are well done, however I do prefer to turn off the repetitive music (and perhaps play internet radio in a separate window instead, etc..)The gameplay itself is varied in the sense that as you explore the levels you find new weapons and upgrade your health, mana (ammo) or various other mutator effects the player selects as they level up (ie broken boxes in the environment yield health, or increased fire rate etc) however If I had one gripe it's that the environments can be very repetitive (though that is inherent to the gameplay style...)Those expecting melee combat will be disappointed, as the game is primarily a shooter and the mage's various staves embody ""shooting types"" similar to that genre ie a 'machinegun' rate of fire gun, a grenade launcher / AOE, a triple shot spread etc. All weapons have an alt fire which adds some variety. The level bosses can be a bit brutal (as they should be, they're bosses...) however I think their difficulty was patched to be more forgiving.."
,Recommended,308420,12619458,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Just a Walnut,"http://youtu.be/JK6clRDBwzQFirst person shooter rogue-like games are absolutely rubbish, mostly due to the lack of polish and performance. They are usually clunky and under perform in every instance, but Ziggurat has blown that whole misconception out of the water. This nicely polished game has been developed by the independent team over at Milkystone studios and they have struck gold with the development of this title.Ziggurat came up out of the blue for me and I absolutely love that, being able to trawl through the steam store and finding gems like this is fantastic. With all the flaws steam has it redeems itself with creating a platform for indie developers to showcase their games.You take control of a character that possess different abilities which aid you through your adventure or disadvantage you in some cases. As with most rogue-like games the difficulty scales upwards when you venture deeper into the dungeon, enemies become more complex and you need to formulate strategies to progress or with WILL die. The game revolves around magic which makes for a great foundation for a rogue-like. Exploring deeper into the dungeon you find perks that enhance your character, examples include, increasing mana pools, health, damage or speed, finding secret rooms, sacrificing resource for luck or other resources.  The amount of customization of your character is endless which makes for amazing replayability.The levels are randomly generated like most rogue-like titles are. Venturing through these dungeons you can come across any number of rooms such as; labyrinths, trap rooms, secrets and other mysterious encounters. Finding secrets is one of the most thrilling things you can do in any rogue-like, but in Ziggurat finding secret rooms reward you with perks that are usually only obtainable through levelling up which just adds to the enjoyment or frustration when you eventually die and lose everything that you had.Ziggurat also has some puzzle and platforming elements which are actually integrated pretty well into the title. Discovering a lava room with some moving platforms makes the player realize that this game is not all about killing monsters and obtaining loot, but more of a mental challenge as well.Having enemies with depth and varied abilities is almost a staple in any great rogue-like game, this demands the player to tackle the room in different ways to counter the enemy types. No one play through will ever be the same due to this feature. Enemies range from murderous carrots all the way to giant blue blobs which will devour you if you’re stupid enough to approach it.When entering the dungeon you are given a stock standard wand that does suffice for the first level or two, but the game really starts to get interesting when you need better weapons for the upcoming fights; so you desperately look in every last corner for weapons and spells that will make you so much stronger than you were before.  The mana pool is in 4 separate parts; purple, orange, blue and green. These colours represent what kind of damage is dished out by the different weapons that use the respective mana pool. MANA is depleted extremely fast which makes for some daring decisions to run head on into enemies to grab that extra mana that is needed for you to use your magic.The game looks amazing; the texture quality of pretty much everything has this kind of cartoony feel about it, but it also has a great feel and atmosphere towards it. The model design is quite good also, having many close encounters with the enemies you can see that the design quality is very high and this is something that usually falls behind when talking about FPS Rogue-likes, but Ziggurat pulls it off quite nicely.Finding loot is probably the most exciting part of the game. Finding items and perks for the first time always creates mystery to the run. Being able to apply different weapons to your strategy and rotation makes you play differently in every room. The weapons feel awesome, the weight and different specifications of each spell and weapon makes for a good time.If you’re into FPS or rogue-like games you should definitely check out this title even if it’s just for the innovation alone, you will not be disappointed. The mixture of great level design, graphics, sound quality and great loot really makes for a fun experience."
76561198017081960,Recommended,308420,13311637,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Bread,"It's the rather short (usually 45 minutes to 1 hour) runs with its simple gameplay in which almost everything is randomized that keep Ziggurat fresh and enjoyable whenever you feel like throwing a porcupine bomb in a carrot's face.The gameplay is rather simple (dodge and shoot!) but spiced up by weapons that behave completely different, ranging from one shooting like a shotgun freezing enemies to bombs that shoot poisonous spikes in all directions upon impact. Combine these varied weapon types with perks ranging from rather basic improvements to others that change your whole style of play and you'll have a lot of interesting runs thrown at you.The fact that weapons and perks are randomized might rub you the wrong way if you take this game too seriously or if you want it to be more of an action RPG than a rogue-lite. For everyone else though this just means that you'll have to adapt to what the game is giving you in order to succeed.TL;DR:- It has varied weapons that are fun to use and interesting perks.- It's very randomized. Not recommended if you easily get mad at the RNG gods.- It gets updatedveryfrequently with big amounts of content(like every 1-2 weeks so far!)- Carrots!"
,Recommended,308420,13265708,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,SesquipedalianSnek,10x better than Paranautical Activity! (with no death threats!)
76561198070591452,Recommended,308420,24715335,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Ejl,"Spoiler free review!This is a game that i came back to every once in a while. My playing hours aren't exactly big, but the game is really short, but awesome fun. Every playthrough is different. you can hold 4 weapons at a time which also change a lot from game to game. There's dozens of weapons in each of the 3 categories that are randomized. The first one is always your wand, other categories are: Spell, Wand, Alchemy.Levels and bosses are also randomized, except the last one of course. There's a good selection of different characters, requiring different tactis, for example the Vampire loses it's health all the time, but also gains it from kills, so you have to keep the speed up on clearing the levels.In addition to levels and weapons being random, so are the perks you get from level-ups, making the run more interesting since you can't really decide much how you build yourself. And every perk isn't always good for your current character/playstyle, you have to adjust.Bosses are the weakest link in my opinion, it don't mean they're bad, just the weakest part ;) I've had a few runs with very bad luck, having really bad perk/weapon luck and then meeting a certain bosses too early, that was just impossible. I couldn't do enough damage at all when adds just kept spawning and spawning, or the whole room was on fire and there was nowhere left to go anymore (yep, i lost the dps-race). But those are the joys of roquelike-games? :)I can definitely recommend this game! It's great fun, lots of interesting weapons/perks, and really fast paced combat with interesting effect on gameplay depending on the character you choose."
76561197972445514,Recommended,308420,13255951,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Hellbishop,"ZIGGURAT a magical mystical menacing and miraculously surreal meditative gaming experiance. A work as mysterious as its name with levels which constantly change promising with graphical ecstacy the banishment of boredom the blessing of gaming euphoria.ZIGGURAT is like a Zen like experiance where level design, art and soothing audio come together to deliever a gaming experiance harking back to games of old such as Raven Software's HERECTIC and HEXEN while feeling current yet timeless.You play in the first person leveling up and opening up the choice to use different characters with their own skill sets once you progress far enough. As you level up you will recieve what seems like an infinite amount of perks in the form of cards randomly offered by the game world. Most of the time you will have the option of selecting one of two cards granting you different powers. Other times you can choose cards which allow you more then two choices.There are also statues of ancient gods who will bless you in trade for some of your health,mana etc. Some times though gods being gods you will get nothing or even something negative for your troubles. Along with this is a huge selection of powerful mystical looking weapons. From staffs, bombs and even guns ZIGGURAT like everything else it does knows the meaning of variety with joyful abandon.The world of ZIGGURAT exists in randomly created dungeons which are beautifully designed with plenty of colour and ambient lighting alive with many a lethal trap making combat a fantasy thrill seekers delight while bringing a amazing soothing surreal meditative calm between battles as one gazes upon the suddenly very peaceful gorgeous setting as haunting ageless music plays in the background. Its like listening to a spiritual harp touching the soul making one reflect on the positive setting the player up for some fun battles at any moment. There are many secret areas to be discovered in the environment which is very destructible with collapsing walls hiding hidden locations. Candles can be snuffed out by running past them, books destroyed and scattered to the winds, huge Atlas like statues shattered etc.The monsters are quite bizzare looking as if made for a childrens game yet once i fought against them i learned to fear them as if they were creations of some demented mushroom garden or psychotic Dr. Seus story. They really fit in and compliment the labyrinthian and maze like dungeons of ZIGGURAT adding a sense oddness and of being off kilter with the normal like a HP Lovecraft story.Milkstone Studios are unstoppable with their genius creativity and inspiring work ethic as they keep working on their beautiful child ZIGGURAT with each new almost daily update transforming it to an even more of a action packed fun filled stunner making me think to myself, ""Wow i would have never thought of that"" :)Buy ZIGGURAT and enjoy a mix of explosive action and meditative tranquility rarely scene in this fps fantasy rogue mixture that delivers like the finest alchemical potions the most senses awakening brew of morning coffee!Thank you Milkstone Studios for the excellence."
,Not Recommended,308420,31436081,Posted: 29 April,all,Flowheat,"A good game killed by 2-3 pivotal game design mistakes:1) You need to pick up experience, ammo and health potions. And all of it dissapearsvery fast.This kills any type of strategy or tactics you can come up with. Want to stay at range? Not an option. Wanna kite? Can't do, you''ll have to run through your recently killed enemies in order to get anything.There is no store or currency, your only source of everything is the loot. And you need to pick it up or it vanishes and the pick up radius is laughable.2) All but one ranged enemies track your movement. I mean it's ok with a top-down perspective, where you canseeattacks from any angle, but not in an FPS where you can see 1/3 of the screen at best (100 POV). So even if you think you're moving erratically and fast you will still get hit. And youhave tobe surrounded by enemies because point.#1.and by the way2.1): Why is sprinting in the game? To make backtracking through rooms faster? Because enemies can alsotrack you while sprinting. I see literally zero reason to sprint in combat. In fact in my 4 hours with the game that time I beat normal difficulty i didn't sprint once.3) I've cursed every room with stairs I've got. Somehow it makes both aiming and dodging 3 times harder while slowing down the pace at the same time. Again, something top-down perspective doesnt have to worry about and I don't think Milkstone put too much thought into this; just decided that stairs are fun, let's add stairs. It made me think about old FPS  like Serious sam that had similar gameplay. Can't recall many Z-axis in areas designed for big fights. Maybe it was for a reason. And did I mention that EXP that enemies drop at the top of the stairs roll down so you can't pick it up, because every enemy in the room is at the bottom of that stairs? Yeah, talk about synergy of game desigh mistakes.To clear things up - I'm not a fan of Rogue-lites but I'm ok with the genre. I'm ok with bad item RNG (and item balance by the way), unfairly tough rooms of enemies and doomed runs. I'm not ok withnothaving fun with the game when the run goes well."
76561198005271335,Recommended,308420,14103514,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Pale Dolphin,"TL;DR: This is basically a rogue-lite version of Heretic (remember that old classic?). I strongly approve.Game's really smooth, -- at least, as smooth as you'd allow a rogue-like (or rather rogue-lite) to be at all. Graphics and the game engine itself are pretty good. Some (most, actually) of the monster animations are really simpistic, but that's not a bad thing, really (you don't expect a rogue-like to have state-of-art graphics, do you?). Most possibly, this is a first first-person rogue-lite out there too, by the way.Gameplay is really simple: you're opening door after door on a floor, killing monsters, gathering loot (new spells/weapons, new items), leveling up (and getting 1 of 2 perks each level -- Crimsonland much?). In order to transfer to the next level, you must kill the boss. In order to do that, you must locate: a) an exit (or a boss room, if you like); b) token to open it. Each floor is procedurally generated -- monsters, spells, rooms and settings are randomized. This means, every time you're starting over, you're getting a new map to explore.By dying you'll lose your progress, but as of what I've seen, there's a total of 5 levels in the dungeon, so the game's main feature is starting it over and over again -- unlocking new classes, new weapons, new items and filling the lore book with new pages -- and getting basically a new experience every time.If you're a fan of rogue-likes, or if you ever played games like Hexen and Heretic, this game certainly is a ""must play"".I'd rate this game 8.5 out of 10.0."
,Recommended,308420,11708429,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Ants-in-my-Eyes Johnson,"EDIT: Linux build is pretty much fixed right now. the only bug that is still there is the no damage bug, but theres a workaround in the forums for this.Ziggurat is a mix of oldschool-shooters like Hexen and Heretic (similar to doom) and rougelight games (Tower of guns, Paranautical activity. The windows version looks good and works like a breeze. It seems to have a lot of content like unlockable characters and weapons.BUT:The linux-version is kinda broken.On Arch Linux (stable) i ran into multiple problems that made the game unplayable for me.1. Dual monitor set-ups might break the game so you got to turn 1. of em off.2. Graphical flickering on the whole screen on any resolution over 640x4803. and worst ENEMYS TAKE NO DAMAGE. [EDIT: i found a workaround]so in the endWINDOWS-Users: BUY IT. it's great, it looks good, it plays great! rougelight fans and/or old-school shooter fans will have a great time with it.LINUX-users: if you dont mind the risk of buying a game that might not work, go ahead your experience may vary. If you do mind that, WAIT for more reviews and patches before buying.Cheers"
76561198045244712,Recommended,308420,23393083,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,"The 10,000 Year Old King","Remember those old EA Harry Potter PC games you used to play as when you were a kid? (Awnser is most likely no, but still)Well, make them a roguelite FPS game with unlockable skills, and there you go. This game eerily captures the atsmosphere of those games, and you'll feel nostalgic as f*ck while playing it.Just keep in mind this game is ball-bustingly hard at first, so expect a lot of death at first. However, with every single death, you gain at least one new skill/weapon/amulet to add to the game's item pool, so you feel like you at least accomplished something after every run.And to top it all off, there's multiple playable wizards to unlock and play as, each with some unique gimick to keep you playing.But no really, if you like wizards, FPS games, and Roguelites, this is the game for you.But hey, I only have +70 hours in this game, so what do I know?"
,Recommended,308420,12703894,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Mitthrawn,Heretic + modern graphics + roguelike elements + diverse enemies + diverse weapons + permadeath = Awesome good fun.
76561197984322112,Recommended,308420,13192542,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,[TLGS] Mario-x,"A very great game. Like a RPG Doom/Hexon.I can't think of a game where there is a varity of weapons, and all of them are great. The variety of rooms and enemies makes all 4 weapons you can carry at a time useful.  I would say the best game of the year."
,Recommended,308420,12954294,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,MonsOlympus,"I cant say enough good things about this game, such a refreshing change of pace for the FPS genre, reminiscent of games like Hexen and Heretic and the nostalgia strikes a chord on so many levels. The difficulty and pacing of the unlocks is spot on and while some runs are disasterous it only adds to the overall enjoyment knowing that if you just give one more shot. Hugely addictive and challenging on normal mode, highly recommend!"
76561198006590007,Not Recommended,308420,13800129,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,bpais008,"Positive:-Good mechanics for what content there is.-Mostly smooth functioning.-Good use of colored lighting, which is often neglected nowadays.-Very good sound / music for whats there.-Mostly interesting room layouts that make for good fast paced FPS action.Negative:-I cant get past the art direction. Every enemy and pretty much every environment texture looks like it was pulled straight out of WoW, or that it would fit perfectly in it. It gives an otherwise potentially atmospheric and gruesome game a childish, out-of-character cartoony vibe.-Essentially no environmental interaction. No ""use"" button, for instance, because there is nothing to use. No switches, no mechanisms, etc.-Essentially puzzleless. ""Puzzles"" consist of jumping onto moving platforms, which there is nothing inherently wrong with, but its not enough all by itself.-Weaponry is not differentiated enough. In addition, almost all secondary attack modes for weapons just launch a volley of the base attack projectile, or if not a volley, a bigger single projectile. Not very creative.-Lack of core level content.-The game is compared to Hexen and Heretic at times. Only superficially is it like Hexen, and while closer to Heretic, it does not capture its essence.-Randomized map layouts selecting from pre-made rooms do not qualify a game as a Rogue-anything.-Some clipping issues and strange and/or lacking collision boxes.Neutral:-Perk system needs creative elements injected into it. Its not bad, but its nothing special either. Its kinda ""standard"", and does not stand out.-The different characters need to be more differentiated at their core levels.-I feel the AI needs to be more complex; more advanced in its functioning.-I feel there needs to be a crouch button for some reason.... probably because of the FPS nature of the game. While they are at it, they mind as well throw in leaning as well (it would come in handy frequently).-Item decay is very annoying. Im not sure what that mechanic adds to the game.Coments:I had very high hopes for Ziggurat, seeing it being compared to Hexen and Heretic, and touted as a ""rogue-lite"", but after a couple hours, I became quite disappointed with the game.I remember Hexen vividly, and comparing Ziggurat to Hexen is not really appropriate except in the most superficial of ways, such as the mana system used for weapons. In that regard, yes, Ziggurat fully borrowed from Hexen. But thats pretty much it. It is much closer to Heretic, which was basically an overhauled Doom with a mystical bent added. But for some reason, battles just fall short of being interesting in Ziggurat. Maybe its the total lack of blood and gore... or believable art.Honestly I got a Serious Sam sense from the game several times, which I felt was very out of place.And I have not found many distinguishing Rogue-anything elements in Ziggurat. For anyone whose played Nethack, ADOM, or similar, expect virtually no significant resemblence whatsoever, either in actual gameplay, or in spirit. I do not think Ziggurat falls into any rogue subgenre.I am mostly bummed about the lack of rogue-anything qualities in the game. I was under the impression that it was going to be much deeper and more indepth than it turned out to be. I was also fooled by the reviews saying this game had atmosphere and great art direction. Ziggurat definitely does have atmospheric potential... but one thing that hinders that potential is the ""great art"", which doesnt particularly make me feel very immersed in the game because it breaks my suspension of disbelief that what Im seeing could actually be real. It never feels like it COULD be real... it always feels... like a cliched and trite childrens cartoon at this point.Final Thoughts:I unfortunately cannot recommend this game as its being sold, at the price it is being sold at.There is potential in this style of game... in this dungeon crawler shoot-em-up... but Ziggurat falls short of hitting the mark of a defining game for the sub-sub-genre, and instead becomes a mash-up of many different disparate genres that doesnt do any particular one of them very well.---Jan 22nd 2015 Update: Replaying Ziggurat for some hours today, I still feel the above accurately describes my thoughts on the game. I amended the positive section to say that the sound/music was very good, instead of just good. The sound team/person did a very good job.I still wish the art direction had taken a darker, more sinister route. If it had, I probably would have been able to forgive the lack of content and lack of environmental interaction if a suitably dark atmosphere was produced, and give a positive recommendation. But as it stands, I still do not recommend the game the way it is marketed (its not a rogue-anything), nor as it is touted (its neither a literal nor spiritual successor to Hexen or Heretic)."
76561198082438220,Recommended,308420,13084977,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ZiTo_HiMSeLF,"-Always a new adventure-Ziggurat is a ""rogue-like"" fps, which means the levels are randomly generated.  You are never going to have the same level twice.  Some reviews have stated it's like Heretic or Hexen.  This game is not Heretic or Hexen.  But in a world where Triple A developers are advertising their games as ""Like Skyrim but with Guns and Vehicles"" could you really blame anyone for comparing this to Heretic or Hexen?  Sure it plays similar to an old school FPS.  Secret Areas (1 per level).  Able to carry more than 2 weapons.  Just because you play as a wizard doesn't make it like Heretic.I think any fan of old school FPS will enjoy this game, it doesn't have the same strafing speed that we had in the 90's but it's definitely a fresh breath of air in a genre that has been decimated by the likes of modern military FPS.  For $15 dollars you'll get more than your money's worth.  This game could be replayed over and over again.  I think even fans of Minecraft or other Roguelike games where the world is randomly generated will enjoy Ziggurat.Overall this is one of the best indie FPS I've played all year.  (2014)  I wouldn't let it pass you by.  If you can get it on sale then great, but if not like I said, this is definitely worth the full price."
,Recommended,308420,12618563,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Mettil,"I see a lot of people saying this game is like Heretic or Hexen.  It really is, except it's much shorter, is a dungeon crawler, and has light RPG elements.  Ziggurat is one of those games where you die a lot, but every time you do, you will have learned something about enemies or what to expect from certain rooms.  Easy to learn and difficult to master.You get experience killing things and when you level up you choose a card which is basically a passive perk.  There are only 3 weapon types aside from your starting weapon but there is a fair amount of variety.  Even though there are only 5 floors to the dungeon, the longevity comes from completing the challenges required to unlock new characters.  Each character has different starting stats or an affinity with a certain kind of weapon type.  All these things add to the replay value.  There is a fair amount of skill required to finish all 5 floors but some of it comes down to luck, too.  As of this writing, I finished the game as the Novice, and while I'm eager to try out some of the new characters I unlocked, I'm already beginning to question how much longer I'll really be interested."
,Recommended,308420,26047096,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"While the roguelite FPS genre is debatably lacking quality titles,Zigguratis a worthy addition.Is it the shining jewel atop the rest? Meh, not really - but it is good fun.If you took a handfull of fairly generic modern 'roguelike' attributes and put them into a well-made FPS, you'd getZiggurat. Permadeath? Check. Persistant upgrades? Check. Perk system that can get you OP? Check. Secret rooms? Check. The problem is not whatit hasper se, it is more with an overall 'blandness' and lack of anything really fresh.Overall, I found the experience good fun and fairly addicting to keep grinding until the end. At 6 hours I finished the game once. There is still a ton of stuff to unlock. I may or may not be back.Pros:+Very solid game overall; it looks good and runs well+Persistant upgrades andtonsof unlockable stuff+It is fun, and certainly worth full priceCons:-This is one of the few games that I have come across that claim full controller support - but I found it to be terrible (XBox360 which is what is recommended); all kinds of problems - though namely you literally move slower with the controller than keyboard and mouse - I tested it-Game suffers from being overall a bit too generic; it could have benefitted from having more of its own personality-Definately grindy, so bewareI enjoyed my time withZigguratand would recommend it, but part of me felt like it could have been bigger than it actually was.If you enjoy roguelites and FPS games, pick this up."
76561198011266755,Recommended,308420,12623706,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,sothis86,"I dare to say this is probably best rogue-like fps game on market. Its also amuzing why this kind of unique experience was born so late... I mean roguelike's are already 30+years old and first person shooters 20+. There was heretic, there was hexen, few other clones later but Ziggurat is one of its kind i think. It combines best things out of both : action and pace with fantasy and randomly generated dungeons,monsters and items.Strongly reccomended for rogue-like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and people who are searching for new experiences in the boring fps world :)"
,Recommended,308420,19787921,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Audish,"First-person shooter roguelikes are one of those things that sound awesome and obvious, but are actually incredibly difficult to do well. FPSes are built around carefully-crafted encounters where enemies can present interesting challenges for the player to overcome, so randomizing those elements leaves a lot of room for missteps. Procedural generation can land you in places where enemies are mismatched against your weapons, or the level layout makes for boring firefights. The developers behind Ziggurat somehow found a way to make it all work, and wrapped it up in a clean, colorful package that is almost impossible to put down.The titular ziggurat is an ever-changing magical labyrinth that serves as the final (and potentially fatal) exam for your mage guild. Armed with only your trusty wand, you must descend through five sprawling floors of monsters and treasure to defeat the guardian and claim your place as a proper wizard. Defeating monsters (and exploring, on occasion) earns you experience that lets you pick a perk when you level up, which can range from a simple stat boost to a permanent mutator on your movement or attacks. There's a lot of space for different builds if you get the right cards, providing some welcome variety even on the same character. Speaking of which, there are a dozen different characters to unlock and choose from, each with even more dramatic differences right from the start.Fear not for your tools of destruction either, for there's also a huge assortment of weapons to find across three different archetypes. You have spellbooks, which usually have short-range shotgun-style area effects, staves, which tend to be more accurate and rapid-fire, and alchemy, which covers all sorts of guns and grenades. Every level is guaranteed to have one random weapon and you can only hold one of each type, so a big part of the strategy is forming a complimentary arsenal out of your limited, randomized options. There are also amulets that provide powerful, sporadic effects, and shrines that can provide limited bonuses in exchange for certain sacrifices. The more you play, the more perks, weapons, and amulets get added to the pool, and after a dozen hours there's still plenty more for me to find.There's plenty of variety on your end, and the enemies are designed to push your limits with it. You'll encounter two dozen flavors of fanciful, murderous creatures on each run, as well as an assortment of challenging bosses. Pretty much any attack pattern you can imagine is represented, and enemy groups can be mixed all sorts of ways. Then there are champion monsters that are faster or have special auras, and room effects that boost all damage (incoming or outgoing) or cause visual effects. Levels should take about 10 minutes each to finish, give or take depending on how much exploring you do. Part of that decision is going to be based on how you're holding up, because one bad combination of enemies can really mess you up... the rooms are all arena-style, so once you enter, you're not leaving until you wipe 'em all out.With such a huge volume of content, Ziggurat is a shooter that can last you dozens of hours. The wide variety of characters, perks, weapons, and enemy groups to use them on will keep you busy for ages, and there are difficulty levels and daily challenges on top of all that. The bright, colorful fantasy graphics and rich sound are the perfect icing on this enormous cake. If modern roguelike Heretic sounds like a good time to you, and there's no reason it shouldn't, pick this one up as soon as you can.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,308420,24052375,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Brigh Guy,This game is fantastic. The controls are smooth and the combat is fast and frantic. Very addictive gameplay loop. Go enjoy it.
,Recommended,308420,23385216,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Byxorna,"Pros:-Levels and enemies are interesting.-Controls are smooth and responsive.-Gameplay is difficult, but not cruel.-Variety of skills and abilities, but done in a way that it never becomes burdensome or confusing.Cons:-None worth mentioning.This is exactly what a polished FPS Roguelike should be. Great game."
,Recommended,308420,34595844,Posted: 29 August,all,ChrisPugh,"Anyone remember Heretic and Hexen? This game is like them, mixed with Binding of Isaac. Fast paced. Addictive. Full of surprises. It looks and runs great. I love it.I played several FPS roguelikes recently, since I was curious what the genre had to offer.  I am less interested in the fantasy setting than actual guns, and the rooms are mostly large open arenas instead of some of the more intricate map generation that other games in the genre have (Strafe, Tower of Guns).Despite that the game hooked me right as I was about to quit out of frustration after my first couple runs.  It opened things up at the exact right time to keep me going.  I also love how you can save/quit and pick up your run later, so it's great for quick sessions as well as marathoning full runs.When I beat the end boss for the first time, it unlocked a ton of new stuff and I wanted to go immediately again, which isn't typical for me even with this kind of heavily replayable game.  The visuals are very good looking but not taxing, and the water / fire effects, etc. look fantastic.I would recommend this game to anyone who likes roguelike games and was a fan of Heretic or Hexen.  Of the games in this genre I played this is by far the most fun, and has held my attention the longest."
,Recommended,308420,32829223,Posted: 26 June,all,Linus Touch Tips,"The best FPS Roguelite out there right now.Player movement in this game is very fast and fully within your control.  I love pretending that I'm a CSGO bunnyhopping pro.The game is fairly difficult, but with enough skill you can win any run I would say.  Dodging enemy projectiles is crucial to success in this game, hitting them is pretty important also.The combat is amazing and is very satisfying.  Nothin' better than throwing grenades at where the floating eyeball things ARE GOING TO BE, you know? You know.The bosses are varied and challenging.There are daily runs with leaderboards, fairly active!  I did my daily run this morning at 8 AM and ended up 65/130 or so.Every run feels meaningful; you of course get the enjoyment of the actual game, but you will also unlock more items the more you do and the further you get.  I've played 4.5 hours (SO FAR) and I've only unlocked one character, every locked character has a specific unlock condition (such as ""kill 50 walking demon carrots."")9.999999999999999999/10 i was gonna just write a meme review but it didn't feel right, GREAT GAME"
,Recommended,308420,12697523,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Valk 93,"Ziggurat is a Roguelite FPS where you play as a mage trying to make it through a magical labyrinth. The maze is divided into 5 different floors, with a boss at the end of each floor. On every floor you fight enemies, obtain loot, level up to chose perks and you try to get as far as you can. There's a base weapon every class has, and there's the 3 magic disciplines: spell, staff and alchemy. After you pick a class at the start of a new game (each with unique abilities and such) you try your best to make it through the maze.All the classes you can pick are insanely fun to play. They all have their different starting attributes, different unique base weapon (the wand) spells and different starting perks. Not one character feels boring and un-inspired. It's truly a blast to play all of them! You unlock more as you play through the game.The enemies are varied and fun, and thanks to all the different weapons / spells you have, you can pull off some combinations in combat. My favorite is a scepter that slows opponent, and then get up close with a devestating spell. There's so many weapons and combinations to try it, it's amazing! It's fun to try things out and mix magic, and the game feels responsive and there's no hardships in controlling.So combat / control wise, it's pretty much perfect. The levels all look amazing (truly, the graphics are really, REALLY pretty) though their design originally left something to be desired. Earlier, you'd often encounter the same rooms during playthroughs, sometimes even twice on the same floor, but as of the update on 6 november this has changed. A lot of new rooms have been added, now featuring floating pieces of land that you have to jump onto to get items or boss keys, rooms with huge height differences and stairs and other awesome additions! Therefore, my earlier criticism of there being too few rooms and too much of the same has been removed; level design is now great!Depending on your playstyle (amount of rooms seen, monsters killed etc) you will be given an ending to your story, which can differ per person. I got the worst ending the first time around, which left me really bummed out, but there's more endings than that luckily!Truly, this is my favorite roguelite I've played in a very long time. It's fun, satisfying and graphically beautiful. A gem!So, tl;dr:-Very fun characters to pick from-Awesome combat-Many enemies-Responsive, good controls-Pretty graphics-Level design perfect as of november 69/10"
,Recommended,308420,12627630,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,I Like Bunnies,"GENERAL TL;DR: Extremely over-stimulating. Lots of frantic running around. Very nice aesthetic style. It's like Painkiller or Serious Sam except you're a WIZARD which is much better automatically. Very fun in general.RANDOM DETAILS: It's a roguelike (or rogue-lite) which does NOT require ""grinding"" to win, although you do unlock some ""side grades"" like other skills, weapons, and classes. It took about 5 hours to win the first time on ""normal"" difficulty, and also unlock about half the unlockables. Haven't tried hard mode yet. I wouldn't have won on normal if I didn't get lucky with skill choices. I think the ""tough skin"" skill might be over powered a bit. The game is generally difficult, which is good. It also keeps track of which difficulty you've won at for EACH class, which increases replayability.COMPLAINTS are minor, and I'm mostly listing them in case the dev reads reviews: There aren't many skill choices at first (more unlock through gameplay), which feels a bit bland. The optional trap rooms usually involve platforming, which sucks in every FPS, so I ignore them. Picking up xp/items can be annoying when they're dropped in the middle of enemies who keep spawning or doing AOE attacks, since drops disapear in a few seconds. The writing is sub-par.EDIT: Removed some complaints: You can see your picked skills by pressing ""U"". The seemingly unavoidable AOE attacks from some bosses can be mostly avoided by jumping. Most hazard rooms can be sprinted through before the traps activate."
76561197970443860,Not Recommended,308420,15862173,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Glock Ranger,"The game was most fun the first time I played it. Afterwards I found the last boss to be unfair and the re-clearing of the rooms to be tedious. It looks great and is fast paced but I just don't enjoy playing it - even for a short dash.The movement and aiming is fun and very satisfying however .. how can I show my skill, kite and abuse my freeze gun if some of the enemies have a burst/leap or cannot be frozen. This results in me running in circles and firing until my ammo is empty. And believe you me, using the basic wand is as much fun as shooting a tank in BattleField with a pistol.I do understand the properties of a rouge-like game. However... most of the time I don't even have all three guns  (i.e. max equipment) or only get the ones I already have. Finding the right ammo is random. Sometimes you just cannot win.So far, I found the cards (skills or power-ups) you get for a level-up quite uninspired: more hp, more ammo, more xp, change ammo reservoirs ... I feel there was so much potential for interesting mods or trade-offs. Maybe you have to unlock them, however I don't intend to grind just to see it getting slightly better.I think it is worth a try for 50% off (7,50€). I don't really regret buying it, although I'm not happy with it.EDIT: 27.10.15After some patches I dropped by again. Still disappointed by the dull perks. Unlocked new characters, however, e.g. it says ""learns faster than others"". Instead of simply telling you the characters starts with ""scholar"" on lvl 4. The descriptions are all vague and give you no information to decide upon.Overall it feels better, maybe caused by balance patches. Still looks great. Still having no real fun with this."
,Recommended,308420,20367976,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,sere,Divine Indifference - Ziggurat bestows no excess of glory but nothing is found wanting past each victory.
,Recommended,308420,33439485,Posted: 10 July,all,Lord_Kristof,"Great, fun game which combines the vibe of Heretic with Serious Sam's gameplay in an ever-changing rogue-like dungeon. I have a few complaints, but given the scope of the game it really feels like a well balanced package all-in-all. Plus, it tends to be ridiculously cheap during Steam sales."
,Recommended,308420,24832818,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Flyinx,"If you're a fan of fast paced arena shooters, magic, upgrades from failures or successful runs, tons of weapons in three categories, plenty of characters to unlock, procedurally generated dungeons with a wonderful aesthetic, permadeath, and quite the challenge... This is the game you've been looking for.It plays like old school arena shooters where movement was fast and fluid and killing was about how well you could aim. The magic aspect adds a host of wonderful components to the game. You have four weapon types: wand, spellbook, staff, and arcane. You start with your wand and a random weapon in one category at the start of each floor. There's quite a bit of variation and I have found few weapons that feel the same.Floors are generated differently each time and I can tell you that they are gorgeous. The base ""game"" has five floors, which takes quite a while to get through before facing the final boss. Each floor has a boss at the end and random rooms that can contain shrines where you might sacrifice health or mana in exchange for random upgrades or be punished with a downgrade. Treasure rooms, puzzle/trap rooms, lore rooms, etc are all scattered throughout as well.As you kill minions and progress through the floors, you will level up. Upon level up you can select a perk that could drastically change the way you play from there on, or you might elect to refill your mana before a boss fight. You can find shrines or select perks that allow you multiple perks per level or even grant you free levels. There is a true sense of growing stronger to deal with harder enemies.The game is not easy. You will feel totally prepared to enter a room only to find out that your staff only does 50% of it's normal damage so you need to use something else to complete it effectively. Playing on easy feels like you're playing normal in other games and even then there is no hand holding.Be prepared to die over and over again."
,Recommended,308420,34420851,Posted: 22 August,all,Blesone,"Even though my playtime on this game ain't that impressive, Ziggurat owns a spot on my favorite games.The game looks decent enough being a one life (roguelike) with complex highly random mechanics such as level up perks, blessing, loot, enemies and so on. Thats the strong point of the game in my opioion. You get to choose one of the many heroes (they all have their own starting weapons and starting perks), then you jump directly into the action. There is really not much to say about this game, just a regular FPS roguelike, similar to ""The binding of Isaac"".Sadly, the game has no CO-OP/PVP or any multiplayer game mode, which for me made a pretty big difference."
,Recommended,308420,14152882,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BladeTwinSwords,"Length of Time Played: 2 HoursDistance Played: Beaten For The First TimePersonal Grade: A-Opinion of Each AspectGrading System - Outstanding, Excellent, Good, Acceptable, Poor, Horrendous, AbysmalGameplay: OutstandingStability: ExcellentStory: GoodControls: OutstandingGraphics: ExcellentMusic: AcceptableSounds: GoodDifficulty: ExcellentNotes: + (Positives), = (Small Gripes), - (Negatives)+ Addicting gameplay to keep you entertained.+ A wide range of character types to play as.+ A decent range of weapons that can be swapped when found.+ The perk system provides a different playstyle every game.+ Excellent variety of monsters and bosses.+ Endless mode for those who want to see just how long they last.+ Plenty of unlockables for extra replay value.= Some of the perks are either a big gamble or completely useless.= A few extra level themes would be nice.- The main game is way too short. There are only 5 Levels so it feels like you haven't done enough yet.- The music leaves a lot to be desired. A more atmospheric or dark theme would help."
,Recommended,308420,14605685,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"Someone has gone and dug up the corpse of Hexen, grafted on some parts from some dead rogue-likes, hit it with a bolt of lighting, and set it loose.Please be sure to thank them."
76561198084869048,Recommended,308420,12663875,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Rutherford the Brave,"Discovered this via Totalbiscuit's review on his utube channel and decided to buy it. It reminded me of old Heretic and Hexen and similiar games I once poured hours into. This game hits right on that nerve and I love it! The pacing, momentum, sound, lighting, mechanics all work fluidly and it is quite evident the testers of this game did their job and fleshed out all the kinks. I've beaten the game once and frankly I'm anxious to beat it again with the different characters and keep working on the unlocks in game.  For the price point, I think this is a perfect package. Thank you dev's and all responsible for making this a great game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,308420,28561613,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TheChainZKid,"Probably the best roguelike I've played since the binding of isaac. It's almost impossible to not feel cool while you're zipping around the rooms, dodging incoming projectiles while trying to kill the horde of enemies marching towards you. The controls are tight and responsive, the leveling system is great, I loved experimenting with different characters. On the whole, very well made game that I would recommend to anybody."
,Recommended,308420,12664447,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,kshade,"This feels a lot like an oldschool FPS with its fast walk speed, ridiculous air control and constant dodging, even some of the weapons (one of the staves reminds me of the ion canon from Doom) and enemies (lost souls) seem to fit that description despite the game's fantasy theme. None of the spells feels as impactful as a double-barrel shotgun though, which is to be expected I guess.Speaking of spells, there are a bunch of different ones but those I've encountered so far have been variations on a theme (or rather about 4 or 5). It would've been nice to have randomly generated variants of those items in the style of, for example, Borderlands but the arsenal that's there ultimately is enough.Nitpicks aside, the only thing I didn't like so far is the first person platforming that sometimes is necessary to cross an intersection or get to a treasure chest. The jumping is really floaty and twitchy (which is good for dodging!) and you can't see your feet or any other indicator (like a shadow) of where you'll land and missing the sometimes very small platforms can cost you a good amount of  precious health.That's my only real criticism though. This game is pretty great and if you like how Quake/UT/Doom/... control you'll probably like this as well.Some technical notes: Make sure you increase your FoV from 60 to something like 90 and bind a key to zoom. You can also (re)bind your mouse buttons if you switch to it in the keys menu, the selection box at the top is not for picking either keyboard and mouse or a gamepad.Linux-wise it runs just fine, but the framerate noticeably drops in some rooms which I wasn't expecting (i5 3570, GTX 660). Fairly sure that was related to water reflections. I haven't tested it on Windows yet."
,Recommended,308420,15678842,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Slurgi,"Sort of like a modern day hexan/heretic, although with more focus on replayability than progression. Game can be beat within an hour, but new characters/items/difficulties unlock each time you beat it."
,Recommended,308420,12783961,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Kickz,"A fast paced dungeon-crawler with a fantastic blend of roguelike elements and first person shooter.Become a neophyte sorcerer, and get ready for your rite of passage: Enter the labyrinth and face dangerous challenges to prove your worth and become a powerful wizard!See Gameplay Review here!Battle your way through several levels in a Ziggurat, in random generated rooms fighting randomly selected enemies.The type of enemies are of great variety each level and are randomly selected from a pool of enemies. Each room that has enemies usually contains more than 1 type of enemy to keep you on your toes.Each level has a Boss which is usually a larger version of a normal mob on steroids and with special abilities. Bosses are also randomly selected from a  pool of bosses on each level.You can start the game with a choice of several characters each with their own strength and weaknesses. Though by default you can only play the Novice. To unlock the other characters you must complete different achievements, such as kill 500 enemies with your Wand, etc.. check the character selection screen for each achievement required to unlock a character.You start the game with your trusty Wand and a secondary randomly selected weapon.Your secondary weapon could be a type of Spellbook, Staff or Alchemy weapon, each with many available sub-types.Your main Wand's mana pool regenerates over time while your secondary weapons do not and you must collect mana crystals, dropped by enemies or get perks to refill them.Each level has a starting room to equip you with your default generated weapons, a portal key room you must find to unlock the boss, a boss room to , well,...kill the boss and move through the portal to the next level.Among those rooms you will also find trap rooms, treasure rooms, lore rooms, shrine rooms and of course rooms filled with monsters to fight.Treasures can be anything from perks, weapons, buffs, or amulets. Amulets have a special skill you can execute with the ""E"" key by default. Those skills can be anything from stunning your enemies to granting you a temporary buff and more.There is also hidden rooms which you expose by breaking down walls which look cracked with a powerful weapon.Those rooms contain a perk and some fun-facts about Milkstone Studio's previous endeavors.As you progress through the game you level up, each time you level up you can select one of two perks randomly selected from a pool of perks. Perks can heal you, increase health given by health flasks, increase of loot dropped by enemies, increase in health or mana pools and much more. One of the perks even allows you to increase the number of perks to choose from each time you level up.Upon Death all your levels are lost but your progress might unlock more characters to choose from, more perks to be added to your pool of perks, more amulets and weapon sub-types unlocked, such as an Ice Spellbook, Poison Staff, Rifles, Grenades, etc..The guys also added a global Leaderboard to keep you coming back for more to beat the results of your friends or why not attempt to be STEAM's number #1 player :)This game is great fun with lots of replay value and in my humble opinion a fantastic blend of rogulelike elements and first person shooter."
,Recommended,308420,12972893,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ottiferous,"I never got to play Hexen/Heretic - so I got Ziggurat. I can probably never go back and play those games now because I have been spoiled by the awesome rouge-like elements of this game.Some people will complain that it is random and you can't always win, but thats the fun and the challenge. Make the best with what you were given.Highly recommended."
76561198008561526,Recommended,308420,13259776,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Slayer_IHD,"Excellent rogue-like FPS.  Lots of variety and monster types, plenty of different characters and weapons, easy to follow, and tons of replayability.  One of my favorite FPS games of all time."
76561198066230851,Recommended,308420,13355306,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,PleaseCheese,"Really good game, well made, beautiful graphics.The only thing I would change is the way each level raises in difficulty from the last level, as it doesn't really seem the levels in this game do.Other than that, great game."
,Recommended,308420,11707968,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Frans,"Fast paced, skill based FPS/roguelike.Really fun and challenging gameplay, good looking and hard. Also challenging. And hard. And carrots.Lots of stuff to unlock and procedural levels = tons of replay value.There's even a global leaderboard.Might need some balancing here and there and a bit more content (enemies, items, room variety) and this would be a 10/10 game."
,Recommended,308420,26170283,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,miles,"Can't say enough good things about this game. Anyone can play for a while and enjoy it. It's simplicity and small learning curve offer a fun and exciting experience right from the jump -- but it doesn't end there. The intricacies of this game's map-works and leveling dynamic create a new adventure every play through. The creativity and diversity of Ziggurat continues to draw me back in. Despite not gaining a huge amount of traction, the games developers, Milkstone Studios, continue to provide new content and update the game semi regularly. There is new content added ranging from adding new characters to play as, to expanding abilities and attributes which can be earned in game... and all without paid DLC. I could probably go on for a while, but I'll leave one more brief commendation: This game is fun, real fun."
76561198038383413,Recommended,308420,16888821,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Proven Paradox,"It was fun for a while, certainly got my money's worth out of it.I found it frustrating that as I played, I unlocked more weapons/perks that I didn't want than I did. In the end the level up pool was so full of useless or even *harmful* traits that getting the stuff I wanted felt too difficult. Also I disliked a lot of the weapons that could spawn at the start, to the point that a few of them prompted me to restart immediately.That aside though, the shooting is satisfying and the challenge was fun. The random factor occasionally meant the game just killed you outright, but it also sometimes left me feeling extremely powerful. I'll probably pick this one back up again after some time away, when it feels fresh again."
,Recommended,308420,26924838,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nejillicus,"Fun game, good controls, lots of replay value."
,Recommended,308420,17917803,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,EternaTea,"One of my favorite rogue-likes on Steam, and the best FPS available within the genre.  Interesting and colorful environments and enemies, varied room goals, and wonderful weapons/weapon abilities.  There are a bunch of unlockable characters to choose from, as well as a host of unlockable items and bonuses.  Ziggurat is fun, challenging and rewarding all at once.While the amount of character-related content is staggering, the world itself is a bit... vanilla.  Opportunities that could have been used to add lore to the game are instead spent introducing you to the dev's previous projects.  Those rooms are particularly annoying because they force you to view the (thankfully brief) dialogue.  There are a few types of secret rooms, but they typically contain a single item and nothing else of interest.  If you're looking for dialogue and story content, look elsewhere.A solid shooter, well designed and well taken care of.  Skip Paranautical, skip Heavy Bullets.  The voxel based entries in to this category can not hold a candle to the nuts and bolts of Ziggurat.This is the one to buy, although I do wish the devs would throw out another update or two to finish things up.Edit (6/3/2016) - As soon as they wrapped the console port, the dev team swung back and added a new game mode (Gauntlet), and a boatload of bugfixes.  Likely the last update, barring balance/bugs with Gauntlet, which is not a disappointment in the least.  After a stint in Early Access, and two years of support beyond release, Milkstone have made Ziggurat the best possible game it could be.Not only are these guys a shining example of Early Access done right, they are also a great tutorial for ANY developer on how to take community feedback, and how to improve your game even beyond the release window.Now let's start talking about a sequel, Milkstone. ;)"
76561198065312854,Recommended,308420,12668480,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,James Harrison,"This is the first shooter game I''ve bought in about 15 years, and it is excellent. It is a genera that I'm not that fussed about, but I REALLY like this game. The gameplay video has me intrigued, and I bought it - I'm so pleased I did. It's absolutly great fun, there is a ton of simple customication and it's quick & deadly.If the theam at all grabs you I hearly recomend spending £10 and grabbing it. Clearly a lot of development has gone into it, and further updates are likely. That said if the game stayed as is it is still excellent value. Go get it, it's great!A Ranty Aside on the price: This game is worth the £10 or $15 of it's cost. I know some game developers, and I can say for the time and effort that will have gone into making this game the price is completly fair. Now if you're on a tight budget by all means hold off for a sale, or play a free game... I think this game is great and well worth it's cost."
76561197969847656,Recommended,308420,12577925,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hell_MINTH,"One of the best early access/indie games I've seen. a hidden gem.  Gameplay is fast and furious, the semi-random level generation makes each run interesting.  The game is focused on arcade combat, though there are characters, items, and power-ups to unlock, there isn't much RPG-style management, just frantic action.  Highly recommended, and a bargain at twice the price.  Even though it is early access at the time I write this, the current product is of finished quality.My only critique would be that the game needs a larger variety of monsters, and maybe a few more room layouts.  Either way, the game is a blast, so long as you are content with single-player."
,Recommended,308420,16318043,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,^9Takuma Nuva,"I've played many rogue-esque games in my time and, while most are fun, I eventually lose interest in them relatively quickly.This game is different. This game is amazing. This game keeps me coming back for more, especially when new weapons, perks, and monsters are added.This first-person dungeon crawling rogue-ish game is top notch. It has light progression where everytime you die you unlock new perks, weapons, amulets, and even classes that each has a unique playstyle.This game is well worth your time and a steal during the current summer sale. I should know; I've never cared about global leaderboards and yet I currently hold the #1 world record as the Librarian in endless mode.BUY IT."
76561198047046020,Recommended,308420,23396364,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,My name can't be thirtytwo chara,"There are just alot of really nice things in this game.The differing playstyles offered through the different weapon types.The majorly varying playstyles offered by the different classes.The well balanced perks.The interesting and fun and varied and well designed weapons.The way that you can see everything just feels really ♥♥♥♥ing cool.But the thing I like most about Ziggurat is how brilliantly it captures the vibe andfeelof a magic based fantasy land. The music. The Backgrounds. The descriptions. The little set pieces. It all just comes together immensely nicely.The actual gameplay is quite good. Hard, with varying difficulties and playstyles. An alright mix of strategy and skill. Quite a bit on the skill side, but still, I like it."
,Recommended,308420,29091039,Posted: 7 January,all,Kuroko,"Ziggurat is never any less nor any more than what it tries to be, and that's just fine.The story is merely an extremely thin varnish, an excuse for the high fantasy medieval sorcery setting. A setting that is but a facade itself when you realise the spells you wield are essentially guns and that you are but a cloaked Doomguy with brightly coloured sticks. But who cares? Certainly not Ziggurat. It knows all too well what it is and wears its influences proudly on its sleeve with gamey winks and nods everywhere.The gameplay premise is straightforward; navigate a randomly generated dungeon, clearing out rooms of fodder with a wide variety of weapons while dodging them and their hails of projectiles at lightning speed, level up and choose perks...and that's it. It's essentially a first-person Binding of Issac with DoomQuake controls. It's FAST and kinetic. When you find yourself craning your own neck to dodge bullets you know you're having fun. The weapons are loud, bright, varied and fun to use, and you'll quickly develop favourites.There's a fair amount of challenge and numerous playable characters, weapons and perks to unlock to change how you play. Once you've unlocked it all, the only thing left to do is to make it harder and experiment with new characters, which you may well do because Ziggurat is so immediate and addictive. But it seems inevitable that the experience will tire a bit because the enemy types and locations are so limited. Ziggurat gameplay isn't as wafer-thin as its story, but it's not an expansive experience either. It's a fairly well-engineered one though; while never dazzling with its visuals, its limited palette is sharply rendered and never ugly, and small amounts of slowdown when entering a room aside, the game engine handles its own speed very well.It took me 13 hours to reach the top of the Ziggurat after buying it on sale and even if I didn't want to play any more (and I absolutely do) that is more than worth my money. If you want cheap, fun, Doom-lite thrills with zero baggage, look no further."
,Recommended,308420,31461666,Posted: 30 April,all,Trademere,"I truly do like this game. The graphics for it I will call it cute, and doesn't need to be flashy to make it look great. I found the permadeath, although annoying at times, to really add to the game and to give it a lot of replayability. Also having many unlockable characters, you unlock them by completing certain challenges such as, dealing enough damage with your spells and weapons, to killing a certain number of creatures.You don't need to be hitting headshots, actually I didn't notice a difference when hitting headshots or not, in the game to kill enemies, but some enemies can be difficult to deal with, until you get used to them. One of the things I did enjoy about Ziggurat are the different mechanics that can affect the room. Not all rooms will have them, they seem few are far apart, although not a bad thing I do feel they could of added a few more in through the game. But some of the mechanics can be decrease cost of staff by 50% everything else is 100% increase, unable to fire unless you are in the air, extra experience but no drops, and several others.There are a few things that can be destroyed, such as barrels and certain pillars, to book stacks. Although they don't always have items that come off of them, sometimes potions or mana crystals will drop.At level up you can pick 2 perks, which can be increased based on a perk you can get, and those can affect everything from health, to mana, to extra experience from the crystals, extra healing from potions, gain hp/mana at start of combat and many more. Perks are random at level up, which I rather enjoyed, it can add to the diffculty if you don't get certain perks that you are used to. For me my bane is when the game doesn't give me Health regen perks early on. Died several times because of it. But I do enjoy the randomness of the perks at level up.There are also 4 weapon types, your standard wand, a spell, staff and alchemy weapon. All of them have their uses and can really change the flow of battle depending if you have them, and have the mana to use them. Only the wand (starter weapon) has unlimited ammo, but needs to recharge. The entire game is procedurally generated, but you will run into rooms that you have definately seen before. Not a bad thing, there is a good variety, and a lot of it makes sense.Although the game is fairly short, it's main strength is replayability. When you are selecting your character it will state on the character card if you have completed the game with that character and what difficulty. Somewhat nice to see. There is a bestiary where you can go and look at the various monsters, but you need to unlock them by killing them in game. Bosses only need 1, while others need to kill multiple (dozens even) to unlock.There are 2 playable characters to start, and I don't see much difference between them other than 1 male and 1 female. I unlocked a third character before I completed the game, but sadly only been able to beat the game with her(?) sadly. Working on the other 2. Permadeath is fun and annoying. When you die you lose all progress and perks and restart at level 1 on floor 1. When you complete a Floor you can save and quit or continue. You can also Save whenever you like. You don't need to complete every room on the floor, sometimes you can get lucky and find the summoning rune to summon the boss in the boss room and you can find them early on. But I do recommend completing the level for the experience.The tutorial is limited to a hotkey snapshot that will show up on the left side of your screen when you start a new game (since I haven't done a save and load I can't say if it reshows when loading a previous game). Which I found to be really good in this game.I think my only concern, which after getting used to didn't bother me much, is the ability to strafe while sprinting. But there is a perk to increase your movement speed after getting hit, and a very short invulnerability.There is a daily challenge that you can do once per day, although I haven't it yet, when I selected it to see what it was about, you compete to get the highest score. Sounds like fun, will have to do that sometime in the very near future.I truly do recommend this game, it runs quite smooth and I only ran into fps drops when there were a lot of enemies and lots of things happening (mostly just my hardware its not that great), but the game was still quite playable during these drops. I do recommend this game."
,Recommended,308420,13095558,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Voxelated,"This game is a wonderful dungeon crawler that ditches the sword and shield in favor of a wand and robe. Here I will go over the five main features of the game, its story, gameplay, controls, mechanics and graphics.STORY: Like most Roguelikes, the game does not have much of a story to follow. Instead it uses most of its features to provide simple fun gameplay. However, that being said, the concept is a unique idea with a rather in-depth backstory... which makes it unique from most games of this genre.GAMEPLAY: Yeesh is it fast paced. Most of the game involves you frantically running around rooms that span from claustrophobic to immense size. Most rooms will come with about 10 enemies, however in my two playthroughs I saw rooms with up to 20 and as few as four enemies depending on the size. It's extremely fast paced and really gets your adrenaline flowing when you have low health and no ammo, as the permadeath system is in place.CONTROLS: Jesus christ is this game fast! I would suggest turning the mouse sensitivity down immediately; turn it to four if you want it to move at a reasonable pace, any lower and you might just be stabbing yourself in the back on more intense battles. Anything above 5.5-6 is headache-inducing. I also turned off motion blur, because it sort of messed with my head, too. However, with everything else in place, the game is a delight to control, just a little speedy with the default settings.MECHANICS: The whole concept of the game is that you own four different weapons, a wand with infinite ammo, and a spellbook, a staff and a bomb with limited ammo. However, you /can/ pick up more ammo if you find a crystal. You're exploring a large dungeon (can be made endless) called the Ziggurat to keep the evil spirits at bay. The weapons are extremely varied and a bunch of fun to mess around with. My favorite is the bomb, reminds me of a magic grenade. The ammo does get a little sparse around the boss fights to a point where you'll be using the trusty wand to keep the big man at bay. Your health, too, does not recover but rather must be refilled with a special card (you get this at level-up) or potions which the enemies drop. This adds to the tense experience overall and keeps the roguelike feel.Graphics: Most roguelike games are 2-D, and 8-16bit. Some games are 3-D, but still follow the chunky pixel concept (from experience, Delver [good game, by the way]). However, Ziggurat has a really up-to-date graphics engine. If just a tad cartoony (almost reminds me of an improved TF2 graphics engine) it is appealing to the eye and adds to the overall experience.SUMMARY: Ziggurat is a fun gaming experience that is a great addition to the roguelike genre. I would have a hard time scouting something out that looked as good as this does, considering the audience it caters to. It can run on just about any low-to-mid end PC (I have a midend laptop and this game runs like a charm on the Normal graphics setting. It can run on High, too) which tells me the engine is highly prioritized. Overall, a must-reccomend to a fan of the roguelike genre."
76561198125153061,Recommended,308420,17440032,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Yanimstudio,"One of the best FPS rogue-likes I've played. This is a fantastic game. The gameplay is extremely tight and responsive, The graphics are so nice. Combat is satisfying and the increase in difficulty from one level, the trap rooms are a nice difficult challenge, and the bosses are fun, The difficulty curve is also smooth enough. The unlocking of new characters is a nice touch as well. Overall a great mix of roguelike and fantasy FPS. I definitely recommend this game."
76561197991828505,Recommended,308420,13573105,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,juicebox,"Ziggurat is possibly the best FPS roguelite I have played thus far. It does a number of things right that were either missing entirely or not fully realized in Heavy Bullets and Fancy Skulls (both of which I think are good, just not quite where I wish they were).The first thing it does right is weaponry. While I have so far only held a handful of weapons I have seen that I currently have around ten unlocked with more on the way. This keeps the playstyle interesting and makes each run more unique. Being gated to hold only one weapon of each type is in my opinion a plus, as it further pushes the survival and ""make use of what you have"" mentality of roguelikes in general and of Ziggurat in particular.They have also successfully added upgrades to the game, and at a pace which keeps you ""wanting just one more"". Possibly my biggest gripe with other fps roguelikes,  Ziggurat has made it so your upgrade path affects your gameplay and is something that constantly happens. It's not a diamond in the rough that happens once per game for marginal benefit.While I only have one other character unlocked, the fact that there are a plethora available all with clear unlock goals is wonderful. All my favorite roguelikes- Dungeons of Dredmor, Binding of Isaac, FTL, Dungeon of the Endless- utilize a similar system, where you can actually start the game with compeltely different gear. This furthers replayability and gives the player various challenges and goals to shoot for.On top of that, so far the enemies are very remiscent of DOOM enemies. By this I mean they are large hulking guys with telegraphed moves. What this means is you learn how to play against each one and feel yourself getting better at handling their individual quirks.Lastly, the overall aesthetic is pretty stellar. It's somewhat cartoony but in the best way possible, while keeping a serious hexen/doom feeling.TLDR;  Ziggurat is a stellar entry to the FPS roguelite field. They capitalized on the genre's ability for varying gameplay results by including an array of upgrades, weapons, starting characters, and enemy attack patterns to make the player hone their skill while learning to live with what they have. All wrapped in a neat package with solid art and great controls (on EITHER the controllor or keyboard). Just in time for Christmas."
,Recommended,308420,12612215,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Dad's Gaming Addiction,"I was really taken in by the art style and level of detail.  The combat itself is both fluid and hectic.  My biggest complaint is that the game will occassionally crash when ""applying"" the video settings, but other than that, this game is fantastic.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyzlwDPMsrU"
76561198029205260,Recommended,308420,12671406,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Assault and Vinegar,"Ziggurat is fun.There's no ""gearing up"" other than using what you find.Tons of unlockables.The difficulty bottleneck is player skill. If the game is too hard, you must get better.You'll quickly learn to be aware of what's behind you, how many there are and where to reposition.You'll also die. A lot.Carrots are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Buy this game if you like fast paced shooters and a random element to games. It's really all about situational awareness, quick decision making and on-the-run tactics."
,Recommended,308420,12631380,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Boone,"Paranautical Activity w/ Wizards. Incredible replay value, lots of choices for the player to make, worth your money if you like FPS rogue-likes or rogue-likes in general. Some say the enemies may be repetetive, but I kind of expected that. The game is still challenging and fun, with enough going on to make me want to keep playing, so it did what I wanted it to do. 8.5/10."
76561198130756010,Recommended,308420,12627870,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Fruit Snacks,"Ziggurat is a level-by-level dungeon explorer, you basically pick a character (unlocked by completing achievements) and go kick some ghoul♥♥♥♥♥ The environment is good with traps, different creatures, upgrades by level and bosses. The game has good graphics and excellent controls which will come in handy when the game sends giant waves of enemies at you, and as you can tell it will get very chaotic. Overall, if you are looking for a game to test your trigger-finger and reflexes, and to just kill stuff and level up with no goal this is the game for you 8/10"
,Recommended,308420,12610122,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,erradical,Roasted carrots anyone?This game gives you awesome ways to kill large numbers of silly or menacing creatures. You can also get flambéed by big angry birds. When I first heard about Ziggurat I watched one gameplay video on Youtube and saw all the fireballs and lava and bubbling puddles of acid I knew I had to get it.
,Recommended,308420,14656511,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,rgk,"Procedurally-generated FPS with arenas filled with enemies. The art-style is quite good between cute and dark fantasy like Hexen/Heretic, and the Painkiller/Serious Sam arena shooter vibe of the game is really a great addition to the roguelite repertoire.The game is good and challenging, however the shooter feelings are not quite as meaty and violent as in the aforementioned games. The magical staffs are indeed not responding like weapons, and the enemies can have too many healthpoints and don't react enough to the damages dealt.Still very pleasing with all the things to dodge while running around and the occasional (optional) platforming sections in between massacring  hordes of angry carrots."
,Recommended,308420,33938289,Posted: 31 July,all,BigShinySpartan,"Summary:I like this game a lot. It's my go-to for something that's quick, fast-paced, doesn't require a lot of thinking, and lets you sling some spells.About the game itself, there isn't a whole lot to say. You start as a basic wizard with a wand (1 attack) and the occasional spell or piece of a equipment until you have a total of 4 attacks. Most attacks use their own pool of mana, enemies killed drop mana pots. You go through and shoot things that come at you, room by room. Some limited choices throughout the game regarding permanent buffs, etc. You unlock different wizards by completing game tasks across many playthroughs.Not a ton of depth, no real plot line, and only 5 levels and a boss - but really doesn't need more than that. Quick wizard shooter that does a good job at the type of game that it is."
,Recommended,308420,11732592,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Mike McPhil,"Like Heretic/Hexen? Like roguelites qualities in your fps? Like great art direction and atmosphere? Well buy the ever loving crap out of this. The dev is pretty darn cool and has made a great game. Don't be a♥♥♥♥♥♥and wait for a bundle/sale if this seems up your alley. Don't worry about the early access label either. This game is pretty packed already. IT's not one of those that is only 1/4 complete and you'll be burnt on by the time of release. It is quite solid (have had no bugs, other than my time not being properly recorded) and as I said, quite fun."
,Recommended,308420,12649736,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Katoosie,"I bought it for the roguelike 3D wizard-FPS dungeon crawler experience, stayed for the fungus and crazy carrots.Pros:- Cool graphic asthetic- Good enemy variety- Simple but effective random dungeon generator- A wide range of spells, weapons, perks- Fast paced gameplay- Easy to play, hard to masterCons:- After beating the game I can tell it's a bit short but at least it's replayability is good so yay \o/ Just something to consider :)"
,Recommended,308420,12618668,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,[None(i) for i in inpt().splt()],"""You may be killed by a carrot!Deal with it, vegans""Actually a good roguelike, not so replayable like an IsaacBut have a nice adrenaline shooter.Old school fans of DooM,Hexen, Heretic would be happy."
,Recommended,308420,21394019,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,YellowAfterlife,"One of my favorite FPS roguelikes. Great style and visuals, smooth controls, and a plenty of content (room layouts, enemies, weapons, modifiers). The procedural generation largely stays fair too, which is important for a game of this kind."
,Recommended,308420,12762979,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Jimmer,"This game is proof that the genre is moving forward.With the simple mechanic of being granted a special weapon at the begining of a run (with another new drop at the begining of each floor) helps you feel less hopeless in such a difficult game.One complaint would be the music. This genre is typically flooded with great music to help with the butt-clenching difficulty (Risk of Rain for example). The music in Ziggurat is a bit lackluster.That being said, Ziggurat is still one of the better rougue-lite games out thus far."
,Recommended,308420,12677883,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,khrave,"This game is good. It's a RogueLike FPS that is really reminiscent of Hexen and Heretic, especially with the weapon selection. That's a good thing, however, since the play style is quick, yet not too easy. With plenty of challenge, and a variety of weapons/items/characters, there is a good amount of replayability, and any fan of simple, frantic, and fun shooters should pick this up. Hopefully they make more of this."
76561197966619209,Recommended,308420,15698725,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Virck,"Got on sale for $7.50, I'm already 7 hours of gameplay in...reminds me too much of Heretic/Hexen, only stopping me from playing more is real life friends, once they're dead it'll just be me and the Ziggurat....15/10 Would increase drop rate for enemies 6x again (fountains of loot)"
76561198080447534,Recommended,308420,22622156,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,karatecowboy,"Frustrating, challenging, satisfying.If FPS games are supposed to be about skill, then Ziggurat is pure, distilled FPS. Four weapon types, plus an amulet. The rest is up to you. No saving and reloading when you die. It is frustrating, but it is also rewarding. When you finally beat the game then you feel like a real champion.Lots of replay value. Rewarding unlockables. And, a daily challenge where everyone plays the same dungeon with the same perks and weapons."
,Recommended,308420,26531657,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Erik Schunn,"This game is amazing.  If you like roguelikes ( binding of issaac style progression) and shooters, you will wonder why you have never heard about this game."
76561198093335055,Recommended,308420,14184325,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Xajos,11/10  would kill angry carrots again
,Recommended,308420,14180838,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Krob,"1st Game: pick up weapon, walk in first room, dead.2nd Game: make it to 3 rooms, dead.3rd Game: make it to boss of first floor, dead.4th Game: Beat boss on first floor, first room of 2nd floor, dead...maniac carrots.5th Game: 4th room on first floor...dead.  But, unlocked new Character with better staff!6th Game:  New Character is fun!  Dead.......25th Game:  Beat it with 5th new unlocked character.  An old guy at that.26th Game:  Hard mode.  Dead....etc.I frickin love this game.  What a cool surprise!It's a rogue-like akin to Binding Isaac or Dungeon of the Endless, but in a shooter form.  Every playthrough you'll unlock newer perks, which drop in the world during exploring and fighting.  Perks can be anything from mana buffs to damage multipliers.  There are times where you are unlucky and perks do nothing for you, and there are times where everything seems to work together in synchronicty, propelling you farther into the game than any previous playthrough.  Super fun.It's really hard to stop playing.The sound is well rounded.  Great design and ambience.The other shining aspect of this game is that the gameplay is smooth as hell.  Polished, responsive, visceral, satisfying, and addictive.  I've been dreaming this game.Easily the biggest surprise of 2014 for me.  And I would say it's up there with my favorite games of 2014.1) Shovel Knight1a) Endless Legend3) Ziggurat4) Dungeon of the Endless5) DragonAge6) Woah Dave7) Elite Dangerous"
76561198173562905,Recommended,308420,31882761,Posted: 21 May,all,Hyperlaser,"tl;dr: A surprisingly fun game from indie devs. I'd only really recommend if it were on sale though.The game has enough characters, difficulties, perks, items, weapons and game modes to unlock to keep you busy for a while. I know it did for me! It's a roguelite, so that means while a single run is designed to be beaten in 40-60 mins, the difficulty starts out pretty high. Maybe that's what turns off a lot of players (I noticed a lot of negative reviews for this). Or maybe it's one of those things that you either love or hate, idk.A quick tip though: if you get the game, start playing on Easy difficulty (which isn't really *that* easy for some reason) but once you get used to the game's nuances with movement, momentum, enemy attack patterns, etc, and have won with a few characters then you will enjoy attempting it on Normal, then (later) Hard mode. I haven't finished a Hard game yet but I almost did! I made it to the final floor thinking that floor 5 was the last one (because it usually is), skipped half the rooms on floor 5 to kill the boss, then realised that floor 6 was indeed the last floor if you play on Hard. So all that means that I missed out on leveling up once or twice (level up = choose one perk). Then I got owned pretty hard from being underleveled.Anyway, apart from the positives there are a few negative points (just balance issues):- Because the floors are procedurally generated with random enemy spawns, sometimes you can get bad RNG and walk into a tiny room with the equivalent of a huge pack of suicide bombers which rush you that, when exploding, spew damaging acid everywhere including the floor. Then the floor becomes acid. And you are guaranteed to die.Actually, because of this I started avoiding the small rooms altogether if I had a choice.- If you manage to get good RNG and select just the right perks at just the right time, you can break the level up system and hit Lv.100 via perk 'chaining' and have more or less infinite wand damage with literally thousands of HP.To clarify, there's a perk that allows you to select 2 perks immediately but cuts your HP in half, then get the full HP perk, healing yourself, then pick the +2 perks thing again, etc, etc... also extra wand damage over and over. I know because I watched a friend of mine do it. I think he ended up getting all the (useful) perks plus the reuseable ones about 50 times in a row. He had like 8000 HP, and killed the final boss with 3 wand hits. gg.- Some perks are counter-intuitive or simply flat out replaced by others. There are 'ranked' perks that you can stack up to 5 times, multiplying the effect of the perk. For example, a perk that decreases damage taken by maybe 10% per 'rank'; if maxed out this means -50% damage taken, or half.However, there also exists one-shot perks that are more powerful than getting 5 perks in a row, with a slight deficit that is easily balanced out by another one or two. Again, by example, there is a perk which will basically reduce all damage taken by 70% and also reduce all damage dealt. But if you get a couple of perks that increase damage again, then the net effect is just -70% damage taken. In one perk instead of 5. What.So this is a cool shooter with pretty standard mechanics (like a re-skinned arena shooter from the 90's) molded into a rogue-like. I think it heavily relies on its audio/visuals but the game has enough going for it that you'll want to try out all the characters and weapons it has to offer."
,Recommended,308420,17315444,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Cilizadam,"It's like Binding of Isaac in first person,without a psycho mom."
,Recommended,308420,17354331,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,eric,"Good:This game is fun and looks fantastic. The gameplay is super responsive and the perks and rewards are immediately useful and work well. It is quite challenging as well, with pretty difficult bosses and swarms of enemies. The rooms are interestingly laid out. Love the weapons and amulets.Bad:The perspective is so strange - it feels like you are two feet tall. Some of the enemy designs are just plain goofy looking, makes you feel like it's a joke at times. Rooms get repetitive and some of the levels feel too small.Overall, the fun is all that matters and this game is really really fun, like Hexen meets Quake with good graphics and ""Rouguelike"" elements."
,Recommended,308420,17358976,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Count Moldy,"Ahh, this game gave me a lot of value. I expected to like it going in and was not disappointed. I am not very good at First person shooters in general but still found plenty of things to enjoy and the learning curve was not too steep. With fun secrets to find and unlocks that encourage you to go on that next run it will likely keep even passing fans interests for a handful of hours.I do not think you would go wrong buying this game at full price, but it won't lose its charm by waiting for a sale."
76561198072392025,Recommended,308420,31792547,Posted: 16 May,all,silly name,"A very enjoyable, unique, fast-paced, pseudorandomly generated wizard dungeon crawling FPS which was more than worth the $3 I got it for.It's got heaps of fun magic weapons (wands, staves, spells, and alchemical contraptions), varied enemy design, and different playable classes and perks to change the way you play the game. In an average game, you'll be platforming through traps, fighting rooms full of enemies, picking up weapons and choosing perks to upgrade your character, and then battling a boss at the end of each level.My only complaints were--1: there's only a small amount of assets used to make the environments, and after the first few playthroughs, going over the same rooms again and again got dull, even if they were laid out in different ways.2: Luck-based elements outside the player's control are capable of making a run extremely difficult to complete.3: I would have liked to see multiplayer, though I can understand why they chose not to. Challenge mode suffices.4: There is no tutorial (unless I missed it somehow). This isn't too bad since Ziggurat's mechanics are quickly learned, but still a minor point against it.Overall a fun and satisfying experience, a 4/5 star game."
,Recommended,308420,15999631,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Edgus,"An excellent game with good replayability. It's been on my watchlist for quite a while, mainly because it has a Hexen/Heretic artstyle in it. I found the gameplay fastpaced and inventive, with lots of combinations of perks and weapons to discover. The levels have a dark fantasy gothic feel and the rooms range from large spacious fields to confined spaces.So far playing the game has been really fun, replayability really keeps me coming back to play more of it. There is actually quite a lot of characters to unlock through playing the game and new items to discover. However, if you're looking for a deep story, you better look elsewhere. Most of the story you get is short cutscenes and short diary entries found in levels. The rest is just fun, randomised, arcade-like shooter action with tons of enemies out to get you.The things that I really want to see in the future is multiplayer mode and more varied environments. Maybe something like that will happen in Ziggurat 2?Overall if you're looking for a game that plays and feels like modern era roguelike Heretic, this is a game for you. The satisfaction from unlocking more secrets and blasting through the rooms full of varied enemies is really great."
76561198070360560,Recommended,308420,34398329,Posted: 21 August,all,overlord in evil,"Don't look at the time played. It serves no purpose.This game is good, the controls are good. The one gripe I have with the combat is that it lacks impact. You could fire explosives at things and they don't even flinch, let alone stop attacking for a second.It feels chaotic at times and RNG can ♥♥♥♥ you over a little bit. It has a minor story, which while interesting is poorly developed. And while it truly doesn't matter to the game it feels a little disappointing as the final payoff. I can see this getting boring when binged on too much as well.The soundtrack is nothing worth mentioning. It serves the gameSound effects as well, they're not amazing but good enough.Enemy design is interesting but gets repetitive. Because of overuse.Maps are randomly tossed together and create okay if forgettable levels.Tossed together I'd give it a 6 or 7 it's clearly better than average but it's nothing to truly write home about."
,Recommended,308420,16391509,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Bucchus,"Ever played Heretic or Hexen? How about a randomly generated version of those?This is the most enjoyable first person Binding of Isaac-type roguelite I've played. Shoot goblins and demon carrots, collect perks and equipment, dodge magic blasts and hope you're geared up enough to take on the boss.One run takes a bit over an hour (if you manage to avoid death) and there's tons of weapons and characters and stuff to unlock for variety, it'll take tens of hours before you've tried out everything. The visuals are pretty and nice if you're not allergic to colours. Personally I hate first person platforming in games like these, so it's an added bonus that platforming is only marginally present here."
,Recommended,308420,12402230,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,FerFogs,"Ziggurat is on Early Access and it's already very polished and well made. If you miss those strafe shooters like Doom, Quake and obviously Heretic, you should play this one. The randomness gives it a nice ""what now?"" feeling whenever you enter a room.I hope we can have more room layouts, like multi-leveled rooms. It would make a nice addition to it."
,Recommended,308420,16542484,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SwooshBear,"Ziggurat is a first-person magic based rogue-like. The game is based around three different pools of magic that power different categories of weapons. Blue mana powers spellbooks like basic fire and ice spells, Green mana powers different staves which shoot smaller, more spread out projectiles, and Orange mana powers heavier weapons like magic grenades. The story is basically you are a magic wielder who must complete the five floors of the ""Ziggurat"" to test your magic abilities. There are a lot of characters, weapons and perks to unlock throughout the game so becomes more fun the more you play. I felt it getting a bit stale after a while, but then I unlocked new stuff to try out and it was fun again. Only other complaint is that the game doesn't tell you much about it, so a lot of it is trial and error. I feel like the game would be better with more updates, but as it is now it is still really solid. Ziggurat is really fun if you like quick, pick-up-and-play rogue-likes. Basically a less-polished, first-person Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,308420,31414937,Posted: 28 April,all,GreyWalker Zero,"An FPS rogue-like shooter in the vein of Heretic / Hexen from days gone by but without the story.  Level up, collect weapons, add Perks with every level up and you're away and that about sums it up.  Each level you survive trap rooms, altars, rooms chock full of Minions, hunt for the Portal Key and then find and summon the Portal Boss.  Simple as that.  The game play is unbelievably fluid, totally single player and harkens back to a great age of basic run and gunning.  This is essentially casual gaming at its best and will run on a potato... Verily.10 / 10 - would be blown up by carrots all day long."
,Recommended,308420,12674754,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,skamando,"Great-looking, smooth-playing rogue-lite with a strong connection to Doom-era FPS games. Simple in design and execution, it could do with more content. However, the challenge and the great feeling combat will bring you back to it."
,Recommended,308420,29359315,Posted: 19 January,all,Kolokoy,"This game is a mixture of Heretic/Hexen, roguelike mechanics, and arena shooter type games (like Painkiller). Even if it is roguelike don't worry, you will still progress every playthrough as you unlock the various characters, weapons, and items. Controls are tight and responsive. Story is almost non-existent, just providing enough context for the whole game. Art style is a bit cartoony but pleasing in the eyes. Overall, a very fun game."
76561198057061023,Recommended,308420,16269180,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Zarranos,"Let me say that I'm not one who oten writes reviews, but my experiences with Ziggurat make me believe it is one worth reviewing.When it comes to first person shooters I ofen enjoy games that are fast paced and  full of unique options. These would be games like Unreal Tournament, Painkiller, and the Hexen/Heretic series. I also fully enjoy rogue-likes that have the ability to be replayed without being stale, and don't rely one hundred percent on grinding your way to the top.Ziggurat  is a mixture of all of my favorite points above. There are various characters each with preferred playstyles, boons, and disadvantages. These characters are accompanied by a large variety of weapons that come in three flavors past your pistol-style wand. You have Spells, Staves, and Alchemical Weapons (each eith their own mana pool).  If that isn't enough, theres many different weapons in each category.There are minions that you encounter in each room, that with familiarity become less of a challenge once you figure out what works against them. Its when you get into a room vith a myriad of enemies that the fun really begins. waiting for you at the end of each floor is a boss who will put your skills to the test.As you make your way through each floor slaying enemies, you pick up experience that, as it always does, levels you up.  Each time you ding, you are given two options that give you various ""upgrades"".Overall this game is worth purchasing for the price of 15 bucks, and also has a wonderful developer who is in touch with the community, and updates are still coming.Ziggurat is quite possibly my favorite game in my library.And remember to always check your walls ;)"
76561198006568104,Recommended,308420,17406563,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Morgoth,"For more reviews and gameplay videos by Morgoth, check out the profile or the Twitch channel attwitch.tv/morgoth0221Ziggurat is a major throwback to the olden days of Heretic and Hexen (two games that I absolutely love), and the game pays major homage to those golden oldie titles.  Not a bad thing.  However, the game can become very repetitive at times as you trudge your way through the same five levels over and over again.  While the level layouts and the enemies are different every time, the environments and the music stay the same through every run.  But enough of that nonsense, on to the review!Gameplay:The gameplay and the controls of this game are incredibly solid.  Turning and aiming can feel very loose at first, but these settings can be changed in the options menu (and I strongly recommend turning down the default sensitivity unless you like spinning around and trying to aim until you throw up).  Other than that small starting fluke, cannot fault the gameplay at all.  Basically the player is a sorcerer-in-training that is sent to take the ultimate test!  Cue the Ziggurat!  A five floor dungeon filled with everything from giant, poison spitting mushrooms to carrots that want to tear your eyes out (along with particularly angry flamingos).The enemies are part of what make this game great in the fact that there is a massive variety of them, especially for an indie game.  Every enemy is unique, and must be handled in a particular fashion which makes the combat very diverse and interesting.  Granted a majority of the fighting is strafing and shooting, but then the world of spells, staves, and alchemical weapons comes into play and there is no shortage of uniqueness when it comes to these either.  Whether you find the mighty Skull of Xanatos that homes in on enemies and explodes on impact, or the ever-awesome Eye of Twilight that can eradicate bosses in a single strung out volley of green power, you are unlikely to become bored while finding and trying new weapons.  Add in some big boss baddies, and you have yourself a fantastic RNG-based dungeon crawler that won't get repetitive until the 20th or 30th time you defeat the last boss (who's mother is a ♥♥♥♥♥).Unfortunately the one minor complaint about this game is the RNG factor.  Yes, I understand it is a roguelike game so it sounds like I'm just QQ'ing, but hear me out.  The RNG factor when it comes to weapons works very well in a game like Binding of Isaac, because there is one manner of attack that can get upgraded or changed in a variety of manners.  In Ziggurat however, the player starts with a rather useless wand (on most characters) and finds different spells, staves, or alchemical weapons to dish out the real damage throughout the dungeon.  However, it is completely RNG based on what weapons will appear.  It is possible (and has happened) that in a single run, the poor wannabe sorcerer will obtain 4 alchemical weapons in a row, therefore robbing them of unique opportunities that present themselves in different rooms, and quite possibly destroying the run altogether because they were never given a spell or a staff.Graphics:The visuals in this game are top notch.  Smooth movement, no screen tearing, bright colorful environments for the most part, and incredible enemy design make this game a feast for the eyes.  Especially in a world where 2D pixel graphics have become the mainstay in a majority of roguelike indie games.  Only complaint here is that the floors are very, very similar looking when it comes to the environment.  This can get very repetitive if you decide that you love this game and want to play it a lot.  Was hoping for maybe some alternative environment designs to be thrown into the mix, but like the song goes, you can't always get what you want.Sound:When it comes to the sound effects, this game is pretty incredible.  Everything from firing the spells, to the enemies exploding, to the lava flowing under the bridge is, for lack of a better word, awesome.  Only complaint here is the music, but I'm a big music critic when it comes to games.  The music is pretty generic and forgettable, and you'll often find yourself turning it off and listening to your own music (at least I certainly did).Replayability:Ziggurat really shines when it comes to replayability.  Tons of unlocks.  Perks, spells, staves, alchemical weapons, and a plethora of characters that are all somehow very unique.  Throw in a bunch of achievements and you'll end up dropping a lot of hours into this one.TLDR: Game is definitely worth your time and money.  Great gameplay, unique weapons, characters, and enemies, make this game a must-buy.  Oh and did I mention the developer is very active in the forums?  Replies to just about everybody in a very friendly, helpful manner and is STILL updating the game with new stuff every few months.  Much respect for professionalism and dedication.  SUPPORT THIS DEV!"
,Recommended,308420,13614191,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Guywars,"Most people saying this game is bad are people that can't play roguelike games like The binding of Isaac.The game is cool, good graphics, good variety of weapons and monsters, random powerups and much more that you expect from a game of this genre; there's nothing new, but everything is done pretty food.One person though made a pretty clear point about this game: the levels are not many, only 5 floors to beat the game (and yeah they are longer and bigger if you compare them to games like Isaac); the spells you get are just ""hidden guns"" they are not spells that you would expect from a game like this.I still recommend it because it's pretty fun and good but many people thought this was something completely different and as a consequence they got disappointed"
,Recommended,308420,15663177,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,darkcecil13,"Ziggurat is fast-paced Roguelike FPS RPG that I recommend to ALL GAMERS.9.5/10+ Fun, fun, fun!!+ 12 playable characters all with their own strengths and weaknesses.+ 50+ weapons+ 50+ level up perks!+ Large variety of bosses.+ Dying is inevitable. Unlock items by dying.+ 4 difficulty settings including an Endless mode.+ Leaderboards for each class and difficulty.- It's not moddable."
,Recommended,308420,12652528,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,LS* | Headpat,"It's a roguelite, and it's fun.Worth the money.Has:-Enemy variety-Weapon variety-Very cool atmosphere [even the walkthrough hallways]-Unique level designs [5 floors tho, rooms sometimes get repetitive, but eh. atmosphere tho]-Perk system when levelling up [increased perks the more you play]-All weapons have main and alt. fire-You gain a different weapon every time you start the game-Bosses have different ways of attacking, but susceptible to most if not all attacks-Decent enemy AI [they have good prediction actually]Not a lot of playtime right now, but this will increase in the coming days.Really does feel like a mix of Hexen/Heretic and Serious Sam if they had a cool roguelike kid.If you like fast-paced first person shooters, this game is for you.It does get repetitive [like BoI], but it's still pretty damn fun. I've finished the games several times on Easy and Normal [yet to do hard], but still hasn't gone stale.You will most likely find yourself switching between all your four weapons in most cases, so combat also doesn't go stale. Also: It's not hitscan, it's projectile-based because magic reasons.tl;drIf you want a fun, fast-paced, somewhat short first-person roguelike with weapon variety and fun gameplay, get this. Recommended to grab on sale, though, since again it's pretty short. [better stated by one of the higher-rated Not Recommended posts. still fun game](Edited after having 10 runs)"
,Recommended,308420,12659375,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,A.Gremillion,"Just got this game and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is it good.I don't buy many early access games on principle, but I got this one the day it actually left early access (the lowered price enticed me)This game has a lot going for it:-The graphics are very pretty and the style of the game is colorful yet also believable-The combat feels fluid and fresh. Movement is very sensitive.-The weapon types (Wand, Staff, Spells, Alchemy) are all varied and interesting to use in different situations-Difficulty is pretty high but not impossible, it feels fair while still being a great challengeMy favorite thing about this game is the replay value. Each time you start a new game, the dungeon is randomly generated. Rooms can have different effects (weakened monsters, more xp, etc) and trap rooms with floating lava or treacherous spike traps are fun. There's a nice amount of different skills, weapons and characters to play with here.I'd have to rate this game an easy 9/10."
,Recommended,308420,12653566,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Abeltensor,"Ziggurat was a surprise for me.  Im not typically a rogue-lite fan, but the spin on putting things in an FPS/wizard setting and the vast variety of weapons/enemies makes it very fun.  Anyone who enjoys rouge lites will like this game, but so will people who enjoy solid FPS style games that require very little commitment but have quite a bit of depth. This game is a prime example of what early access can do for a title in a sea of games that are early access mainly to gain funding, this game did it to help provide feedback and the devs actually listened to the community for once.    That being said, the game isnt without its flaws, some times enemies will clip into the wall, other times ive had saved game problems.A few things i would love to see in the future:  Online Leaderboards, a small PvP mode and an endless dungeon mode.  I think the addition of one or more of these things would really increase the replayablilty by quite a bit."
76561198044036372,Recommended,308420,11719401,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,zhadowolf,"I recommend the HELL out of this game! Even though it's in early development, it feels like a finished, polished game. There are some things that need a little tweaking (some of the randomized encounters are downright ridiculous, and the Ignus boss summons /way/ more buddies than he needs), but the game is still fantastic. I'm glad to see so many characters available, but lowering the requirements to unlock them (just a little bit) would be nice. The characters have a nice balance to them, at least with the two I've seen. I've unlocked some of the additional weapons too, but I haven't gotten to try them out; maybe increasing the likelihood of unlocked weapons to appear would help?All in all it's a very fun game; it plays nicely, and I haven't run into anything that's just broken or unplayable. No bug problems I've seen either, and even the rare platforming bits (in the lava chambers) aren't annoying. It hasn't gotten tedious or boring yet; and I've been playing for two days now.TL;DR: If you're a fan of Doom, you'll like this game. Enemy design is reminiscent of ID's original work, and the visuals are very stunning for an early access game, and just generally good as well. The level of visual detail is incredible, the weapons are varied, and you'll run into new enemy types just often enough to keep your interest."
76561198006356481,Recommended,308420,11807131,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Gothmog,"Hello steam friends,Just had to give some LOVE to this game. It's a gem for early access runs perfect.The graphics, sounds, maps, mapping, skills, speed and game play are some of the best i have every seen.This game is adictive IMO a MUST HAVE !!! No Cons, No Bugs just great fun fast game play.Do yourself a favor and try this..."
76561198028366455,Recommended,308420,21951477,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Redbeard,"The statement ""Ziggurat is the best combination of First Person Shooter and Rogue-LITE you have ever seen"" is completely accurate."
,Recommended,308420,12668207,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Atomic Kitsune,Hexen style magical shooter set in a rougelike setting. Tis great fun :)
76561198022809816,Not Recommended,308420,17646918,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,dune,"Game feels good and plays well, but is unfortunately a tedious, repetitive, and boring grind for unlocks with procedural semi-modular level layouts that leave a lot to be desired for."
,Recommended,308420,11748292,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ditman,"This First Person Shooter puts you in the boots of a novice sorcerer who needs to traverse the ""Ziggurat"", an ever-changing system of dungeons filled with enemies.Every time you play the game, you'll get a completely random mix of rooms and enemies which, well, makes the game pretty unpredictable. Depending on how you level up on certain levels, or which boss fights you might have your experience will range from ""piece of cake"" to ""I just got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me, thank you"".The random factor boosts replayability, and this game is especially tricky in letting you think that you'll be able to ""beat it next time"", so you try again... And now it's 4AM...Early Access?I'm very pleasantly surprised by the level of polish that Ziggurat has on its ""Early Access"" launch. I'm not sure what else needs to be done, but this looks pretty much done to me.Played on ""medium"" quality, with most fancyness (AA, VSync...) deactivated.My system specs:Mac OSX 10.10 beta 1 (Yosemite)MacBook Pro (13-inch, Early 2011),2.7 GHz Intel Core i7,8 GB 1333 MHz DDR3,Intel HD Graphics 3000 512 MB."
,Recommended,308420,12663040,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,TactiCat,"After starting my game for the first time and completing the first level given to me, I knew I had to hop out and write a review. It's probably nothing that hasn't already been said, but it's my peice and another positive upvote for a game that's totally worth it.If you've ever played Heretic or Hexen, you'll probably feel at home and fall in love with this game right away. You are an Apprentice Mage and you kick♥♥♥♥♥with magic.The art design is beautiful and while the gameplay is familiar, it is done very well. There is an interesting random card based character progression system, as well as things you can find in the levels to improve yourself. The random generation of levels is very clever and will no doubt keep the game fresh for awhile, as you will never quite know what to expect from the Ziggurat.No question, this game deserves your time and money."
,Recommended,308420,11773822,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Hiretsunα,Got killed by a evil carrot. 10/10
76561198043782849,Recommended,308420,30580870,Posted: 17 March,all,Esteban Failsmore,Harry Potter meets Doom.
,Recommended,308420,17381836,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,rick,"A solid example of the relatively unexplored FPS-dungeon crawler -genre mixup.Simple at its basics yet builds up into a challenging lategame. Lot of unlockable characters, weapons and skills resulting in a variety of different builds and loadouts.Big thumbs up for the devs for adding a lot of new content since the launch!"
76561198037153778,Recommended,308420,12428077,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Antak3000,"This is a really fun, solid game. Love the call outs to old school fantasy shooters like hexen and heretic, and gameplay is varied and doesn't get boring. I've beaten this game about 8 times now, and I'm still enjoying it. The developer is really good about releasing updates, about 3 times a month, so its not one of those games that isn't going anywhere. Definitely worth the 11 bucks, also worth playing now."
,Recommended,308420,14105100,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,jake,"if you like old Zelda, Doom, Binding of Isaac, or dungeons in skyrim you'll love this game. It's randomly generated with lots of unlockable characters, achievements, trading cards, collectable items and weapons, and multiple gamemodes. Also the performance is awesome, i have a terrible laptop that's a little below system requirements and i still get like 20something fps and it looks awesome...anyways BUY IT NOWWW while it's still on sale"
,Recommended,308420,20204455,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Milan Mree Frozen,"I can definitely recommend this game, but I'm going to be honest about everything I say and this game is not amazing in any aspect at all. It feels like the game is missing the key component of variety.Allow me to explain.First and foremost all the levels in the game have barely any variety in graphical design. Sure there is fire spewed from cracks on one level and water on another, but they kind of blend together when there is no cohesiveness. For example you might have a lava room right next to a water room. Not just that but you don't get anything like you do with say binding of isaac where you have the basement and then the caves. It doesn't work like that. There is no jungle followed by castle it's all the same and it really hurts the game aesthetically. With that said the game is not ugly. It's fairly stylized and for what it is it's quite nice to look at. The spell effects are nice and it's very colorful contrasting the greys of the concrete wonderfully.The next thing to note is pretty similar to the previous, but based in the basics of controls and gameplay. So controls works and they work well. You move somewhat fast and you can jump easily and things work. But they don't work very flavorfully. Dashing is done in literally one direction and there is barely any in between speeds. No crouching, no bouncing off walls, no climbing, no double jumps as far as I can tell, no crawling, no swimming, no variances of any kind. As soon as you get the movement down you get it and you undestand it and that's that. There will be very little to learn extra. It's not bad at all because it 'works' for sure. It just isn't great.Alright lets move onto the combat, weapons, spells, etc. Combat is another form of 'it works' and just so. Enemies are stricken by attacks and they flash to let you know you hit them. They get hit by your attacks and take damage and then die.With that said I want to say that enemies really don't do much else in terms of you fighting them. You engage, you attack and then they die or you die. There is poison and slowing for the enemies, but there isn't anything like enemy weaknesses or anything like that. Enemies don't really flinch they just keep goin. Combat works, but its not very satisfying. With all that said combat works as in it functions very well. I do have some complaints like when I can't hit a skeleton with a shield from behind with a bomb because you have to hit them when they lift it up. I also don't like that the game feels like a first person bullet hell especially when some of the rooms are uncomfortably small and hit detection on some melee attacks is terrible and it's impossible to avoid some of them.Ok lets talk about the spells you use. They're pretty neat initially. The wand shoots some pew pew purple blasts. It can alt fire for a shotgun style blast too which is pretty nice and it recharges. It's kind of a backup weapon though considering the power of the other weapons. And while the pew pew is nice, it gets old especially when most weapons just fire projectiles. And there's no variety with different characters they are just very mildly different mostly. one is good with the wand, another is better with the mana based weaponry that has limited ammo and one is faster. Not a lot of variety.Like, so you can get a staff and the staff shoots projectiles just like the wand, but it fans them out. Having a weapon like this is nice to have, but there's more than one staff that functions this way. They just have small differences like one poisons, one slows, one shoots fast, etc. Same with the bombs, one explodes, one explodes into poison shards, one leaves fire. Not to mention some of the weapons are OP as ♥♥♥♥ compared to others poison bombs OP. The variety in functionality though leaves a lot to be desired.To explain what I mean I'm going to compare to some other games so bear with me. In hexen you have three characters you can play with. The mage, the cleric, the fighter. They are vastly different for numerous reasons. The fighter has fists where he goes 'Punch, punch, POW' while the cleric has a mace that just swings and does damage and the mage has a staff that shoots a little weaker laser pew pew. That's their starting weapons. They are very different from each other and as you play through, they have red, blue, green mana weapons and the weapons they all get looks and function differently. For example, the blue weapon for the fighter is a lightning axe that blasts targets in melee with lightning. It can even be used when it's out of charge for less damage. The blue weapon for a cleric is a staff that can shoot bolts of energy or it can suck the enemy's life at close range. The blue weapon for the mage is frost hands that does a big shotgun effect at range or freezes opponents at close range and then they can be shattered to bits.It's not like this in ziggurat. most weapons have a primary fire that does something in that school and and alt fire and just does that thing more for more mana and that's it. Examples like spells in the blue mana category that do a shotgun effect. There are like 3 to 4 of these and their alt fires just do a larger AOE of them. The freezing one can freeze enemies for a second, but it doesn't do much else. It's not really very satisfying at all. Then there's staves that just shoot a buncha projectiles like a fan and more projectiles with alt fire. There is like the eagle staff which is heat seeking, but it hardly matters as it's alt fire is just more projectiles! And alchemy? It's explosives pretty much. Bombs and a rocket gun, etc. Alt fire? You guessed! It's just more projectiles!And this kinda blandness is all over the game. The perks you can get are really meh. Like ooooo more hp, big deal. In a game like binding of isaac getting extra HP is rarely the first thing you care about. That's more like something you are happy to get, but not super excited over. People like brimstone, monstros lung, ipecac and other unique and enjoyable modifiers. Stuff like that does not exist in the game. You dont' get something that makes your projectiles multiply. There is no 'your staves becomes laser beams' or 'your bombs stick to enemies' or 'when you get hit you belch explosive vomit'. Nothing that makes the game really stand out.One last thing to note and it's the secrets in the game. it's kinda annoying that when you find a secret you're treated to the devs showing you other games. I don't get this. Why is it done? You don't reference your old games directly. Why do this at all? I dont' care about your others games and if I did I would google your company name. If you wanna reference an old game you do it subtly.Alright so it may sound like I hate the game or dislike it, but that's not true at all. I do like it, but I just want you to know what you're getting yourself into. The game isn't bad, but it isn't great. It seems to me like the devs landed on gold and then proceded to dig far away from the gold mine possibly due to lack of experience, knowledge of good game design or even just being lazy. Maybe it's all those crappy microsoft avatar games they made beforehand that ruddied up their creativity. Regardless of why the game isn't better, it's not bad and I got it for five bucks and I'm pretty satisfied with it. I'll probably still play it, but it will always leave me wondering what could be."
,Recommended,308420,14341336,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CrimsonV,"If you like rogue-like and fps games then you'll like Ziggurat.  Its a great time killer and offers hundreds of unlockable weapons and skills.  I play every so often when I have some time to kill.  If i had to directly compare this to any other game, i'd say that this is a 3-d version of Runers, but without the ability to craft your own spells."
,Recommended,308420,15333020,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Royial20 [TURBO],"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzPKZwF9u7A&feature=youtu.beZiggurat: Created by Milkstone Studios, Ziggurat is a first person shooter with rogue-like elements in which you play an apprentice wizard in training who must face the final test in order to become one of the brothers of Daedolon. That final test is the Ziggurat, a massive magic “dungeon” you must pass or die trying.First thing I’d like to share is that this game looks fantastic. There is so much color in this game! The style is quite different, I can’t quite put my finger on it but, it reminds me of Fable for some reason. All the environments, the lighting, spells and weapons you use have wonderful affects and the overall look of the game is amazing, I really love the graphics here in this game, it makes me wish there were more to see or an adventure to go on in this world. Usually I like to also include music with the overall style but here the music is average, it isn’t bad, just standard.The rogue-like elements in this game are the usual random rooms, weapons, enemies, loot, bosses and so forth. In fact the different types of rooms and the way they work reminds me a lot of the Binding of Isaac, some rooms will have you take a gamble in spending life or mana for potential gain or loss. Some will have treasure chest at the end of an Indiana Jones type room filled with either traps or a jumping puzzle in a room of lava. There is good variety here so traversing the Ziggurat shouldn’t feel too derivative.There is a lot to unlock in this game, however, you can actually beat the final boss in just an hour or two, the dungeons are pretty short so be expecting to go through multiple ziggurat runs to unlock everything. A sort of missed opportunity is having the final boss be something different or, adding more levels of the ziggurat every time you play through it so that each play through feels very different and to give more of a sense of progression.The games story is all frontloaded at the beginning cinematic and at the end of the Ziggurat, the game is entirely based on its combat. The combat is very reminiscent of games like the Unreal Tournament series or Quake Arena. The game relies on you to be fast and dodge all incoming projectiles, the more skillful you are in this the more successful you will be at the game. Weapons also lend to reminding me of Unreal Tournament, with all the weapons in the game having a main firing mode and an alternative firing mode, all this combined makes the combat feels very fast paced and chaotic, and pure fun.I really enjoyed myself with Ziggurat, its an amazing game for only $14.99 USD. I hope this isn’t Milkstone Studios last game, I’d like to see Ziggurat get the Diablo 2 treatment, same world, similar style but completely cranked up, keeping the combat and adding in more role-playing elements and maybe a world to explore. I don’t say this often, this game is also great for kids, it isn’t overly easy or hard, its got great challenge, not super intense or gory, it’s just a solid gaming experience for all.TL/DR; Ziggurat is a solid first person rogue-like shooter, you play a wizard with bombs, spells, magic staffs and your trusty wand. Pass the trial of the Ziggurat or die trying. With beautiful graphics and good old fashioned, fast action combat you can’t go wrong dropping $14.99USD for this wonderful indie. I look forward to more games from Milkstone Studios.-Thumbs up from RoyialVideo Reviews can be found at:www.youtube.com/RoyialNetwork"
,Recommended,308420,18166315,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,drivetheory,Delightful Experience.
,Recommended,308420,15068167,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Kombucha,"When I bought this game I didn't really know what to expect, I liked random dungeon games having played a couple before but I wasn't much of a fan of first person shooters. After buying the game I quickly discovered just how many weapons and perks there are to unlock, The thing I like most about this game is that no two runs will be the same. There are a bunch of characters to unlock, some of which drastically change the way you have to play the game.The first thing a friend told me when I reccommended this game to him was ""Ugh... The graphics are so..."" I feel like the graphics have their own little charm, and to say that a game should be judged by it's graphics is like saying World of Warcraft should have far less players than it does.Overall great game, fast paced gameplay, interesting level design and it'd great to see the devs are still adding things to the game. I wasn't expecting to get as many hours as I did out of this game."
,Recommended,308420,15804910,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Tak!,"If someone said to me,""Imagine a modern, fantasy-themed, first-person, action roguelike in the vein of Heretic,""Ziggurat is exactly the game that would coälesce in my brain.The action is frenetic, the visuals are great, the enemies range from horrifying to hilarious (with plenty of overlap), the continuous discovery of new weapons and abilities is addictive, and the drive to self-betterment is all-consuming.Enter the Ziggurat!"
,Recommended,308420,21738825,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,adventure21mc,"Ziggurat- A game I learned about from the one and only Jim SterlingZiggurat is one of the few examples of an Early Access game done right (which isn't THAT hard to do!), before and after its official release. It's basically a dugeon-crawler game, but in first-person instead of a top-down perspective.You're a wizard trying to pass his final tests in order to join an elite guild of wizards. But this isn't a written test like Hogwarts has; it's a matter of LIFE AND DEATH!!!!Seriously though, Ziggurat is an extremely fun game due to:+ Uniqueness+Combat+Large variety of spells and weapons (like a pistol that shoots out lava)+Largely detailed environments+Large variety of monsters to fight+Fun boss battles+High replay value (due to multiple characters you can play as)+You can fight demonic carrots (that'd be funny if every other review on this page didn't say the EXACT SAME THING!!!)In short, an awesome game.9.5/10(I know my play time is low, but don't judge me)."
,Recommended,308420,12665541,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Shadowless Khan,"Normally I am not one for these type of games but it does a good job in weapon and enemy variety so keep it fresh.  While the rooms are generally all squarish, the colors do bring each room to life.  For the price I do recommend giving it a shot."
,Recommended,308420,12663159,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,M_W,"Ziggurat is a fantasy first person shooter wherin you play as one of several unlockable wizards through randomly generated dungeons on a quest to reach the end and defeat the final boss. The level of quality is lightyears beyond any other in the genre, providing a reasonable challenge with a large variety of weapons, enemies, and abilities. Even the visual design (usually an afterthought in several rogue-lite games) is simply fantastic.Even if you're not a fan of the genre, you will find an incredibly fun first person shooter to sink your time into."
,Recommended,308420,12665886,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,HonkyPunch,"how many square rooms must a man bunny hop thru?this seems to be the dillema with almost every “procedurally generated action game”, that the level design usually boils down to a random arrangement of differently square or rectangular rooms, laid out in a sprawl, connected by short hallways- It’s relatively uninteresting and inorganic- A  far cry from the games that it claims inspiration, Doom, Quake, Heretic, the like, which are renowned largely for their inspired and engaging level design- Spaces in which the enemies can truly shine and provide a challenge, rather than throwing their payload at you from across a relatively flat plane obscured by the occasional obstacle. This isn't nessecarily a con- Just a design choice, I suppose. The gameplay itself is very on par with those games- Bunnyhopping, zig zagging between shots, twitch reflexes, the like.  The relatively simplistic level design helps to set the breakneck pace of the game, which is definitely steeped in ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥wizards"" type action. On the whole, this is a very enjoyable and tense game- I like the angle of ""Wizards and Monsters"" that is used, rather than some variety of sci-fi tripe that is becoming increasingly trite in the FPS genre."
,Recommended,308420,15725380,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Hregrin,"This game is exactly what it looks like: Heretic/Hexen meets The Binding of Isaac. The gameplay basics are those of an old school FPS, while the general game design is closer to ""rogue-lites"".As an apprentice, you are to take the trial of the Ziggurat, a trial designed to let only the most promising wizards succeed. Others will die, as simple as that. Those who survive will join the ranks of a powerful order of wizards.You enter the Ziggurat, which is basicaly a multi-layered, procedurally generated dungeon. Each level starts in a room in which you get a weapon. Almost each room is filled with thrash mobs (minions) that you have to kill to get to the portal key, which allows you to summon this level's boss (guardian). Mobs drop XP (knowledge gems), life vials and mana gems. The XP allows you to chose a new perk each time you level up.Death is permanent, so if you fail you'll have to start all over again, but the more mobs you kill, the more new items and perks will be added to the list available in your next playthrough. By completing objectives, you'll also unlock new characters to play, all of them with strengths and weaknesses.Gameplay is fast. Rooms are locked until you kill all the mobs inside so you have to kite and use available cover. There is really an old-school feel to it with a modern touch. Nostalgics of Doom, Quake and Hexen will definitely feel at home, while players used to modern FPSs might think it's a little too stripped down to the basics.Ziggurat is a solid game that goes straight to the point. It is very enjoyable and offers the potential for long hours of fun and punishment while allowing for short-ish play sessions. Definitely worth its price."
,Recommended,308420,12665320,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Enzor,Fun game. It strikes a nice balance between roguelike elements and skill based shooting.
,Recommended,308420,12666943,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Rhojin,"An amazing spell casting run and gun dungeon crawler. The ever changing layout of the Ziggurat ensures the game never gets dull. The game play is superb, the controls are smooth and wonderful and the randomness will have you coming back for more. 10 out of 10, would die to carrots again."
,Recommended,308420,26206060,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Des,"It's a fun, fast-paced FPS rogue-like with different characters to play (with different starting stats) and randomized weapons and perks."
76561197984543386,Recommended,308420,14470796,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MagiTycho,"This is an amazing rogue-like with high-end graphics and smooth gameplay! It combines what I love about rogue-likes, what I love about fantasy/magic, AND what I loved about old-style FPS (Doom, Doom 2, UTClassic). Fast-paced action in a fantasy world without regard to realistic mechanics like reloading or stamina! Tons of unlockables, varied weapons, multiple characters AND ""Endless"" mode launch the replayability to infinite heights! Ziggurat is truly a polished masterpiece of both the FPS and Rogue-like genres."
76561198029376571,Recommended,308420,16449815,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,m0rd,Feels like Quake. Looks like Hexen. Plays like Doom. A love-letter to classic shooters with unique RPG and Rogue-like elements sprinkled on top.
76561198161435080,Recommended,308420,21327842,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Forceful Mosaic,extremly good game for people who love first person shooters but with a magic twist and going a bit cazzy on the awsome and weird enermys
,Recommended,308420,23454461,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,thrAsher,"Old school feel, new school design. Ziggurat was a bit of an impulse buy, and I'm glad I am impulsive. There is a ton to love about this game, if you have any interest in roguelikes and/or FPSes, you may enjoy Ziggurat. While nothing about it is going to blow your mind, if you enjoy game loops that involve killing hordes of enemies using a varied arsenal and slowly levelling and upgrading your avatar to take on increasingly difficult maps/bosses, you will find plenty of that here. Tons of unlockables from heroes to weapons to upgrades and randomly generated maps composed of hand built rooms, Ziggurat is built to be played over and over. The game is sufficiently difficult to challenge you and draw you in, and the highly polished gameplay and randomized content will make you say, ""One more run, I can do better.""Worth full price, easily."
,Recommended,308420,23820907,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[DODO] Scootalonely,"I didn't have the highest of expectations for Ziggurat, expecting there to mostly just be stat-cranking, awkward controls and overly important and restrictive meta-progression. But it turns out that the shooting is very reminiscent of 90s shooter (this game feels and looks a lot like Heretic), meaning that there's a lot of fast movement and, if you're up for it, dodging, weaponswitching and aiming (mostly chaining or timing).I'm pleased with it, even if I would've prefered it to be longer and have a million, (semi-)randomised weapons and equipment, but that's all fine, because in the end the game feels good to play and the world really needed a decent FPS-rougelite. <3"
,Recommended,308420,15662213,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Evey,"English------------DeutschZiggurat is a mixture of (fantasy-) shooters like Serious Sam and Doom and has roguelike and unpredictable elements from The Binding of Isaac or Our Darker Purpose, just in first person mode. Randomized rooms with random weapons, drops, enemies/bosses and level ups.++ kinda old school but still very nice graphics++ lots of playable/unlockable characters++ plenty different weapons, spells and amulets, you have alchemy, staff and spell mana points, for each one there's a different amount of available weapons++ level ups with random perks for dmg, hp or exp boost++ secret rooms (easy to find)++ random events, like destroying obelisks or you can hit enemies only while jumping etc-----------------------------------------------------------------------Ziggurat ist ein Mix aus (Fantasy-) Shootern wie Serious Sam und Doom und hat Rogue-like und unvorhersehbare Elemente aus The Binding of Isaac oder Our Darker Purpose, nur in First Person Modus. Zufallsgenerierte Räume mit zufälligen guten (oder schlechten) Waffen, Drops wie Karten und Amulette, Gegnern/Bossen und Level Ups.++ schöne old school Grafik, die an alte Dungeonspiele erinnert++ viele spielbare/freischaltbare Charaktere++ viele verschiedene Waffen, Zauber und Amulette, dir stehen Alchemy, Staff und Spell Mana Punkte zur Verfügung, für jede gibt es eine unterschiedliche Anzahl an verfügbaren Waffen++ Level Ups mit random auswählbaren Perks für DMG, HP oder EXP Boost++ Secret Räume (leicht zu finden)++ Zufallsevents, beispielsweise Obelisken die man zerstören muss oder Räume in denen man die Gegner nur in der Luft/im Sprung angreifen kann etc"
,Recommended,308420,11977310,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,yochaigal,"Great graphics, fast, fun and easy to ""drop in"" and play when you've got some time.Pluses: Linux support (and it runs beautifully) and frequent updates to what appears to be a complete game.Only recommendation: allow saving of the game whenever (like FTL) while keeping the roguelike elements."
,Recommended,308420,12036566,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Perma Hexx,The best blend of old style FPS and rouge-like.  Picture a randomly generated Hexen that you could play forever.
,Recommended,308420,14298747,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,meme,When I purchased Ziggurat I thought it would just be a rip off of Diablo or Torchlight. I was wrong.Ziggurat is a dungeon crawler rogue lite game. Normal mode is difficult and I havent even touched the other difficulties. Very good game!
,Recommended,308420,12068085,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Nellodee,"Short version: It's a fun, polished game. Buy it. Long version (with gifs!):http://losergeek.wordpress.com/2014/09/11/ziggurat-fast-paced-flashy-fun/"
,Recommended,308420,16571242,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Corey,First game that I bought in the summer sale and didn't refund.
,Recommended,308420,34766136,Posted: 5 September,all,Click,"I saw this game was on sale so I thought I would weigh in. 05 September 2017 the game is 70% off which is a fantastic sale price. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys rogue-lite and perma-death games.The biggest complaint I have heard about this game is ""I ran out of ammo and I have to wait for my wand to recharge while I run around"". Yes that is true. My response? Play more and get better. Learn ammo conservation. Yes there is a small luck element but generally you can avoid having to rely on drops by learning when to spend special mana and when not to as well as shot accuracy. If the special mana dropped more then the game wouldn't require as much skill.You aren't expected to win your first time playing and probably not even the first couple times. That's the point. Over time you learn how enemies behave, how to avoid getting hit and what weapons you prefer to use. It's a learning experience that in my opinion is worth the time and effort."
,Recommended,308420,23179240,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Zarkonnen,A FPS using the old Doom formula of a ridiculously fast player avatar and really slow shots. A fun game to play a round of if you want to have a break zapping things with magic. Only complaint is that the damage you do does not feel very viscerally satisfying.
76561198009644659,Recommended,308420,29285612,Posted: 15 January,all,Cribbage,"Great little game.  They got the difficulty just right, so it's challenging but still fun.  Replay value is very high, with a great selection of characters and equipment.I've done 160 runs against the Ziggurat so far and finished the boss (on normal) on about 70% of the characters."
76561198016292979,Recommended,308420,31396951,Posted: 27 April,all,Krilldor,"After 5 hours and 3 runs I completed the Ziggurat, and I'm ready for more.What this game is, is not far from the discrition given by steam. Small to large rooms to clear, in randomly generated dungeons. To be honest, after these 3 runs I'm pretty sure I've seen all rooms and enemies. This game is all about replay though. Right now I'm ready to go on more runs with different characters and different game modes.By playing you unlock more content and at this point I wanna see what that is and how it plays. I like the whole feel of this game. The atmosphere, the music, the visuals and the pace. In a way I think it feels a lot like Quake. You only have 4 weaponslots, but several weapons per slot. While exploring and leveling you come across upgrades to help your current character make it through the Ziggurat. More upgrades are unlucked by playing.All in all I can really recommend this game on discount. It's short, but the unlocks and randomly generated levels keep me coming for (a bit) more."
,Recommended,308420,32952851,Posted: 28 June,all,Snake Guy,"I've only had this game for like, a day, and it's already become a contender for one of my favorite games I own. The gameplay is fast, fun, challenging, and addicting. It's remiscient of the 2014 hit Tower of Guns but high fantasy and not sci-fi. It runs incredibly smoothly, too, with great stylized graphics. 9/10, would recommend."
,Recommended,308420,32966766,Posted: 28 June,all,Overswarm,"This is a good game -- it's something you can play, enjoy, and come back to months later and enjoy it just as much."
76561198127167311,Recommended,308420,33031958,Posted: 30 June,all,Rónán,"easily one of the most fun games i have ever played. no real quests, it is just non stop fun."
76561198076156510,Recommended,308420,16444116,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Nemo,"This game is surprisingly fun!I had never played a Rogue-like FPS before and couldn't imagine how any game in the genre could be anything but boring, but now I am really glad I gave this a shot!The game play is great!- Each enemy and combination of enemies provide unique and interesting fights.- There are tons of cool classes and spells to unlock."
,Recommended,308420,14449134,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Gwenyvier,"An amazingly fun FPS rogue-like title. A nice variety of characters to play as, although you have to unlock them, that play differently. A nice amount of enemies and bosses, it will take you several play throughs to see all the bosses. Enemies are varied, with some leading shots to peg you if you stay going on the same path while others will shoot randomly or melee.There is a wide and interesting variety of weapons. All unlocked weapons or perks are given at the end of a run, seemingly at random. Only characters have specific ways to unlock as far as I can tell. All the weapons initially unlocked are good, some of the ones you can unlock are almost OP... and some of the ones you unlock if they show up on the starting floor as my free weapon I'll just restart because I can't stand using them. Those are mostly the ones that create temporary hazards, which CAN harm you. Admittedly some of the explosive weapons can hurt you also, but that is only if you are too close to explosion, they do not leave DoT spots on the ground you have to watch out for.There are a ton of perks in this game, most are very useful, some less so. You get to pick between 2 every level up and can find them rarely in bonus rooms. Some of the more annoying perks got reworked some with today's patch to make them more useful.As Totalbiscuit said in his ""WTF is..."" video ""Easy"" is normal, ""Normal"" is hard, and ""Hard"" is masochistic. Difficulty as far as I can tell only really effects enemy damage output, so if you know the game well you should be fine. There is also an endless mode where instead of 5 floors the game just keeps going.Rooms are randomly chosen, but from a limited set of rooms. You will eventually see them all. That being said they are all nicely detailed, can have random effects, or be a hazard/bonus room. Enemies do not appear in hazard rooms, probably because the damage from most of the hazards can kill you insanely quickly and they'd be impossible to avoid while strafing/backing up.Overall a fantastic game, which is still getting minor additions/bugfixes to make it better. I can not wait to see what else they add to it."
,Recommended,308420,16648842,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,カルタ,"Very Fun Rouge Like! Has a pretty good enemy variety, that get mixed up and varied on different floors. The game runs pretty well and has a well featured options menu. Just wheen I think I've gotten used to the enemies on the current floor, or my current weapons, I get thrown new ones that mix things up in a very fun way. I like the progression of unlocking more things the more you play, which inheritnly makes each playthrough different, in addition to the randomly generated rooms."
,Recommended,308420,19999827,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Selth Blackwings,"it's practically a ""the binding of isaac"" fps."
,Recommended,308420,19668024,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,(AU) Axton,"Ziggurat is what happens when you create a randomised roguelike first person shooter, release it early access, listen to your fans and it is absolutely stunning!A wonderful roguelike action FPS that continues to get better with each playthrough and unlocked ability. Worth picking up every now and then but isn't something you could sink a lot if time into during a full play through, lending it's self to the One or Two rounds to pass the time.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCPLC7_TdSMI think I might just drop some names here...Hexen, Doom, Serious Sam and The Binding of Issac.That's right, I did say Binding of Issac.Made by MilkStone Studios, the team behind Little Racers, show off what they really can dowith some simple gameplay mechanics.The Story, even though not really needed, sets the mood very well on what to expect.You are a member of a brotherhood of wizard apprentices, attending a ceremony thathappens once every 10 years. The final test of an apprentice to become a Daedolon Brother,the most powerful and sacred achievement for any arcane mage.The Ziggurat has opened. Giving birth to these little carrot ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!As it was told by the elders, failing is a fate worse than death, an almost offeringto the evil souls within to keep them at bay, and...*Ahem*The Ziggurat changes with each visitor, rooms shifting and changing because of dark magiceither filled with Traps or the Minions of Hell, puzzles and traps, or cleansing ofthe rooms are to be performed before moving on....The rooms themselves range from open to labarynth like, not just a standard size squareroom, some are very wide, extremely long or filled with SERIOUSLY, WHAT THE HELL IS THIS MEANT TO BE? A DAMNED CARROT?In each floor of the Ziggurat, there is a tablet called a Portal Key. When found andtaken to the Boss Room, it will summon the random boss of that floor. Upon defeatingthe boss, off to the next floor of the Ziggurat.Items and weapons come in the magical variety, coming from 4 different classes of magic,depicted by coloured vials.Arcane Magic is shown only when utilising the soul wand. Acting almost like the ""Pistol""of the group of items, it recharges over time without needing to pickup magicto restock it.Blue Spell Mana, learned from books or a crossbow, are the spread fire or Ice spells.Damaging or freezing enemies in place for a limited time.Green Staff Mana is like your machine gun ammo, staffs are very powerful but use alot of Mana to keep the damage up.and Alchemy, The Orange Mana Bar, reprisenting the cross over of Magics and Machinery,with Shotguns, Rifles and Bombs, explosive based damage with a punch!There are also unique trinkets that can be found in trap rooms inside the treasure chestsat the end of the room, providing extra benefits when needed, like extra damage or speedboosts.By collecting the yellow crystals, you can level up and select a perk each level, withthe usual more health, damage and resource usage modifiers.And with each death, more abilities, perks, items and trinkets are unlocked for the nextrun. Others unlock when certain conditions have been met.The Enemies come in Fantasy Varieties from bird like hoppers, skeletons, liches, mushrooms, flying... sea creatures of some sort that shoots lightning, haunted pieces of armor, lost souls and.. Mushrooms.Each with their own attacks and abilities, there's also unique enemy types that havea coloured aura around them, where they are either faster, higer damage or have morehealth, just for a ... THE CARROTS HAVE THEM AS WELL!?!, THAT'S IT, I'VE HAD ENOUGH."
,Recommended,308420,12619155,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Red Toxon,"Yes, Just yes. I've died like 50 times, but it's worth it so I'm gonna die another 50 times."
,Recommended,308420,12629858,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Dragonwrath,This game is solid. I love it! I picked it up on release day and it's well worth it. I love the fast paced dungeon crawler/fps shooter gameplay. The replayability on this game is insane. If there was ever a award given for a game that caused the wearing away of your WASD keys - then Ziggurat wins hands down.I'll never look at a carrot the same way again!
,Recommended,308420,11783212,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Makoo,"This is a nice little Rogue-light FPS game that really takes its inspiration from Hexen and Heretic.The graphics are kinda great and the art style is really quite fantastic. This game feels kinda oldschool with it's quick movement and encouragement of strafe shooting and secret finding for bonus cards.The ""play more and unlock something each time"" system is also not bad."
,Recommended,308420,34795572,Posted: 7 September,all,Trickster,The game is nice it looks good even with very low quality!
,Recommended,308420,28607303,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ThirdReichBestReich,I love fast-paced action rogue like dungeon crawlers and this is one of the best i've played by far
,Recommended,308420,12929437,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Rednaz,"I honestly love this game. It's the best game I've bought in 2014. It's challenging, rewarding, suprising and just a sh*t ton of fun. Buy it. Don't wait for a sale, its worth its salt."
76561198063521851,Recommended,308420,28759267,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,RaveYard,"Bought the game right after Christmas and I've now clicked so hard in the battles that my hand is cramped. 10/10, best rouge-like I've ever played and I've played a lot of them."
76561198141713260,Recommended,308420,13062917,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,derge,"I never review games but i must review this simply because this is an amazing game. ill keep it simple. Buy it right now because its tons of fun. Awesome visuals, face paced combat, random room generation for endless replayability. Would like to see more enemy variety and map outlines in future content updates but for now (and after the substantial update) the game has plenty to offer for some time. Rewarding and a blast to play. GET IT NOW !!!"
,Recommended,308420,13245809,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,davidgressett1971,"Action frenzy with a fun-loving tone. Although it is simple, there's enough variety in the art, the procedural levels, and the perks to keep it interesting. Mindless blasting monsters is a hoot. The touch of humor is also appreciated. Marauding carrots!For wide screen gamers, this game plays flawlessly over three monitors without a glitch."
76561198070134646,Recommended,308420,12657122,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,KumaBear,"This game is absolute, mind melting mayhem... and I am perfectly fine with that(except when I get headaches from playing for too long, might be the FOV, might be me having a weak eyeballs)either way 10/10 for glorious mayhem"
,Recommended,308420,12624344,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Ksalgart,"A wizard's staff has a knob on the endIt never will buckle, it never will bendHe cherishes it, and he calls it his friend,and he frequently takes it in hand.A wizard's staff is the source of his power.He checks up on it every hour on the hourAnd he's never surprised when it turns to a flower --The fairest throughout all the land."
,Recommended,308420,14226012,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Mutant1988,"Ziggurat is an old school shooter with rogue-like elements. It's designed for replayabilty, with levels consisting of randomly arranged rooms, with the weapons, items and abilities found in the levels being randomly allotted.As you start the game, you only have a single character to choose from and a rather low selection of items that can appear throughout your playthrough. As you play through the game and reach various milestones, you unlock more characters, weapons, perks and amulets, making future playthroughs more interesting.Your goal in the game is to travel through the magical Ziggurat, moving room to room fighting monsters. To progress to the next floor, you need to find the key to the boss and then find the boss room, beat the boss and go through the portal. The ultimate goal is to traverse all 5 levels and defeat the final boss.To accomplish that you have a wide variety of magical implements, of which you can carry 4, divided in the categories wands, spells, staves and alchemy. The wand is your backup weapon with recharging ammunition (Or mana), while the other weapon types have a great variety of effects and their own respective mana pool. Equivalents for all the expected standard FPS guns can be found as well as many more unique weapons and they all have a secondary fire function, which usually means using more mana to launch a greater amount of projectiles.I had my doubts before playing, but using these magical weapons is just as satisfying as any shooter with guns, with spectacular graphical effects and good sound design.In addition to your gun, you can find and equip an amulet. With one equipped, you can press E to activate some sort of beneficial effect, be it to stun all enemies around you or recharge a percentage of your mana or health. The amulet use is limited by having to kill enemies to recharge it for use again.Then there's the perks, which you obtain by leveling up. Once you've obtained up enough experience from fallen enemies (In the form of dropped knowledge gems), you can press U and then select one of two randomly drawn perks. Perks can be upgrades of various stats, special abilities or just provide you with a one-use bonus. Some of these are definitely more useful than others and there are times where you have to chose between two bad options.Once you've met the requirements to unlock them, you can start a playthrough with different characters, all which have different starting properties, perks or entirely unique abilities, allowing more variety on replays. You also have 3 difficulties (Easy, Normal and Hard) and an ""Endless"" mode, where the game keeps going and doesn't end with defeating the final boss.The game is very graphically pleasing, with a nice cartoony art style and nice colourful effects. The enemy character designs are varied and very charming and it's easy to immediately identify each enemy type and adapt your tactics to match them. Sound design is also very good, with distinct monster sounds, satisfying weapon effects and an atmospheric soundtrack.A playthrough from beginning to end takes roughly 70 minutes, but you have the option to save once you finish a floor and then continue from the next floor in your next play session. So far, I've made 11 attempts to beat the game and finished it successfully 3 of those times and plan to play it many more times.Sometimes you get a bad run where you face nothing but your most hated enemy with equipment you don't want and perks you don't need, but it's still fun to try to overcome the challenge this presents. If you die, you can always start a new game and hope for better luck this time around.So, in summary, I recommend this game for fans of old school shooters that like replayability and aren't frustrated by random factors."
76561198014812415,Recommended,308420,11802116,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Captain Redhair,IT'S FREAKING ROGUELIKE + HEXEN/HERETIC IN EARLY ACCESS
76561198034550148,Recommended,308420,12626526,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Exizt why,"Ridiculously good.  Smooth movement, fabulous art, great characters, excellent levelling... Worth every penny."
,Recommended,308420,28338015,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,.FoX.,nice. doom with stick.
,Recommended,308420,30502299,Posted: 13 March,all,Isaiah's In HD,Buy so you can play as a bhopping wizard shooting carrots11/10
76561197981683956,Recommended,308420,12602182,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,@ModernDay,"Beautiful game, absolutely love it. The Hexen influence is strong with this one."
,Recommended,308420,22916919,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,merfab76,"Hm'kay, objectively, it's a good game, meaning it's well executed, has few flaws, and is enjoyable to play.However, it very quickly becomes tedious : after 6 hours, I'm already burnt out, running around in circles shooting at the same enemies, fights getting longer the deeper you go into the levels.Another detail that bothered me : the camera is too low imho, you have the feeling you're playing a dwarf or something all the time. Not a big deal, of course.Anyway, it's enjoyable for a few hours, or for some quick sessions now and then (a level can be cleared in a dozen of minutes usually), but that's about it. So in the end, recommended, but not at the price of 15€, wait for a sale imho."
76561198005079603,Recommended,308420,28583033,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Captain Seasick,"Ziggurat is a really strange game, if you ask me. And yes, you DID ask me (sorta) by reading this review. But that's game reviewing for ya. It's messier than motherfûcking time travel!Anyway... as I was saying... ol' Zig Zag Rat here is a very strange game, because on the one hand, it's a fairly hardcore roguelite with shooter elements and permadeath, which puts heavy emphasis on player skill and mobility. But on the other hand, it's also trying to be comedic, with a giant carrot dressed like an EXTREMELY stereotypical gypsy fortune teller woman.But the abysmal tone aside, I do like Zimbabwian Cat, because it really does fill a niche which just isn't exploited very well within the roguelite genre, which is to say first person view. Yes, I know that some exist (even though I can't think of any right now), but most either aren't very good, or they're just kinda insubstantial, from what little I DO remember.And Zippity Zat-splat does have a decent amount of quality as well as quantity. Sure, you only have two measly characters to play as when you begin, barely even HALF a handful of weapons, as well as a selection of perks so slim, it'd make Kate Moss look like a grossly pregnant spermwhale by comparison. But the more time you sink into the game, whether you beat the game in your various playthroughs, or just get beaten BY the game, the more characters, weapons and perks you unlock.Some perks are almost literally worthless, like the one that when selected, randomly switches out all of your weapons for new ones AND re-assigns them to different mana-pools than normal, but some are actually genuinely useful, like Wrecking Ball or Trader, which respectively allows you to gain health when destroying stuff or allows you to convert mana crystals to other types if the crystal's affiliated mana-pool is already full.And while I'm not totally okay with the characters mostly just being a loose representation of what kinda perks you start the game with, there's at least enough of a difference between them in that regard that unlocking them makes for some sense of variety, if only in terms of starting conditions.The weapons are generally nicely varied as well. There's a spellbook that launches flaming skulls that home in on enemies and then explodes. A crossbow that ""fires"" bolts of ice and that can freeze enemies right where they stand (or hover, if airborne). There's a bomb that when thrown causes a molotov-like effect and can effectively create a literal wall (or at least floor) of fire between you and a horde of flesh-eating carrots.And that's really just three examples. Some weapons are less interesting/useful, but most of them are quite fun and/or useful, if somewhat situational, so the variety serves to make the game not only more enjoyable but also allows you to pick 'n' mix between an arsenal of flavours.So Zitty Mallrat does definitely earn itself a recommendation from yours truly. It's worth noting that I DID get the game while it was on sale, and that I DID also have to force myself to endure a few dull playthroughs as the two extremly mega-boring fûcktwäts you start out in the game with, but it's also worth noting that once you DO start unlocking shït in it, the game suddenly goes from being a narcoleptic sloth to becoming a crazy party animal that starts headbanging wildly with newfound power. 7.1/10"
,Recommended,308420,14754664,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,OddLlama,"No ♥♥♥♥ing idea what I'm doing, but I'm enjoying doing it!"
,Recommended,308420,17262505,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Saternous,"Ziggurat's lighting, mood, music and gameplay mechanics are top notch. Extremely re-playable as every time you play more weapons and perks are unlocked for your next playthrough.Could use more enemy types and room layouts, but the randomly generated levels haven't gotten stale as of 25 hours in which is more time than I have spend with larger games.I have unlocked most of the characters, but still have not beaten this game on normal yet. I am not sure if that's because I need to unlock more perks or am just unlucky/unskilled, but the difficulty curve is really nice.Fantastic game. Only way it could be better in it's current state would be with Co-op. Let's cross our fingers for a sequel."
76561198025489832,Recommended,308420,16508623,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,RootOfAllValerian,"Very difficult and very fun, I've seen a few mage FPS like this, but nothing near this complete and polished. If you want to play an aggressive, fast paced, spell flinging wizard who dies all the time, this game is for you."
,Recommended,308420,11752725,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"You are on to something here. There is still a good bit of work to be done. I would add a difficulty option that makes health drop more common. Enemy types should be more varried and I would add more. Please add more unlocks, they carry the urge to keep playing. Achievements/challenges would add more goals to take away the pain of death and increase the urge to keep playing. Since we are calling this a Rogue-like, I would add loads of random staffs/items. Some armor drops would be nice too. These things would add more variety to the game. The key goal needs to be adding replay value. The core game is a very fun twitch/""rogue-like-like"" as it stands. Quests or goals and more items would make it so much better. Character art (while good) does not match the game. It looks like WoW's orc areas. I would also raise player height 25% percent."
,Recommended,308420,13161343,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,mojo,remember heretic? this one is as close as we can get to today.
,Recommended,308420,15930606,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Castodas,"Ok, I'm giving this a thumbs up because I think it has potential and it is a decent game at least; but please read through my thoughts a bit.So, first I want to say this game is fun, for the first few playthroughs.This game has potential, for sure.However, after my first few playthroughs, this game starts to feel very cheap to me.  The ground and objects have massive sized hitboxes so that you can't shoot over things without aiming a whole foot over the object you might be hiding behind; this means you have to put yourself out further into the fray in order to hit some things.The aimbotting enemies (I know they are NPCs, so aimbotting is how they do it) have a ridiculous aim.  I can avoid almost all the smaller melee based monsters with extreme ease, but the ranged based monsters are almost too good; especially when you are in a room with a lot of them.  The spawn system compounds that further by making them appear where you don't anticipate being attacked from.  Bottom line for me, is that this makes any of my deaths feel cheap.  That so many ranged monsters can get little nicks off me without any effort.Then I was placed into a room full of the big armored guys that like to throw bombs.  Except these guy flew and their bombs left behind a fiery residue that i couldn't walk through without taking damage.I think this is a cool idea; but the residue takes forever to dissipate, and the enemy has already launched 2 or 3 more by the time it has.  When in a room with just 2 of them means I can barely get an opportunity to attack them without running through fire.  This actually happens most often while running backwards away from their shots.Oh right. I almost forgot about the monster spawn system!They literally spawn anywhere in the room, after they've spawned in the room.  So, in games like this it is very important to have awareness of everything that can hurt you right?  I thought so.But, I don't know if i mentioned that this game feels cheap yet, but this game likes to throw newly spawned monsters after you've killed the first set. It isn't like, you killed the first wave so here is wave two; more like, you kill one monster and a new one spawns.So I'm not against things like the hydra affect, where you kill a monster and two more take its spot.  That is visual, you can see that two monsters took the spot of the guy you just killed; more challenging, makes you have to think about the order in which you kill things so you don't overwhelm yourself.This game does do a little bit of that, but mainly it is just random spawns at random locations.  Right behind you for all the game cares.  Just a really cheap mechanic designed to get your hurt more often than you should.PLATFORMING!!!!  WHY OH WHY!This game starts to feel like it would belong more comfortably in an arcade. Where the challenge is designed to be high in order to get you to pay for more continues.  The platforming in this game just compounds on that idea.  I can handle the monsters all day just about; but when I get put into a platforming room i risk losing half my health or more due to the movement mechanics and lack of true awareness for where my feet are.Let me just quickly mention that I think the movement feels pretty good- when fighting monsters and trying to dodge attacks; but platforming?  It kind of starts to feel like I'm gambling away a third of my life savings on a slot machine for only a couple meager items.Again, bottom line for me is that the game has potential; but it just feels cheap as it is and I really feel like it would fit better in an arcade somewhere than on my laptop.I don't want to talk about the monster designs too much, as i'm not sure I've seen them all yet."
,Recommended,308420,21285221,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Ephiraal,I imagine working titles for this game were either Serious Sam: Wizardry or TimeSplitters: Magicka.
76561198041575750,Recommended,308420,12762282,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Sarcasting,"Ziggurat combines the replayablity of The BInding of Isaac or FTL and a first person mage game done right. Manna pools feel like they matter and are not just a nuisance. The weapon variety is great already and I have yet to unlock them all. As an avid fan of rogue lites and their rogue like cousins I find Ziggurat to be on of the best examples to date. It has polish, good looks, and style."
,Recommended,308420,15692639,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Nicking Ninaj,"If you like rogue-likes in any capacity, you need this game. Highly polished, great art-style, addictive and fast-paced run and gun shooting with indie sensibility. It's also deceptively simple in its mechanics once you familiarize yourself with it's ins and outs. I don't think there's much to complain about except for the chiding ""So Close!"" achievement you get if you die on the final boss. Cheeky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198089612801,Recommended,308420,14658457,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Scythe7,Like fast fps games? Like roguelikes? Like carrots? Buy the game.
,Recommended,308420,16035727,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,SoeySosz,this is great..
,Recommended,308420,16424735,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Rapscallion,Hexen meets Binding of Isaac.Extremely fun. Not al that long or difficult. Hopefully the content will keep rolling in.
,Recommended,308420,25210450,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Crimson Raven,"I just love this game and how it mixes some old-school FPS gameplay with modern mechanics:-The movement is fast and arcadey, there is no aim down sights, each map is a maze you have to explore and feel your way around.-Maps are procedurally generated in a way that makes sense (well-designed arenas arranged randomly to form a maze)-14 different characters along tons of weapons and perks force you to re-think your strategy every game-A well-rounded cast of enemies forces you to never get complacent, the game will throw curve-balls at you"
,Recommended,308420,25316226,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Ghastly,"I give it a solid 8/10. Gameplay is smooth yet simple, addictive, and most importantly fun. Sound design is good, the game world is basic but solid, and the core gameplay loop never really gets old. My only gripes are the lack of variation in dungeon ""rooms"" that can be randomly placed, as there are only a handful, as well as an odd ""height"" of the player character (it feels like you are two feet tall). There is one bug that seems to have existed since launch for me, and that is occassionally enemies go invisible when they shouldn't. Sometimes rooms have special rules and this can include invisibility, but every 1 in a 100 rooms or so I get invisibile enemies despite there being no special rule for it. I love that the world is fairly colorful and doesn't take itself too seriously.I highly reccomend for anyone who are fans of rogue-likes, 90s era arcade shooters, and most especially the Hexen series."
,Recommended,308420,25221529,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Discreet Noob,"Really fun fps dungeon crawler. Great variety of weapons and enemies. The main annoyance is that drops from enemies despawn at an unreasonably fast rate, meaning you focus on running around grabbing XP instead of strategically clearing the room. Great time-waster and you can save your progress."
76561198050714429,Recommended,308420,25346687,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,k0rd,"A twitch shooter featuring randomly generated dungeons and tons of unlocks. Well optimized and really fun for this type of game. Similar to ""tower of guns"" and ""paranormal activity"", but the clear best of the three."
,Recommended,308420,16382693,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Greater Gloves of Concentraiton,"This game is terrific!At its heart it's an old style FPS game, but it's just so much more than that. Think Serious Sam, but this time, you're spewing spells instead of bullets.But what truly sets this game apart from the rest is the roguelike mechanics involved, when you die, you die. No saved games. Dead. When you start a new game, the dungeon is rearranged with a different boss and secondary weapon every time, at the moment I've noticed room designs get recycled a bit but that's easily forgiven since it's a small dev team of two guys (give 'em a break, fellas!)The design aesthetic reminds me of Torchlight, yet it is uniquely its own. Textures are rich with character and the lighting is superb.As of writing this, I have yet to find fault with this game, it would be nice to have multiplayer functionality but since the game was designed for one player, I understand if that never happens.Definitely worth buying!"
,Recommended,308420,27696002,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Echoes,"A love letter to FPS from the 90's, this is closer to classics like Doom than it seems at first sight. Mix it with roguelike elements and it is an amazing game."
76561198140297131,Recommended,308420,17344189,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,JbAlan,"This game isn't as deep or embellished as I'd like it to be, but it still manages to be quite a lot of fun. The visuals are excellent, and the gameplay is solid. Definitely worth checking out.8.5/10"
76561198082405694,Recommended,308420,17345072,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Pabzooloo,"This game is a lot of fun when you first get around to playing it, and the variety in character choices gives you different ways to play every time. After your first few runs, you can get on every day for about 20 minutes, play some more and unlock extra stuff, and then take a break (still just as fun)!"
,Recommended,308420,33193214,Posted: 3 July,all,[PZ]Dr.Capa,Nice hardcore game.
76561197974170118,Recommended,308420,12478489,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Rolla!,"I've spent a good part of the weekend playing, and the game is strong. There are real consequences and ability to take chances that give it an edge over more linear FPS games. Combat is already quite solid, the trap rooms are a nice difficult challenge, and the bosses are fun. The unlocking of new characters is a nice touch as well. Overall a great mix of roguelike and fantasy FPS.I'm recommending now, easily worth 11 bucks.If this game just adds more of what is doing now it could be a major hit."
,Recommended,308420,11710324,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,OCT0PUSSIES,now i can fully recommend this game. thank you for fixing the flickering issue promptly and properly. the problem is gone and the game is performing great. the gameplay is alot of fun and the developers are worth the support.
,Recommended,308420,12692429,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Mk9,"the best fps rogue-like experience i've had yet. the atmosphere and gameplay is reminiscent of heretic/hexen and painkiller. the extensive list of weapons, power-ups and characters to unlock and play with make for excellent replay value. even at full price, it's good value for money."
76561198091356166,Recommended,308420,12846783,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Spryte,"This game is BRILLIANT, Had a fun time playing on my friend's steam-shared version. Worth every penny you pay however quite pricey if you dont have much money! I am saving up to buy it. hopefully they will add MULTIPLAYER as that is the only way I can see it improving as it is such a good game ALREADY!"
,Recommended,308420,13084240,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,neil philipino,OMG OMG OMG BEST GAME BEST GAME BEST GAME BUYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
76561198118641793,Recommended,308420,13033472,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Silky McSushi,"Ziggurat is a dungeon crawler that caught my eye for a couple weeks. I finally decided to buy and was not at all disappointed. This game deserves more attention I believe because of its spectacular gameplay, well done music, and amazing graphics. Be warned, the difficulty may be cumbersome at first, but the game is still well worth playing. To make it even better, the game has full controller support,allowing keyboard lovers and controller huggers to enjoy this game! This game is a real beauty and would totally recommend it."
,Recommended,308420,12648797,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,ScienceBillNye,Had to stop playing to leave a good review. This game has appealing graphics and addicting gameplay. I highly recommend buying it.
,Recommended,308420,14357634,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,st3alingh3arts,"Excellent game, reminds me a bit of Quake actually. Very high replay value and worth the money.So many characters - My complaint would be the complete and total lack of a female character. Not one, not even one playable female. Just a bit disappointing I guess, hearing man pain grunts and jumps is fine and good but some lady power would be much appreciated.Overall great game though."
,Recommended,308420,16319023,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,"Hugh ""Dust Devil"" Douglas",Never have i been more terrified ofcarrotsthan i have in this game10.1/10
76561198076727110,Recommended,308420,16364217,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,jarwiggo,For $5 what more can you ask for?
76561198201992636,Recommended,308420,16448090,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,YORVIK VIKING CENTRE,"british tv show ""its a knockout"" wizard edition."
,Recommended,308420,17104286,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Mr Freeze,This game is a rogue-lite where you run around in dungeons as a little hobbit killing carrot and jello
,Recommended,308420,15205293,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Relithe,"It's a mix of Heretic, Painkiller, and Binding of Isaac. Pure and simple. Less mental health problems, more blowing things up and slaughtering hordes of enemies. Fantastic game."
76561198054386712,Recommended,308420,14286589,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,[G@TP] Mrpielord,"Would you like a, ziggurat?"
76561198061027030,Recommended,308420,14784771,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Uber Thumbs,"There are few games that let a mage be a badass, but this one nails it. Blisteringly fast paced magical combat, a horde of weapons and amulets to aid you, a nice level perk system, and some decently varied dungeons to tear through. Plus KILLER CARROTS! This game uses all it's rogue-like elements very well, to both empower and screw over."
76561198027929346,Recommended,308420,14887156,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Nezer,"I am, literally, the worst first person shooter player in history.9.75/10"
,Recommended,308420,15663310,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Nick,"What a fun and unique experience. Never heard of it, but damn is it brutal, yet fair. It's on sale now and easily worth the $7.49. I hope they continue supporting it.Also, there's killer carrots. :3"
,Recommended,308420,15822861,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Sackham Le Rouge,"Nice game, could be a FPS version of Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,308420,31400159,Posted: 27 April,all,💄Ruby Red Lipstick 💋,"I really love this game. There is a lot of variety and challenge to it.One warning I have to give people is that if you have a lot of motion sickness like I do when playing a jerky type first person game, be wary with playing this. I could only last a few floors before suffering motion sickness.This is not a negative review whatsoever though! I really enjoy this game and would enjoy it a lot more if my body let me do so. Great job developers!"
,Recommended,308420,18067689,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,cunce,Great game to pass the time on. Would definitely recommend.
,Recommended,308420,14280661,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Hapeyron,"Do you like Diablo? How about Quake/Doom (the old ones)? This is kind a mix of both. You're a wizard shooting with you wand at whatever moves. You gain experience and level up, but if you die, start again! The game is not long but, as the rooms are randomized every new game, it has great replayabilty. Besides, the progression system is kind of aleatory. You can choose between two or three perks each time you lvl up, but these perks are random. I had hard time to finish it on easy, but each time you die, you receive new perks/weapons possibilities and new characters to choose (changes the fighting voices, the main wand and the strength/weakness)And the best part: it doesn't relies on gore visuals. This was a great ""feature"" for me. I don't like gore, and usually these kind of games shows lots of blood. It's a matter of what you like, but for me, that was a big plus."
76561198030819620,Recommended,308420,32100671,Posted: 31 May,all,Xoboroteni,"Played 27 hours of this and didnt know there was an easy mode. :DFun game. Run/jump around and murder stuff.The only downside is the weapon choises can sometimes gimp a playthough, but so can the perks.Otherwise all fun."
,Recommended,308420,14937695,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,I Am The Danger,"Ziggurat is a well-polished dungeon crawl, with enough features that keep you going back for another run.Some nice features worth mentioning:1) Every level you play is different; no two levels are the same.2) Graphics are very nice if your system can handle it.3) Varying difficulties: Easy (for beginners), Normal (for the average Joe), Hard (for the experienced), and Endless (for those who want to rip their eyes out of their sockets).4) You get perks as you level, which helps you tailor the character you are playing to suit a playstyle. Do you want to be tanker? You can pick the perks for that. Do you want to level up much more quickly? You can choose the perks for that. Do you want to be a ""glass cannon""? You can pick perks for that.5) Challenge rooms (example: ""Enemies Move Faster,"" or ""Deal 50% > Damage With Spells, Deal 50% < Damage With Everything Else"")6) Champion monsters, which glow, have a chance at appearing in the crowd, which are harder to kill but offer greater drops.7) Boss fights are challenging, but fun. And, there is a pool from which the boss room picks the boss you will face each time. So, it keeps things refreshing.8) Lots of different goals in the game you can play towards, such as unlocking all the characters, items, weapons, and whatnot.Overall this game gets a 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,308420,32510283,Posted: 17 June,all,damn_vegetables,"An overall fun game that's good to pop into if you have a few spare minutes.If you've read any of the other reviews you'll know it's a roguelight based in four randomly generated levels featuring various emenies, traps, perks and so forth. Killing enemies earns you mana for your weapons and experience to level up and get cards to upgrade your character. Dying is something that you actually need to do, as doing so unlocks more cards that get added to the pool of potential upgrades your character could get when leveling up. Once you hit certain milestones (killing certain enemies, using certain weapons etc) you unlock more characters.The evrer present issue that you face is the one word: random. The type and number of enemies is randomised, so the amount of experience you can get from a single level is subject to this. When you level up, you choose between two randomly selected cards. When you start a level, you get a randombly chosen weapon- and it could be of a type you already have (you can only hold one of each type of weapon at a time). Your ability to be able to take on the increasing number and strength of your enemies is affected by this randomness.With that in mind, it's still a very fun game to play. The shooting mechanincs are well put together (though I'm not a fan of the way throwing bombs are handled) and it is good at maintaining difficulty throughout."
76561198084094637,Recommended,308420,15663287,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Giant_Marvin,Oh hell yes. Doom meets Gauntlet. It's like the developers pulled it out of your diary.
76561197970735316,Recommended,308420,14377771,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Lhee,"It's like Rogue Legacy and Bining of Isaac had a baby, and then that baby was raised by Hexen and Serious Sam to grow up to be Ziggurat."
76561198072680595,Recommended,308420,26728625,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,benvlieg,"Ziggurat is a fantasy themed rogue like shooter that stands out from the crowd for a few reasons. First: It is a fantasy themed fpsSecond: It is a roguelike fps.Third: It has a old school feel and vibe to it.Fourth:It achives everythig it sets out to do almost perfectly.Ziggurat is a fast paced shooter that takes betweeb 1-3 hours to complete. The game (like all roguelikes) gets its value from replays. New characters, weapons and items are unlocked after each playthorugh. to keep repetition being an issue, the levels are made out of a random selection of premade rooms. The enemy placement is also different every time. There are even chalange rooms the has a certian condition that has to be meet or an effect in the room. Examples include: Totems that need to be destroyed before the player can move on, enemies that is small or platforming levels filled with traps. To get out of a room the player has to kill all the ""minions"". The enemies include Lost Soul like enemies, skeletal knights and killer carrots. The shooting is very fast and hectic. It reminds me of Hexen.TLDR: Amazing rouge-like. Great graphics. The gameplay is very reminiscent of the Hexen games.P.S. Most of Hexen's cheats works on Ziggurat."
,Recommended,308420,20674117,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MadMatt2185,"Just got back into this now that my computer is fixed. Love this game. Now that my current card can handle at least High graphics with no frame rate problems, not only does the game look great, but it plays really well. And you can tell that the creators had a lot of passion going into this, showing little bits of there pervious games, while also giving you tidbits of the out side world's back ground. Even giving you an entry on how potatos are important to Wizards. POTATOS! Any way, having a lot of fun, will be doing a play through of this at some point in the near future I think."
,Recommended,308420,14213969,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,dESREOXof,"This is a fantastic game. The gameplay is extremely tight and responsive, which is good because it is also very challenging. Skillful play is rewarded. In this respect it feels similar to the old style FPS like DOOM where you would find yourself with little health, no ammo and a roomful of baddies, hoping that one of the vanquished will drop you 10 hp to keep you going for another room."
,Recommended,308420,20114496,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Miner,"I was pretty excited when I saw Ziggurat in my game queue.I seemingly pressed ""not interested"" once before I saw it again and I didn't know why!The next time I saw it I immediately bought it because it looked amazing and I wasn't wrong!Ziggurat is an amazing Rogue-Like game and belongs in every library for gamers who love Rogue-Likes!"
,Recommended,308420,21242184,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Vaqqo,This Game is amazing! It's pretty much Unreal Tournament combined with One More Dungeon combined with Until Dawn (butteryfly effect) Everything you have must be used wisely or you're  screwed for the rest of the game.
,Recommended,308420,12955067,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[Tri-Power] Rex Colt,Absolutely amazing.A great game to just hop on and play.It's difficulty realy adds to the fun factor and it's great to see milkstone making such a great game!8/10Realy needs to be longer and a bit more varied but overall it's great!
,Recommended,308420,14107626,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Al3x4nd3rTh3Gr3at!,"This is a fantastic community shaped FPS/RPG/ Rouge-like. You play as one of the many apprentice mages or poor souls trying to prove your worth to the brotherhood of wizards by completing a 5 floor labyrinth. Every playthrough the room on each floor are different your weapons and spells are different, and the monsters are random. This makes every play through new and different. The game updates often with new skills weapons and perks submitted through the steam discussion board. It is hard to complete the ziggurat but every time you try you get closer and unlock new characters with a new set of base skills allowing you to play each time a completely different way. I have finally truly completed the Ziggurat and still go back for more to play with the new updated weapon and unlocked characters. Get it you wont regret it!!"
76561198031279556,Recommended,308420,15678217,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,[PGC]Thrasson,"wow...it's simple enough.entertaining enough.challenging enough.Controls - pretty good, but you cannot strafe while sprinting.Button/Keyboard layouts - easier than DiabloGraphics - I like. You can see what you want to hit, and you don't have to squint to see things. Colors are nice too.Sound - It's there.Gameplay - yes, well... keep your back to a wall and don't run out of mana. Health is the most presious commodity in the game. Make sure you are not just running and gunning, because you will end up at a boss fight with no HP and your life will suck.Auto aim has its ups and downs. UPs - you hit your targets; DOWNs - your auto target will attack things behind objects.Rooms - are simple enough. some contain monsters that you have to kill. Others, well... if you run in, you will die with your WTF face on, TRAPS!Boss fights - One boss, one room, spawning mini mobs, and nowhere to hide. Best have your A game on.Saving - THIS hurt my feelings. BUT, I can see why it is as it is. You can save when you finish a level. You may exit after you saved and RESUME your progress later. However, once you die and choose not to RETRY, guess... oh come on. one guess?Yeah, it's gone. You get to restart from scratch. Funtastic!!Don't let this discourage you. This game is just a time killer, I find. Enjoyable,"
76561198084041566,Recommended,308420,15699925,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Larriott,If you like serious sam and binding of isaac you really should own this game!
76561198050925875,Recommended,308420,17164420,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Anthony,"I bought this game day of realese and only played for a hour, forgot about it, and then uninstalled somewhere along the line.  Now I picked it back up and I am enjoying every minute of it.Pros-1 Intresting yet not innovating combat- This can be good and bad but for this game I feel it is good.2 Very Responsive on a middle of the line computer- I have a very meterocre computer and This runs beautifully3 I love this Genre, But - This game is very great and I can see myself logging well into 50 hours but not much more, unlike other rogue-likes where I could log anywhere from 75 to 300.4 Weapons- I like the reasonable amount of weapons and level up options, This is very similar to a moblie game called Soloman's keep, which I have logged soooo many hours in on road trips alone.Cons-1 The combat gets Extremely reppetitive after going through two floors with the same mobs.2 Personal Opinion- I dont like the very long and tedius tasks to unlock characters and other things."
,Recommended,308420,12871411,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,BreJ,"Very unique game. This game is addictive and extremely fun. Graphics and how fast it runs is absoluteley amazing. There are many items and characters in this awesome game. Not many rogue games are like this one, for the fact it is a First Person Shooter and a randomly generated maze that changes the experience every time you start a new game. This game is very cool and fun. Just buy it, it is worth every dollar."
76561197972581031,Recommended,308420,12882642,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Blatstatic,"I don't care much for roguelike games at all.  But I had so much fun with this game, I could not stop playing.Seriously guys, don't miss out on this game."
,Recommended,308420,12888104,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jorji Costava,"I checked this game out after I looked for something similar to Paranautical Activity and I was pretty happy I found Zigguratt.I really enjoyed my time with the game. It's fun, challenging and looks pretty great. A successful run takes around an hour or so, not too long, not too short (although that's just my personal taste).Boss fights are pretty challenging, even if i havent encountered too many different bosses.You start with one unlocked Character and by fulfilling certain criteria (like killing 200 Carrots, Beating the game once, etc.) you'll unlock new characters with different starting abilities and new items.However, my biggest disappointment with the game is the lack of powerful upgrades/items. Theres a decent amount of Level-Ups you'll get in a run, each level-up giving you a choice of one of two Upgrades. At the start of every Floor (5 in total) you get a new kind of Spell (there are 3 kinds of ""spells"", Alchemy (basically bombs), Staves and Spells). Sometimes you'll stumble across Amulets that are activatable items with a recharge timer. Now, it might be because I haven't unlocked a ton of stuff, but I've found myself getting the same upgrades again and again.Coming from Paranautical Activity and other rogue-lites (like Binding of Isaac) I was used to the mechanic of Item Rooms/Shops on every floor and an upgrade after every Boss. I kinda missed that in Ziggurat and in turn I'm missing some of the replay value of say BoI, where every run can turn out completely different. But that's just my personal preference.In case you care about a Rogue-lite's story: Ziggurat's story is fairly simple but pretty cool and interesting (I really liked the cutscenes, the artstyle is just lovely):You're a Wizard Apprentice taking part in a Test to become part of the most powerful group of Wizards, but I thought the ending was pretty disappointing if I'm honest.tl;dr:Lovely art-stylegood gameplaycool bossfightslarge amount of unlockablesI, personally, am missing the replay value, but I'm sure I'll do a run every once in a while.Wouldn't pick it up fullprice, but at a 33%-50% discount it's definitely worth the money :)"
,Recommended,308420,14141513,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,kr4b,"Before you read this recommendation you have to know 1 thing about this game:Carrots, yes carrots don't scroll away, carrots.Maybe SPOILER ALERT!!!!You have been warned.Pros:-Good graphics-Many weapons-Good gameplay style-Binding of Isaac ans Serious Sam in one game just with magic wands-Carrots-More carrots-A lot of carrotsCons:-Few dungeons-1 final boss-The bosses are based on regular enemies-The stock character is a bit harder than the other ones-You cannot be a carrot-You killing carrots-Why are you killing carrots?-This game is racist against carrots.The price of the game is not worth it buy this game below 10€So yeah i highly recommand this game.Feel free to say what's your favourite character,weapon most annoiyng combination.Mine is The librarian and the acrobat, the favourite weappon is the ""skull book"" and the most annoiyng combination is nostalgia with plants :P."
,Recommended,308420,14173164,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Tyrov,"An absolutely gorgeous fantasy action-RPG with randomly generated dungeons that constantly put your skill to the test. There are SO many characters, perks, and weapons to unlock, and while the room-based arena combat doesn't give PC graphic capabilities a true run for it's money, the atmosphere of the game takes it home with an immersive experience that I am going to be playing for a long time.If this game needs something more, I would suggest more voice acting for characters, more enemies, more rooms, and more bosses. The game currently feels a bit small even though it's randomly generated and there is an endless-dungeon mode, but I feel that it could be so much more with more content.Overall this game is a must-have for fans fantasy, magic, and dungeon crawling."
76561197981706607,Recommended,308420,14186048,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Amalzain,"This is the more dour Fantasy brother to Tower of Guns - It's a roguelike first person shooter using fantasy elements and weapons, and card based upgrades that only last through your current game (although you can unlock new characters). It is also very intense - I noticed I was dodging attacks in my chair, and holding my breath at the end of some of the later level's battles. Because it's a roguelike, it'll reward returning to it again (and I will, just like Tower of Guns), but I made it through the five levels of the main game and finished off the final boss (barely). The levels are beautiful, the monsters are ugly, and it's challenging but fair. I'm really glad I picked it up; it's definitely worth a try if you liked games like Hexen and Heretic way back when and want something with a similar feel. My only negative is that it doesn't have enough secrets in it, but that's not much of a complaint."
76561197982302105,Recommended,308420,31718948,Posted: 13 May,all,monkey,"It was entertaining for a few hours. The combat is a fairly simple: run in circles and spam your projectile weapons. It has a few little trap rooms that can be tricky jump / timing challenges. Some hidden rooms that always give you the same thing, and tells you a little bit about the game studios past, failed attempts. It made me lol and scratch my head the first few times as I wondered why they were telling me this information, in game. The map layouts are pretty boring little square boxes in an unsymetrical grid pattern, that you enter one at a time. The doors lock, and then you proceed to run in circles and spam your ""gun"" basically. The room layout and type of battle can change slightly, for example you might have to destroy these floating obelisks that keep spawning creatures, or just run through the room and kill one group of spawned creatures, or have all these little evil carrot minions that are constantly spawning and chasing you around until you kill the main doods that are summoning them. But in essence, every battle is the same: run in circles spamming your weapons. Then each of the levels ends with  a boss fight, which are a bit more challenging, but the strategy is the same: run in circles spamming your weapon. I think there are 5 levels, and after you finish the 5th, it ends. It did take me a few hours of ""failed"" attempts before finally finishing the 5th level. After about 5 hours, assuming you complete the 5th level, you will have seen everything the game has to offer, which is why this is more of a game you want to buy on sale. I like the basic idea of this game: FPS roguelike, and in some respects they got it right, but it just feels like it could have been so much more if the game studio had spent a bit more time on it. I'll give it a thumbs up on the condition you buy it on sale, cuz it's not a $15 game in my opinion, it's a $3-$4 game, which is what I bought it for. And for a $3 game, it gets a thumbs up."
,Recommended,308420,13755433,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,anonagon,"Nice look and environment, clean and intuitive gameplay, and challenging. Haven't played it much yet but I already know I'm going to be putting some hours into this."
,Recommended,308420,15199541,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Wildt,"Ziggurat is a FPS/RPG rougelike where you control a wizard who has to progress though 5 floors (levels) of randomly placed arenas/rooms (the level design inside a room isn't random) with random monsters, drops and gameplay ""mutators"". Once you've entered a room, you cannot exit until all the monsters are killed. At the end of each floor a random boss awaits.There are 3 different types of mana fueled weapons, and you get a random one at each floor. So since you can only carry 1 of each type, you could get unlucky and get the same type on all 5 levels, meaning you'd only have 2 weapons on you.Every time you level up, you get to choose between two randomly selected (unlocked) perks.Sounds random? Yup, it sure is - and while that adds to replayability it just doesn't feel balanced at all. Some playthroughs you'll never see a perk which could help increase your health, while health potion drops might be extremely scarce. So in essence, the difficulty is also quite random. This, coupled with the fact that the game employs permadeath, can be somewhat rage inducing.Luckily there is a solid FPS shooter buried beneath all the randomness, so I've mostly had fun completing the game a couple of times, while trying out different characters and getting some achievements.I have to mention that I felt the movement was a tad too floaty.The graphics and sound effects are pretty decent, but even though the music probably fits the theme, it's lacks the energy that I prefer in a hectic FPS with permadeath.Bottom line - if you like FPS/RPG and you think you can stomach permadeath in a game with unbalanced randomness, then this is for you :)75%"
76561198015233287,Recommended,308420,16659327,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mangu,"Oh my... this game... THIS GAME! This game is the baby born from Serious Sam and The Binding of Isaac, the rogue-like shooting madness experience IS DELIGHTFUL!!! EXTREMELY DELIGHTFUL! Exploring, room clearing, destroying breakables, getting perks, and I hear there might be secrets to be found... JUST GET IT!"
,Recommended,308420,14373245,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Xifax,First person procedural roguelike permadeth dungeon crawl fun! With rabid carrots and strafing slimes.
,Recommended,308420,20672348,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Constrict0r,"Great game if you like action FPS rouge-lites.  There are a ton of unlocks for difficulty modes, character classes, perks, weapons, and other items.  The game is pretty fast paced and a decent challenge.  Game balance seems really well tuned."
76561198018836133,Recommended,308420,14136141,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Lady Dongslappington,"OK old school gameers. This is Heretic and 80s Gauntlet if they had a kid and it became an insanely fun FPS named Ziggurat.This game is extremely fun.  Now there is talk of a multiplayer which I am all for. BUTthe maps/rooms would need a complete redesign to account for the increased fire and positioning of 2 people working inconcert and there would need to be a way higher variation of enemies.Any older fps single player will tell you the key to this game is to keep moving and kite.  which is great but 2 people could decimate any room as it is now.You would need to add more verticle level design and enemies that could actually adjust to that.  Some P0rtal 2 esque room variable movement options like the various goos would be amazing for gameplay.The only thing I think that keeps this game from being a major favorite is the lack of secrets.  You know when you grunt along the wall and suddenly something opens and its full of treasure or pain.Other than that if you have an itch to scratch and wish there was more bullet hell, humor Doom and Wolfenstein in the world by all means BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,308420,26866455,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,B5i Automatic Profile Changer v2,"Very fun and rewarding, the mechanics and weaponry feels really great."
,Recommended,308420,19373365,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Bash Brisecul,"Really fun, really replayable, don't let my steam time fool you I have hundreds of hours in this gem."
,Recommended,308420,13362286,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,F L U X,"Addicting, fun, looks great, smooth game-play, no flaws and a lot of cards/unlockables!!"
76561198030243599,Recommended,308420,11838060,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Auraflux,"I went into this game somewhat skeptical, but now, several hours later, not only has it provided me with hours of wicked intense gameplay, Im certain it will continue to do so for many hours more. It gets so intense sometimes that Im blasting baddies and evading enemies so fast I cant even comprehend whats happening anymore, but somehow Im still rockin it.Pros:- colorful and reponsive gameplay- easy to get lost in- wide selection of starting characters to pick that influence gameplay in subtle but significant waysCons:-eh if I had to say there were any then perhaps the levels could have more variation in aesthetics?****************This section is added on after a year of playing.This game was awesome in early access and has only gotten better and better with Devs that care, and continue to build and add updates.My previously stated ""Con"" is irrelevant now, as level variation has been added.Mostly all I have to really say about this, is if you don't like the game, fine, not every style of game is for everyone. But if you have the gall to write a review stating that you wouldn't recommend this game, then you just have bad taste, and/or don't comprehend the concept of rogue-likes and/or aspects of an enjoyable game.-------Adding to this now 2 years later. I still open this sometimes for a few rounds. An incredibly fun game thats just fun for the sake of being fun. In such that it doesn't really ""need"" replayability (though it has tons of that), simply because Its just a lot of fun to play.I have 34 / 38 achievements."
76561198066268034,Recommended,308420,11908649,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Calvinic,"Ziggurat follows one of the most basic but effective prinicples in gaming since Wolfenstein 3D: K.I.S.S Otherwise known as keep it simple, stupid. This game wastes no time with complicated storylines, characters, and all other modern gaming conventions. No, Ziggurat gets to the point and gives you just enough story for everything to be sensible.A definite buy for those looking to get their shooting fix that is reminiscent of the good ol days like Doom or Serious Sam. Even if you're not into magic."
,Recommended,308420,12071829,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Quick Silver,"--- Edit: May 2, 2015 ---Seeing this game going on sale for a couple days, I figured I would add to my previous review.  With the game out of Early Release, I can absolutely say that it is still one of my best purchases I have made, and I still highly recommend this game.  It still continues to be updated with new content, and there is at least twice the amount of content than there was in my original review!  I absolutely continue to recommend this game, and just might be buying a copy or two for my friends while it's on sale!---I'm a HUGE fan of old school games.  I'm also a HUGE fan of Roguelikes.  So of course this game was an instant buy.I'm usually careful about buying Early Access games, but I have to say I am not disappointed in the least on this one.  It gives the feeling of playing older FPS games like Doom/Quake/Heretic, but also adds the mechanics of Roguelikes, so that way each time you play, you get different randomly generated levels that makes it a new game every time.You can unlock new characters and collectable perks as you play; each character have their own strengths/weaknesses, and the perks you unlock come in the form of cards that you can earn upon level up, or even find within the dungeon.  You can also unlock new weapons to find in the dungeon as well, each under one of three categories: spells, staff, or alchemic weapons.  You also have your standard wand (your starting weapon) which, albeit weak, has infinite energy.  Each weapon has its own mana pool (basically like unique ammo types for each weapon), which can be refilled by picking up mana crystals (except for the wand, which must regenerate on its own).I've seen people complain about how the game ""does not have much content"".  Okay, yeah, the weapon selection could be bigger, there could be more floors, more enemies, etc.  But this is anEarly Accessgame, so it's still in progress!  Not to mention that it's had 9 updates so far, each one just about a few days apart!  The devs are really on top of their game and are consistently fixing bugs and adding new content.  You don't see that often!  And besides, FPS games back in the early 90s that this game was based off of had only about eight weapons, and only a handful of enemies, and their levels weren't always generated like in this game.  So I already consider this to have a satisfying amount of content for what it is.My little brother and I have logged a lot of hours on this game (my little brother plays it much more though, but plays it in Offline Mode), and we still enjoy playing it often.  And yes, this would be the sort of game to introduce younger gamers to the FPS genre, without disturbing them with blood or anything else that might bother parents.  And besides, what child wouldn't enjoy zapping their wand or staff at evil carrots?Yes, you heard me right.  One of the enemies are evil carrots that run after you.  If that doesn't make you want to buy this game, I don't know what will.Very good graphics, wonderful gameplay, great replayability.  Sure the game may seem short with only a few floors to travel through in each game, and you may get frustrated because you were one room away from the boss but yet got stuck trying to destroy some obelisks while deadly minions continue to spawn and kill you, but you'll find yourself struggling to resist starting yet another game afterward.Whether you like roguelikes or not, this is a game any FPS fan should try."
76561197970659599,Recommended,308420,12112512,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Beckikaze,Epic roguelike with stunning visuals!
76561198081308399,Recommended,308420,16450335,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,FlingusScramble,"First off this game is a ton of fun. I love trying to get all the new charecters and find new weapons and all that stuff. My only complaint about the game is I feel like it's too easy. I was expecting something like Dungeons of Dreadmor or Dungeon of the Endless, but it is not that at all. Be warned, this game is not very difficult, it starts out a little tricky but once you have the ropes you'll be able to blow right through it. I beat it in under six hours, and I've been plaing just a little more to try and unlock all of the acheivments, but that's pretty dull. Anyway, if you think that the price of this game is worth 5-7 hours of gameplay then go right ahead. I know that it can be longer if you bother to unlock everything, but honestly once you've beaten it it's a lot more boring with no central goal."
76561198101117555,Recommended,308420,16485225,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,FishtheFish,I snagged this on the summer sale and found it to be pretty enjoyable for the price. I think it would be neat if that added some coop or multiplayer function of sorts.
,Recommended,308420,16435106,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Nic the Cage,"Basically a Binding of Isaac clone, but from a first person perspective. Haven't played it much yet, but I'm sure the more I get into it, the better it will get. Just a quick sidenote, you need a semi-beefy computer to run it. I'm running on a MacBook 2011 with the latest OS and an intel hd 3000 gpu. It runs a little slow in that respect, but still playable/tolerable. Can't wait to see what secrets the game has to hide!"
,Recommended,308420,16450877,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ุ,"The more rooms I go into the less sure i am about the chances of coming out alive.Fast paced fps roguelike, perfect for anybody who's into fpses and enjoys roguelikes as well. This is something I feel like I've been missing (personally because I play fps more) since I've played Rogue Legacy, which is also a great game for its style.Alot of replayability because you always want to get farther."
,Recommended,308420,16584370,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Songdeh,I believe this is the only game I ever played whereby some enemies are able to predict your movement paths and attack you accordingly. I can't stick to running away from enemy projectiles in the same direction. Good job on this!
,Recommended,308420,16485547,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,db Uber,"If you like fast paced, quake or doom style shooting, and also like Binding of Isaac or other similar Rogue-like games, this is for you. It's a rather pretty game, nice lighting and colors, decent enemy and weapon variety, good level design, and fairly fun gameplay. It probably won't have the longevity of Binding of Isaac, but it's still a fun time."
76561198010545742,Recommended,308420,16447842,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,CrossFire,"-----------------------Motion Sickness Tips-----------------------When i first started up the game, the first thing that i noticed was the unnatural movement.You have motion blur, zooming while sprinting and above all, your camara wobbels to the left and right when walking.I turned off motion blur right away since this is a bad thing in any FPS game since you want clear view when shooting enemies, and to get good situational awareness.However for the first time i can recall i actualy got sick while playing a game, after a mere 40~ minutes, i started feeling dizzy.Since not everyone knows what names gamedesigners give to camara changes (with an exepetion of motion blur maybe) i decided to write this to help anyone that finds the previous mentioned anoying or feels sick from it.You can turn all of it off both in the Menu but also while playing.Go to  >Settings<  and then  >Game<Here you can turn off the wobbeling of the screen and sprint zooming.Turn off  >Vieuw BoB<  to stop the screen from wobbeling left and right when moving.Turn off  >Spring FOV Change<  to stop the screen from zooming in while sprinting.The last option is under  >Settings<  and then  >Graphics<Here you will find the  >Motion Blur<  that you can turn off to stop the screen from fading when moving.--------------------------------------This is not a real revieuw since i have not experienced enough of the game to give you my opinion, however if you have motionsickness from games normaly, this might not be a game for you since it involves quite fast movements.I might come back to this revieuw to give my opinion, otherwise it stands as neutral.Hopefully this was helpfull to anyone that had the same problem as me, or thinks of buying the game."
,Recommended,308420,16548447,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lianne,"Really cool run and gun (well, cast spells) type of game with randomised dungeons and a lot of customisability through picking traits on cards you unlock.Like a lot of people I really wish this had multiplayer. A lot of the gorgeous environments feel like they go to waste because you kill the minions (which honestly doesn't require running around a lot of the arena) and then... well... there's nothing. Some rooms have treasure chests, some have other things, but these giant arenas just feel like they need something to do once the monsters die. Some of them are laid out perfectly for deathmatch play which is really frustrating to see because you always think ""man I wish I could fight my friends in here"".The multiplayer aspect is definitely a huge missed opportunity, but it seems to be a big theme in the reviews, maybe the devs will listen eventually.Aside from that the game is beautiful, the art is crisp and it feels like if Torchlight was a FPS. It's a worthy purchase, even without multiplayer."
76561198025078930,Recommended,308420,16487715,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,LOOSHIFER,"Yo. This game is fun. Think of it like Geometry Wars, but first person and you're a mage.And the areas are randomly generated.And you unlock abilities via trading cards when you level up.And each run you unlock different characters and abilities to use next run.Yup."
,Recommended,308420,16483293,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kal Zekdor,"Well executed FPS/Roguelike. Smooth, bright graphics and frenetic strafing are reminiscent of early FPS games. Facing a series of increasingly difficult challenges as you explore room by room, killing monsters, collecting weapons and loot on a quest for a high score brings a refreshing arcade-like feel to a stalling genre. Persistent unlocks keeps things interesting as you burn hour after hour climbing the floors of the Ziggurat, while ever more diffcult modes ensure a balanced challenge.Highly recommended for any old school FPS fans who want to mix things up with a bit of randomized roguelike elements.(Minor complaint: The default FOV is set to something ridiculously low like 60. Makes you feel like a little kid running around the dungeon at 3 feet tall. Fortunately it can be easily set by a menu option; do yourself a favor and set it to 80 or 90.)"
,Recommended,308420,15394286,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,uwotm8,"Great game, very fun and it has no story so you can listen to music/podcasts whilst you play and not miss out.The one annoyance I have is the amount of AOE spam that certain enemies can produce. I know roguelikes are random and so the difficulty is also somewhat random, but that doesn't make those flying turtle things any less irritating."
76561198050041482,Recommended,308420,22929197,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Cosmolien,"ZIGGURAT - You may think that a game with a name as ausome as this could never live up to the hype. However this would be wrong! This game is every bit as weird and wonderful as its name suggests, its innovative take on Binding of Issac 3D will leave you watering at the keyboard."
,Recommended,308420,29291982,Posted: 16 January,all,The Delicate Genius,a fantastic rogue-like FPS
76561198068649758,Recommended,308420,31536186,Posted: 3 May,all,xQUB3Dx,"If Hexen and Serious Sam made a baby, this was it.Various weapons, upgrades, random maps, secret rooms, traps, level ups, and oh how I love the chaos. Keeps it interesting and the save feature is great.  Well worth the price, I love replay ability, I know I'll be back for more.Purchased on sale4 hours played as of review"
76561198072187551,Recommended,308420,35270438,Posted: 28 September,all,Wolfgang,"This game is probably the best value of any that I own.It is quite challenging and requires patience, but advancing through the levels feels very rewarding, as it is a roguelite (which sends you all the way back to kindergarten every time you die.)The scenery is colourful and interesting; although it is procedurally generated, the themes change with each level, making the whole thing more interesting as you progress.The combat gameplay calls for quick reflexes and sharp wits - without strategy the enemies can be overwhelming. Loot drops can be quite stingy, but it seems like they get better as levels increase and with better fighting performance. In general, you will find that you are rewarded as your skills improve, and a sense of momentum builds.Even for a really good player, there is a lot of time to invest in getting to the top of the Ziggurat, for me it could take years - and even then, the game is infinitely re-playable thanks to the procedural generation feature.A likable aspect of the gameplay is the speed with which the player can move around - a necessary feature as the combat calls for quick and precise movement.The game has a platformer element as each level has a room with a platform puzzle, which I think are usually optional.The artistic side of the game is expressed almost solely through the graphics. There is a minimal amount of game lore and absolutely zero dialogue to sit through - just the smooth gameplay, in all of its challenging and unpredictable brilliance. There is a backstory in the form of the game intro, which can be skipped. For most of us, lengthy exposition that delays gratification is not sorely missed.This title is an instant classic, which will be remembered as a highlight in the history of the FPS genre. I also think it is one of the best values for cost available on Steam, most especially when it is on sale."
,Recommended,308420,28900128,Posted: 1 January,all,veum,"This is a roguelite with more emphasis on FPS gameplay. It has a wide range of weapons and upgrades which can be unlocked by playing the game more and there are multiple characters with different stats that freshen up the gameplay. The game isn't too hard on 'Normal' difficulty but it's a good challenge. However, I wish the game were longer as there are only 5 floors to crawl through unless you play on the 'Endless' difficulty. Overall it's a good game to pick up and play if you have an hour to waste."
,Recommended,308420,28927148,Posted: 1 January,all,superdupergc,"Super fun, simple fps roguelike with great speed and great art."
,Recommended,308420,22933702,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,HuskeyG,"This game is a blast to play. I don't care for first-person shooters, but I've gotten my money's worth out of this title."
76561198020825631,Recommended,308420,23278580,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Shaddycat,"Beautifully crafted, so many unique features.  While it may sort of become tedious, new characters and weapons make it much more interesting the further you go."
,Recommended,308420,28923928,Posted: 1 January,all,Crunchy Gremlin,its simple. its action. its tactical. its hard.good unwinder if a little frustrating.makes me think a lot.well made i think.it has a good balance between simplicity and content.
,Recommended,308420,16634374,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Naughtius_Maximus,"id rate this up there with tower of guns as one of my favorite rogue like shooters. id say it is one of the best rogue like games out right now. if you like other rogue like first person games, like tower of guns, heavy bullets, or paranautical activiy (all excellent games) then id recomend this one for you as well.  if you are new to this genre then id also recomend this one, it would be a great starting place."
,Recommended,308420,17484225,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Ѯ Mecha Gandalf☭,"Ziggurat is a game that offers high paced FPS combat in great variety with a unique visual style to it. Plays kinda like painkiller where the action is almost the entirety of the game, but has quite a fair amount of random factors involved too.While great skill will get you far, if your luck is poor, skill wont get you far enough. Which is fine, it gives the game a challenge every playthrough as well as keep itself fresh.  Unlock weapons, abilities, and characters to get you motivated to keep playing, and after you have unlocked them all, you should be comfortable enough in the gameplay to try beating the game with each character, all of which have perks and drawbacks, and some of which have special endings.The game doesn't really feel like it is missing anything, it doesnt ask to be anything else. However if there was any single thing i would ask the developers to add, it would be multiplayer."
76561198020613938,Recommended,308420,17802534,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,zeuljii,"This game is excellent for a casual player to brush up on twitch gaming skills.  The controls are simple.  The random generation, variations on rules and slow release of content througn gameplay keeps it fresh."
76561197970645999,Recommended,308420,22542920,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Shadrack1701,"I think this is an amazing game.  The pace is fast and enjoyable, the replayability is as good if not better than some other rogue-likes, and the graphics are fantastic.  You get various weapons/spells/items, along with perks as you level, they have implemented daily challenges and all the stuff other great rogue-likes have.  The only difference is that this is a fast paced lovely FPS.  I have played this game quite a bit and my only legit complaint, is the characters feel way too short.  That is it.  Honestly this game is worth the money if you enjoy a solid FPS game.  I liken this to a rogue-like Serious Sam.  I hope they make another one, or even a full FPS game in this universe with this engine."
76561198054942993,Recommended,308420,18743021,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Ferensviel,"I really love this game, I don't have a lot of time at the moment to play games as much as I would like, but Ziggurat is perfect for playing even for a short while, trying to unlock some perks or new weapons.The graphics are really great, the are a huuuuge amount of weapons to unlock (Spellbooks, Staves and Alchemic Weapons) as well as other characters to unlock that completely change your playstyle."
76561197979998458,Recommended,308420,15452184,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,CheapO,I don't like FPS games.  I respect the genre but they usually just aren't for me.  Something about Ziggurat is so entertaining that I can honestly say I really enjoy spending time in that world.  Those of us that remember spending lots of time pumping in quarters at the local arcade will feel just at home here.  There is lots to master and the game over screen comes swiftly and often.  Every playthrough is different and well worth the time spent.8.5/10 - will be paying full price for future expansions and/or sequels
,Recommended,308420,18009187,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Fortune Fog,"To The Point Review:+Beautiful Graphics+Well Optimized+Challenging+Fun+Unique Enemies+Rich LoreFluff Review:Zigguarat is a fun, randomly generated, adventure fantasy game. It has beautiful graphics, especially for an indie game, and is extremely well optimized. The game itself is a lot of fun, and a large part of the game hinges on choices the player makes. Choices to go to all of the rooms in the dungeon, or which perks to select, or what wand to use. Each choice plays a vital role in your survival. In true dungeon crawling fashion, you must explore the map, collect items that power you up, and fight a boss at the end of each dungeon to move forwards. I, by the time of this review, will have logged roughly 15 hours on the game. This is an average Dollar To Hour Ratio, about 1 dollar an hour to play the game. It is definitely worth the full price, and it is extremely fun to zip around the map, with unique wands and weapons, fighting flying imps, splitting rock monsters, and even crazy carrots. The game is challenging, so don’t expect to beat it on your first try. The lore is rich, and is shrouded in mystery. With luck by your side, I hope you can leave the Ziggurat alive."
,Recommended,308420,21042022,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,=(eGO)= Garrulous Garbanzo,"Played as the Holy Cleric.Reached the End BossSacrificed some HP to the gods beforehand at an altarAlmost killed the final boss, but died because I was a few HP short10/10"
,Recommended,308420,13745795,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,hosser UK,"Kind of a fusion of Hexen/Heretic and The Binding of Isaac. Tons of replayability, nice colourful graphics, lots of stuff to unlock... Good stuff."
76561198027785846,Recommended,308420,12646493,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,ChaosRepeated,"Oh my god.Its as if someone decided to make a neiche game just for me.Its a bullet hell,  fps, rougelike, game where yoou play a magic user.Its fast paced, really gets your heart pumping and highly different each play through.Its as if hexen, doom, playing tf 2 as the scout (although its single player only)  and rouge had a baby.So much fun!"
,Recommended,308420,12665573,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Ichimoto,"Dungeon Crawling, Rogue-Like lite, first person magic blasting action!Pretty fun, can get pretty intense, I recommend it!"
76561197989944055,Recommended,308420,12786737,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ser iDr.Fluff,"Ziggurat is the perfect blend between an oldschool fps and the roguelike genre. The game is fast, difficult, rewarding and doesn't seem to suffer from the problems most roguelike fps games have. There are enough monsters and weapons to keep you playing and every character you can play has a different playstyle. If you like the roguelike genre, but you get easily bored of them? Then this is the game for you."
76561198003566968,Recommended,308420,12263886,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,LastSide,"DISCLAIMER: THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS REVIEWGAMEPLAY->4/5CONTROLS->5/5 (you can rebind keys)VISUALS     ->4/5SOUND       ->4/5OVERALL   ->4.25Ziggurat is a first person Rogue lite game that put you in the shoes of an Apprentice in his last trial... face the Ziggurat.You will begin the game as the Apprentice. No downside nor anything special. Equip only with a Wand, you will have to wander around each floor of the Ziggurat in search of weapons, amulets, mana, experience and perks. In other to give you a bit of an edge, theres secret rooms, scroll rooms (this room gives you a bit of info on the Ziggurat lore), divine rooms, treasure rooms and the occasional amulet(Challenge) rooms. But be on the look out for danger rooms, a room thats filled with traps.As the Apprentice, the first character you will be playing as, has nothing special and no downside. 100 health and equip with a Wand. On the character screen, there will be some characters that cant be used yet but conditions on how to unlock it are provided it so in the course of the game you can have some sort of goal.  Every character, except for the Apprentice, will have a downside though. Adjusting on how you are going to approach the Ziggurat is a must. As you grow in lvl, your health/mana bars increases, how much depends which character you are at the moment.Your speed in this game is pretty fast much like playing Heretic which this game makes a visible homage to and most enemies will be at your toes.Theres 4 types of weapons and each weapon has its own mana bar, each mana correspond to its weapon type and  over 12 weapons to unlock.The initial Wand has its own mana pool which replenishs itself at a fast pace overtime, Spell mana which are your ""shotguns""/homing spells, Staff mana low damage high firing rate weapons and Alchemy mana which are your grenades. Almost all the weapons are gratifying/effective to use, Heretic style weapons.Overtime, I did notice that some weapons are not up to snuff. Like Fireweaver Grenades, functions much like a Napalm grenade but enemies either takes too long to be killed in it or they just run way too fast (almost as your speed) or Hellish Ember which fires fast shotty fire embers but deals low damage.The game has 5 floors with different tilesets, new enemies every 2 floors and increasing difficulty. Most enemies are either shooters or melee. Shooter enemies tend to have either -homing shots, -they fire at where you are going to be or -your normal ""fire where you are now"" behaviour which the first 2 will drive you crazy from the 3rd floor. This can be detrimental if you are stuck in a small room with nowhere to run.Lets talk about how you gain lvls. To gain a level you need experience, to gain experience you need Knowledge Gems, to get those you need to kill an enemy, it will drop a Knowledge Gem and you will need to grab it before it dissapears.This  becomes crucial because most of the time wheres the Knowledge Gem is, its too dangerous to pick because rooms can become too crowded with enemies or it might become a shmup.Enemies dont spawn in an instance but rather, when you enter a new room, doors will get locked, monsters will spawn but theres a limit of how mnay monsters can be in one room at a time. This means that if 7 monster just spawned, maybe another 10 are waiting to be spawned. Meaning that picking up those gems can be gamble for  your health. This is great so rooms dont become too crowded but, theres a small amount of rooms that are still too small for this.Despite how sometimes gaining lvls can be a pain in the butt you have certain rooms to give you an edge.-Divine Room which you can offer 50% of health/mana or just pray to get a buff but beware, theres always a chance for bad Blessing, you may lose health/mana and even weapons! So I dont find myself using them after the First floor. Some people have reported that using them can end your run of how bad it can get. If you are going to lose anyhow, use them.-Treasure Rooms, approach the treasure and you get random loots, but again... you might get ambush at the same time and monsters will spawn which... it happens way too often so always be ready for battle. Again, I dont explore them if I dont need an edge since loot can be anything, from Chalices(only for score purpose) to perks which rarely happens.-Challenge Rooms, at the end of these rooms awaits an Amulet, a one time activation trinket that gives you a great advantage for a short period of time and can be refilled by killing enemies. Theres only 1 Challenge Room that well... its not so much as Challenge but lucky, you have to choose 2 path, both covered with Burning Coals traps and you cant see the end of either passage because of how dense the fog is in that area and one of those paths is a dead end.-Secret Rooms which can be spotted if you get to see a cracked wall on other rooms, they always contain a free helpful perk. Why the helpful tag? Well...Perks, everytime you gain a level, you increase your Max Health and your Max Mana for every pool and you get to choose from 2 random perks, 1 perk thats permanent and always helpful (Regen for pools, Increasing max Mana/Health, etc.), One Shot Perks (dissapear after certain conditions) or perks that might drastically kill your health/mana for a questionable advantage.One Shot Perks includes Infinite Mana until you get hit, Restore Half of your HP or Spell/Staff/Arcane Weapon Summoning (and more!) which are really great on a pinch or if you dont want to pick up the Scholar perk, more on this later.Keep in mind, the only way to restore lost health is via loot drop, enemies dropping a health potion, via Chest Room (too random to depend on this room) and Divine Rooms (unless you are going to lose, not great for health purposes). I dont mind much but most Perks of this caliber are on a Crusade to kill you even before you are touching 2nd floor. Most of them seems to remove 50% of your health (not MAX) for questionable benefits like refilling your mana (enemies drops more mana and Chalices than Health), faster firing rate, increase your MAX health, or Halved your MAX Health to restore 250% per Health Potion(rare drop)? Others will edit drops but on how much?Its a feel game rather than a number game? Most perks, in fact almost every perk in the game will not tell you how much they affect, what is the percentage bonus or how they affect, they give the player so little information you are left wondering the good/bad faith of the developer for said perks.->Scholar, bonus to exp but we've all bitten the bullet on thi since ancient times and we all know that this is mostly useless and doesnt pay for itself on top of that wont tell you how much. Its only 5 floors! Ive completed the game on lvl 13 with a character that had 3 of this. So in restrospect, it never paid for itself.->Turtle,""Greatly Reduce Damage taken but also damage you take""... I dont even know what this means.->Amnesia, ""Switches Mana pools and increases their size""I can make a laundry list for this. Until we get a proper guide/wiki... I guess everything will fall down to constant testing.The game can be rough on some things but the aesthetics, the weapons (a small of them I despise), Perks (yeah, i dont like it they dont have numbers plus I dont use most of those ""Ill eat your health/mana"" perks), music and sounds all combine to a great balance game. The experience mechanic is not for everyone, I didnt like it and I think is detrimental, good thing you can get perk in other ways.Boss fights are great! Thrilling music, giant bosses and unique patterns. No boss fight is the same. Random rooms and every playthrough will net you at least 1 new perk to be unlocked.Fans of Herectic and Rogue like games will find this game entertaning with its aesthetics, difficulty and gameplay. Its quite a challenging game."
76561197989458492,Recommended,308420,19489916,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Calder,A good bit of quick fun.
76561198046391003,Recommended,308420,12907971,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zephyr,"Fast-paced wizardy action with a great enemy and magical weapon variation. If you ever wanted to be a wizard when you grew up, this game is for you!"
76561198015440616,Recommended,308420,17822982,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Dr_Sausage,"More fun than the sum of it's parts, Lots of replayability. The Metacritic rating of 76 seems a little low.One thing that stands out ,because of how well it sits in the background, is the music.Another thing that stood out to me was how creatively they managed characters skills with cards. It means they could add new charachters without massive amounts of complexity.Yet the most amazing thing might be that they did (add new characters) for free, and new cards/skills/monsters and other complex stuff.Goes to show what talented game makers can do with this game engine.  I plan to play more.I'm rating this game 'Q' for some reason."
76561198001428451,Recommended,308420,31522889,Posted: 3 May,all,som3dud,"Hours of mindless, sparkly, magical, murderous fun! 5/7"
,Recommended,308420,13756632,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bovine Joni [VC],"Great game. I'm reminded a lot of Heretic and Hexen when playing it, and I'm not complaining. The combat is fast and frantic, all the weapons feel great (I'm a big fan of the magma rifle) and the enemies are suitably challanging to face. The level setup is similar to Paranautical Activity, but feels much more refined: Walk into a room, fight a mob that spawns (unless you get lucky and theres an item), go to the next room. One room is reserved for a boss that you need to beat to advance. Occasional traps and room conditions, such as move slower but do more damage, change up the formula a bit. Everything is also randomized on every playthrough to keep things fresh.I enjoy this game quite a bit, easily one of the better rogue-likes and shooters i've played recently. Highly Recommended."
76561198068693256,Recommended,308420,31609296,Posted: 7 May,all,Zappadvocater,"Tight fast paced 3D ranged blaster with minimum inventory, random dungeons and replayability. Looks great, runs well."
,Recommended,308420,12719332,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Bezerked-Hulk,"Quite the most fascinating FPS rouge-lite game I played. Multiple endings, good or bad, who knows? It's luck of the draw if you beat the game!UPDATE: Thanks for fixing up those acheivements! I got one of the three I should have got a long time ago for now, but hopefully I'll get them soon enough!"
,Recommended,308420,11821551,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,GhostYy,"Pretty solid game at it's current version, but needs someserious balancingbefore I can reccomend it at it's full price.6/10Low rating due to the balancing, once that is sorted I could easily make it an 8."
,Recommended,308420,12389964,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Lets,"Really enjoyable dungeon crawler with a unique FPS spin on it. If you enjoy the permadeath dungeon crawler genre that is running rampant right now, then definitely try the game out."
,Recommended,308420,11760719,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Michformer,"A fun and fitting homage to Hexen/Heretic that's enjoyable in short bursts. I highly recommend this game to anyone who fancies a pick-up-and-play FPS with old-school, RPG and roguelike elements!"
,Recommended,308420,14106302,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,{TGC}Fr33,Well damn that was fun......Was looking into this for a while now got it the other and played it and boy am i glad i did its a fps rpuge rpg that is awesome because the game genrates new surrounding everytime so no game is the same which is awesome which leds to alot of replayability which i thinks awesome today because it means you can play this game forever and it always feels fresh thanks to dev's i have a game that will stay downloaded if im feeling for adventure!!!\Works on 8/8.1/7Pros:A new game is always a new game random games.Looks of secrets and enemies to find/FPS dungeon crawler nuff said.Challanging and fun puzles that will make you scratch your head.Cons:There could be more bosses and enemiesThere could be more classes and weapons- Recommend to play anytime hope this review helps you choose to play!!!
,Recommended,308420,12623518,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA,"Ziggurat is a game that harkens back to a much simpler time in the history of the first person shooter genre where a player would pick up weapons, run into a room, blast an assortment of monstrous creatures,  pick up some loot and kick the next door down to start the entire process over again.Although this is an extremely simple way of explaining this game, the actual gameplay is refreshing in a time where the first person shooter genre is filled with many titles that don’t try to do new things.It is not that Ziggurat’s gameplay is entirely new. The shooting itself is obviously inspired by older first person shooter games such as Doom, Heretic/Hexen and Quake. If you have played any of these games, this will be the first thing on your mind when you boot the game up; specifically with the title Hexen as, thematically, both games are about magic wielding main characters and share fantasy themes of wizardry.Ziggurat’s uniqueness lies in how it conjoins this gameplay with “rogue-like” elements in which levels, weapons acquired and character perks are all randomized and change with every play through. This, coupled with the frantic pace of the game play, creates an experience with high replayability, quick satisfaction and, most importantly, fun.Like many games in the same “rogue-like” genre, Ziggurat has a definite beginning, middle and end that players are capable of reaching in 30-45 minutes of gameplay. This time may be longer if you are skilled at the game but will likely not happen for your first couple times through the game. If games do run long, you do have the option of saving between each level.Even when you die horribly, the random elements of the game pull you back in and make you want to start over just to see what new configurations you will run into.I highly recommend this game if you are looking for a game with good replay value. The aesthetic is refreshing and colorful at a time when the genre it belongs to can feel very dull.Also, vegetables that try to kill you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mootNQxxHI"
76561198048385355,Recommended,308420,33883857,Posted: 29 July,all,TerezarOmega,"A doom style first person shooter using magical artifacts instead of modern guns, where the player has to navigate randomly generated floors of rooms full of traps, hazards, and enemies.A little too much first person platforming requred for my taste, but a great take on what you can do with a roguelike FPS."
,Recommended,308420,29073354,Posted: 6 January,all,papaya,What if Binding of Isaac was in FIRST PERSON?(and also had less grotesque bloody monsters and more fireballs)
,Recommended,308420,31389448,Posted: 27 April,all,Wladzilla,"""Serious Sam""/""Will Rock"" with rogue-like elements set in the world of Harry Potter and fueled by the dark & toxic imagination of American McGee.Buy it and play it."
76561198056845444,Recommended,308420,31451713,Posted: 29 April,all,adamd513,Damn good challenging game 10/10
,Recommended,308420,31602186,Posted: 7 May,all,Dknight,"This reminds me old goods games like Doom, Heretic, Hexen, Quake. Great combat dynamic action. I miss co-op and deathmatch, if this game has such modes for me it will be one the best games I ever played. Strongly recomend to try this masterpiece."
,Recommended,308420,16530499,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Payne,"Harry Potter meets The Hunger Games in this First-Person Shooter. The game is reminiscent of the classic Heretic and Hexen games, which themselves were fantasy spinoffs of the Doom games. That being said, don't go into this expecting a traditional FPS experience, Ziggurat is a roguelike action shooter that requires quick reflexes instead of puzzle solving.You are essentially an apprentice wizard going room to room (and level to level) facing challenges with the ultimate goal of escaping the ""Ziggurat"". I was initially concerned that the fighting might be a monotonous grind, but each battle is fast and furious with a multitude of room and monster variations. The fighting is broken up with trap rooms, secret rooms, and treasure rooms. There quite a few characters, perks, spells, and weapons to unlock as you play through the game.I hate any form of grinding, but even after 13 hours of game time I haven't found it repetitive and I am still enjoying Ziggurat. It is definitely worth playing and ultimately conquering."
,Recommended,308420,12691548,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,[TSC] SneakyTigerZ,What i really look for in a game is replayability. If the game is easy to replay and is fun to replay i am sold. Ziggurat is one of those games. Ziggurat is easy to pick up and easy to put down. I always find myself playing it in small bursts. It is worth the money for me.Keep in mind you have to like these Genres in order to appreciate the gameRogue-likeFpsPerma-deathIf you like all of those then i reccomend you buy it
,Recommended,308420,12690586,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Four Horseman,"Very enjoyable; the campaign could be a little longer, also, I would like to see some different game modes.  Ziggurat is a FPS, rouge style game.  Only one character is available when you first play, however, as you progress (die a lot) you will unlock other characters.  The monsters in the game are done very well and are fun to battle.  I've found the difficulty ranges from fairly easy (on the easiest mode) to really freakin' hard (on the hardest difficulty).There is a fun leveling up system that allows the player to pick different perks as you progress.  On my first playthrough (on  easy) I got to level 11 and the 4th dungeon floor.I do recommend this game for fans of rouge style, FPS, and dungeon crawler games.  Know before you buy that the campaign is fairly short, but the price is not too steep either.PS. I really hope the devs add more game modes."
,Recommended,308420,12651847,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,StewieTheThird,GOD DAMNED CARROTS DROPPING FROM OTHER CARROTS.
76561198053755819,Recommended,308420,11774518,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Flamie,"Great game so far, can't wait for some new things to be added! :3"
76561198036441532,Recommended,308420,24626815,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Sordos,It's fun fast shootan but with magic instead of guns but way too much luck based that even on Normal difficulty it can be stupidly hard to get started and some random rooms are just instakillers no matter how much the lady luck blessed had blessed you earlier.If you get it for 5dollars/yoros at most it's worth the purchase but anything higher... nope.jpg
,Recommended,308420,15390323,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Jamie Rose,"Ziggurat is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love child of the 90s FPS games Heretic and Hexen, and modern roguelike games like FTL or Risk of Rain. You play a student of a secret society of mages going into the proving grounds known as The Ziggurat. Succeed and you will stand with them as the guardians of humanity. Fail and...well, just don't fail. It would be bad.All the hallmarks of roguelikes are here. Random dungeon generation, random item placement, random enemy encounters, random bosses...You get the idea. You can find cards that increase your stats or give you passive abilities, you also are allowed to pick one of two of these cards every time you level up. A bizarre cadre of weapons and amulets can be found and these items are unlocked based on how well you did each run. Characters with alternate starting abilities can also be unlocked by reaching certain milestones.Being a roguelike, this game is hard. SUPER HARD! Even on easy the game is very challenging and some bosses are a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ (I'm looking at you, Lady Audrey...)The game does have a sense of humor and there's plenty of references to 90s shooters like Doom and Rise of the Triad placed through out the game. As well as other references too. I won't spoil any of them. XDIf you're willing to mitigate the frustration factor of it being very difficult, then this game is can be a lot of fun. It's a great throwback shooter with roguelike elements that can be quite addicting. It's probably not for everyone, but check it out for yourself and see.If you're a roguelike junkie, like myself. BUY THIS!"
76561198009105454,Recommended,308420,11774078,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Here come the Gunz,"Very good game and a bargain for the price. Also, don't be fooled by the 'early access' tag, this could pass for a full game with no questions asked. It uses a simple concept, but makes it all its own and more.In a perfect world more lore and cinematic cut scenes would be great, as well as co-op, but with 2 programmers and 2 artists they have produced as good a game as I could of hoped.8/10Being able to save my game would be nice though."
,Not Recommended,308420,32728958,Posted: 24 June,all,Piggy85,"Let me paint you a picture:You have just entered a new room and minions are spawning on the far side, you move towards them to clear them outthe are 3 types of enemies that spawn i nthis room: creatures that throw a projectile that leaves a burning area, a creature that leaps at you and a creature that trows explosives and does a unavoidable slam if you get close.you have kill a couple of enemies and their xp ,mp and health drop are near the slammers... and they will expire after a while, but you need the xp for skillcards.So after taking unviodable damage you of cource run backwards fro mthe slammer trying to avoid their explosives as you run right into a burning area taking yet more damage.after sidestepping the burning area you take more damage from a leaping creature that spawned behind you because ""lol we'll have more enemies spawn in before the room is cleared""."
,Recommended,308420,12617163,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ChaosReigner,It is MAGIC in the night
76561198100340148,Recommended,308420,12994301,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Jizanthapus,"Flashy, fast paced, and not too difficult to get the hang of. Fans of old school doom/heretic/hexen will enjoy."
,Not Recommended,308420,20636568,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,brownegg,"It's possibly cool, but it's extremely difficult and has no instructions / tutorial / help.  Basically the entire game is running backwards and frantically shooting at flying stuff using a crosshair.  No idea what the love is about."
,Recommended,308420,30917702,Posted: 3 April,all,Papa Smurf,Not Bad...There are a fair amount of upgrades. The combat is pretty good. The randomization is good. Graphics are actually quite nice for this genre. Doesn't quite have that itch-ya-just-cant-ever-scratch feel when opening that next lootbox though.  Items are paced very particularly and upgrades arent usually game changing. At least so far.  I can see where in another 10-20 hours gameplay the unlocks will offer a much wider variety.
76561198071421958,Recommended,308420,11973534,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,eternal jape,"How could I not recommend this, an actual firstperson roguelike, what did I just say? A roguelike, not a roguelite, a game that feels like the old roguelikes with insane level generation, not procedural, randomly generated levels.A great vast supply of weapons to your disposal, I'll get as many hours in this as nuclear throne, I'll bet you.Frequent updates, amazing graphics, great art style.It's surely going to be an inspiration to other roguelikes in the future, the developer is kind and helped me thru all my troubles with this game. All.This even makes MALEVOLENCE look like garbage, the best RPG roguelike you've been waiting for since nuclear throne!What this game also has what most roguelikes don't, a good plot and storyline, it's all what a modern roguelike should have, except, the fun part is.It never ends.Get it, I can't recommend it enough. And if you won't buy it, you'll be sure to see me playing this game a ton.Im also not gonna spoil what's so amazing about this game, just purchase it yourself, I'm sure you'll have a breathtaking experience."
76561198044826320,Recommended,308420,12635657,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Khani,"Here is my 2 cents on the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FukrFEKjf7g&feature=youtu.beOverall, Ziggurat is a well made, fun, randomly generated rogue-like fps that I would recommend whole heartedly. The sound design and aesthethic are pleasing to look at. With the small time I've had with it, The only real thing I don't like so far is some of the level designs, but thats probably just because I dont have my head around the combat system completly yet. Overall a very fun game8/10"
76561198089269695,Recommended,308420,13353944,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Magi,50 min run then get killed by a dinosaur thing.... anyway i'm over that now and i really love this game mouse sensitivity is still to high at 2 :p but it's still amazing
,Not Recommended,308420,13764439,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,YAN,"Two of the things I hate most about FPS games are bulletsponges and kiting. Unfortunately this game has both in spades. I enter a room and I'm greeted by a horde of guys with swords mindlessly running after me, so I sprint away, fire a few shots and repeat this tens of times until they're all dead. This isn't my idea of fun, it's a chore. The big, flying guys are a chore because they also take ages to kill. The stone golems that break into smaller ones are a chore. The carrots are a chose because they're about as fast as the player and will chase you down until you turn around a land a few shots.So with all this running around, you tend to forget the other enemies with ranged attacks that can attack safely, knowing that the player has their hands full sprinting from one end to the other, trying to avoid a ball of melee death. This way you tend to forget about the ranged enemies and then you run into their projectiles. I could use a different weapon, but eventually the ammunition runs out and I'm back where I started. I really want to like Ziggurat but playing it isn't exciting, tense or fun. Sure, it's difficult but for all the wrong reasons.In the end, it boils down to how well you can kite the enemies and how well you can keep your health up. This is really not a fun game for me so there's no way I can recommend it."
,Not Recommended,308420,31758904,Posted: 14 May,all,Zed2100,"- The game is supposed to be a 3D fps, yet the levels are very flat, there is absolutely no verticality except for some stairs and a few platforms. It just feels artificial compared to Tower of Guns.- The bosses are cowards, they all spawn minions and can't fight on their own, they don't have interesting patterns either. Their design feels lazy as they all more or less have the same boring mechanics: shoot a little, spawn minions, rinse and repeat. Some bosses even have the unfair advantage of shooting hitscan bullets that can't miss, this is but a cheap attempt by the developer to make the game harder.- You will often find yourself using the underpowered default wand against bosses, because ammo depletes very quickly- You will face tiny flying enemies that do a lot of damage in the later stages. They are almost impossible to hit when using a controller.- Some fights drag for too long when your only choice is to bunny hop around enemies while waiting for your default wand to recharge.This game feels unfinished. It should be in early access."
,Recommended,308420,12674745,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,DayWeMet,It's fun :D.
,Recommended,308420,17340755,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,jamzsabb,"When I discovered that FPS + dungeon crawler was a thing, I went on a bit of a buying spree.  Eldritch got me started on the genre, then Barony, then Paranautical Activity, and my search has ended with Ziggurat.This game is great!  All I was looking for was a solid fps dungeon crawler with randomized maps, some different weapons and enemies to kill, and fun to have.  Ziggurat delivers that, plus random perks from praying to statues and when you gain levels, different classes to play, gorgeous artwork and graphics, lots of enemies, lots of weapons and a game that kicks your♥♥♥♥♥every time you play but makes you want to keep playing and get further instead of ragequit.I wish it had multiplayer, but that's my only complaint so far."
,Recommended,308420,17356243,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,StrungSweeney,"Fantastic and awesome game,It has the fast paced FPS action like the old school dooms.The randomness of Binding of issac.Hundreds of perks and weapons, amulets to unlock."
76561197969417125,Recommended,308420,13895918,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,G00N3R,"Ziggurat is a magic themed first person shooter with roguelike elements. You are a wizard and your goal is to fight through a dungeon one floor at a time, find each floor's portal key, summon and defeat the boss, and progress to the next floor. Each floor has a random layout, and there is permadeath, so every time you die, you're back to the start of the first floor.The FPS mechanics are great - fast movement, responsive aiming. There's no regenerating health, instead you need to find potions or make use of some other magical abilities. There are four different weapon classes - wand, spell, staff and arcane. Each class contains multiple weapons but you can only carry one of each at a time. Most weapons are direct fire projectiles, but some have special functions such as grenades, spread shots, and poison damage over time.There is a wide variety of enemy types, from skeletons and mages to killer carrots, weird plant things and those annoying floating skulls from Doom. They have a mixture of melee and ranged attacks, and some have special abilities such as summoning minions, invisibility or firing homing projectiles.The environment itself can be a danger too. You'll encounter various trap rooms - fireballs, spinning blades, lava pits, floor spikes. Some fight rooms have special rules such as increased or decreased damage or movement speed, enemies spawn in pairs or enemies release a poisonous cloud on death. And you can gamble health or mana at shrines - hopefully you'll get an ability upgrade, but you might suffer a downgrade.Every time you level up you can choose one of two randomly selected upgrades, and every completed playthrough - success or failure - unlocks more that are available to choose in future playthroughs. There are the usual increased health/mana/weapon damage but also more creative ones such as do more damage when below 25% health or regain health by breaking crates.Its a short game - there are only 5 floors and my successful playthrough took just over an hour - but there are 12 unlockable characters to play as with different strengths and weaknesses, and 3 difficulty levels plus an endless mode, so there is some replayability.Much of the game is based on random luck - which weapons you find, which upgrades you get at level up, will you receive a positive or negative if you choose to gamble at a shrine - but I don't feel like the game is actively trying to screw me over. It feels fair, and I feel like my FPS skills can help me survive most bad situations, which in turn makes the game fun to play.I haven't noticed any bugs. Controls are mostly rebindable, however you can't bind anything to middle mouse which is my standard jump key in pretty much every FPS, so the trap rooms that require navigating platforms feel a bit unnatural.Overall Ziggurat is a pretty good game, and I'd definitely recommend it if you're a fan of either FPSes or roguelikes. I think there's enough content here to justify a full price purchase, which is already quite cheap."
,Recommended,308420,13969357,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Nomiya,"Ziggurat is a rogue-like first-person-shooter dungeon-crawler, with many elements from games such as The Binding of Isaac (TBOI), Paranautical Activity and even Crimsonland. The initial goal you will be set upon is to get through a five-level dungeon. Each level is randomly generated similarly to TBOI, and is cleared by finding and obtaining a Portal Key and then defeating the floor boss.The gameplay is simply first-person shooting. However, you have access to another weapon at the beginning and can hold up to 4 at any time. Each weapon - Magic Wand (default), Spell Books, Staves and Alchemic Weapons. Each weapon type has different mana pools and can be upgraded when leveling up by picking the corresponding perk. Each weapon also has a alternate fire mode. This grants the player many interesting ways of fighting enemies.By picking up 'knowledge gems' from fallen enemies, the player can level up and select a perk from 2 randomly chosen from the perk pool, much like Crimsonland's level up. The upgrades chosen can widely vary and determine a playstyle and how you approach the dungeon's deeper levels. It is entirely feasible to focus purely on staves and upgrade on purely the mana pool and regen of staves. You may also find amulets which grant different temporary benefits, much like items in TBOIThe RNG of the game would be the rooms you will find in each level. There are enemy rooms, trap rooms, shrines where you pray and can receive gifts or punishments and treasure rooms which can hide an enemy ambush. With enough experience, it is possible to take a peek at the room, determine the type, then decide whether you wish to challenge the room or not. At times, this RNG about room placement can completely destroy a run even in the early stages.After each defeat, with the gold gathered you will unlock items, weapons, perks to be added to the existing pool for your use on the next run. Once certain feats are completed, characters will also be unlocked. Each character has their advantages and disadvantages, granting a different experience with each of them.With that said, Ziggurat is a content-rich game which shows finesse at this genre of games. I fully recommend anyone who likes random elements happening in their games to have a go at Ziggurat."
,Recommended,308420,13483987,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,L44m4,Good game for (small) FPS single player sessions when that kinda thing would feel nice.+Tons of stuff to unlock+Different characters for different play experiences+Difficult enough on harder difficulties-I personally might prefer this in some other setting than fantasy like sci-fi
76561197996940648,Recommended,308420,13671875,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kitet,"For a casual player like me, Ziggurat makes quite a fine FPS. Random levels and weapon drops make it even more fresh, than many shooters out there. I followed Cynical Brit's video review before I bought this game, so I knew exactly what to expect, Strategy isn't as much of importance as sheer luck is. Luck, meaning that game needs to generate every kind of weapon matching every kind of mana you have. Ability to dodge projectiles and run from mad carrots is also a required skill. Anyway, I already got thru all levels with two characters and I will definitively play again. After a stressful day at work there's not much that I can vent on, but Ziggurat won't fail me in this task anytime soon. The game's worth every euro asked (bought it on Christmas Sale, though)."
,Recommended,308420,13378870,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,BayoBANG,"Doom and Skyrim meet Binding of Isaac to create the best First Person Roguelike Shooter/Spellcaster to date. The huge amount of items, characters, enemies, room types, weapons and bosses makes this game a must-buy. The more you play the more stuff you unlock so the game becomes crazier as time goes by!Zigzuratting through my enemies/10"
76561198038162150,Recommended,308420,13608637,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,charlesw,"Murdered by a carrot...... 10/10In seriousness, its a fun, fast paced shooter with good enemy variey and design. The randomly generated levels are great fun to explore, with excellent aesthetics and variation. The lighting egnige is fantastic, with weapons and enemies throwing different colours around. Cant say much about the later levels as i suck, but still its a fantastic game. Go buy.And watch out for carrots....."
76561198026709425,Recommended,308420,13324203,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,LFG Granuaile,"Fun roguelike FPS, which is not seem often. Is regularly updated with new features and the devs are really willing to listen to the community."
76561198364233505,Recommended,308420,31432302,Posted: 28 April,all,Overflaw,very difficult game
,Recommended,308420,19816759,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,MYSCHUFF,Fun game. Beautiful. Nice leveling system that's a little different. Plenty of varied enviroments. Lots of weapon variation. Intresting drops. Runs smooth at high frame rates and hasn't crashed once on Win7 or 10.8/10 Value in game play replay and fun $40.The one complaint i have is it takes 97% GPU resources and heats up my Video card to 66C On a i5 2500K 16Gb GTX980-G1. I can run a blueray a YouTube Video and  of JustCause2  and stream another game through to the living room too get even close to these numbers and it was only 72% and 47C the max my card had ever gotten. It still runs smooth and no noticable frame drops or splitting or tearing. Why does this game that seams quite simplistic compared to a triple A? If this wasn't an issue it would have scored higher and been a $55 value. It's conserning that it might not run on lower systems.
76561198019051897,Recommended,308420,20610974,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Blackstar,Awesome rogue-like FPS.
76561198141065494,Recommended,308420,17431266,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,DesertKnight,Man this game is fkng Cool and fun buy now !!
,Recommended,308420,21411406,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,somebody336,"Ziggurat is a first person rogue-lite in where we take on the role of a wizard trying to complete his rite of passage into a powerful brotherhood. To do so he or she must brave their way through the dungeon of Ziggurat which very few return from alive. Upon entering we start off with our trusty wand and a random weapon generated by the dungeon. One of the first things you will likely notice is just how tiny our character is. He is supposed to be a regular human but in game it feels like he is like a foot tall and it does take a while to get used to your view coming from so low on the ground. What he lacks in size he makes up for in speed as your character is very agile and can move at break neck speeds, even without sprinting. It comes in handy as the gameplay here is old school in the sense that you can dodge your enemies’ projectiles as you keep on the move instead of hiding behind cover. Your enemies are typically wacky things like evil carrots, mushrooms and slimes which gives it a light hearted tone, though the threat they pose is very real.Every time you start a new game the dungeon's rooms and floors changes meaning no two playthroughs will be the same. The rooms can range from treasure rooms where opening the chest can lead to either fortune or misfortune, a wave of enemies or a trap filled room that sometimes contain treasure at the end. There is not much variety and you will quickly begin to see the same rooms being repeated after a few playthroughs.  Most of the rooms will pit you against a wave of the dungeon's monsters and you will be locked in until you dispose of every single one of them. The gameplay is fast paced and tons of fun featuring three mana pools for each elemental weapon type. Weapons that require mana are far more powerful than your basic wand though they will quickly burn through all that your reserves and acquiring more mana comes down to pure luck from your enemy drops. It is better to use it only when you are in a pinch or save it for the bosses. Your go-to weapon will be the purple wand that you start off with that can be infinitely used but does require some time to recharge after consecutive rounds. The wand differs slightly from character to character but more often than not you will be spending more time waiting for it to recharge so you can actually fight again. It is most likely to balance the gameplay but with how little damage it does you do get the feeling they went a little overboard with the recharge rate.Every weapon has an alt fire which are usually a simple shoot more projectiles at once type of ordeal. It comes in real handy with dealing with large crowds and gives more options for your combat style. With how frequent you will be in combat they try to mix it up a little by randomly throwing a modifier in some rooms such as giant enemies or making a certain mana type cost less to use while raising the cost of all the others. They don't really add much to be honest, giant or tiny enemies have as much health as normal and more often than not you are given very annoying modifier such as only being allowed to move while jumping. It is an attempt to spice up the gameplay but feels more like an unwanted nuisance than anything else. A modifier that I particularly loathe is one that summons a couple of obelisks that take an annoying amount of damage to destroy while enemies infinitely respawn around you until you do so. The things like small mana pools, waiting for your basic weapon to recharge after a bit of usage and annoying modifiers do make the game more difficult but at the cost of fun and the flow of the action. It is a ton of fun avoiding homing projectiles, shooting area of effect spells into a crowd of enemies and then flinging a tornado spell at a line of enemies so it is disappointing your arsenal feels very limited due to mana.There is a way to increase your mana pools when leveling up. After collecting enough yellows gems from defeated enemies you will level up and be able to choose from one of two cards that can have a variety of effects like regenerating health from breaking objects, increased damage when your health is low or the aforementioned increased mana storage for one of the three elements. The problem with that is you have two cards from a large selection of perks and three mana slots making the chances of being able to increase the mana pool for the weapon type you have very slim. You are given a new weapon for each floor you complete though the selection when you start the game is lackluster. More are unlocked the more you play the game though it can get a bit boring playing the game over and over again with nearly identical weapons the first few hours of the game. Eventually you will have poison grenades, freezing spells and a spell that flings a spectral skull that seeks out its targets to name a few. Ziggurat has very fun and interesting gadgets at its disposal making it a shame that you start with very little. It is likely designed this way in an attempt to keep you playing since you unlock more stuff every playthrough but it ended up doing the exact opposite of that since the excitement of discovery wanes very quickly due to it.To complete a floor you will have to face the boss but before you do so you'll need a portal key to summon it. You must explore the floor's rooms to find it which can lead to some pretty interesting situations in where you find both very quickly and must decide if you should risk clearing out some rooms in order to level up a bit. Bosses are just giant versions of regular enemies disappointingly enough but you will soon forget about that since their way of fighting is a lot different and far more vicious.  It is quite exciting to be running away from a giant goblin as it smashes the pillars you were hiding behind a few seconds ago while you desperately rain down spells and try to avoid his goons. A large part of why bosses are difficult is because they have a mob of infinitely respawning enemies so you must focus fire on it alone unless you want to dry up your mana supply quickly. What boss you will face is randomly generated which is a nice way to keep you on your toes since you have no idea what you are about to summon.  The enemy AI is decent enough but there is no real enemy placement, you just walk into a room and they magically keep teleporting in around you until the game decides you have killed enough to pass.The environments are nothing special and are mostly just a bunch of gray rooms with the occasional lava. What really gives this game its own unique flair is the colorful lighting. There are plenty of different colored crystals growing out of the ground and let out a soft glow that really adds to the sense of being in a magical and mysterious environment. Both your spells and the enemies’ projectiles are colorful as well making the once gray room suddenly turn into a very deadly rave club. Music is decent too, nothing special but it does its job well and keeps you invested in what is happening on screen. Story is nothing to write home about, it is there but it's nothing memorable. Some lore is also added into the game via scrolls that you may randomly find in a room that talk about the contents of the dungeon and the wizard's order. Once you've killed enough of a certain enemy you will unlock it in the bestiary menu and be able to view its character model without the fear of it ripping your face off. All in all Ziggurat is a game with many flaws that keep it from being great. It is shallow and gets boring fast due to not having much variety in the randomly placed rooms, small amount of items that can spawn when you start the game and modifiers not being fun or interesting in the slightest. Despite all that it is still a decent game with the type of fast paced FPS combat not seen very much these days and a good choice when you are low on time and want some quick, evil carrot slaying fun."
76561198020822205,Recommended,308420,12797696,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Y'Golonac,"Wow.If you like old skool FPS's, the procedurally generated, smooth, aesthetically pleasing and punishingly challenging fantasy themed FPS will likely rock your boat.I'm really enjoying it.It's tough, very tough. Yet at no time does it seem unfair, there's a definite learning curve.Loads of unlockables, multiple characters and lots and lots of blammo all with a deceptive amount of thought required as you climb the diofficulty curve.Sequel please..."
,Recommended,308420,13037095,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Xandão,"It plays a lot like Heretic/Hexen would if they had Roguelike elements. Map layouts are far more arena-like and not as complex as they were in the classics, though. You must pick from a number of characters (you start with one, but can unlock others) and reach the 5th floor to win, and every floor is randomly generated from a number of pre-built rooms that are then strung together. A floor ends when you beat its boss, and you will need a Portal Key to summon the boss. The game has permadeath and you can only save between floors.There is a good variety of weapons (the pool grows bigger as you unlock more of them) spread across 4 categories. The first is the basic wand, whose mana (ammunition) replenishes quickly and automatically for all characters. Different characters will have different properties for this starting weapon, such as faster or slower ROF, a differently-styled secondary attack, less or more accuracy. The second class of weapons are books, whose attacks are typically shotgun-like and  don't consume too much mana. The third type are staves that function as rapid-fire crowd control weapons, and mostly have a primary attack with good accuracy and a secondary that excels at close quarters, burning through your mana rapidly while firing a barrage of projectiles inaccurately. The fourth and last type are weapons that deal area damage. These are usually firearms or throwable explosives, and often have a steep mana cost per use. Some weapons deal self-explanatory status effects, such as poison, stun, or freezing.You can find usable amulets that must be recharged (by killing monsters), lore scrolls (these give a large EXP boost) and occasionally perks. You also get to choose between two (or three with the Bookworm perk) random perks on level up. In roguelike fashion, you can find statues in certain rooms that allow you to trade your health or mana (or offer nothing, for a lower chance of success I presume) for a possible bonus. You can get a random effect (Divine Indifference) or even a punitive malus from these statues.I have thoroughly enjoyed this game so far. The challenge is markedly above average and you can extract many hours of quality gameplay from Ziggurat. The shooting feels tight and fast-paced, and the emphasis on dodging projectiles gives the game an interesting quasi-old-school feel. When I first played this game, I ended up stopping only six hours later, and in my book that's pretty high praise."
,Recommended,308420,19370367,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ewzzy,Doomlike Roguelike in a fantasy world. Nice.
76561198152193127,Recommended,308420,19369931,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Drachmor,"This is an extremely polished rogue-like packed to the brim with content and variety.PROS:-The slightly cartoony graphic style is well developed and consistent throughout the game and makes this game all the more charming and enjoyable.-Despite being a rogue-like, this game has an large and evolved sense of character customization, often giving the player a choice to choose one of three randomly selected upgrades from a gradually expanding library of skill cards. In addition to this, before each run through you can choose one of many classes, each with his/her own expertise.-The insane amount of room types, enemy and boss species, weapons (bombs, guns, staffs, wands, spells, etc.), playstyles, obstacles, achievements, unlockables (classes, upgrades) and content make for immense replayabilityI feel like this review is missing something... like, I was supposed to have another list here describing this game's negative elements... oh well.10/10"
,Recommended,308420,19382495,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,bL4sT!,It's like a Rogue-like Quake with wizards. What a ~magical~ combination.
76561198121164049,Recommended,308420,19747313,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,FireswordV,It's a good game. I like the rogue gameplay.
,Recommended,308420,19740998,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Umami of the Ear,"I like this game quite a bit. I don't find myself playing it for hours on end, but rather 1-2 games per day. I find myself looking forward to it. The daily challenge is a good reason to keep coming back again and again.It's somewhat shallow compared to other roguelikes, but everything just feels really good. It's hard to articulate exactly why that is. I guess everything is just really polished.I was kind of worried it might be really twitchy but it's not."
,Recommended,308420,19309621,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Heralcion『Zeppy』Mugen,bess gaem 10/10
,Recommended,308420,19337081,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Rigel,"Swift movement, fast-paced nonstop action, charming graphics, and a good sense of humor. If more present-day shooters were like this, I wouldn't have turned away from the genre."
76561198006204896,Recommended,308420,18709789,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Faith,"Do you love to run around in circles around enemies every so often? Good cause if you don't do that in this game you'll die! Ain't that a solid gameplay mechanic!For real though. A very challenging game, that depends on the different skills you pick when you level up and the weapons you get. Of course the roguelike gameplay is also what kills it sometimes. Get horrible weapons and useless perks and you might as well die at the second floor. If you suck that is!7/10 - Poison spells suck, fire weapons suck, slow firing staffs suck, your wand always suck, the little kid who specializes in wands suck. KING BLOB NEEDS TO GO TO HELL AND DIE OVER AND OVER AND OVER.but most importantly:YOU SUCK."
,Recommended,308420,13579481,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ravoc,"Fun as ♥♥♥♥A little simplistic perhaps, but that keeps it light & fast"
,Not Recommended,308420,32785956,Posted: 25 June,all,Settora,"Poor as FPS. Poor as rouge-like. Nothing special.Videos of Ziggurat reminded me about ""KISS PsychoCircus - the Nightmare Child"" which i played at 2000 year, but you know... there is only bad side of FPS experience of 2000s.Worth only with 75% discount."
76561198119418533,Recommended,308420,25467087,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,gilgalad9,"Solid old school shooter in a fantasy world. If that sounds good get this, you'll get $15 worth for sure.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=762085786"
,Recommended,308420,25698846,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Illuminaughty,It looks and plays a bit like Heretic or Hexen. It's procedurally generated. It looks and plays a bit like Heretic or Hexen. I don't know what else to tell you. It's worth your time and money.
76561198093636016,Recommended,308420,31390004,Posted: 27 April,all,Nailer5756,"Great fun.Doesn't require a lot of thinking.What i would classify as a ""coffee break"" game.Simple controls and easy to play.I like having the little progress map in the top corner.Bought it on special offer so that adds to the enjoyment as well.Big thumbs up."
76561198060655745,Recommended,308420,31435260,Posted: 29 April,all,ErykDante,Nothing to complain. 3D Binding of Isaac! (but way less complex and more fun imo)
76561198041476307,Recommended,308420,30570174,Posted: 17 March,all,lishde,very good game play it often
,Recommended,308420,13280856,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Zeddis,Feels like a Rougelike Quake. And that is ♥♥♥♥ing great!
,Recommended,308420,17954329,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"IfSerious Samwere to put on his robe and wizard hat and climb up a randomly generated, multi-floored tower with little chance of survival,Zigguratwould be the result. An excellent, fast-paced dungeon crawler that despite the 'rogue-like' tag, actually manages to both be funandreasonably fair, something no other similar game has ever managed to achieve."
,Recommended,308420,16721744,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,chipschallenged,"If you want to run away from face-eating carrots, this is the game for you.Ziggurat blends the FPS experience with a few rogue-lite elements in a nicely addicting formula.In regards to the game as an FPS, speed is especially important. This is a game that really emphasises how fast you can run around each arena. It is possible (and critical) to dodge nearly every enemy projectile. The weapon variety is decent. In each run of the game you are given random weapons at the beginning of each floor. My only complaint in terms of weapons is the fact that the alternate fire for most is simply ""fire more projectiles."" A missed opportunity.As a rogue-lite, the game feels like a much simplified Binding of Isaac. Rooms are procedurally generated. Trap rooms show up here and there. Weapon drops are random. On levelling up, you must pick between two random perks from a decent pool (though one perk gives you the option to pick between three). At the end of each floor you face a boss.All things considered, the game is great."
,Recommended,308420,14165008,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,MrJenssen,"It's as if The Binding of Isaac, DOOM, Quake, Heretic, Hexxen, Serious Sam and Trine all had a huge orgy and then had a single baby. The result kicks butt from the get-go."
,Recommended,308420,12992605,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Avolition,"This ain't your momma's roguelike!Well, unless your mom likes the standard randomly-generated, dungeon-crawling, loot-collecting, monster-slaying elements of a roguelike mixed with the action and twitch gameplay of an arena shooter.If that's the case, then I apologize.  Your mom is awesome."
76561198014913462,Recommended,308420,12718712,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Illimitus,"This game does not get the attention it deserves.There are better reviews out there, particularly the you tube videos. Watch them and then try the game.Hexen 2, Serious Sam and rougue-lite games are some of my all time favorites. This game combines them all.Has unlimited potential.A must for your library at any price!"
,Recommended,308420,18042244,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,cfiend,Best Quake 1-on-Nightmare game since Quake 1.10/10 would farm obelisk rooms for health potions while playing on hard again
,Not Recommended,308420,23964324,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Apathy,"Needlessly difficult, and repetitive.The game has some shining moments in it graphics and visual design. But all the spells feel the same, the perks are often redundant, treasure has no value, and the game resorts to some cheap tactics to try and kill you later on.Later levels become more about luck than skill. It's okay to have a bit of RNG in your games, but not so much that it completely discounts you actually playing the game.The game is just frustrating and bland."
,Recommended,308420,13676808,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pudge,"Rougelikes and FPSs are among my favorite genres, but it seems as if indie developers have had some trouble striking a balance between the two during the current Rougelike craze. Ziggurat finally struck upon the right formula, combining excellent gameplay with beautiful art design, unique enemies to fight, and the all too important controller support out of the box. There were plenty of great entries into the genre this year, but no brand new rougelike caught my attention quite like Ziggurat."
76561198206471192,Recommended,308420,15528169,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,PeanutButterAndJames,"This is a very good game. i love the fast-paced movements and actions of this game, its almost like your there. it can be hard at first but practice makes perfect.10/10 would join the wizzard guild again"
,Recommended,308420,13619657,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Split Moon,Found a lore scroll about potatoes 10/10
,Recommended,308420,12658761,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,NIteMove,"It's fun, it's intense.And you can kill carrots."
76561198009625191,Recommended,308420,12651749,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,ronnocnadroj,MY NEW FAVORIT PERMA DEATH GAMEim a huge fan of games like the binding of isac and i loved the theam that it had . now ziggerat has the mage elaments looks and feel all in one fps dungeon crawlerhands down my favorit inde title this yeari hope to see more added to the game as in even more charicters to unlock and i would love to see more hiddin secrets that we are not told abouthowever i do find picking up treshure pointless and the fact exp can fade away if you dont pick it up fast enuf is anoying when you are on normal mode and you need the exp to seruvivei hope we see more good quality games from milkstone studios
76561198066473183,Recommended,308420,12651867,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,BoneAppleTea,"Its pretty damn good guys. For the $12 I paid, I can't say I'm not pleased."
76561198122541502,Recommended,308420,13790616,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Echoslammin,This game is utterly the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Roguelike element is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and you will often never have the same run. Def recommend.
,Recommended,308420,24036985,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Fidscrag,Very fast-paced dungeon crawler with an enormous amount of replayability!
76561197976653544,Recommended,308420,13603168,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Galvanic Goose,"You're a wizard, Harry. Here's your gun that shoots fireballs.If you like procedural generation, random chance, perma-death, leveling up, fast-paced FPSes and amoral wizards who leave shotguns lying around, then this is probably the magical realm for you."
76561198106691465,Recommended,308420,23369057,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Kyle Broflovski,Don't wanna see carrots ever again.
,Recommended,308420,13626672,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a First person rogue like game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere are alot of different languages available.Able to play with the controller with Vibration. :DThere is a controller Sensitivity.There is a Mouse Sensitivity.Stats/pedia and other unlockments that keeps tracks.Alot of different Resolution sizes available.You are able to play this game in fullscreen or windowed mode.There is a sound volume slidebar.There is a music volume slidebar.Able to delete your save file.About the game.You are playing in a dungeon and you move through between the rooms. The Dungeons are always random generated so the rooms will never be the same twice. You will have to kill enemies in order to move to a different room. There are puzzles and secrets. You are able to find spellbooks which will learn you new attack abilities which you able to use. Each different spellbook has their own type of mana and effects.. Enemies are able to drop mana and experience. It is able to disappear away if it is laying on the ground for too long. You will lose the Drops and experience if this happends. Each floor requires a ""Boss key"", you will need this to kill the boss on the floor. Some rooms has specific rules in order to beat it. Like ""only use wand"" or ""enemies are weaker""Able to choose from different characters with different gamestyle.Has a minimap.Secrets and Puzzles.Hidden walls,Requires a boss key to enter the boss door of the current floor.There is a difficulty mode.Level up system and perks.Has sacrifice altars and challenge rooms.Enemies has Aim assist. (So if you walk to the right, the bullets be going there already)Music is Great.Graphics are okay.Enemies have a health indicator. Your crosshair will change in color.The screen gets blurry whenever you take a hit. Its ruining the fun.Other things.The gameplay is like binding of isaac but then first person and 3D.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,308420,14646448,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Waseland,"Buy this, it will change your underwear!"
,Recommended,308420,21732344,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,DONKAGE!,"Very fun dungeon crawler rogue-lite with neat randomization and fun gameplay reminding me of quake. Only negative I have to say is that after I saw the company used to make Xbox Avatar game after Xbox Avatar game, I lost a little respect in a weird way. They keep saying ""Albeit X was good/well recieved, it was let down by Y."" or the sort. I can tell you why those games didn't sell well - It's because Xbox Avatar games are like the Youtube clickbait of the Xbox Indie Market. It works once or twice, but it's ultimately a let down!In all seriousness though, they really hit the mark with this game and it shows."
76561198051188152,Recommended,308420,22099800,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,^1[^4cs^1]^1B^3ON^7F^3IR^1E,Didnt see there was no co-op(yet i guess). Now considering if i should wait it out or get my money back :/Its ok sp but this def calls for multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,308420,17214788,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Zaragoza09,"Great in theory: the fast doom-like gameplay is fun and a blast from the past, but for being a rogue-like the game does not have tremendous depth."
76561198029070216,Not Recommended,308420,15790198,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Laggio,"I hope it would be Heretic/hexen inheritor (its not).Its random sets of square arenas, where you're locked with spam of monsters, which you need to kill all, to continue.NO exploration (ah wow another square room), NO interaction with environment (fetch key to fight boss), NO melee weapons ( I love FPPuncher's), NO active defense (like magic shields), except dodging, ugly pistols as weapon (out of place IMO), dull alternative fire (always multi shoot)After buying Ziggurat I downloaded Heretic 1 to see if its my sentiment or it was really so cool. Can't stop playing Heretic till now [poor melee-but still melee, pacifistic""kill as few monsters as you can"" speed-runs (super fun), items (as a kid I only use Flask and Book, now I see the whole potential].Ziggurat is great execution of not so appealing concept."
,Not Recommended,308420,14872546,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ej,"TLDR: This game is short, shallow, repetitive and very luck-dependent. Neither a good roguelike, nor a worthy successor of Heretic/Hexen. But hey, pretty graphics!--------------------------------------------------------------------This is a simplistic arena first person shooter/casual roguelike RPG hybrid. Graphics are well polished and pretty, for an Unity3D game, but there's really not much content. You have to complete 5 small levels, killing the boss at the end of each and that's it. Every time you play, room placement is randomized and the bosses are selected from a bigger pool, except for the last one. All levels look mostly like reskins of each other and reuse the same rooms under a different coat of paint. Also, most bosses are enlarged reskins of normal monster types. Permadeath, unforgiving difficulty, cheap traps and cruel RNG are the things that prevent you from completing it in an hour or less. Sure, there are tons of perks and many unlockable characters with different starting skill sets, but the core gameplay will still be the same. And some of these monsters, some of that platforming make you want to play Daikatana instead. They have many area denial attacks, attacks with shotgun-like dispersion, or fire multiple homing projectiles that are very hard to avoid without taking damage, especially when confined to a small room, especially when playing from first person perspective. And, of course, they love to spawn behind your back. As result, some fights are very unfair and most are simply a chore.update:Initially, I (grudgingly)recommended this game, but later decided to change my review. Despite an hour or two of fun overall, I had enough of frustration and boredom, and therefore can't recommend it to other people. I got high on expectations, but later encountered too much of poor, lazy game design. Describing all the flaws would take pages and it was already done by other reviewers. I liked their reviews a lot, so I'll just join the dark side :)update2:I have to clarify for people who, apparently, have played neither classic textmode roguelike RPGs, nor classic 90s shooters, like Heretic. Played plenty of both, this game does not compare for reasons now listed in the first line of this review."
,Not Recommended,308420,35441618,Posted: 3 October,all,Septlaxer,"A first person shooter procedurally generated dungeon crawler, play through , unlock different spells and staffs, managing your mana as you go (the resource to use your staffs) play through a series of levels clearing rooms to find a key for the boss room.Somewhat challanging, highly stylistic in a cartoony fantasy style but not all that interesting once you've played through a couple of times, there are quite a few mobs but they all have similar AI in that they like to run towards you or stand still firing at you making it not much of a chellenge once you learn which ones move and which ones don't."
,Recommended,308420,23124974,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Red Goblin,Hidden gem.  Buy this game.
,Recommended,308420,28964489,Posted: 2 January,all,ShadowYogger,Great game if you like arcade style FPS and/or rogue likes.
76561197960288196,Recommended,308420,12638447,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,jotun,"Ziggurat is a true indie gem and a must in every collection of the rogue like fan. Tons of unlocks, extremely beautiful art style and amazing gameplay. The devs are hard at work and releases updates continously. Now stop reading this review and buy it!"
76561198051879775,Recommended,308420,16574451,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jhawk ❤,"This game has a metric ton of of content. The arsonal of weapons and magiks to unlock is massive. The game is both challanging and rewarding, even when you die you are rewarded. As long as you dont trip and drown in lava in the first world you will always come away with a new unlock weather it be a perk, character, or a fancy new toy to wreck havoc with. Each character is unique in there play style (even their wands are different, nice touch). If you like paranautical activity, Binding of issac, or any other roguelite style game you will like this."
,Recommended,308420,19145867,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Clamtacos,"Love this game, I play it almost everyday because it's fun. Reminds me of games like Hexen, Serious Sam, & Will Rock.A single play-through will run anywhere from 1-2 hours depending how skilled you are. Die and it ends a bit sooner than that. Sometimes I'll take the daily challenge and die within minutes.You get only one chance to fight your way through five levels of the Ziggurat, each larger and a bit more difficult than the last. Die once and it's all over. Enemies drop health globes, and there are certain abilities and perks you can get that will modify how you regen HP.There's a random boss on each floor, each with a different attack type and unique phases. Once you learn to defeat these bosses, they will never again present a challenge to you, even if you're only left with your wand.Choose between a wand with unlimited mana that regenerates slowly, or an array of magic spells, enchanted staves, and mechanical weapons like crossbows or bomb launchers with limited mana pools with unlockable perks and abilities that modify how you regen MP.Unlock abilities, perks, new weapons, and even characters at a good pace to keep the game interesting. Killing monsters in the rooms of the Ziggurat will yield XP granting knowledge globes, but be sure to pick them up before they disappear.Unlockable characters begin with special bonuses, or handicaps that increase the challenge. When you die, your score is posted to the leaderboards so you can compare yourself to all others who've challenged the ziggurat.And my favourite part of the game: The Daily Challenge. Each day, a challenge is presented to all players. You only have one chance to defeat it and you must defeat it in one sitting. Every player will face the same enemies and receive the same characters, weapons, and items."
76561197992026240,Recommended,308420,18885786,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Monarck447,It's the perfect game for a casual 1st person shooting fun and it can get pretty addictive and tough with the well done randomness and rogue lite features.
76561198094395259,Recommended,308420,12068988,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Xorbak,I hate early access games! for the most part because you get a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game that never gets any updates.Not Ziggurat!Its really fun and addictive and they update it more than I am on steam totally worth buying it ^^.The best part is you can play for hours at a time drop the game for a week and its still just as fun :Pwell done> 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,308420,12948190,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Umbrae,"ProFPS Wizardy similar to Heritic/HexenGood varity of monstersHardUnforgivingConsBad PC port (I still am not sure how to level up outside of pressing Y on a controller).Badly optimized, 580GTX + 3.2Ghz Hex core +16 GB RAM (well above recomended), This game lags terribly in spots.   Boss fights are about 10-15FPS, normal rooms with high enemy counts can visably slow down performance.Dispite the technical issues, the core gameplay is fun.  I highly enjoyed the random elements, which adds replay value.   The only downside is how badly this game was integrated onto a PC platform.  A bit of time in menu systems, and a bit more time optimizing the game and this would be a solid release highly recomended.   As it stands now, if you are a fan or rouge like random games, or magicly based FPS, this is still a good game, but if performance is a concern of yours at all, pass on this."
,Recommended,308420,12985202,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Catharsis,"Solid gameplay and art, setting is dull as a brick. Not a bad game by any means, but I couldn't force myself to play more than a couple playthroughs. Tons of unlocks, though, but the starting gear is really boring, and unlocking seems fairly slow."
76561198017126502,Recommended,308420,22659176,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,standaloneworld,Remember how Lichdom Battlemage lied and said that you'd be the most badass mage ever? This game fulfils that promise in spades.
76561198002145560,Not Recommended,308420,17621653,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,RollingK,"Too bad this game is random for the sake of being random.You fail more by bad random setups than your ability to dodge or to efficiently output more damage, add-in a couple of other annoying factors, it gets frustrating when you fail.I suggest watching a gameplay video before reading this review.There are four types of weapons in this game; Wand(starting weapon), Spell, Staff & Alchemy.You can't run and shoot and its on purpose.So when you are in a room full of enemies that like to shoot high flying homing explosive mortars plus low flying homing shots at the same time, you have to walk & shoot, run for a few seconds, walk & shoot. While you do all of that you will get hit behind your back, on top of your head and you didn't know.Too much enemy homing abilities going on at the same time.The best recommendation when in a room full of homing nonsense, walk & shoot, run for a few seconds around so a few shots cleared then repeat. Generally this recommendation applies to every room except the last boss.You can only run in one direction and thats forward and if you try to turn you slow down and slide.Enemies don't give you experience(EXP) when you kill them.They drop these EXP gems, you have to pick them up and they expire if you don't pick them up.This brings up a lot of troubles. Slowers the game pace too much, you'll see why in the failing example.At first you won't mind or care but when very bad random setups start ocurring you'll notice.It also brings up the problem of resource management.There are rooms in which killing enemies doesn't yield any EXP at all, these would be the Obelisk rooms and Scavenge rooms.This is a problem because you might be indulged into spending either Spell, Alchemy or Staff ammo in return for no EXP but you can clear the rooms safer? Although with all the homing abilities going on and other rooms still left to clear I don't recommend it.There are enemies you can't get close to them so you have to kill them from afar but at the same time you have homing mortars/shots/enemies plus a whole bunch of AoE damage going on, you have to decide when you kill them to give up health and positioning for a bit of EXP or no EXP at all.Not putting it slightly, there are enemies with insta-hit shots if you are close to them or the hitbox for their shots and AoE is so big you can't be close to them while walking,A failing example would be:Second floor, very very small room and spawns four Storm Beasts and three Imps plus more combinations of them as you kill them.Storm Beasts are flying slow moving fat gargoyle looking creatures who shoot lighting spheres, it can't be dodged if you are close and walking but the room is so small you might as well be running all the time but you can't shoot and run at the same time.Imps are small flying imp looking creatures who shoot three flames across the floor in fan like style.The best recommendation is to run around in circles and once in a while walk & shoot but if you walk you'll get hit by Storm Beasts shots, because their hitbox and AoE is big and you'll be against a wall every time.Storm Beasts are bullet sponges so trying to kill them with any kind of ""efficient"" damage output you might have come up with in your run isn't revelant(unless luckily enough you got a good combinaton of weapons).All the while you have these fans of flames shooting at you.Its good not great, mostly you'll die randomly and in my opinion with more balance tweaking this could become great."
76561197991922927,Not Recommended,308420,20636598,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Batman,"Was running great at release (Never below 60),After some updates it randomly stutters.It's a shame because it's a great game."
,Recommended,308420,25230293,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,KrudlerTheHorse,"I love and hate this game.There is a LOT of room for improvement.  The tedious back-tracking from boos room to key room to boss room, the ""traps"" that lie between rooms which are of no challenge you just wait them out, the myriad of baffling UI choices that hide meaningful information.All in all I'm loving the heck out of this but if I didn't think the gameplay was so compelling, I would not be able to overlook the annoyances enough to keep it - I literally would have refunded.  It hurts me to say it because this game takes me back to the feel of Quake I."
,Recommended,308420,31639749,Posted: 8 May,all,AOL_h4x0r_69,Quakeworld-like ARPG for Wizards. AAAA+++++
76561198007739890,Recommended,308420,22712180,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Akimbo_Slice,Pros:-Wand never runs out of manaCons:-Wand sucks10/10
,Recommended,308420,13489874,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Shuu,doesn't quite have the depth of some other action roguelikes but it seems better off simplified for the doom/heretic formula
,Recommended,308420,13335849,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Nazgir,"Let me start off by saying that Ziggurat is probably my best purchase of 2014, and there's several reasons for it. I bought it when it just came out of early access, and first of all I was impressed how it blended the fps and rogue-lite genres. It added a great replayability to fps, and a much more in-depth combat system than most rogue-lites.A second reason is that the UPDATES NEVER STOP COMING. Seriously, I already like the game a lot when it came out. then after some time I managed to beat in on one or two of the classes, and it got me wishing for an endless mode. An update later, there's an endless mode! I think the amount of content has roughly doubled since release and it's all for free. Get it now, and if it ever goes on sale, definitely get it."
,Recommended,308420,13569551,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,zingrook,"First-person Torchlight PDL where you play exclusively as the Alchemist, full to the brim with beautiful, vivid colors, fast-paced magic FPS action, fantastic and quirky enemy, level, weapon, and perk design, and near-limitless replayability. Sets a new standard for the FPS PDL sub-genre."
76561198141633649,Recommended,308420,12936982,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Sparka,"Fun game! Don't take my word for it, go watch a video on youtube holmes"
76561198067081295,Recommended,308420,13599613,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Miscreant,"Take The Binding of Isaac and make it a 3D FPS and Ziggurat would be the result.  It's very fun to play, graphics are clean, and gameplay is smooth."
,Recommended,308420,12646463,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Knob,"Wow. I'm surprised by how good this game is. Basically, take a dungeon crawler like Fate or Diablo, mix it in with Rogue, give it a cartoony feel, and add a crap-ton of powerups -- then you've got this game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,308420,12613146,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Jadeazu,"Decent game to pass up time. Different levels, fun bosses, just a good overall dungeon crawling game. 7/10"
,Recommended,308420,23864747,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jupitris,>Id Software won't make a new HexenPlay this instead.
,Recommended,308420,13301614,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Soul Banana,Buy it dummy.
,Recommended,308420,31351208,Posted: 24 April,all,Bearded Gamer,I really really like this game....fast pace with different options where you want to go.
,Recommended,308420,12634457,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Some Kind of Tropical Fish,"Kind of like a cross between Hexen, Quake III Arena and Serious Sam. It's pretty fun."
76561198068988176,Recommended,308420,23013767,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Rawket_Dawg,Underated game
,Recommended,308420,12985755,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,BOOP!,10/10 -  Would be chased by carrots again!
76561198067923412,Recommended,308420,12669617,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Bandicoot_Apple,Loving every part of it :3simply good
,Recommended,308420,15810927,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,fitzy,nice
,Recommended,308420,13796717,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fenchurch,Evil Carrots + Circle strafing + ???? = Great game!
,Recommended,308420,13776747,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bryborg,"Talk about an addictive game. I haven't been able to beat the second floor yet, but by god I am going to keep trying. I love the designs of the enemies, I love the rogue-like elements, the FPS by-way-of bullet hell gameplay.If you are looking for a challenging game with great looking graphics and a ton of various items and upgrades, you're looking for Ziggurat. If you've enjoyed games like Delver and Eldritch, this is similar only with some real old-school Unreal/Quake 3 style gameplay. One of the few games to come out in 2014 that felt like a worthwhile purchase."
,Recommended,308420,13569573,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Bram,The Binding of Isaac in first person view
76561198051224801,Not Recommended,308420,14133073,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Elor OnceDark,"Pro :- Some Nices Ideas regarding enemys- very nice system for leveling upCons :- the whole game feels like it plays in slow motion, also physics seems to be something alien- the controls really suck in a way that leaves you fighting more with the controls than the monsters. The whole movement is catastrophic."
,Recommended,308420,12685705,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,delukz,Feeds my hunger for addictive indie games. :)
,Recommended,308420,24844292,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,SwiftSwag,I dont know what it is about this game that makes me love it... but i do!
76561197967682635,Not Recommended,308420,32291596,Posted: 9 June,all,CoCoNuba,"I rarely review a game, but just had to do a review of Ziggurat. I didn't play much of it even though I wanted to, because it gives me motion sickness. I don't usually suffer from this condition, this is actually a first for me.Even with the awful ""view bob"" setting unchecked, which makes it slightly better, sprinting is horrible, and I'm surprised that no one even mention this.Having only played it for less than 2 hours it is a bit hard to review the content itself. The graphics are a bit lacklusting. Gameplay itself is… acceptable i'd say. Overall it feels a bit on the expensive side. That is, if your stomach can endure it, otherwise that's juste a waste of money!"
76561198254818983,Recommended,308420,31367893,Posted: 25 April,all,Cyber Joey,I Love this game
76561198010110667,Recommended,308420,13630274,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Scare Ball,"Pretty slick! I've played several of these first person rogue-likes (Tower of Guns, Delver, Paranautical Activity,.. One of those sucks fat rods! Guess which!) but this might be my favourite due to the wonderful Heretic-esque quality"
,Recommended,308420,13839897,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Wompratz,"What a great hidden gem of a game!  Take one ounce of the classic game Heretic, add in a dash of randomized dungeon, along with a cup of rogue-like and you get Ziggurat.  Very addictive, super polished, plus with enough replayability and unlockables to keep you coming back for more.Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,308420,23915656,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Vinnycakes,"I was really hoping this would have some depth and variety but it's shockingly limited. I'm a bit surprised that Totalbiscuit recommended it. The weapons are dull and few, levels are empty and repetitive, enemies run in place against walls with little to no AI, and the biggest problem is that the combat just isn't enough fun to give you any reason keep playing after you reach the end, which takes less than an hour. There's a hint of nostalgia with the fast movement and slow projectile speed, but the whole thing is just incredibly stripped down and bland, albeit disguised by a pleasing aesthetic. With tighter combat, more interesting items, and more to see this could be a great game, but it just feels so bare bones and dull as it stands now. I don't hate it, but I feel no desire to play it again after 3.2 hours."
,Recommended,308420,13674733,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,billthegangsta,"Extremely fun dungeon crawling, rouge-lite. Definitely the best of its genre. I look forward to more content"
76561198254721507,Not Recommended,308420,20409041,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ezoe,I can't keep playing this game because all weapons are so boring to use.
76561198028928770,Recommended,308420,25628464,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,BigPappaFlea,I bought this game for the artstyle and found a fun shooter that runs well at high resolutions.
,Recommended,308420,16323195,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,NeuroSerpens,"A must have for all linux gamers.This is a VERY fun game which runs FLAWLESSLY, so congratulations to the devs.A mod or a DLC to make it all ""darker"" and evil looking would make it perfect.9/10"
76561197961245251,Recommended,308420,12657259,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,StiffeBiffe,A very entertaining game with a LOT of variety in terms of enemies and weapons you can use. I highly recommend anyone who likes rogue-like games to pick this up. Beware the carrots!
,Recommended,308420,12613310,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Hat On a Fox,This game is very very addicting and is very challenging at the same time. It requires you to adapt on the fly and be resourceful with you magic at all times. It take some time to learn how to properly use your weapons while you engage a plethora of different types of monsters who have a variety of moves depending on how close you get to them. The room sizes vary greatly and the monsters appear to generate randomly. You may find yourself in a small room with monsters you'd want to be fighting at a distance or you may have all the space in the world while being chased by monsters as fast as you. Every game is different but they are all action packed and full of fun.Graphics are an A+
76561198130514798,Recommended,308420,12139301,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,amphetamachine,"If Quake 3 Arena were transformed into an RPG and given bright textures, you'd get this game. It's incredibly fun, looks amazing, is quite a challenge, yet has a shallow learning curve.There are some technical issues I had (at least in Linux). It's impossible to press more than two keyboard keys at once. For instance, you can't run forward and strafe at the same time. This puts a severe handicap on the FPS gameplay. When I play an FPS I expect to be able to rocket-jump in front of an enemy, turn around mid-air, and shoot down at them, but this becomes impossible with this control bug.Still, for an early access game, this is one that feels pretty complete."
76561198053936330,Recommended,308420,13299927,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,evstream,Wonderful Game.It's almost as fun and rewarding as Serious Sam The Second Encounter.Enough said.
,Recommended,308420,14100331,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Pretentieux,"This is hands-down the best first person action-roguelike there is.  I am having a blast trying to complete it with each character and eventually on a higher difficulty.My only complaint is that I wish certain unlocks had specific things required of me to obtain them.  As it stands, if you play it enough you will eventually unlock everything just by collecting points during each attempt.  It would be cool if you had certain unlocks that only came from beating the game with X on hard or some other challenge.That is a small complaint in a roguelike game with TONS of stuff to unlock.  This game is also extremely well-polished, highly optimized, and graphically impressive even on the lowest settings.I am very impressed.https://i.sli.mg/Rs8tl4.jpg"
,Recommended,308420,23354229,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,segphault,Awesome fun 3d rogue like game ... definitely worth getting!
,Recommended,308420,22114810,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,W☣rld ☮™,Okay.
76561197993048272,Recommended,308420,22818237,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Eugene Bohr,"8/10Although some of the enemies aren't the best to look at, most of this game is a perfect dungeon crawler, roguelike, magical shooter. There is a grand feeling of accomplishment making it to a level beyond where you've been or bringing yourself back from near-death through smart upgrades and split-second decisions. Fans of fantasy and roguelike games should definitely check this out."
76561198037080732,Recommended,308420,18447511,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Gentleman,amazing FPS with procedurally generated levels and dificulty. All u need to know to buy it
,Not Recommended,308420,20495816,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Willy OD,"Seems like a neat idea, but it's not that good of a game. The controls seems lose and the actual gameplay is simple and repetitive."
,Recommended,308420,14550326,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Tommy,i like
76561197993790681,Recommended,308420,17119051,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,DUKE NUKEM,"minecraft lets me put a carrot on a stick, but this game lets me shoot carrots WITH a stick"
,Recommended,308420,15420558,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Batman,I have never played a rogue like fps before.  But I have played other rogue likes.This game does a great job with balance room design and just overall aesthetics.
,Recommended,308420,13580906,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Death_Spreader,"Enjoyable, challenging and sooo fun!"
,Recommended,308420,12616489,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,An Heroic Hippo,"If you're a fan of games like The Binding of Isaac, you'll enjoy this one very much. In fact, this plays basicly like a 3d, first person version of TBOI. Lots of characters to unlock, weapons to find, enemies to kill and dungeons to explore.After two hours of gameplay I was able to progress to the fourth floor where I was slowly killed. This game is pretty hard off the bat, but won't take you too long to start unlocking stuff. Definitely recommended for fans of rogue-likes.Had some odd frame drop issues before, but I didn't seem to notice them the next day, maybe they were fixed. Still playable, but a bit framey.8.2/10"
,Not Recommended,308420,16355694,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Shrike,"Can not recommend, getting headaches from the game. The camera is so close to the ground and the aim with the mouse is so sluggish and strange that I feel ill after playing the game for a while. I have perfect eyesight and really can handle a lot of things and I cant remember having such a problem in any other game. Its not a cause of head bob or motion blur.@Devs, please raise the camera a bit and check your mouse smoothing. It would also greatly appreciated if you raise projectile speed of your own shots a bit, it just dosnt feel good. Aside game seems decent, the random elements are fine, there is some progression which is nice, graphics are sub par but acceptable and difficulty seems good."
76561198104043902,Recommended,308420,16334045,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kym Precision,Harry Potter crossed with Serious Sam crossed with Binding of Issac.10/10
,Recommended,308420,16141575,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ωmega Guy,"One of the best dungeon crawlers because of the great graphics and art style, and the variety of different creative weapons, there are some bugs and the game doesnt seem to get too many updates so there is not too much replay value"
,Recommended,308420,16701201,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,KingKull2112,"This game feels like a cross between the original Hexen and Quake meets the modern day. I've only played one level as of this review, so I will update in the future as my game progresses.Update: The game's ♥♥♥♥ing hard"
,Recommended,308420,13616778,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Moist Master,If I could think of one thing to summarize this title it would be:The binding of Hexen.
,Recommended,308420,17189649,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,iARDAs,+ Fast paced arena style FPS action+ Lots of perks to upgrade to+ Challenging+ Smooth and nice graphics+ Unlockable characters all have unique traits which will make you play differently with each of them+ Random map generation which works great.+ Nice variaty of enemy types (could still be a bit more though)+ Addictive gameplay.+ I would say it has a high replay value. You can always come back to it even after months of not playing the game.
76561198068431321,Recommended,308420,28317532,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,mijxero,"This is a nice rogue-lite first person shooter.  It handles great and the boss fights are fun and the randomized elements keep it fresh.  Its not as deep as $60 shooters, but I really enjoy it for the price."
,Recommended,308420,17979134,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Howl J. Pendragon,"I've been playingZigurratsince its full release and I'm just so happy that it keeps getting updated. It's likely the best FPS roguelite there is, and will probably be the best one there is for a while, and it's all because of a few key things.For starters, the action is fast-paced. It reminds me ofSerious SamorPainkillerin that you go to an area and must defeat all of the enemies. In order to do so, you must do tons of sprinting, jumping, and avoiding projectiles. There's a lot of movement involved, so your aiming skills and agility are both tested to the maximum. Since you have four weapon slots (and are ALWAYS given a new weapon at the start of the floor, including the first level), you'll always have plenty of tools for getting the job done. All weapons also have a secondary fire, giving the game a lot more depth from the get-go.It helps that the game has tons characters, weapons, items, and buffs/defuss, all of which are pretty varied. In true roguelite fashion, you'll die pretty quickly and you'll die many times before you complete your first successful run. Pretty much every time my run came to an end, I unlocked something. The more time you give to the game, the more it gives back.I can't think of too many complaints other than how there's not much to the general gameplay flow apart from shooting and maneuvering. That's probably all the game needed. If there's ever going to be a crazier sequel, this is probably the best foundation we could hope for, and it truly does help that there's already a lot of variety within the game itself.This is what arena-based FPS roguelites should look up to. The game has received plenty of updates since its release and I'm hoping they keep this up."
76561198051483847,Recommended,308420,16321093,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Jonathan Joestar,"In Ziggurat, Carrot eats You!"
76561198050804127,Recommended,308420,19380252,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Kiddo,ziggurat my wiggerot
,Recommended,308420,16665051,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,LockeXT,"This is a pretty fun game.  It's like a roguelike but FPS, and reminds me a lot of Doom.  Maybe Hexen or Heretic.  I dunno, It's worth a few bucks, I got it on the summer sale and I don't remember what I paid, but it's worth about 5 bucks no problem."
76561198102134139,Recommended,308420,20387378,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Lawa_my,"Decent game, as other reviewers have noted, but hides a lot of content and extra player characters behind absurd ""achievement"" walls like ""die 200 times"".If you buy a game you should get all of the game."
,Recommended,308420,22361962,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Kernel,You are a wizardor you think you arecheck a mirroryou dont existfeels real
76561198110188745,Recommended,308420,16224240,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,GOTOHELL YOU FUCKING PIECEOFSHIT,"This has got to be one of the best rouge lites ever. Only problem is, is that there isn't any spread sheets. But even without spread sheets this game is very much worth your time and will give you hours and hours of fun.200 spread sheets/10"
76561198040859935,Recommended,308420,18276852,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Tits McGee,This is a game that promises violence towards anthropomorphised carrots and it delivers on that same promise.
76561198041686787,Recommended,308420,18100715,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,m16Ashigaru,"Never got really fun but it is there when I want a quick action. A lot more than I get from other games, so I highly recommend it to anyone that wants to have fun."
,Recommended,308420,18268355,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,The IT Guy,"I love everything about this game. It's a roguelike/liteish game with proceduerally generated floors, RNG based everything, and to add icing to the cake it's all in first person.This game near the end had me praying to the RNG gods to not shaft me hard while trying to beat hard. Finally I had gotten a combination of weapons, powerups, level ups, and floor layouts that don't make me want to curl up in the corner and was able to beat the game on hard.So if you love praying to the RNG gods and casting magic spells in first person this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,308420,18091706,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ERock022,This game is a blast to play.  I just wish I could remember to play it from time to time.  This is the perfect game to play for just 20 to 30 minutes if you just want something to do.  It does not require a big time commitment to make progress.  It is discouraging at first until you realize that you are meant to fail many times at first but you are unlocking things each play through.  I think that is why I quit playing at first but then when I realized what was going on I was sold.  It is a very fun concept.  Now I just need to remember to play it more often!  I guess that is what happens when you buy it with 20 other games during a winter or summer sale!  It takes a bit to realize what you have!
,Recommended,308420,13817263,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Barkie_Mailman,This is that type of game that you just can't wait to go and leave a positive review for everyone else.*Lot's of unlocks for future playthroughs*Cool alt fire for every spell*You get to choose a perk with each level gained*Really well done platforming puzzles with awardsHas a lot in common with Rogue Legacy which is one of my favorite games. If you're into the roguelikes/lites this is an instant winner :D
,Recommended,308420,14685882,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Synthia Vice,"A fun fantasy rogue-lite with randomized levels and a neat selection of classes and weapons to choose from. The developers also continue to update the game with new content like enemies, weapons, and upgrades. I hope they will add an ""endless"" game mode at some point, where you keep playing until you die at some point."
,Recommended,308420,15508612,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,?JIMMY?,"A neat little classic FPS with roguelike elements. Definitely invokes Hexen with its art- and weapondesign. The biggest shortcoming unfortunately is a lack in variety, after a couple runs you will have already seen all the different room layouts, enemies and guns/perks. The smart and detailed scoring system motivates to compete on leaderboards, but if that's not your thing, you might get bored from it rather quickly. Ultimately though, for the price, it's an alright pickup that fits well in the roguelite genre."
76561198028475211,Recommended,308420,17882503,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Matt Bellamy's guitar,Interesting little Roguelike. I can't say I've been killed by mutant carrots before.
76561198010284968,Recommended,308420,17479788,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Dankers,Hidden gem.
,Recommended,308420,17499153,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Ghoulie,I could see myself losing hundreds of hours to this game...buy it.
,Recommended,308420,17884886,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mom,"really great combat and dungeon design, good progression as well. if you like fps dungeon crawlers get this game."
76561198052240531,Recommended,308420,18371096,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mcxar,"Needs more enemy variety for sure and could use some more floors to reach the end, but i guess thats something for a sequel, all in all very good game for the price."
,Recommended,308420,17746595,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,mako,Pretty darn satisfying. Still enjoying myself after 81 hours (although I do feel like an akrasiak piece of garbage)
,Recommended,308420,18124371,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,TheZuzu,"It's basically rogue-like Heretic/Hexen, but it has plenty of unique qualities.  The game has a great sense of humor about itself and has the aesthetic to match."
,Recommended,308420,19758017,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,[MoC]Drakkyn,"Fast,  fun and fiendishly addictive.  This little shooter is great for a roll in the hay or just jumping around the carrots.Remember the ABC ... ALWAYS BE CASTING!  and jumping .. ABCJ.  and dodging  ... ABCJD!Remember ABCJD!"
,Recommended,308420,20243365,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JayRob,"Fast-paced, arena-shooter, roguelike action."
76561198123576565,Recommended,308420,18387990,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Felicia,Wizarding Grad School Simulator 2014
,Recommended,308420,20251198,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Toast Toaster,"It's like Serious Sam, but if Serious Sam were a rouguelike."
,Recommended,308420,20302631,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,FFEDCO,Wizardly.
,Recommended,308420,18387096,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,tomalong,keep on wizarding
,Recommended,308420,18406519,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,TIKI500,A great FPS rouge lilke with daily challenges :D  Check out my Let's Playhttps://youtu.be/lbRVF01sFww
,Recommended,308420,17879906,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,MrIndieJ,"Ok, this game is great! It's face paced, rogue-like, FPS goodness! I will compare it to the Binding of Isaac (yeah, I know, they didn't invent the genre, but it's an easy comparison) in that you get a map that fills up as you explore the level, you have upgradeable health, different playable characters with unique play styles, randomized drops, secret rooms, sacrifice rooms, boss fights, etc... Now, these are ""random"" games, but with skill, you can beat them every time. You can blame a bad run all you want, but the developers of both games have put time into the balance of the game. I give it an 8.75/10."
,Recommended,308420,21066008,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kiefmeister420,"Fun, but gets repetitive easily."
76561198052389889,Recommended,308420,21220647,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,LurkingSin23,"This game is a fantastic and action-packed first-person dungeon crawling game and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants a game that's first-person, has randomly generated rooms and floors, and lastly, different weapons to start off with and SO MANY DIFFERENT weapons, perks, and bosses and creatures. Overall, I really enjoy and recommend it!"
,Recommended,308420,21509756,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Vampyre,like bindings of isaac but better
76561198025200657,Recommended,308420,31426265,Posted: 28 April,all,Dzaka,dis monstah ask for mah tree fiddy..... worth it
,Recommended,308420,18274914,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,craftycommando,"fast paced rogue like mage shooter. wands, spells, staves, arcane. all powerful all fun."
,Recommended,308420,16317995,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,sync54,this game is fun
76561198093363183,Recommended,308420,32523040,Posted: 17 June,all,Smackm0nk3y,Take Heretic and mix it with Binding of Issac (maybe toss in a little Serious Sam) and you get this game.  I beat it on easy in under 3 hours so the game is not long at all.  I really like the art style and simplistic gameplay.  It also has a lot of variety to prevent it from being too repetitive.
,Recommended,308420,31873311,Posted: 20 May,all,LilBoyNate,The best way I could describe this game is if Enter the Gungeon was a first person shooter. Great game!
,Not Recommended,308420,13643588,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,William Shakesman,"Boy those Roguelike games sure are a dime a dozen these days. Wouldn't it be nice if they built one around fun gameplay rather than mediocrity or super extreme fiddly RPG mechanics.Then suddenly Ziggurat appears. Not the first roguelike FPS but this one nails the Doom feel. Lots of stafing, dodging bullets, a decent variety of guns. All wrapped up in a lovely fantasy motif that no game seems to want to truck with these days outside of a mindless clickfest RPG or Skyrim, but I repeat myself.Fight enemies, collect weapons, level up and get random perks. Unfortunately, the game is hugely swingy on randomness, par for the genre. If you get awful perks or weak weaponry you likely won't see the end of the game so it's not something I would call a ""serious"" game right yet. If I lose, I think part of that is the game's fault because of all this randomness. Plus, the late game monsters have so much health that the game loses the joy of the early levels and just becomes tedious ""hold mouse button against health bars.""That said, it reminds me of Doom and any game that can do that is on the right track. Easily the best roguelite I've played but that isn't saying much. I still cannot recommend it. It's fun for a while but it just doesn't hold up in the long run."
76561198008345873,Recommended,308420,24913330,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,sourface,"A fast-paced FPS with a retro feel and all the replayability offered by contemporary, procedurally-generated roguelites. May contain murderous vegestables."
,Recommended,308420,31515759,Posted: 2 May,all,MeMosh,"It's like Heretic/Hexen, but with random♥♥♥♥♥♥:D"
,Recommended,308420,31550491,Posted: 4 May,all,Frostbot,fun game
76561198025401428,Recommended,308420,14565842,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sjukpensionären,"It reminds me very much of binding of isaac but it feels like the game lacks replay value, fun items/perks and other stuff. I never feel like I'm customizing my character after the skills I like the most in games resulting in that the game gets kind of repetitive by doing the same things again with rooms looking the same throughout the levels and that I have to spam enemies countless times with different weapons to make them go down.Don't get me wrong: I love challenges, it's just that it becomes kind of boring after a few hours. However: It's a good game and the concept is also a good plus, with frequent updates the game will probably become much better. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,308420,31360840,Posted: 25 April,all,superguybob,It's amazing I love it
,Recommended,308420,16083368,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Spychopat,best fps roguelike ever
,Recommended,308420,15800487,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,DeadlyDanDaMan,Amazing game! Don't waste time and buy it NOW!
,Recommended,308420,12688148,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Uhthis,"This first person roguelite is a fantastic product. I'm extremely impressed with the asthetics of the game, the varieties in all aspects of the game. The dungeon crawls are fantastic, I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for one of the best first-person roguelites out there. 10/10"
,Recommended,308420,13246450,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Braxt,Recommended for FPS/Arcade fans.
76561198064387547,Recommended,308420,14513549,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Titus Gray,"This game on first glance is a nice, frenetic FPS with the obvious roguelike elements that make it tough to learn initially.  But it has a certain genius to it, and at the moment stands as a masterpiece of game design, and a personal favorite of mine.Here are some important points I have to make:- The game requires a large number of playthroughs.  Not just to get the hang of the flow of combat, but also to learn the enemy/weapon relationships.  Because you start with a small pool of weapons initially, this makes it pretty simple to do, and cuts down the overwhelming nature of the roguelike elements.  You'll die a lot initially, but you will immediately find nourishment in your demise as slowly the game unfolds itself, like a puzzle box.- As the game begins to develop during your playthroughs, you will notice that the strategies to combat will take on a depth.  With the limited amount of health and other manas besides the wand itself you will find a certain triumph the moment you uncover the manners in which combat can be controlled and your advantage maintained.  The second this happens to you you will immediately feel like a bada**.- Each playthrough increases in complexity to the point that you will relish the opportunity to play to floor 5, knowing that when you die, several things will be unlocked, making the next run even more random.  Not to mention that you might get to the end.TL;DR: The game hits its stride several playthroughs in, making a $15 price tag a bargain.  It may have near inifinite replayability, since the pool of available items and weapons when everything is unlocked is a virtual playground of roguelike greatness."
,Recommended,308420,34820148,Posted: 8 September,all,Hacker Chogi1337,"Bought for £3.29 and on my 5th run, I could two shot every enemy.10/10"
,Recommended,308420,12865933,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Akarinata,"Highly reccommend. If you like roguelite in general, like old-school FPSs, and/or have even considered looking at this game, just buy it. Level design is great, weapons are all unique, enemies are very well-balanced, and it's just good fun in general. The developers are very active on the Steam forums, their own forums, and just great at receiving feedback overall, producing snappy fixes and updates when needed, all while being very polite and humble to their customers.A must buy for any veteran magic users out there, who enjoy challenging yet relaxing randomly-generated fun, and don't mind looking like a badass while firing off their wand, or using their staff like your average Gandalf and looking cool while doing it."
76561198022848812,Recommended,308420,14800843,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,cleiton.europark,I did not like !
,Recommended,308420,24926500,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,MechaDangerous,"Amazingly fun and addictive game. Very charming graphics and very fast gameplay. It's a tough game, but it's just so much fun to keep playing over and over again. Can't wait to get into more of this!"
76561198088953625,Recommended,308420,19340308,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Elgroth Talvinen,"Brilliant, simple, good relaxation, RPG elements, original gameplay (mana), hard as love."
,Recommended,308420,20472872,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Ergo,"Surprisingly fun FPS rogue-lite. There are tons of different perks, items, and characters to unlock which allows you to jump in and always be able to experience something new. With each run lasting about an hour (for me) its something that you can start up without having to really worry about a long commitment. Ziggurat is defiantly a must have on your account."
76561198331352577,Recommended,308420,34068956,Posted: 6 August,all,Werenix,"I bought the game when it was on sale for $4. Regardless, I recommend this game. The runs can be short, just depends on the difficulty and how well versed you are at it.~20 different wizards to choose from, the floors are always different, so many different perks to choose from, and a wide variety of monsters. Be sure to go into the settings and change the running 'effect' so it doesn't blur when you run, you'll move around a little better overall.Only thing I don't like is you HAVE to beat it on easy with a character before you can try normal with that ONE character, and the monsters drop less as the difficulty rises.Just a personal preference, I try to grab trader, book worm, or loan shark asap.Trader allows any mana crystal to slightly fill all your reservesBook worm increases your perk selection when you lvl from 2 to 3Load Shark grants you EXP from point goblets that are otherwise useless"
,Recommended,308420,33926372,Posted: 31 July,all,jordi,"Excellent frantic procedural casual FPS. Like a Bindinc of Isaac but in 3D. The basic mode is a bit short, but there are many more."
,Recommended,308420,34126860,Posted: 9 August,all,Codelizard,"A fusion between faced-paced shooters like Quake and first-person dungeon crawlers like Delver or Barony. An incredibly short game designed to be replayed many times, as each playthrough unlocks more things - you get extra weapons and such to play with just by playing the game, regardless of whether you win or die horribly.You're a magical apprentice undertaking the trial of the Ziggurat, which entails going from room to room shooting monsters with magic wands/spells/staves/explosives. There's a fair number of different monsters and all the weapons are fairly equivalent in power, differing in how they are used, and whether they are good against one monster or against crowds. You're encouraged to cycle between multiple weapon types, since each weapon has its own mana pool, and only the basic wand regenerates mana.It's got a ton of replay value, as the ziggurat is procedurally generated each time, and you'll always end up with different weapons. It forces you NOT to settle into one reliable strategy since you will almost never get the same combination of weapons, and they have to be used in different ways, which forces things to stay fresh - it's well-designed. There's also like 15-20 characters with different play styles on top of that, three base difficulty levels, a Gauntlet mode (one room that lasts until you die) and an Endless mode (the normal game but the ziggurat goes on forever).Definitely recommended. It's incredibly easy to pick up, but it keeps you on your toes and is a great short game."
,Recommended,308420,33760123,Posted: 23 July,all,Monkeh6667,9/10 love playing it with music on
76561197998217277,Recommended,308420,33803940,Posted: 26 July,all,ZEN UK,Ziggurat itself is a very solid fps/roguelike game that brings a perfect balance of random dungeons & boss encouters. Ideal if you wanted something immensive but don't have alot of time to spare. Especially since there is a save between level feature. Absolute steal of a roguelike game when it's on sale!
76561198051175800,Recommended,308420,34078395,Posted: 7 August,all,Chosen Undead,I went from being a noob to beating it in 17 hrs. Totally worth it.
76561198044100288,Recommended,308420,25292002,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,200dec,после калофблядофилдов остро осознаешь что руки переместились значительно ниже плеч (((
,Recommended,308420,25220726,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Complexkay,I feel like I'm harry pooter
,Recommended,308420,28050396,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,awoo,G I TUD
,Recommended,308420,21371426,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Havok [ID],"Forced to watch the intro (can't be skipped), then the game crashes. 10/10."
76561198041156134,Recommended,308420,13314382,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Don't get weepy touch ur peepee,"An incredibly smooth flowing game with lots of challenge, and replayability. It simply feels good to play the game the movement is clean, and the weapons are interesting.At 15$ it's a steal."
76561197978481542,Not Recommended,308420,35427392,Posted: 2 October,all,MOLITHAL,"I had this on my wishlist for a while, picked it up on sale but i just couldn't get into it. Movement and shooting mechanics just didn't feel tight enough for me, that coupled with my distast for magic/fantasy i guess i should have known.Wasn't a fan of the enemies either. Carrots? Uhhh...I don't think it helped my initial impressions that i'd just previously played STRAFE and unconciously compared the shooting/movement to that game.If you're like me, then i'd recommend STRAFE over Ziggurat any day."
76561198174060897,Not Recommended,308420,18492069,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Ruazha,"Good gameSo sad that it's not supporting PS4 controller.This is an edition for OS X, not much people would buy a pair of gaming mouse and keyboard for Mac.I temporarilly give a ""NO"", for those who play games with controller in iMac.Hope the developer solve that problem"
,Not Recommended,308420,17898740,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mandarbmax,"It would probabily be a nice game if I could see anything, the lack of a brightness slider makes it impossiable to play, I even have my screen brightness and gama modified."
76561197994758141,Not Recommended,308420,18536893,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Karl Napf der Abwaschbare,"The graphics are very basic, the enemy AI extremely simple, and the game play quite repetetive."
,Not Recommended,308420,18351270,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Gatts,"With no ""Kinda"" option, I'll have to choose ""No."" Ziggurat is so very, very close to being a smash-hit like Binding of Isaac and other rougelikes, but it's missing crucial amounts of room generation and the gameplay becomes very stale, very quickly.Beat the Easy mode in about two hours, once I picked up multiple health increases and kept boosting the health I got for broken items in the environment; upgrading those two back and forth will make the game easy.The bosses all need plenty of close-range shots with your strongest weapon's alternative fire. This is extremely cheap but extremely effective; it makes all the shots meant for wave-management hit the boss and do a LOT more damage.Ziggurat would be a multi-platform HIT if it had many other kinds of enemies, a third-person mode, modding support or tools, scaling damage so that the game could be completed quicker with skill, fan-created levels, and a much wider selection of items, weapons, and ideas.Ziggurat was very close.Worth $10 to me currently, $15 feels like I'm ever-so-slightly being cheated."
76561197990080937,Not Recommended,308420,29980874,Posted: 17 February,all,A Phooph!,"While this game is an absolute blast, it has one big problem. It's too safe. Let me explain..-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Very little enemy variety. We're talking only 27 enemies and 13 ""bosses"". Not much mechanical depth for any of them. and you see almost all of them a couple of runs in. Feels grindy when you realize that's all you get.- There are a ton of weapons, but many play relatively similarly and unlocking them feels unrewarding. They should've felt more like class playstyles and offered Skyim-esque variety. Instead, they all feel relatively the same (long ranged pew pew weapons, aoe or single target, poison or homing) and don't feel rewarding when you're gunning down the same enemies you've already gunned down thousands of times before actually unlocking the weapons to start with.- Characters aren't unique enough. The tiny customizations and playstyles don't feel satisfying for most of them. They should've started with different weapons and had more oomph. Make them more class-like. Melee characters and such.- The environment feels a bit stale. You play through one floor and suddenly you've witness just about everything you'll see for the rest of your game time.- Character upgrades in-game are interesting, but making them the bulk of unlockables and making them take forever to fully unlock doesn't feel satisfying. It's not like Isaac where you gain a new wicked perk that hugely affects gameplay. Most are forgettable.-------------------------------------------------------TLDR;What's the biggest problem with this game? They played it too safe. The gameplay is brilliant and I love how fast paced it is, but everything is just lacking. The good things are dragged down by the lack of more good things. More enemies and bosses, more mechanical depth, more room types and more traps, better unlocking system, better characters with more unique starts, more variety in weapons, etc etc all would've made this game an absolute million dollar star. They played it way too safe and let an absolutely fantastic base game go to waste. You'll enjoy it massively at first but then realize that the lack of interactive content will just leave you disheartened. It's such a shame. :("
76561197971407800,Recommended,308420,31250626,Posted: 19 April,all,Fillet,Just ♥♥♥♥ing great. Procedural Hexen with a modern engine. If those words make sense to you you should probably already own this game
,Recommended,308420,31189413,Posted: 16 April,all,TREE GRASS THE DUMP CLOD,"pretty fun roguelite arena fps. plays like doom-ish. its somewhat difficult, but satisfying. buy it."
76561198067470307,Recommended,308420,31347455,Posted: 24 April,all,Demonkez,"love this game <3 it was one of the first games that i streamed back on xbox one :) been waiting for it to go on sale :P100% suggest you get the game. its really fun and annoying at the same time some times, loads of unlocks and character unlocks to get. and a few secrets along the way."
,Recommended,308420,13679108,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Derzak,"Ziggurat is pretty much Binding of Isaac meets Painkiller with wands, staffs and spellbooks instead of guns. Fast-paced wandplay, large amounts of replayability, ridiculously challenging combat with a large amount of imaginative weapons, perks, characters and items to unlock.My only minor gripe would be the lack of enemy variety between levels. Stronger enemies are added as the game progresses, but the weaker enemies from previous levels still spawn, and since each room spawns 2 or 3 types of enemies, you will be fighting those same enemies more than a few times per session. There's still a lot of room for improvement due to the nature of the game, though, and each update comes with bits of content which is good enough. And, again, the sheer variety of weapons, perks and characters to use are enough to ensure each playthrough will be different than the last one.If old-school FPS games and roguelites are your thing, Ziggurat is worth every single cent you're going to part with for it, even at base price. Get it fast."
,Not Recommended,308420,34442277,Posted: 23 August,all,Tony Montana,2 times during my playtime enemies got stuck out of bounds.For this type of game (given you can't get out of room until you kill everything in it) this is unacceptable.
76561197997966155,Recommended,308420,29274948,Posted: 15 January,all,r¡sê ºƒ çhaös™,Yes
76561197964863427,Not Recommended,308420,15703944,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Kamamura,"I have rather mixed feeling about the game.First of all, it's not a ""rogue-like"", nor ""rogue-lite"", it's and action game, plain and simple. You run around and shoot wands and spells, but they could be machine guns and shotguns.  There are no stats, no character development, no gear besides a few weapon (just like in action games). The maps are randomized each run, but the rooms are extremely bland, basically squares with a few obstacles or stairs. The monsters vary visually, but don't do much, either run at you, or float around and shoot something at you. The only special attack is waves in the ground you have to jump over.What is extremely distracting is the fact that you must constantly pick up loot falling from the killed enemies that disappears rather fast, so you can never concentrate on the combat. Every now and then, you get a not very significant upgrade. Some rooms contain shrines you can pray at, and they either reward you or punish you, which is honestly rather dumb.Besides constant circle straffing and shooting, there is little to do, so the game makes sure you die often and play the first two levels over and over (there is only five levels altogether). Each failure brings some ""unlocks"" to soften the tedium.Your mileage may vary depending on how much you love constant circle-strafing while mowing down the same dumb mobs. For me, it got old rather fast, but if you feel you want some brainless shooting entertainment, the game is perfect.On the positive side, the game is rather nice graphically, especially for an indie game, and emanates that ""polished"" feeling. No crude art, no hiccups, no embarrasing bugs. It's a well tested and carefully crafted product with obviously focused vision behind it.I don't like it that much personally, but I can imagine it's just what some people want. So I give ""no"" for my personal opinion and for the rather shallow content and scope, but I would give the game 60-70 percent out of a 100. It's not original (Heretic inspiration is obvious), it's not ambitious, but it's rather well made and polished. It makes rather great first impression, but the aftertaste is not all that pleasant."
,Recommended,308420,12812251,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,betazed,"I'm a huge fan of the classic shooters like Doom but what really stinks about them is how, after playing them for a long time there just isn't any surprise in it. This game takes that frenetic gameplay and marries it to a nice looking fantasy setting and uses random generation to ensure that each (admittedly short) playthrough is unique. Really a great job on this one guys and props for the Linux support!"
,Recommended,308420,12830030,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,softspoken.gamer,"This game has VALUE written all over it.Overview:- Fast-paced FPS action.- Pleasant graphical style that runs smoothly.- Good variety in rooms, monsters, weapons and powers-ups.- A responsible Developer that has updated the game, and added content, several times since release.Ziggurat has instantly become my favorite game of the year. I've been looking for a Rogue-lite to capture my attention and entertain me and now I'm absorbed.Game Features:- Numerous different unlockable Mages to to play. Each Mage has unique starting attributes and unique firing types for the different weapons in he game.- Four different types of weapons (Wand, Spells, Staff, Alchemy) with each weapon type also having different sub-types which not only do different types of damage but also deliver the damage in a unique way.- Multiple different rooms of type, sizes and design. Rooms with large horizontal space, vertical space, mazes, lots of nooks, traps, hazards, etc ...- Interesting progression options and power-ups in the form of Amulets and Shrines.So far I have enjoyed every minute spent in the game."
76561198047410471,Not Recommended,308420,15708415,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mr.Zone,"If you're in the market for a first person roguelike I have to suggest eldtrich over this and here's why:Starting at the begining the story is very straightforward without giving a single satisfying answer to anything or even having an air of mystery, the storyline is there attempting to justify the game for existing but fails miserable since there is no closure and just an endless loop. The main character studied to be a mage for 20 years and in all that time learned how to use every weapon in the game but only brings a wand that shoots ""pew pews"" to his biggest challenge.Gameplay wise this game is solid but lacking, nothing new or original, just the same waves of weird looking enemies that swarm you with particle effects and themselves with every room you step into, the weapons are all very simple and straightforward. You have a wand for a fallback plan and you can pick up three other weapon types; Area of effect weapon, rapid fire weapon, and a strategic weapon. Each has a few different variants but you can hold three at the same time so in the end it's just preference between heatsink or freeze- poison or damage- etc. It gets old fairly soon and you may get dizzy from the way your character sways like a flower in a tornado.The map is a small assortment of rooms connected by short hallways in five barely different floors, it's a short game.On each floor you have one treasure box room, a jumping puzzle, a key room, a boss room, a secret room, and the rest are just filled with enemies that spawn once you step in and the door is locked behind you.The graphics are decent but nothing you haven't seen before and nothing that will make you gape in awe but they are standable.The music there does little more than set the tone with a good choice of instruments but not a single tune that stuck with me or is worth hearing again.All in all it's a game where you spawn and grab a weapon then move fast enough to avoid enemy projectiles and throw your own until you beat the five floors, nothing really stands out, not worth $15 more like $3-$7. Eldritch has a lot more freedom and sets a tone that makes you feel and fear the world around you and forces you to think outside the box and not just shoot everything that moves."
,Not Recommended,308420,16672748,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Harcile,"I was bored after 10 minutes. Strafe and shoot. Wash and repeat. It feels like there's few other tactics required. It is sad because it has all the foundations required to be a great game, but the gameplay is just so repetitive."
76561198002589499,Not Recommended,308420,14784409,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,kansaskax,Running Backwards  Simulator 2015
,Recommended,308420,31781601,Posted: 15 May,all,Bonfire,Great game highly recommend if you like fps doungen crawlers
76561198077987676,Recommended,308420,11746998,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Macho Man,"A macho review.Zigga wut?Zigga this hulkamiac, Ziggurat is game of devotion, a game of pick up and die a few times to FEEL it's power. Zigga that for a second and get back to me.Yeah, brother. I've been to outerspace.JUST A NICE LITTLE SOFT LANDING, open a door and SQUASH your opposing forces. You gonna live? I DON'T THINK SO! But you can try, yeah i'll let you try.What about content? What about this, or ziggathat?DON'T CRY! Crying is for hulkamaniacs. AMPLE content and the randomness feels flawless for this FPS SAVAGE ROGUE this is macho madness.And the beat goes on.Bringing  a roaring uber to your doorstep to put the smackdown of FOUR STARS on this game. And that, is macho madness."
76561197970495420,Not Recommended,308420,16996462,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Son of Hot Pie,"The inability to reload a game after dying makes this extremely frustrating for me.  There is really no strategy, you get locked into room after room of multiple monsters and run around shooting.As you progress and get better weapons and abilities they are all lost is a couple seconds when you meet an unfamiliar foe who kills you in 2 or 3 hits.  Guess what?  You have to start all over, new map, no weapons, no abilities.  Yay."
76561198047134587,Recommended,308420,17341544,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,yellow,"Cute little game, great to play for 20 minutes from time to time. RNG is not very fair, but what can you expect from roguelike."
,Recommended,308420,12628367,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,dan,Really digging this game!
76561198171511853,Recommended,308420,31350140,Posted: 24 April,all,Pheonixkey9,"Fast paced and fun unique dungeons, what's not to love"
76561198054059649,Recommended,308420,12913355,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,bluemime86,"it's tight, sleek and awesome. This game has VALUE written all over it. It's tough, very tough. Yet at no time does it seem unfair, there's a definite learning curve.Loads of unlockables, multiple characters and lots and lots of blammo all with a deceptive amount of thought required as you climb the difficulty curve.The action is fast and frantic, death will come quick and often. Now I can add running away in a panick from a mob of angry carrots to the list of things I enjoy...  The developers are very active on the Steam forums, their own forums, and just great at receiving feedback overall, producing snappy fixes and updates when needed, all while being very polite and humble to their customers. Reminds me of Legend of Grimrock, a great dungeon crawler game i recommend."
76561198091878281,Recommended,308420,12613582,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Pedro II do Brasil,"Really well-designed, fun and absolutely worth its full price."
,Not Recommended,308420,20134204,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kurp ♥,"Reminds me of Heretic, but procedurally generated and with permadeath. Very mediocre overall, but has enough minor grievances that bring the game down."
,Recommended,308420,14508452,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Bloobster[ßŦ],"Great game!!! Its controls are tight and it's movement is spectacular. You get the nice Quake feel with a dungeon to shoot magic at enemies!The roguelike element is cut and dry. You start with nothing, earn it through playing the dungeon floors, and when you die you lose it all.9/10 from me.If you have a competative itch on you, highscores on this are fun to try and keep."
,Recommended,308420,14115897,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,TheSexualHarassmentPanda,"Amazing and for £5.49 which i paid is excellentA fun , inventive and challenging game that it certain worth buying8/10"
76561197984721423,Recommended,308420,12337009,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,tdg,"If you like Fancy Skulls, then you'll love Ziggurat.If you like Hexn, or Doom, you'll adore Ziggurat."
76561198248651202,Recommended,308420,25504716,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,CrunchyCon542,"ziggurat is a very exciting arcade rpg. I found it challenging but simple, and would very much reccomend it to anyone. I do however,wish there was a certian feature. dodging. since its already a acrcade style game,why not add dodging? other than that, i really didnt hvae to many issues, its a fun game"
,Recommended,308420,12864733,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,stackedmidgets,Like a randomized Doom. Reasonably polished. Feels complete.
76561198011292952,Recommended,308420,12829083,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Danisapancake,"BEFORE YOU READ THIS KEEP IN MIND I PLAYED ONLY NORMAL MODE SO EVERYTHING IS BASED ON THATSummary: A modest, but attractive, first person roguelike game. It is a procedually generated game. Bought it first week of release and since then there have been 2 updates and a hotfix announced in 2 weeks, the second update adding 15 more room designs a day ago. Apparently, this was an early access game and got out of that phase! It has platforming elements and in first person it can get frustrating for some people. The difference between a good and exceptional player is dodging. I am mediocre in dodging so i rely on damage reduction perk more. The FOV slider lets you have Quake FOV and you can also go fast. Graphic style cartoonish, game runs on my laptop (i mean toaster) at max resolution medium graphics with 20-30 FPS.Company cares about the game, there is decent weapon variety (4 weapon types), you have normal and alt fire possibilities. You have amulets with various effects and are recharged by killing enemies (no cooldown on them), you can choose perks everytime you level up to help you have a good run. Decent enemy variety. Every game i played (i think 20 or so) i got the same enemy combinations only a couple times and in different orders. New rooms were added so room variety also increased. Goal is to beat all 5 levels. You have decent character variety too, with different stats and perks. You have to unlock every character (which i've done in 7-8 hours of gameplay). You have to play to unlock perks, amulets and weapons.Recommended for: people who tolerate first person platforming, love roguelike genres, enjoy playing a lot to unlock more stuff to play a lot to unlock more stuff to YOU GET THE POINT. If you love magic, it's a bonus because it's all wizardry! Also people who love aiming.Wall of text: You die, you're done. Everytime you die or finish the game you unlock new perks, weapons and amulets. Perks are obtained through levelups and they play a big role in having a good run or a bad run. You have 4 weapon types: wand, spells, staves and alchemy.- Wand is your basic weapon with regenerating mana but it is good or bad depending on the character.- Spell weapons are tomes that have short-medium range and decent damage.- Staves are usually rapid fire weapons but i just unlocked a staff that has low fire rate and high damage so there is variety in that as well.- Alchemy is sheer destructive power, bombs and explosive weapons.Each weapon has a mana pool. Spell, staves and alchemic mana does not regenerate and you fill up their mana by picking up mana gems.Every weapon has alt-fire which adds to 8 possible attacks if you have all 4 weapons. You generally start with 1 random spell, staff or alchemic weapon at the start and if you get lucky in the next levels you get the other weapons.Amulets are dodgy because half the time i never got them, 10% of the time i got them in the last level and the remaining time i got lucky at the start and got one.Perks are unlocked the more you finish a playthrough (either through killing last boss or dying) so you get more variety in your choices. There are ""gambling"" perks (e.g. gamble your life: either refill your health or lose 25% of your max and current health), high tradeoff perks (e.g. double weapon damage but triples mana cost), normal, scaling perks the more you select them (e.g. go faster, select perk 5 times to go super sanic). Also perks that refill your mana or health are present too. I prefer scaling perks cause i don't like gambling or severe tradeoffs.Drops from monsters disappear in time so you should really try to pick up experience orbs before they disappear. That levelup can really make a difference.Boss variety is decent, they are easy to deal with on normal mode. Monsters and bosses have an easy-to-memorise attack pattern, so trial and error! Monsters can also be champions with different effects based on their colours. Learn them and prioritise killing them if you think they are a threat.There are different room types. There are normal rooms where monsters spawn, sometimes with differnet effects such as mosnters being weaker, monsters attacking faster, the player having lower/higher fire rate, only champion monsters etc. This effect occurs randomly, sometimes not at all. One day you will feel my pain when the effect of lower movement speed was in and i died cause of it (BECAUSE YOU NEED TO DODGE). There are treasure rooms where sometimes you get a perk, amulet, exp, health, mana or it's an ambush and monsters will attack you. There are shrines where you can sacrifice health or mana for different effects (gifts, indifference, punishment). Gifts are good, punishments BAD and indifference are tradeoffs such as higher mana pool but bigger mana cost. There is also one shrine where you can sacrifice nothing. You can still get punishments from health and mana shrine sacrifices.There is a boss room, where you need a portal key from the portal key room to start the boss fight. There are hazard rooms (on the minimap: yellow for being dangerous to traverse such as lava; red for hazardous room with a chest at the end with a reward: weapon, perk, amulet etc). There is a room with a lore scroll that gives you an experience boost. Destroying objects such as books and graves can give you dropped items like health. Even after you get every lore scroll they still spawn with a random page to give experience.There are secret rooms which give a nice reward and contain info about Milkstone's various games. I won't tell you how to find them but i can tell you there is one on each level. TRIAL AND ERROR!Judging by this wall of text, the game is pretty good. It has good variety and i can see it being an enjoyable and attractive game for people who love the roguelike genre. Aiming and dodging are the defining factors of combat (unless you have level 5 thick skin perk which reduces damage, then you just don't care). There are enough things to learn and unlock to keep one hooked for 10 hours. The price compared to the amount of hours i put in, and will put in later, was totally worth it."
,Recommended,308420,12836399,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,King Aslan,"Great game, also, if you like it, check out /r/Ziggurat"
76561198051779903,Recommended,308420,12823543,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Arion Mirra,One of the best roguelite games.
76561197989759463,Recommended,308420,12810989,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Dethadder,Now I can add running away in a panick from a mob of angry carrots to the list of things I enjoy...
,Recommended,308420,12833351,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,TheBW,Solid FPS crawl experiance.
,Recommended,308420,12826149,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Spotlight,"One of the best games to come out this year, Ziggurat creates an immersive fun (but hard) game that looks amazing.9.5/10"
,Recommended,308420,13573107,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Hideo Kojima,Got attacked by giant carrots.10/10
,Recommended,308420,13573203,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mike-[FerlinBrwn],.
76561197982854553,Recommended,308420,13563737,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sage,"Fun, keep coming back for more."
76561197961774857,Recommended,308420,24739374,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,pitch,Wow it is good and replayable. Strong example of a roguelite.
76561198063427726,Recommended,308420,24805331,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,lustidrike,Nice
,Not Recommended,308420,13718703,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DMINATOR,"Good indie game to play for a few minutes, but with some flaws.Positive:+ Interesting idea+ Polished presentationNegative:- No proper saving features - It is beyond my understanding why developers still continue to make games without save feature. Funny thing the game didn't have any saves at all, so you had to complete entire game in one go ! Now after people demanded it, they've added the save feature in-between levels, but beyond my understanding the save file is deleted without any warning ?""We've added an autosave between levels, that gets automatically deleted once you load, to our wishlist for the game. It's not highest priority though, but it should be done sometime during the following months."" - Quote from developersI found about this ""feature"" only after I came back to continue playing and had to start from beginning !? Could you at least warn people about it, or maybe explain how many rooms there are, say with loading screen 1/5 so  the player would at least know how much time to put into this ? Where is the logic behind it?- The levels are kinda dull, yes there are rooms with different random monsters, random traps and rewards, but they are pretty much the same and it just becomes boring too quickly.- Swarms of monsters spawning all over the room. Now this is challenging true, but would it be nice for monsters not to randomly spawn behind you. It would be ok if we had a minimap so I could figure out if there is somebody behind me, but right now I have to run around the map in order to not get hit. What was the whole point of this game mechanic ? Some people brought Doom as an example of what this game plays like, well in Doom when monsters spawned (in a rare cases) they made a sound that you could use to understand where the thread is coming from and avoid getting damage.- Rewards are minimal. There are rewards in the game, but feels like the only thing I am getting - cards. It would be nice to have something more than that, just getting another Lvl + 2 card doesn't seem that rewarding to me.- Odd strafing controls, Why I cannot strafe in diagonals (with keyboard), only in straight lines? Pretty much all FPS games allow you to hold SHIFT and go in any direction ?Hopefully some of the things can be improved so I can review it again."
,Recommended,308420,19938175,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Cyan,"I've played for about 20 minutes and I can safely say that this is in my top 5 games of 2015.Edit: After 1 more hour, it's okay."
76561198008934177,Recommended,308420,32058117,Posted: 30 May,all,MrSoxs,It's good.
,Recommended,308420,31711709,Posted: 12 May,all,MongoGrubb,"Awesome game, very challenging, great gameplay, not just eye candy, true gameplay and well designed.  I have not played a game this good in years.  A+++++++  (FYI for all of you that claim this is not a review... that is exactly what it is... commenting on quality not a life history of what the game is)"
,Recommended,308420,33939474,Posted: 31 July,all,S7.RainbowDash,"Pretty fun game but it's replayability is hurt by it's lack of content. Combat is fluid, visuals are apealing. Good difficulty curve for unlocks and challenges."
,Not Recommended,308420,21312254,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,dont think about yor mom twerki,Beat it on my first run
,Recommended,308420,21243869,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,7omcruz,♥♥♥♥♥ fun
76561198086087452,Recommended,308420,12710665,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,CyberDown,Excelent FPS Rouge.
,Recommended,308420,17529643,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Dracasis,"Zig's a fine little game but lacks much variety for a roguelike. If you know how to move and shoot at the same time in an FPS games you'll be able to beat it rather handily. Most aspects of the game are randomized, the rooms, the talents you can select, the enemies you face but they aren’t randomized with enough variety to keep you playing past your third or fourth run.That being said, sub $5 its still worth a few hours of enjoyment. I enjoyed the game but it needed more meat."
76561197990222797,Not Recommended,308420,13628340,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,benzidrine,"First person jumping puzzles, the game.I just don't like the mechanic or enjoy first person jumping. The controls didn't suit it IMO and it meant every run ended in death as I got a jump wrong rather than in combat. It felt like combat was a side show for the real difficulty that was jumping onto a tiny platform over a pit of spikes.It wasn't the game I came for. I can see that some people would like this but I've never been a fan of jumping in first person and  the conrols feel like it is particular difficult to achieve. Failing at the jumps seems to do more damage than combat usually does.After winning a boss fight only to die trying to jump past a turret and around some lava I realised this game wasn't for me. What an anti-climatic ending."
,Recommended,308420,11708689,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,AlienPickle,I was eaten on level 1 by a swarm of piranha carrots.  Would buy again. 10/10.
76561198018598906,Not Recommended,308420,15848893,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Slice,Not my sort of game.  Might suit players who just want to run and shoot.
,Recommended,308420,19738537,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Prisoner 24601,It's basically Hexen: The Roguelike. And it's glorious.
,Not Recommended,308420,23957181,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,danly,"It's a bit of a swing and a missIt has the right movement, and a good formula, but the combat variety is lacking.It feels like amateur Doom WADs where you enter a room with a few crates and little to no meaningful height variety; the doors close and lock and a horde of badguys spawn, forcing you to clear them out before you can move on. Repeat ad nauseum."
,Not Recommended,308420,23084569,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,HoboapeV2,"While the game is fun for a while it soon becomes tedious with you fighting the same relatively small pool of enemies over and over. An issue this game has when compared to other rouge-like games such as ‘The Binding of Isaac’ or ‘Enter the Gungeon’ is a lack of a feeling of constant progression. In the previously mentioned examples you feel as though you are constantly unlocking useful items and areas even when constantly failing. In Ziggurat, you unlock items at the end of your runs, but they don’t feel impactful. This lack of impact permeates the whole game. The level up bonuses feel insignificant (slightly more mana or health for example) and won’t ever effect the way you play the game. The same could be said of many of the weapons with few having a big impact on enemies leading to them feeling more like peashooters than effective weaponry.But as I said at the start the game is fun and you can sink a few hours into it easily. If you are dying for a first person rouge-like experience then this is probably one of the best you will find. It just doesn’t stand up to other non fps games in the genre."
76561198038689052,Recommended,308420,13002170,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Professor Hugedix,Play it.just do it man it's so good
76561198048295598,Recommended,308420,12678346,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,vkhansen12,"Love it, definetly worth it to me"
,Recommended,308420,25596543,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,a_tiny_child,You run around and shoot things with your magic wand.  It is a solid shooter.  Either that premise appeals to your or it doesn't.  I'm not sure what else to tell ya.
,Recommended,308420,12620173,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Winged_Rats,"In Soviet Russia, carrot eats you! Also this game kicks all kinds of♥♥♥♥♥ It feels like The Binding of Isaac, and it plays like Paranauticl Activity. Worth the buy."
76561197994056558,Recommended,308420,12691397,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,M M,"Pretty sick magic-based FPS Rogue-like. But seriously, ♥♥♥♥ the challenge rooms, if I wanted to play another stressful platformer I wouldn't be playing this game. Otherwise, great stuff."
,Recommended,308420,13250185,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Passionate Mad Fool,Pretty Good. Give these guys your money.
,Not Recommended,308420,20133158,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,CryonicSuspension,"Plays like a low budget Serious Sam game but with ammo constraints.Two things that really bothered me in my short time with this game, prior to applying for a refund:- Enemies spam the cr*p out of you but your primary weapon drains mana to the point that you have to wait for mana regeneration, just so that you can fire again.- It is super dumb that when you kill an enemy, it drops health potions that disappear after a few seconds - you can't pick them up because the flying birds keep AOE fireballing the floor, so what's the point?"
76561197967469217,Not Recommended,308420,20104835,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Astigos,The action is completely uninspired; It lacks any satisfaction. The upgrades are not interesting. Waste of money.
,Recommended,308420,12874674,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,dnmr,"decent five dollar game, get when it's on sale"
76561197980308087,Recommended,308420,31735116,Posted: 13 May,all,Reaper,"Love this game. If Binding of Isaac and Hexen had a baby, this would be their child."
76561198084499092,Recommended,308420,13008451,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,zerosnightmares,BEST GAME IVE EVER BOUGHT
,Recommended,308420,12614882,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Catamondium,great concept could develop well as an fps rogue-lite mana types could be set up a simpler
76561198045285245,Recommended,308420,24438650,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ellipse,It's magic doom but with girls or small black kids that shoot skulls n♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's wild. Good god though use a better controller or one of those fandangled meese.
76561197966860304,Recommended,308420,31350823,Posted: 24 April,all,Sleepy Slevin,"Finally, something I can dump some hours into. With the graphics turned down, I can run this on a 6 year old laptop (single core) smooth as hail.10/10 Would be poor again"
,Recommended,308420,13846894,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SkySatan,"Ziggurat is a true indie gem and a must in every collection of the rogue like fan. Tons of unlocks, extremely beautiful art style and amazing gameplay. The devs are hard at work and releases updates continously. Now stop reading this review and go buy it!"
76561198016603957,Not Recommended,308420,33489838,Posted: 12 July,all,Fibulator,"I just don't like randomly generated maps, with no saves, and only one life.  But I thought I'd give this one a try, because it was on sale, very cheap and it looked cool, and reminded me of Hexen.There's *way* too much unavoidable damage.  Without a story... it just seems utterily pointless.If you like pontless FPS against AI, give this a try... otherwise, avoid.  The no-saves ruins the fun for me."
,Not Recommended,308420,14001477,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Ten,"There are a lot of interesting ideas and potential in Ziggurat. It's great to look at, with polished design and a style that successfully channels old fantasy FPS games like Heretic and Hexen. It's attempting to create an FPS/rogue-like hybrid, but unfortunately it stumbles on both counts. As a roguelike, it takes a Binding of Isaac approach, unlocking more available items as you complete certain tasks on each run. But none of the things unlocked feel particularly interesting. As an FPS the shooting does not feel tight, nor very effective.Ultimately, my main issue with Ziggurat is that of balance. Enemies are damage sponges that take way too many hits to bring down, even with the allegedly more powerful weapons that consume mana. Enemies in the first few levels are already deploying massively-damaging AoE attacks that are almost impossible to dodge when facing them en masse, and enemies randomly plopping into rooms turns the game into a constant boring slow-paced circle-strafe affair.I had fun for the first 20 minutes or so, but that was about it."
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,308420,15819647,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Scribbles,"Good, but way too short, and horribly imbalanced. It needs a major expansion to be worth a buy."
,Not Recommended,308420,16614120,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MotS,"Everything feels dry and boring. All weapons in their respective category do roughly the same, making it absolutely unexciting when you get a new one. All upgrades just give a tiny bonus, a bit more mana, a bit more health, a bit more exp.  Even those rather unexciting bonuses are capped at 5 levels each, to make absolutely sure that no fun can ever be had. In general, nothing that can happen in this game changes how the current run needs to be played.Play Tower of Guns instead. It's basically the same game, but with more fun things happening."
,Not Recommended,308420,23974880,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Tready,Repetative with disappointingly weak weapons and uselessly crappy level up bonuses
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,308420,23239207,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,gonzo191,"Ziggurat is an FPS rogue-like\lite in the vain of Hexen or Heretic using the ever titular BoI formula and for the most part it succeeds but it still falters along the line for me.Pros+ Feels very smooth, no stutters, frames drops or crashes.+ Movement in this game feels very fast, I can get from point A to point B extremely quickly and this makes dodging any hazards an easy task.+ Some rooms have a special trait which boost your wand\stave\magic combat proficiency and that's pretty cool i.e +50% damage with wands, -50% other.+ Interesting room layouts where some have various hazards scattered throughout them while others have presents at the end only if you manage to progress through.+ It's a very beautiful game, I love the art style chosen. It feels like a dark twisted cartoon themed world at times and that's really nice.+ The audio (for the most part) is well done. The music at times is mystical however the weapon sound effects do lack some umpf behind them.Cons- For some reason it feels too repetitive early on as you encounter the same type rooms and enemies very frequently.- There's nothing really to do in the rooms, you just enter and fight spawning enemies. It'd cool if there were some kind of interactables in the certain rooms.- Some room special traits are f*cking awful and not fun in the slightest i.e. Can only attack when in air, Scavenger (can only attack enemies after you've collected some scattered orbs).- Feels like I have to grind to unlock the majority of items\perks which gets pretty boring.- The perspective feels off. It feels like the player is too close to the floor. Either that or you're playing as very short characters.- The bosses, I hate all of the bosses I've fought so far, they all behave in the exact same way. Spawn in, summon some ads, charge at you (give or take) and do a large attack. I would've love some variety in this aspect because as it stands you've basically encountered all bosses after your very first boss fight.- You don't get experience after defeating enemies it drops to the floor which does disappear after a while.Irritations- Why do the items left on the floor vanish, I mean I feel like this shouldn't even be a thing any more. Player's computers are extremely powerful these days to accommodate the excess memory usage required for the items. For me, items should only disappear of the player's pc does not have enough memory to allow for extra optimisation.- Weaponry feels a bit samey or too similar to present day military weapons. For instance the base wand is an automatic weapon, you get a grenade with distance notches. How about some charge weapons where the longer you charge it the more powerful it becomes. Or how about some cursed weapons which have a negative connotation for the player but is generally stronger in all aspects.- The perks feel a bit lacklustre it's either that or I haven't unlocked a ton of them.VerdictWhile the gameplay for the most part is fun, it's marred by some odd design choices which detract from the fun at times. I feel like this game just isn't for me or that I just don't have the patience to soldier through the repetition as I was simply performing the exact same things I did in my previous runs being enter room, fight enemy, pick boring perk, circle strafe boss. Also, I found myself saying these lines ""Why can't I attack"", ""What's hitting me"" and ""Well that room was annoying"" way too often while playing. And while I've only played a meager 3Hrs as of this review I don't feel like I'll miss out by not continuing. So while I do like what I've played so far I cannot recommend it."
76561198025058377,Not Recommended,308420,15667767,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,gauchi,"The potential for frustation is enormous. You played through x levels, then you die. You start again from the beginning. Some people might like this, I don't.Furthermore, at first, I thought that this game is incredibly hard, until i wound down the graphics settings. I cannot see the actual frame rate, but the fire rate went up significantly. Adding to that, the graphics are good, but not outstanding, so I would actually assume that my computer should easily be able to handle it.Compared to the gameplay trailer, I still have to achieve the rate of fire that is shown there."
,Not Recommended,308420,30112714,Posted: 22 February,all,Liati22,Very repetitive.  I don't feel like there's any replay value.  Rooms all look the same.  Difficulty level and permadeath only serve to highlight the lack of variety.
,Not Recommended,308420,15196640,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,The Jumpoff,"If you want an FPS bullet hell, go buy Tower of Guns.  It plays much better, is less frustrating, and is overall a tigher and better experience for those looking for a callback to Doom and Quake and the other fast-paced twitch shooters of yesteryear.My main problems with the game are the bullet-sponge enemies that will drain the entirety of your ammo for a weapon just to clear a single room (ESPECIALLY the obelisks, which you have to kill unless you want to fight enemies forever, which take way too much ♥♥♥♥ing damage to takedown), and the...wrong-feeling explosion radius's on enemies and projectiles.  They feel too large for how slow your character moves (do not get me wrong, you move quickly in this game, but not quickly enough).It can be fun but I just found myself saying the entire time ""I could just be playing Tower of Guns and actually having fun""."
,Not Recommended,308420,15307046,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,portnoyd,Shallow combat with shallower rogue-like mechanics.
76561198128466702,Recommended,308420,14152736,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Retrograde Sinopessen,a very good game and worth the full price if your are in this genre
,Not Recommended,308420,14173582,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,hoohex,"meh, you shoot things continuously."
,Recommended,308420,30453870,Posted: 11 March,all,Macuck3312,Fantasic game with a lot of depth to it.
76561197960458147,Recommended,308420,18130844,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Jackal,"an addicting pick up and play game, very fun !"
76561198126437443,Not Recommended,308420,23971744,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dixiedevi1,"1. Go in a room.2. Minions spawn.3. Kill them4. Level up.5. (See 1-3)6. Find ""Boss Key""7. Repeat 1-38. Level up9. Fight Boss10. Repeat 1-10 until you die.Death restarts the game and all weapons are pretty much the same.Thats it.Sorry for the spoilers"
,Not Recommended,308420,13579226,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,XTwo,"Gameplay is simply this: Enter room, doors close behind you, kill all monsters to proceed to next room, repeat.It's marred by the following annoyances :- can't move while looking at map- can't strafe while running- have to collect drops after monsters dead (tedious)- all weapons feel laggy (shots don't feel instant, feels like have to hold button to shoot) and shoot slow firing, slow moving projectiles (would be better with Doom style guns)- don't know when some weapons are ready to fire again due to lack of reload animation."
,Not Recommended,308420,14080089,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Diplomata do Caos,"Quick information:Type: Roguelike-OldFPS hybridRoguelike gameplay Score: 3 of 10OldFPS score: 3 of 10Grapics score: 7 of 10Music and sound score: 4 of 10Integrity score: 2 of 10Exploration and ambient score: 4 of 10Story: Not relevant (and not good to recieve a bonus)Replay value: low~medium (What is really bad for a rogue-like)Coment: Good first impression, but pieces don't seen to fit well in the long runDifficulty: LowPC Consumption: Somewhat high (heavy lighting), but configurable to low level pcs.recommended for:People looking for a light action rogue-like.not recommended for:People looking for OldFPS like DooM or HereticWorth buying? : Only in sale, recommended to go to alternatives.Alternatives: Binding of Isaac, Tower of Guns, DooM II with custom level packs or ObligeFull review:I'm a complete fan of the old school of shooters and hard games.If you saw the first trailer,like me, you must have put a really high expectations, but if you are reading this, you are a little more prudent than the guy here. XDSo let's begin:The game have a really good start, it puts a good variety of enemies and trap rooms in the first rooms, and keep adding some more for each floor,it has secret rooms, it unlocks new stuff based on how far you went and it locks the hard and endless modes to keep you curious until you beat your first run. (that took me 2 tries, around 3 hours)After then, you begin to feel the bad side of the game... you notice that the building only have one plane per floor, some rooms have highs and lows, but all exit in the same height, the whole building have a exagerrated height and makes you feel like dwarf. The rooms start to repeat thenselfs a lot and are little decoration to make the things look different, they don't mix too, as you will never see a monsters with traps.The monsters that fill the rooms doesn't offer danger, your resistence is really high and only some of then can hit you for more of 10% if you don't sit like a duck, so you won't really feel the hits. Even bosses don't put enough firepower, as all then dilute to call minions to make the damage for then, making battles more a cannon fodder avoid and burst damage than a intense fight.Fighting doesn't bring emotion as you advance because you doesn't fight something harder, but because the rooms become overcrowded with enemies and shoots that you don't have distance and space to avoid, you will soon forget the damage you are taking just to kill the next enemy quickly, and taking such damage soon becomes a soulless habit.The weapory is really big, but a lot redundant, the adition of secondary fire to all then shows potential, but the developer tried too hard to balance the two modes that only some of the alternative fires seen to offer some situational advantage. The perk and character variety is wide too, but all then only have passive abilities changes and won't make you play much different, only use a little more X than Y.The sum of the parts makes a solid a game, but a very bland one, the runs doesn't have much difference between they ,even the secret passage crack is the sameweapons and perks doesn't make you act different to the different types of enemies. The game have variety, but the pieces doesn't interact with each other. If you want something for a casual play, go for it, if you are a veteran, avoid.Any questions? You can ask at the comments! :)P.S.:The music you listen in the trailer plays in the last fight, most other music is not that good.Trivia: Your first run have a high chance of success because there's a lot of healing perks concentrated, later runs will have more perks, but will be less healing."
,Not Recommended,308420,15117293,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,"I totally missed that this was first person. I'm really not good with first person point of view, especially when I'm being attacked by monsters. The game just throws you into the dungeons without much tutorial, so for me that was frustrating. I didn't realize (again probably missed reading it) that this randomly generates the dungeons, and I'm not a huge fan of that gameplay. So if you don't like that either, don't make the same mistake I did."
76561198408671944,Not Recommended,308420,34950713,Posted: 14 September,all,DevlinBlack666,"Ziggurat is basically Harry Potter Goes to Hell meets Serious Sam. I wanted to like it.  The procedural generation sounds awesome in theory, in practice it falls flat. You’ll die a lot. No explanation will be given.  Weapons are random. You will die a lot.  Enemies are random. You will die. A lot. Enemies are random. You will die a lot.I felt like I wasn’t having fun. I wasn’t learning what I was doing wrong.  These are not the reasons I game. These are the reasons I refunded it.  Procedural generation is apparently the new Coke. Seems like every 2nd game nowadays is a procedurally generated maze-runner or rogue-lite, and for a similar price point you’re better off shopping elsewhere.Hand of Fate, Tower of Guns, Sunless Sea and even SuperHot. These are procedural generation done right, with an adequate learning curve and a reward system that actually makes sense.  I would recommend it, just not at full price and only if you like being repeatedly kicked in the head with steel-capped boots, because that’s what this feels like.For what this tidy package is offering, you’re honestly better off buying either of the first two Serious Sam games or Lego Harry Potter. It’s not a compulsion I feel, just don’t say I didn’t F’n warn you.  I feel a profound dead spot in my soul where the nostalgia button should be.  I just don’t have it.  A game this bad in this day and age is almost inexcusable.For the price of this abortion  you could probably pick up at least 4 retro shooter titles like Doom, Quake, Duke Nukem and Painkiler which would easily be better value for money all things considered.  Painkiller Black for example is not only a superior game, it’s probably 1/3rd less of the price of Ziggurat and 2/3rds less annoying.For $15 I honestly expected better. If you can pick it up for 75% off, try it and if you don’t like it get a refund.  I did.  Ended up picking up Riptide GP2 for $2.09 and Street Racing Syndicate for 99 cents and to me that was money well spent considering Ziggurat only cost me $4.50 and even at that price I still refunded it.  Why? Because it wasn’tmagical. Or fun.I gave it about 10-16 runs before I realized just how futile and pointless Ziggurat was.  The difficulty curve is Dali levels of absurd and Escher levels of mind-bendingly stupid.  The only thing the game is good at is making your patience disappear.  The greatest illusion the game can cast is its value proposition.  It doesn’t exist.If I was even halfway tempted to pay full price for a $15 game I’d be leaning more towards Plague Inc Evolved.  If I were savvy and inwardly masochistic I could probably pick up the FNAF collection for under $15 on sale.  By all means, if you’re a twitchy gamer who can see in the dark, have at it. Ziggurat is not my magic bag of tricks nor my idea of a good time.Level design is uninspired. Enemies are repetitive and very overpowered. The minute they see you you’re mother-flipping dead. No matter how hard you strafe, run backwards, strafe and continue to run backwards… you gonna die.  Die, collect new random weapon, die, collect new random weapon. Proceed to die. In the death labyrinth. Constantly.How anyone finds this kind of knifing through the eye socket any kind of fun, I will never understand.If getting value for money means I’m cheap and picky then so be it.  A mediocre game is a mediocre game even if it is on sale at 75% off.  It’s just another rogue-lite jumping on the procedural-generation gravy train and it shows. Sadly."
76561198082134799,Not Recommended,308420,16440777,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Baguette,Fps intensive
76561198064007343,Not Recommended,308420,27885807,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,YungRich Poverty,Turn rate is trash and cant be changed. Sprint function ranges from annoying to barely functional. Enemies have are just stupid and arent even fun to battle and so much pop in youll be getting hit by an a bullet from something you cant see. Asked for my money back after 45 mins. very disappointed.
,Not Recommended,308420,13575768,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Lord Avarice,"*Not* Hexen. I wasn't familiar with ""rogue-like"" I guess the plus is this game taught me to avoid anything with that description. Game feels half finished to me. I agree with the danny_maland review saying that everything is ""luck based"" - like really bad MMO cash shop RNG style..."
76561198079290254,Not Recommended,308420,17523765,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,PsychoBoomz,that game look so good at the videos and so fun and whan i buy and play that i die al time and its on easy there is not campain thats realy sucks thats the levels reset all the time 0.. so is realy dissapoint me
76561197993155965,Not Recommended,308420,13681337,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Very_Frightened,"my message is actually for the developers:  very good graphics, awesome game-mechanics, love the weapons, the items, the atmosphere ... BUT the actual game-play is rubbish!please change it to give the user a sense of accomplishment;it becomes boring very quickly, and it doesn't even qualify as a casual game either, the graphics are just too good as are the weapon/spell effects;why not change the game to be more doom-like? just a shooter with fancy weapons exploring the environments and pick up useful items, disposing of hordes of monsters ... also love the auto-map ...remember, the most successful FPS games, be it shooters or rpgs, are OPEN world!it should not be too much work to use your existing assets and a change of your map/world creation to make a game worth playing!as it is, it's just not worth my time - that's why i've un-installed it!!"
,Not Recommended,308420,13584222,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Scriplin,"I really want to like Ziggurat, but I can't. This is hardly a RPG, and it should be stated that this is a permadeath ""RPG"" FPS.I can see the replay value for someone who's favorite game type is FPS. I bought this game looking for a RPG, and it fails miserably in that regard.The maps are ""randomized"", but they're not randomly generated as far as I can tell. There are a few map layouts to choose from it seems, so that you don't get the same thing every time, however, even on the first level I started to notice repeats within about 30 minutes of playtime.No inventory at all, just ""perks"" to choose from when you level up, and when I say choose, it's a choice between two random cards, so you might not get anything you want at all. Essentially what I'm getting at is, you're not building a character, you're choosing random buffs as you level, which is bleh from an RPG standpoint.Basically you clear one room at a time, and if you die, well, you're dead. Then you get to start the game all the way over at the beginning with nothing. Sure, you can unlock other characters, so that stays with you, but once you unlock them all, no progression from an account standpoint.So yeah, you start out with only one character class choice, quickly unlock the second and the others come later.If you want to play a modern Hexen, this is for you."
76561198008804461,Recommended,308420,12637283,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,l0d1z,painkiller with magic mixed with rougelite = SOLD!
,Recommended,308420,23741462,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Peasant,"Dungeon Crawlining is not my kind of thing, but this game seems to be fun.Things are bright and beautiful, controls reponds perfectly, game is runs nice and smooth.If DC games like Binding of Isaac is your thing, try this one."
76561198022897265,Recommended,308420,31363603,Posted: 25 April,all,Mesjaf,Very fun rogue-like shooter.Check out my gameplayhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5DCKlgSnb8&feature=youtu.be
76561198085218793,Not Recommended,308420,14429917,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ling.noi エッチ,"Not fun at all. Bought it because of postive reviews and was disappointed;Usually games have some progression system or story to motivate player to play. Here you run, shoot, find different magic (weapon) and repeat.The only motivation here is difficulty. So that you can show off that you are cool, that you wasted 50 hours and was able to finish the game while many others could not or did not want to. And the problem of the difficulty in this game is that it only requires coordination, reaction and knowledge of mobs and weapons. Not interesting at all to learn mobs and weapons to get what? Nothing.If it had some interesting progression, story or required at least some use of brain - maybe I would like the game."
76561197992198586,Not Recommended,308420,13110833,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Remmold,"A game that reminds me of ""Rogue legacy"" as far as progression goes.after less than 1 hour of gametime i had the game beaten  on easy difficulty and thats alright but i didn't feel like attempting to beat the game on higher difficulties because it didnt feel alive enough to me.the easy difficulty is on par with normal difficulty in most games nowadays so that made me glad ;)However the game is what it is advertised to be so if you are looking for a dungeoncrawler singleplayer game this may be a good fit for you,myself i was hoping for classes and droppable gear etc but we cant have everything!i will not reccomend this game but if you have the cash laying about for whatever reson it was around 30 minutes of fun :)"
,Not Recommended,308420,31809065,Posted: 17 May,all,SEND EM 2 THA ESSENCE,lmao beat the game in under 45 minutes where my refund at
,Recommended,308420,34793268,Posted: 7 September,all,Guardian_Angel,2 hours of game content. You can complete the game and then refund it. Which is... okay?
76561198045395202,Not Recommended,308420,13615194,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,The Trump Train,"Not worth 14,99€. Very, very disappointed in this game."
76561198228963564,Not Recommended,308420,27571883,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Molecule,"This game has great graphics, cool maps, and creative enemies.  Why is this a bad review? Because it ishard.Most traps are unavoidable.The enimies are overpowered (except for the evil carrots; they're pretty easy).The bosses are even worse (there are no exceptions to this).If you die, the game restarts (except for unlocked characters).Health is a rarity.Half of the time, there's something that makes the game even harder: enimies are invisible, enimies respawn twice, etc.If you offer mana or health for a blessing, you usually get a punishment instead.You have a limited amount of mana (your first weapon recharges and enimies drop mana, though).The game isn't free (I'm sure you know that already, but they should give YOU money to clog up your computer with this game.No, I am not a ""noob""."
76561198074576589,Not Recommended,308420,16295722,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Thats a lot of eye contact,meh
,Not Recommended,308420,13575830,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Cryogenic Sleep,REALLY grindy and boring
76561198076428547,Not Recommended,308420,13122711,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Shadow Fox,"Very frustrating game.  When you level up you are given a choice of two 'bonuses' to choose from, but some of the bonuses come with penalties.  You may get double health from potions, but have half the health.  Since the abilities they give you are random, you might end up with two traits you don't like.  There is no inventory just four weapons you can equip.  Sometimes a room may have 14 enemies you must dodge at once all while shaking a magic wand that feels like you are shooting ping-ping balls.  There are many better Rogue games out there, this one feels bland and uninspired."
76561198037555415,Not Recommended,308420,14106294,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,overlycd,The game play is terrible. I actually regret paying 7.49 for it. Not worth it at all.
76561198068131569,Not Recommended,308420,25172045,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Flesh Canoe (not sex related),"The art is uninspired and boring.The gameplay is extremely repetitive.The game only feigns variety with minimal changes between weapons.Like the art, the mechanics are completely uninspired and uninteresting.I haven't enjoyed this game so far."
76561198016403654,Not Recommended,308420,31351111,Posted: 24 April,all,Sorcery,"The concept is nice, I always loved that kind of sorcerer theme and how you can cast♥♥♥♥♥♥at people and everything. But honestly game don't really make it fun. It's super repetitive and cold. It actually really looks like the game Daggers. Its interesting but doesnt worth it really IMHO."
76561197977069906,Not Recommended,308420,15755549,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BonsaiKitten,"Like Hexen, which I hated.  Give me a double-barreled shotgun, not these wands and crap thx."
76561197995186207,Not Recommended,308420,29995190,Posted: 17 February,all,FaintKarma,"Loved Hexen. Don't love Ziggurat. First off, the controls (mouse) are a bit wonky, its got a woble to it. Both verticle and horizontal. There is no snap aim, so you have to be precise. Yet the devs chooses to throw waves of mobs at you, fire glowing spells, all while being in an enclosed room. It be like duck hunting while standing on a dingy.And agian, the mobs fly, walk and run, so you have to fire in a 3d space while wobbling while getting hit.Second thing I don't like is the permadeath. Yeah, I know it's a rouglike thing, so you just keep starting over and over. But the combat is brutally difficult at normal, and your ability to survive depends entirely on luck rooms with lucky drops. Not fun. Mostly rouglikes I've played at least let you accumulate SOMETHING. The only thing you get it the ability to unlock a new character if you can kill 2k mobs. Just not fun."
76561197970345849,Not Recommended,308420,13747122,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Thundergun,"Game is broken. Menu cycles endlessly, can't even get into a game to start it. Complete waste of money. I would recommend avoiding at all cost."
,Not Recommended,308420,13099763,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Crun,"Didn't even get the chance to play it. Some weird aim locking bug keeps occuring on my Linux box. The game would relock my aim to the starting location on the screen after moving it. Otherwise, game seemed to work."
76561198160404996,Recommended,308420,17194711,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,The Real Donald J. Trump,A game where you take a fully automatic chainsaw launcher built by aliens and kill chinchillas to keep one of them from eating the universe.  If you are killing chinchillas at too slow of a pace Hitler will come and steal all of your nutella.  Hitler will then proceed to go play bloodborne and brag on the steam forums about how PC gamers will never get to bloodborne.  Also there is a waffle power up that turns you into a pebble with laser eyes.  But you're also extremely weak in this pebble form so you have to use all of your best weapons to trick shot all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ spiders before they steal all of your clothes.I rate 8/10
76561198006916836,Not Recommended,308420,11876830,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Trul,"Too repetitive. I know that 'rogue-like' games are supposed to be like that, but to make that work the variety of enemies and spells/perks should be greater. I enjoy nethack more than this.Also, the game is too hard for me. The enemies drop the wrong mana and almost never any health. Tiny rooms with jumping birds just eat away at my health and there is no was to replenish it. Pure luck game for the mediocre skilled - and I am usually at least mediocre in FPS games. An improvement would more perks to choose from, but I suppose health over time would be most people's pick - so, maybe make that a standard perk. Which would probably annoy the 'hardcore' players.Or introduce difficulty levels. Or some way of advancement. If the unlockable characters have more survivability then they are too hard to unlock. Can't see the fun in grinding for them.I don't know - it's just frustrating to play this game and I regret to have bought it."
,Not Recommended,308420,14125209,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Spook Rooster,Looks like the devs forgot to make this fun.
,Not Recommended,308420,12626504,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,DrunkenTowel,"good fun but way too short and easy, only 5 floors! completed it on my first run on normal, very disappointing. rogue-lites are supposed to be hard and require you to gain experience through dying. none of this applies here.the lack of content doesn't only apply to the amount of levels, but other aspects as well. after a few hours, you will have seen all enemies, weapons and other varieties (like perks and bosses) this game has to offer. i feel no desire to continue playing after only 3,6 hours.while the mechanics themselves are fine, it is not good value."
76561198037197299,Not Recommended,308420,11770377,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Orb87Bro,"Note: Current review can vary from the final reviewPlayed on Windows 7 Ultimate 64 bit OS.This game is one of the games that i wished it had a neutral rating on Steam Review cause the game is not bad it is just a game that does not have the ``wow`` effect for the current state due the devs plans for this game.I`m aware of the game being on Early Access and have to deal with the game being incomplete thats for sure. So what is this game about ?Ziggurat is a dungeon crawler rogue lite FPS game that you have never seen in this form. Ziggurats are temples built in ancient times having the form of a terraced step pyramid and yet it was a mystery on which purposes they built them. Thats probably the devs used the ziggurat as the dungeon, purposely to fill the gap, which is interesting. Currently the game offers 5 floors (rooms connected with corridors) and more than 5 weapons, tons of perks (unlockable the more you play), different type of characters with different powers (one of the characters have increased firerate for weapons for ex.), ground/flying enemies (monster carrots, flying viking skulls for ex.), traps that are placed outside of battle rooms. Now until here it sounds good and interesting but there are things that i dont like at the moment and looking sceptical for the games some progress but i hope i will be wrong with my worries:- Devs are open for suggestions but focusing to keep the game ``small`` with tweaking the current problems limiting the games potential in my opinion, they tend to respond to topics and suggestions that are ``worth`` for the price which is understandable but still counter productive for the final version of the game cause many suggestions cant be make true but i can await a compromise here since i have bought the game.- Floor 1 and 2 are very easy to complete even without perks there is some balancing issues here.- Lagging on massive enemy hordes.- Game uses the Unity engine that is not ideal for FPS games, also limiting the games freedom in my opinion.- Making the game rogue lite instead rogue like makes the game boring at times when you are not in combat. Rogue like would ve bring more variety in the average level structure and some surprising moments.All in one this game is promising many things in the ``unused`` dungeon crawler FPS section in video games, sub genres are really difficult to make games that everyone would like but this game has the basics to make a unique game. If the devs will be more open for suggestions and making things that they promised this game will be alot of fun. This game is away from wasting your money in the current state but i will not recommend this game for now. If you are interested in this game but are unsure to buy or not, check the forums frequently what have changed for the game."
,Not Recommended,308420,26103819,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Snaith,Well put together but couldnt ever get invested.
,Not Recommended,308420,12025753,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Soddom79,"It's early access but I'd not recommend it. For 10+ bucks you can get much better and complete games. Worth at most 99 cents, which is the usual price for an app these days. There is not much content in this game to keep it entertaining.Die over and over again to slowly activate new characters (with slightly different weapon and skill setup) for minimal variance.It is a pure FPS, but any other FPS I can imagine is waaaay better.The game consist of aim & shoot. Straining and repetive.Occasionally switch weapon and die, eventually. The whole ""level-up"" system seems kind of simplistic, unimaginative andsuperimposed. The different ""classes"" feel unbalanced. Just the second class that gets playable upon a fewmonster kills&deaths, feels like 5 times more powerful. Ouch.Pro:- simple FPS gameplay, easy to get into- colourful, minimalist but fast visuals- randomized levels & loot- kind of difficult, perma-death- Some variety of monsters with different behaviour- ""developer rooms"" showing other (failed) games of the same designers..Cons:- very grindy, new upgrades & items are only activated upon death- lacking room design (square and flat) sometimes little room to dodge enemies- lacking cover system, homing 'missiles' or clouds tend to hit you anyway- level ups are weak and meaningless, as you often get to choose from 2 ""cards"" which in most cases you can also get as loot- very limited combat tactics, as each room is concealed once you enter it (small rooms with lot of aoe monsters tend to be rather unfair)- stupid jump-on-that-platform rooms (trap rooms)"
76561198072826923,Not Recommended,308420,29054216,Posted: 5 January,all,KOS-MOS,Player: Balance?Ziggurat: Balance!? What is it? Some kind of elvish Magic?
,Recommended,308420,12647817,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Anime Avatars Get Blocked,Pretty good.
,Not Recommended,308420,28778994,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Charlie teh Unicron,"It's not bad. It's just boring. Gameplay is quite straitforward: you jump around, avoiding enemy fire, and try to kill the baddies before they get to you. But shooting does not feel like fun, it does not feel like anything, actually. Design... Well, design is not there: everything just screams 'DULL'. You can't really see gray projectiles gray enemies fire at you on gray background. Lack of content does not really help this game either.For a rogue-like, 'Ziggurat' lacks content. For an FPS, 'Ziggurat' lacks good shooting mechanic. For a fun game, 'ZIggurat' lacks fun.Should you buy? On a dicount - yes, why not. You can always get a refund and instead buy 'Paranautical Activity' - a much better example of an FPS rogue-like."
76561198030859919,Not Recommended,308420,22714932,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,bdot,"Even on easy mode, this game is terribly unbalanced. At least with easy mode, you will occassionally get health potions that you will never get in normal mode but the bosses are about 100 levels above your current level.Leveling up is a major disappointment. Instead of getting someting cool or useful, you are almost always given some ""enhancement"" that serves no purpose.On top of that, there are some rooms where you can't move or shoot. You just have to stand there and wait until the mosters kill you so you can start over.Jumping is a nightmare. It's nearly impossible to jump from one thing to another. If you end up in a room where you need to jump, then you might as well die and start over.If you enjoy dying, then this game is for you."
76561198014229134,Not Recommended,308420,13110329,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Dorok,"After few hours of play I edit and update this review.Very simply, when the game crash you lost all your current progression. That is very very bad.And it crash rather often, but eventually on Mac.And you can't protect against it because the game doesn't allow backup your save and setup some weird defensive system.As a side effect Steam Cloud is FAKE and won't restore your current progression on another computer.The game could have some good gameplay elements, but that two awful points are enough to make it worth a thumb down."
76561198193592522,Not Recommended,308420,22788513,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,jamisoncap,I could not start  the game at all help
76561198147257731,Not Recommended,308420,34199720,Posted: 12 August,all,emanuel,This game is okay and I've played it a little bit.
76561198077986914,Not Recommended,308420,12895056,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,cervantes01,After reading such great reviews I thought this must be the best game ever.   I must not grasp the concept.. you start out @ lvl 1 w nothing.. you clear a few rooms and die.  You start out again lvl 1 w nothing even after picking up items or lvling up.  Do this a ton of times and you unlock a char which is exactly like the first..  I don't see the point.. w/o progression as the 'rpg' tag implies it's just monotonous and boring.
,Not Recommended,308420,28500707,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"Good idea, horrible execution.Step one when you make a first person shooter is to make the first person shooting part of it good.You blew it."
76561197995186478,Not Recommended,308420,30778600,Posted: 27 March,all,Monkeyfoot,"Don't waste your money.The game play was annoying: Hitting small flying enemies, having to click over and over, getting ammo for spells you don’t have and not the ammo you actually need, not doing enough damage etc."
,Not Recommended,308420,12616521,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,E_128,"Too easy, finished it on my 5th try...."
,Not Recommended,308420,12689858,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Thumplex Bumpitron,This game is completely ♥♥♥♥tarded. Spend your money anywhere else.
,Not Recommended,308420,12626591,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Trolling is a art,Boring
,Not Recommended,308420,12449269,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ルイス,Tedious
,Not Recommended,308420,12633980,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Cartof,No zoom mapping on mouse side button? BAD GAME !
,Not Recommended,308420,31269986,Posted: 20 April,all,Bape Simpreme,So me and markus jaiuhannnan had a gatho at my house and ripped rompers at my crib. then i nutted all over my coffee table
76561197971951033,Recommended,308420,19120154,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Papersoul,"Cool rougelike shooter. Fun, though somewhat repetitive."
76561197972359957,Recommended,308420,19207589,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Direfox,Its like Binding of Isaac + Hexen.  Bunch of unlockable stuff and very replayable.  I'm enjoying it very much. :3
,Recommended,308420,18873660,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,TeeMan,"THE game I keep coming back to when it comes to rogue-like FPSs. Lots of fun, not too much thinking, a good game to play after work"
,Recommended,308420,18916063,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,boombadabum,"It's fast paced, new every time you play. You can win through different ways, it has such a great variety. Nice game."
76561198042938120,Recommended,308420,18901331,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,keltin13,"Easy to get into, hard to get out of."
,Recommended,308420,19075011,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Oregono,"BEATEN ON EASY MODE (But ill take it) - 7 HoursZIggurat is a fun homage to Hexen or Heretic. A furiously fast randomly generated (FPS) dungeon crawl of 5 floors.   Tons of weapons, enemies, room types, and unlockables - including different characters with their particular stengths and weaknesses. (Starting stats and weapons). The game also features a fun leveling up system whereby you choose one of a select number of perks upons leveling up.If there are any cons, it is the obvious ""problem"" of randomly getting a good or terrible run.  But i never had a bad time with the game. It is a fun and challanging ""shooter"" with great art direction and fun gameply.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,308420,19226374,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,-[Badger]-,"This game is fun for a bit. It's a rogue rpg, meaning that the levels are randomly generated and you start over when ever you die. unfortunetly it is only like 5 worlds long on normal. if managed properly you  can over level your character and breeze through the game. There are many different unlockable characters, perks and weapons to help the longevity of the game. It plays like quake and is styled like hexen being a fan of both of those I enjoyed  my time with it.7/10"
76561198037916461,Recommended,308420,17767129,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Bobot,"A fun shooter-RPG for a casual experience.Pros:- Fast paced and action packed RPG shooter.- The randomness element is quite refreshing.- A nice variaty of weapons and skills.- Great for a casual gaming experience.- Oh and you get to shoot crazy carrots!Cons:- The game lacks depth. All levels are generated from the same random-element-pool, so you kind of see all there is to see after a few hours of gameplay.- Hard as ♥♥♥♥. I never made it through Normal, and my success rate in Easy is about 30%.- The random element has a too big influence on your success. If you get good skills/weapons at the beginning, you're on. But if you get cursed or bad weapons, it can ruin everything."
,Recommended,308420,16988220,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,CannibalSmiles,Just Outstanding!!!!
,Recommended,308420,16988778,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Rook,"A fun game not to be taken seriously, a lot of the core enemy mechanics aren't very polished. Ocasional undodgable attacks, and some terrible spawns can lead to frustration, but movement and shooting feel good. Not a lot of enemy variety."
,Recommended,308420,17054134,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,I Lost My Bagel,"The first-person view in this game is much better than I expected when I first saw it. It's hard to see the enemies at times because of how many there are and the lack of view, but that adds to the fun. you have to make sure you know where your enemies are at all times.This game looks so stereotypically fantasy that it almost hurts. Your default weapon is a classic magic wand. In addition to the wand, there are spells (i.e. fire and ice balls), staves (i.e. the Serpernt and Scarab Beetle staves), and alchemy (i.e. grenades and guns). The enemies are also what you would expect. Demons, banshees, etc.Overall, this game is very well made and should be picked up by anyone who loves rogue-lites/likes and/or the fantasy genre.8.5/10"
,Recommended,308420,17022022,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Sir Pencil,A pretty intense rogue-like dungeon romp with a lot of replayability.
,Recommended,308420,17267469,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,dicky seamus,Only played this a little bit so far. I can say I like it already. Here's my initial impression:Imagine Binding of IsaacTake away all the poop monsters and bloodAdd brightly colored lights and effectsMake it 3D with a first person cameraIt's a good recipe.
,Recommended,308420,17271774,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Kelpy G,A nice Quake-like shooter. You'll find youself speeding through maze-like levels and getting owned by luck (because you have none).
76561198085686494,Recommended,308420,17248385,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Jaden129,"charming first person rougelike a decent amount of classes they very a decent amount. A cool leveling system though, could be a little better in my opinion over all a solid game"
,Recommended,308420,17288508,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,sage,not 2ez not 2hard perfect roguelike nice weapons pew pew
,Recommended,308420,17224634,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mopzilla,"Very good fun game however not a lot of weapons, well not as much as I expected... They may have added more but when I played there just wasnt enough weapons!"
76561198107225874,Recommended,308420,17372377,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Sgt Nikolai,A little short but not without reason. It does enough to keep you playing even after you've successfully beaten the Ziggurat with the multitude of things you can unlock from weapons and upgrades to characters with their own interesting advantages and setbacks. Highly recommended for fans of Rogue like games and speed running.
,Recommended,308420,17373330,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Pedango,"Fast paced, old fashion dungeon crawler with a multitude of new variants."
76561198169229253,Recommended,308420,17832602,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ferretto,"""Greetings, mortal! Are you ready to die?""If you know this replica, you surely have to get this one!"
76561197968511845,Recommended,308420,17712703,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,2LambBuna,"best of the 3d rogue lites imo.  You've got the theme of heretic, the pace, humour and controls of serious sam, the level layout of binding of isaac and a strong replay factor akin to nuclear throne.they recently improved it too with new bosses, classes, room layouts, perks & weapons and especially good they raised the camera angle so its more like a traditional shooter.  If you were put off by the low camera angle before, give the game another try it's much better now with less feeling of dizzyness.I like how you can blast through in a single session, but keep coming back because of the variety in classes and the randomness of the playthroughs.  controls are tight, graphics are good for an indie title, though obviously not up there with AAA games, but then they don't have the same replay value.It's also a pretty accessible rogue-lite. most players should be able to complete it on easy, especially someone who's played old school style fast FPS games."
,Not Recommended,308420,16339158,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ham,"UPDATE: While this game can be fun, it's about a statistical 65% fun, 25% rage, 10% Random Number Generator impossible to beat. Yeah, while I am enjoying it, alot of the game is purely random, and there are things designed to be so strong that in combination with other setups makes certain combinations entirely unbeatable. In response to most bug reports or queries in making the enemies targeting AI a little less sniper accurate, the Developer merely preaches strategies he uses like they work 100% of the time, essentially he's like those players in games like CoD who say ""git gud"" and other uncalled for remarks like that. I'll keep my positive review here for record but my stance has changed.I only played like 30 minutes and I already love it. There's a story to the whole thing but it seems somewhat arbitrary, essentially it's a more Modernized Rougelike that feels inspired by games like Hexen. The rooms are randomly generated and there's a sizeable arsenal of magical weapons you can learn and use to your advantage. It does ask you play it over and over again, even if you beat the story mode, as there's 100s of items and a handful of characters to unlock. Well worth its launch price and certainly worth it if its on sale."
,Recommended,308420,17536473,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineZiggurat is a very challenging first person rogue-lite game. The graphics are very nice and the dark theme is done very well. Each dungeon is randomly generated and you will never run into the same dungeon more than once, this is not a very easy game and is actually a really difficult game, so it might put some newcomers on, even on the easiest of difficulties. But the game has so much to offer from more additional characters as well as additional challenges!Ziggurat is probably one of the best rogue-lite games that I have played so far and can be recommend to anyone who is looking for a dungeon crawling rogue-lite challenge.RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
76561198012706394,Recommended,308420,17550265,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,arcticdawn,"This is a very refreshing game - a rogue-like, fps experience which hearkens back to Doom's run & gun game-play. My only concern is that the game isn't very long. There is an endless mode whcih can be unlocked after finishing normal, and there may be other things to unlock, but I would like to see number of levels as an option (would I like a 25 level dungeon? Heck yes!).Granted, this may be a hidden gameplay mode I'm not aware of, but I have to say - this is my only criticism. It's got difficulty, it's got twitch combat in a fantasy setting - I'll thumbs up this guy."
,Recommended,308420,17209409,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Wabbajaki (´･ω･`),a.k.a.: Serious-Sam-Magicka-Rogue-Urat.
,Recommended,308420,17497907,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Rogue,Fun. Challenging. Replayable. RPG.Excellent.
76561198069834430,Recommended,308420,17574610,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,MassDestructo,"Harry Potter meets Doom in this very entertaining game with extremely high replay value and plenty of content as it stands.As I first started playing this, even the Normal difficulty proved too difficult for me (For you, it may be a different story). This was essentially my first roguelike game, and with this game I learned that playing for a while and unlocking more content will ensure you have an edge over those higher difficulties.Every run through is unique, and the chances are you will unlock at least something at the end of each game. There are many weapons, level perks, characters and achievements/goals to unlock them that will keep you coming back for more.It would seem recently they've even added a new 'Daily Challenge' feature, and quite a few more charracters (or 'Ziggurats') since I last played. Rock on, Devs.This game really is worth every penny you spend on it and is a gem to have in your Library - it certainly is in mine.10/10 From me."
76561198041079396,Recommended,308420,13697751,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Barrow Bro,I ran out of mana and got eaten alive by evil carrots11/10would carrot again
,Recommended,308420,13697869,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Tyrant,"This is a really fun game, it's fast paced and has great replay value. I played through the game about 5 times now, it also sucks when you die to the last boss and you simply just start over from scratch. The thing is, each game you play is unique since rooms, items, enemy's and events are random in every room and floor.I got the same on sale but I still would pay full price and support the devs!"
,Recommended,308420,13665146,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Luggy (spooks),im glad im not a veganor else i'dhatethis game
76561198080544721,Recommended,308420,13665400,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,vanzee66,"ONLY GET IF YOU CAN GET IT ON SALE!!This game is fun, but it's so repetitive, that the luster wears off quickly.  I think I played about a dozen times, had alot of fun, but the repetition finally made me not want to play any more.  Worth it if you can get it on sale, not at full price."
,Recommended,308420,13702511,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sam Hyde,"It's beautiful, it's fun, it's smooth, it's satisfying.I died my first run on the 5th floor from explosives right next to a health potion.10/10 must play"
,Recommended,308420,13703260,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Yetisunny,"If you're into games like the binding of isaac, and into fpses. Then this is the game for you, LOVE IT. It has loads of enemies, weapons, it looks great. It also runs great.Cant go wrong on this if you enjoy rogue-like games"
,Recommended,308420,13705435,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,HUSTL3 B0N3Z,"I only played this for about 20 minutes or so before I died on the first floor. Certianly a game for those who grew up playing Quake, DOOM, and the HeXen/Heretic series. 10/10 would buy for my friends."
,Recommended,308420,13705808,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,AntiZorn,"Ziggurat is a very enjoyable game if you appreciate a combination of rogue-lite mechanics with 90's FPS gameplay.  Runs through the game typically will be under an hour and there is a huge variety to the weapons and leveling perks which require the player to adapt their playstyle to the hand they are dealt.There is a class system that allows you to start with packages of prefered stats/perks/wand behavior which can significantly change how you approach the game's initial leveling curve.  Additional perks/classes are unlocked by playing, so the game will evolve as you make additional attempts.You will probably see most of the procedurally placed rooms and enemies by the fifth attempt, but there are still combinations that will catch me off-guard.I appreciate the adaptions of familiar weapons from the Heretic/Hexen series and nods to Quake and Doom in the room design.The developer seems to be actively updating and balancing the game."
,Recommended,308420,13729951,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Nigel Star,"Great little game. Combat is hard, but fair. Movement feels amazing, super tight and responsive. Overall I would always recommend this game to anyone looking for something to play around with."
,Recommended,308420,13730800,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,chris,"If you like Doom and Quake (which I do), this is a no-brainer. I'm not a big fan of games that randomly generate levels, but the concept works so well in this game - and keeps me wanting to come back for more. Technically, I ran into a few clipping issues (once in a while, a bad guy would be invisible, or I could see through solid objects) - but otherwise the game runs flawlessly.Also, there are vicious carrots."
76561197973051256,Recommended,308420,13709376,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DerTanni,"From all the Roguelites I played Ziggurat is by far the most convenient and fun 1st person shooter I played in a long time. The Unlock system of new classes and equipment is very motivating and it will easily eat away your free time.You will get the old feeling, ""Just one more floor! Just one more run!""It reminds me of Hexen mixed with  astetic 3D visuals. Can only recommend trying this game."
,Recommended,308420,13726766,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,StanleyPain,"Like many games with a Roguelike bent to them, Ziggurat is sort of a mix of good and bad.The good is that as a quick, fast paced throwback to shooters like Heretic and Hexen, Ziggurat succeeds in giving you a quicker experience in that vein without the overly complex level design and having to solve annoying crystal puzzles and such.  The randomization gives it that spark that makes it different everytime and not boring, of course,  But this brings us to..The bad.  Randomization is great in these types of games, but sadly it means your experience will be very unpredictable which I think is something of a flaw here.  It's entirely possible, even on easy difficulty, to just get totally screwed by a dungeon layout and the kinds of weapons you get (or DON'T get).  Your perks might be terrible.  You might encounter ridiculously overpowered enemies before you even get to the boss, and when you do unlock the boss, you may very well only have 10 health and no mana so it's basically game over.  Ziggurat could definitely use some tweaks to make it less random in the sense where you get hosed by the difficulty sometimes and then gifted with insanely great luck the next time."
,Recommended,308420,13727788,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Gut Cassidy,"This is what happens when you take the idea of a first person roguelite and do it correctly. Take note, Paranautical Activity and Heavy Bullets.Obelisk rooms however can suck a fat♥♥♥♥♥♥I tried gitting gud but it seems I am simply re-tarded. (Seriously Steam? You censor the word re tarded?)9/10"
,Recommended,308420,13715185,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ixtilion,"There are evil carrots that want your soul. Buy it.Also, great variety of weapons / perks / enemies / bosses, clean and beautiful graphics and the controls feel smooth.Great addition to the roguelite genre, feels like serious sam + binding of isaac."
76561198058602281,Recommended,308420,13562336,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Controversy,"Ziggurat is a very fun, fast paced dungeon crawler.  1st person view really makes it different, as most dungeon crawlers are not.  Very addictive.  I give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,308420,13565034,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Thorinori,"I am not usually a huge fan of rogue-like games or FPS games, but my god this game is fun! totally worth full price, but I got it for sale, wish I knew about this sooner!"
,Recommended,308420,13566753,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Monster Zero,"Fast paced old school FPS action. The movement is incredibly fluid, all of the weapons feel different and have that sense of impact that a lot of games in this genre are lacking. The addition of a random extra wepaon at the beginning of each new game is a godsend when it comes to rogue likes, keeping each new start fresh and fun making you want to keep coming back for more. The graphics are great too, slightly cartoony. In my opinion the game sort of looks a little like what I would imagine Torchlight would in FPS mode. If you happen to see this review before the flash sale is over, go buy this game. If you see this review after the sale is over, go buy this game."
,Recommended,308420,13568711,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Zeren|Sam,Great Game with great mechanics. Well worth a purchase especially for this holiday price.Video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eU3mBjpuyII
,Recommended,308420,13599417,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,MadMikeLove,"this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Plenty of clever rogue-lite-ey goodness and lots of fun weapons to use. Challenging, looks nice, runs well, fun, etc."
76561198093036189,Recommended,308420,13599684,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Smilin Skull,Like an instant  random generated 1st person Zelda. Dungeons reset randomly and you unlock stuff the further you get without dying.Very much enjoyed.
76561197991892883,Recommended,308420,16884665,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,whatmustido,"IntroductionZiggurat is a rogue-lite first-person shooter dungeon RPG. You play one of several unlockable mages that fight their way through the mysterious Ziggurat, challenging each of its five floors or failing and meeting your doom. Each time you play, a different dungeon is generated with different enemies, different challenges, and different layouts.GameplayYou have four basic types of weapons. One is your standard wand, which is weak but has infinitely refilling uses. One is your 'spell' slot, which is usually a very powerful weapon you use on one enemy. One is a 'staff' weapon, that's weaker but works on groups of enemies. The last is an 'alchemical' weapon that's slow, strong, and hits groups of enemies. There are several different types for each of the nonstandard weapons, and you find them throughout the dungeon, depending on your luck.Everything in this game is projectile based, aside from a few melee-oriented enemies. Most enemies will shoot spells at you from across the room and you need to dodge them or knock them out of the air with your own spells. In larger rooms where more enemies spawn, you can end up in situations where if you stop moving, you'll be wiped out in seconds. If you've heard the phrase bullet hell, that fits this game at times.Another phrase that would fit this game perfectly is twitch shooter. Enemies spawn into a room over time. The more you kill, the faster they spawn. It's entirely possible for an enemy to spawn right behind you. If you don't respond quickly enough, they'll start damaging you. There are also enemies that lunge toward you, giving you almost no response time.I wouldn't call this game easy. Each floor throws new enemies and challenges at you and you have to be able to react and learn quickly to stay alive. It's pretty tough at times, and sometimes the RNG just decides to throw you nothing but curve balls. But I had a lot of fun playing it, and so did everyone I recommended it to.I will say that after enough time, you will start to see rooms that repeat. Either trap rooms that you've already beaten several tries ago or, more commonly, rooms that are just straight copies from one other. That's a common with all procedurally generated rogue-lites I've found, and I don't think less of it for that. In this game's defense, enemy spawns are still random even in rooms you've seen and fought in before.StoryNot much to write home about here. Your character wants to join an elite order of mages, and the Ziggurat is the last challenge in the way. It claims the lives of hundreds of applicants, but more are always willing to charge headlong into it. You uncover scraps of lore as you play that give you more insight into how the Ziggurat works, but none of it really affects gameplay; it's all just for the lore.GraphicsIt has a very striking art design that makes it one of the prettier games I've played. When I showed it to a friend, he actually said it was beautiful. There are the occasional graphical glitches, like clipping through a small part of the wall, but that's usually hard to notice when you're jumping around the map, trying not to get it.With a single exception, all the enemies are designed to look differently. When they start spawning into a room, you'll quickly know what you're going to face and can begin planning and moving. From an enemy design standpoint, this game is golden.Once you clear a room, you have all the time in the world to look around. I would greatly encourage doing so, because the visuals in this game are amazing. From the walls to the floor to the open sky above you, everything about this game screams 'magic dungeon'. Some halls will be partially submerged in water, some will be covered in lava, some are full of winding staircases where enemies can attack you from all angles. If you decide to play the game, do yourself a favor and just look around after you're finished blasting everything.Play TimeA lot of my skills from other shooters pulled through on me with this game. I managed to beat it in around six hours, after making several different attempts and unlocking many extra characters. If you like games where you can spend hours unlocking things and getting better gear, this game is right up your alley. There's also a score system, that judges you based on how long you took, how many kills and levels you earned, and a few other things. With that, you can compete with everyone else that played the game.I currently only have about nine hours into the game, but I could easily see myself putting in twenty. Not too long, but for a cheap indie game, I'd say it's pretty good.Final RecommendationI bought it during a steam sale and I absolutely don't regret it. The current $15 price tag seems a mite bit too much for my wallet, but if it ever goes on sale, I'd snatch it up in a heartbeat."
76561198028174401,Recommended,308420,16895415,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,LahnaMan,A cool roguelike FPS-action RPG.
76561198039540563,Recommended,308420,16940426,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,jakecorcoran,"Super fun to play, frenetic action, addictive ""one more go"" random level & ability generation. PLUS, one of the most updated games I've ever seen - new features are added regularly. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,308420,17108790,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Wip3ou7,"I bought this game a while back and played it here and there. I got owned the first couple times I played until I finally got lucky with the perks that were offered to me on a particular playthrough and I was finally able to complete the game. It's not infinite levels, there are 5 levels with random variations along with modifiers for each room and perks for the player that are offered as choices each time you level up. The graphics are very nice and the game runs very smooth except for in certain areas where I did experience fps drops, but nothing extreme. Overall a fun experience thats good for breaking up the monotony of other games."
,Recommended,308420,18410321,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Tough Think Tank,"Insanely fun. This game is all about spells, staves and alchemy weapons, provided you have the mana needed. And your wand is there, too, if you lack the mana to fight. Aspiring mages would love this game, I would highly recommend it. It is fast-paced action and those five levels that you need for Endless mode are hell of a challenge. Who likes FPS-s and RPG-s, well, both of them will love this game. And I hope that you will find excitement in this, because there are tons of weapons, amulets and perks to unlock. And all characters approach the game in a different way, once you unlock them, so it is always fresh, always new. Trust me, now there isn't a better one in this genre now and the gift keeps on giving."
,Recommended,308420,18407611,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,BolZ@rd™,sup
76561198047160375,Recommended,308420,18371240,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ruzzian,Really good for a quick session of dungeons killing but has enough depth and content and versitile enemies for longer grinds. Highly recomend it
76561198098646568,Recommended,308420,19559770,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,{MGoCG}Pandafunkey809,"Best game I own next to darkest dungeon.The enemies can ♥♥♥♥ you over if they catch you in a corner, but if you're careful enough and go for the right stuff you will not have too much of a risk of dying...... that is in easy mode. I have yet to beat normal at all. I've beaten easy several times.... 4 I think, but still not even once in normal mode.I wish the developers of this game good luck in their future endeavors. this game makes me shout in panic and elation every time I play it and I'm grateful to the developers for making it. I pray they make a new game soon that will make me smile even more than this one has. :)"
76561198006571431,Recommended,308420,20107522,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The Moonhowler,"pefrct blend of roguelike and fps but wands and spells instead of guns, really fun!"
,Recommended,308420,20335217,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,yan123,Some games try to show off their depth/mechanics/story/gameplay/effects thus losing playability.That's not the case. Ziggurat contains precisely metered amount of every ingridient required to make it fun and challenging.Pure amusement.
,Not Recommended,308420,20310423,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Arsonist Cow,"I've had runs where I didn't get more than a single weapon through 3 floors, because all the ones I found were the same type as the one I started with. I even found 3 of the exact same weapon! Some clever coding could have fixed this issue.Randomizing character progression to the point of only getting a choice between two bonuses at level-up means incredibly inconsisent performance. Got a couple of sets of bad ones? Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ start over. Either manually or through death due to lack of good stuff.This is also compounded by the fact that some of the bonuses are really bad.I know this problem is a staple in permadeath games, but that does not make it okay."
,Recommended,308420,20310779,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SkyTheGooselord,This game has given me an immense hatred for carrots. 10/10
,Recommended,308420,20166888,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,FUNK SHUI ENGINE,"A fun, challenging little magic FPS with randomly generated dungeons. You can shoot carrots in the face with magic magma pistols so I say play this game."
76561198268824632,Recommended,308420,20137403,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mr. Contrition,"Ziggurat is a game clearly made by some clever buggers, because it's water-tight and polished to a mirror shine. A game can take approximately 90 minutes and will be packed with Serious Sam dodging, persistent RPG elements and dungeon exploration with unlockables aplenty and Binding of Isaac fashion item/weapon discovery at the end of each run.While much has gone into the design, it's no slouch in either visuals or audio though - it's crisp and clear on the eyes from start to finish and I can't say I found any real fault in either the music or the sound design.It could be expressed as a sum of others of its type - Serious Sam with Heretic's aesthetic, Hexen's weaponry and spellplay - but make no mistake, the setting and overall theme gives it its own identity, although I'm sure it could have benefitted from some more characterisation here and there.Regardless, I'll be quite happy to keep this in my library for future visits."
76561198048984227,Recommended,308420,19507191,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,themazingness,Now I can slaughter free-range carrots to my heart's delight!
76561197972042943,Recommended,308420,19511728,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,InterGalactic,Just one more run :) this what good game design is all about.
76561198075618042,Recommended,308420,19376577,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,PraiseBeToTheSun,"This is the best rogue-lite game i've played to date. i really like the levelling system and how fast paced this game is. an absolute bargain at £3.70, would even pay more for this."
76561197972607577,Recommended,308420,19458977,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Wargliis,Heretic!
76561198065760889,Recommended,308420,19700590,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,puppehs,"Plays like doom, good enough for me"
,Recommended,308420,13021784,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ELH_Imp,Carrot/10
,Recommended,308420,12648225,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,eetfukouijaaa,"Binding of Isaac meets Serious Sam.Sweetly polished, great controls, incredible replayability.Get it!"
,Recommended,308420,12637468,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Drast Sadow,"This game is awesome! Dungeon crawling, fast paced FPS with all magic (plus a gun and some grenades). The price is quite right."
,Recommended,308420,12662404,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Alan Wolf,"Rogue-Like.  Dungeon Crawler.  First-Person Shooter.I'll tell you what it is - Intense!This game reminds me heavily of Raven's Serpent Rider Saga (Heretic and Hexen 1 & 2) and plays like Painkiller on some powerful stimulant cocktail, that would flatline any human being!If your rig can hand max settings with all the trimmings and plays on fluid framerate - You will know exactly what I am talking about!How fast is this game???  I lost count of how many frames per second after taking my first step!"
,Recommended,308420,13231345,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Marty,Probably the best Rogue-lite game I've ever played in me entirely live.
,Recommended,308420,13219180,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,[12eOI] The Tsar of Russia,"Buy it! Buy it! It's worth every penny! Seriously though, it is."
76561198048122834,Recommended,308420,13223698,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Slug Murderer,"Ziggurat is an interesting take on the Rogue-lite genre. It takes the problem that many games like this had with the dull combat and attempted to fix it. It's combat mechanics are first person, which is new and interesting, and the variety of weapons that can go in any of your four weapon slots are varied, yet maintain a certain theme.The level design leaves something to be desired. They are very square, or rectangle, and the aethstetic is very similar almost all the way throughout.At times it can feel like the game is just hurling enemies at you for the sake of a challenge, but the random nature of the game makes it so that it adds a layer of replayability, instead of an annoyance.The choice to use a progression system for your character is interesting. Instead of relying soley on random item drops, like many games in this genre, you level up based on experience orbs. This mechanic allows you too choose a perk from a random set that the game chooses for you. However, the choices the game chooses are often influenced by the previous choices you made, so you can make a certain build for your character.They are still coming out with content for the game, so what you see now may not be all you get. At the moment you may be able to get 20-30 hours out of it before all character and items are unlocked. However, if the combat system is not too your liking, then this game is not for you, as that is the only real aspect in which this game shines. Everythign else is competent, but the combat system is the real meat of this game."
,Recommended,308420,11715684,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Average Avocado,"When I saw this game on early-access it immediately reminded me of Heretic and Hexen, and I knew that I had to give it a try. The game is really awesome, fun to play, but be warned, thus far the game is ""hardcore"" once you die, you die. None the less it makes the game a bit more challenging and interesting to play. I highly recommend giving this game a shot. If your keen on just taking a look, please view my youtube channel:https://www.youtube.com/covalentbrosotherwise, wait until my video of the game is uploaded:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hreU7UbVsT8&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,308420,11746860,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Yrruf,"Extremely addicting game! It is draining my time, but it is doing so in a fantastic way. I have to say it is one of the best looking Unity3D games out there, the art style is gorgeous."
76561197970851305,Recommended,308420,22528882,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,BillHicks,One of the better Rogue likes.  Lots of replayability. And the daily challenge is really fun.
,Recommended,308420,25634247,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Punk Queen,"It may look a bit silly, but it's a very fun and solid game. It is much more difficult than it looks."
,Recommended,308420,25741499,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Liberty,"As you can see, I've played this game a fair bit. As far as roguelikes go, it's a very fun game. The idea of first person wizardry is fantastic. The game does get a bit repetitive and you end up meeting all of the varieties of enemy pretty quickly. The AI for most enemies is also fairly dumb too, but it isn't so bad.If you like something which plays like older shooters like Doom or Blood where you run around at breakneck speed and gun down wave after wave of enemies, you'll have a ton of fun with Ziggurat. I'm just waiting on the sequel."
76561197970523499,Recommended,308420,25907710,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Azzazzel,A fun little time killer. Fastish paced magic shooter with a twist of 5 spice and a random crapshoot of decision making and suicide battles. Definitely worth sale price....
76561198158448429,Recommended,308420,26008422,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,genowhirl15,"Ziggurat is an absolutely fantastic first person dungeon-crawler shooter! I can honestly say that it doesn't do too many things wrong, but it definitely does SO many things right.The game plays as a rogue-like, so the power ups, items, dungeon layouts, etc will all change forSo here's the Upside:- The sense of speed is phenomenal and combines well with good maneuverability.- There is a decent amount of auto-aim so that the game doesn't become too frustrating with the difficulty.- The weapons are variable and plentiful, with even more to be unlocked.- There are 4 categories of weapons: Wand (always have), Staves, Spell Books, and Alchemic Weapons.- It's fairly easy to keep your weapon meters full and ready to use.- While there is a bit of a learning curve for sure, the challenge of becoming better is very rewarding and inviting.Ex: Upon dying, you'll wrack up points that will unlock new abilities and upgrades at random. These upgrades can be  found randomly within the dungeon or earned by leveling up.- Speaking of upgrades, I enjoyed how you were given 3 at random upon leveling up, but certain upgrades allowed for more options or to pick more than one.- I enjoyed how every floor of the dungeon had a randomized boss usually chosen from 3 differentpotential bosses with their own arenas and gimmicks.- Another enjoyable feature were that not all rooms were used for spawning and fighting enemies.Ex: There are enemy rooms, trap rooms, puzzle/treasure rooms, shrine rooms, and theoccasional hidden room.- The game has a good balance of platforming and fighting as a result of these various types of rooms.- When it comes to unlockables, there are TONS of characters, each with very customized starting builds to keep the experience fresh as you go along, as well as unique challenges for unlocking them.Ex: Some have more speed but less defense, some are more suited to staves or spell books oreven the basic wand, some may gain experience faster.- Lastly, a very cool feature they included is a daily challenge that everyone can compete in. Everyone has the same wizard from the beginning and the goal is just to go as far as you can before dying. Then, you're posted on a leaderboard for that day.Downside:- The types of enemies are not the most plentiful, but they do a good job of using various enemies at once when fighting.- The learning curve can be a bit too much for many people.- While ""easy"" is too easy, ""normal"" is considerably harder.- There can be the issue of packing too many enemies into too small a room, thus making it more likely that you'll die.- Due to the randomness of the upgrades and types of magic you find, you may end up having a poor run due to not getting   enough of the proper upgrades you need or the right types of spell books, staves, alchemic weapons, etc.Overall, the game is a wonderful experience that is worth the money. It has great replayability because there's always someone or something to unlock, but the process of learning and becoming better is also greatly rewarding. When you make it to the next floor you feel accomplished, but finally completing the game feels amazing. The controls are smooth, the graphics are enjoyably Alice-esque, and the upgrades and weapons are so diverse, creative, and random that you are guaranteed to have to play on your toes as each new experience with a new procedurally generated dungeon demands new strategies.Final Notes:- Great challenge- Great reward"
,Recommended,308420,26063229,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,\>>Dyke Ricin<</,"For the first 20 hours the game will constantly throw new weapons, perks, and characters at you. I'd be surprised if the majority of people even managed to beat it in those 20 hours too, as this game even on normal proves to be an uphill battle. After you have sampled a variety of weapons, characters and beat the game on normal as every single character you are still going to have to play on hard, endless, or in the arena in the newly added Gauntlet Mode survival game. The weapons are quite unique and varied, the combat is fast paced and very skill oriented, and the enemies will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ You will still have to deal with roguelite bs like garbage spawns and weapon drops from time to time but do not let that dissuade you; This game is great fun to explore and master throught times of both great luck and terrible misfortune."
,Recommended,308420,27164638,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SugarCaneSnake,"Without a doubt, the most difficult game I have ever played! Normal difficulty is hard, and hard pretty much impossible(after 93 hours still haven't managed to finish it on hard on any character). The game punishes the slightest mistakes and makes you want another go. There are of course some cons, but I am to blinded by how much I love to play it to think of any. Buy it, it's worth every damn penny, and more!"
76561198036267315,Recommended,308420,27247007,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CPT. Weaselstein,"Do you like games like Heretic and Serious Sam?Do you want a fast paced shooter with good rogue-like elements?If you answered yes to any of these questions, then you will probably enjoy Ziggurat."
,Recommended,308420,27302013,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tegakiller,The game is great but with co-op the game will be GREAT x2
,Recommended,308420,27195246,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Lamppost,"Can you imagine a wacky and medieval version of The Binding of Isaac? Welp, you don't need to, cos this game is a beast!  It's real fast-paced and intense. You may have limited weaponry, but you'll never get the same scenario twice.Just watch out for the running carrots..."
,Recommended,308420,27200885,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Plug,"If you ever wanted to play Serious Sam or DOOM '16 in a roguelike format, then I have good news. This game scratches that itch hard. With tons of weapons, a dozen playable characters, and a wide variety of challenging enemies, it's honestly a surprise more people haven't played it."
,Recommended,308420,27372261,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Saxypunch,"Pretty good until the exploding carrots back you into a corner and you have no hope of survival! Except that sometimes happens immediately. So, in summary, pretty good."
,Recommended,308420,16318523,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Moms Against Memes,"Just when you think the game gets boring, it tosses something new into the mix. A random event, new weapons, amulets, perks, monsters, etc.  Defenitely would reccomend, especially at the current price ($4.49)."
76561198126975019,Recommended,308420,16319734,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,wolfinston85,"Great game!Reminds me a lot of Painkiller and The Binding of Isaac, (welp it being a rogue like and all) definitley recommending it, it's fun, it has a lot of weapons, power ups and enemies, overall a lot of variety, very challenging on normal, but not so hard that it kills to just play the damn thing. It's just a nice game, buy it, play it, mostly now that is the Summer Sale."
,Recommended,308420,16320832,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,oklin,An enjoyable and very interesting mix of two completely different genres.Give it a spin!
,Recommended,308420,16320839,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Sleepyhead,
,Recommended,308420,16321512,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Sikreci,"Perfectly nails the fast-paced magical FPS combat of Hexen and sticks it in a rogue-lite format. Despite its relative simplicity, this game recaptures the thrill and feel of a classic shooter more than any modern throwback I've played yet. Thoroughly randomized bosses, floors, weapons, items, and enemies make every life and every death unique.If you liked Hexen and Heretic, this is a must play. If you like this game, Hexen and Heretic are a must play. Well worth the price of admission."
76561198073648775,Recommended,308420,16321658,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Suma,"I just bought this game.  I had to stop playing to write this so you don't miss out on the sale.  BUY THIS GAME!!!  I highly recommend it to all FPS/RPG fans!I was on the fence about getting this game for a long time because it didn't have any Apple OS X system requirements listed and the developer couldn't tell me if it would work with OS X 10.6.8.Well I am happy to report that this awesome game runs great with OS X 10.6.8 and works on both of my computers!  One of them being my 6 y/o laptop!If you have the slightest interest in this game get it!  It's worth every penny on sale on not on sale!  It is one of the best games on Steam IMO!!!  It really does Rock!  Beautiful graphics and sound!  Optimized smooth gameplay and fierce enemies to fight!  It is simply an awesome, fun to play, well developed FPS/RPG game!  A step above the rest IMHO!I can run the game silky smooth at full settings with all the bells and whistles turned on on my 4 y/o iMac.  Here are my iMac system specifications: Apple iMac 27"" LCD, i5 Quad-Core Intel processor 3.1GHZ, AMD Radeon HD 6970M with 1GB dedicated video RAM, 4GB system RAM, 1TB hard drive running OS X version 10.6.8 (Snow Leopard), Journaled HFS+ Extended file system, Logitech optical USB mouse.I have to set my PowerBook Pro to 1280x800 with medium graphics settings, but it works fine!  Here are my MacBook Pro system specs: Apple 15"" LCD PowerBook Pro, Intel Core 2 Duo 2.66 GHz, 4MB system RAM, NVIDIA GeForce 9600M GT with 256MB dedicated video RAM, running OS X version 10.6.8 (Snow Leopard), HSF+ Extended file system, Logitech optical USB mouse."
,Recommended,308420,16321926,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,ALLYC4T,"Fun little game. Like a first person Diablo clone. Fun for a bit, don't see the point in playing over and over though. Worth the 6 bucks."
,Recommended,308420,16322446,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,LonghornRed,"If you like Warframe, UnrealTournament and Fate then you'll love playing as a mage firing off magical weapons just like a FPS!"
76561197966003784,Recommended,308420,16311149,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,J-drive,"Surspisingly polished indie game, with lots of attention to detail and high replayability, as long as you don't dislike rogue-lite FPSs. For me it was the first game of the genre, and I am positively impressed.It has beautiful environments with constant framerate (no drops at all!), fluid and fast quake-like movement and a huge variety of enemies who provide a REAL challenge. You will die a lot, and come back for more! Random combat modifiers, procedurally generated dungeon layouts and a simple-yet-interesting skill system, which occasionally presents meaningful strategic choices, complete the picture and provide a new spin at every run.Most importantly, each character class requires a totally different appoach to the game (some can ""tank"" damage, others are powerful but fragile and have to constantly evade, others have starting perks...) Even the ""basic"" unlimited-mana weapon (which you might use a lot, or not at all, depending on your build choices) differs significantly among the available characters. How... I'll let you find out :)Finally, the game runs amazingly well on Linux :)Is it perfect? Nothing is, but it has no technical or balancing flaws, and it's obvious that its creators had a clear vision of what they wanted to make. It seems to be a labor of love. Perhaps you'll also love it, perhaps not, but it's great at what it does."
76561198059919341,Recommended,308420,16312659,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Juri,"I loved games such as Doom and Hexen and this game reminds me of those games quite a lot. It's very simplistic yet sucks you in easily.The settings arer also great, since you can change FOV, turn off bobbing and motion blur. I want more games like this.I had no issues with it except for crashing once after alt-tabbing."
,Recommended,308420,16313181,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Eldie,"So I just bought this game like 20 minutes ago, and played around 15 minutes of it, and I'm already in love with it!Very much fun, just bought this out of curiosity and after seeing the reviews I got interested.The reviews don't lie. This is a very fun and adventurous game, that contains tons of action.It's also a really easy game to get used to.Got used to the controls extremely quickly.If you have 4,50 to spare at the moment, buy it. Because it's worth it."
,Recommended,308420,16315665,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Galexty,"It's the kind of game you're not supposed to be good at (unless you're super dedicated).  Fun to play, fun to die, fun to get eaten by fanged carrots.  Easy way to kill a half hour."
,Recommended,308420,16316519,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,bog except spooky,"Essentially the Binding of Isaac in first person, but harder (in my opinion)."
,Recommended,308420,16316717,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Synthonym,"This game is bad-♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ A well-done rogue-lite in essence, and oozing with a 90's-flavoured FPS style very reminicsent of Heretic or Hexen, this game takes several different styles of game and melds them together in a beautiful alchemy. It's difficult, that's for sure. Even seasoned 90's shooter veterans will find challenge here. The fast movement, interesting weapons, high difficulty curve, and the conservation of momentum on jumps, Quake-style, makes this a damned fine game."
,Recommended,308420,16317526,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Savrin,"I came to know of this game thanks to Totalbiscuit's most recent video discussing the Steam Refunds system. I love rogue-likes and rogue-lites, considering I've put over 80 hours into Binding of Isaac, so I figured this would be up my alley. Turns out it's pretty fun.. and I don't intend to refund it, either."
76561198072326300,Recommended,308420,16531979,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,goose183,"You are a mage.  But you are a mage who has to aim!  Can get pretty hectic at times, and difficult.  It's fun!"
76561198058760223,Recommended,308420,16280174,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,BigDaddyWags,"Great VisualsGreat variety of enemiesFun, fast paced bullet-hell style gameplayGreat Music and Sound AssetsThis game rules."
,Recommended,308420,16413664,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Raziel_VU,"If Serious Sam and Hexen had child this would be it. Part of the resaon I like it is because it reminds of Hexen. Repetitive, but very very fun! In fact, I like that it's repetitive. Would be A LOT better with COOP, I hope the devs include it at some point.It's a definite YES from me, about 7.5/10. Got it on sale, worth every penny."
,Recommended,308420,16427130,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[Dewgong] MGlBlaze,"Zigurat is a first person shooter take on ""roguelites"", with a slightly greater emphasis on player skill and working through generated floors fighting large hoardes of monsters. It evokes a lot of memories of the way battles flowed in Painkiller, which is absolutely a good thing. The game starts off very strongly out of the gate as well, in that not only do all the weapons in your arsenal have an alternate fire with the right-click, but you are also randomly given an additional weapon in the starting room when you begin. Instant variety! The different characters' starting wands all act differently as well as their own perks and drawbacks, some of which offering radically different playstyles.More weapons, characters and other objects can also bee unlocked between games, similar to other ""roguelite"" games, which gives an evolving level of variety as you progress, and even all the options you begin with offer a great deal of choice. There is also a rather refreshing emphasis on cycling between all of your available options. Even your starting wand (which has a smaller mana pool which recharges on its own) is quite decent, and each floor typically comes along with some additional treasure rooms to get new stuff along the way.Speaking of the levels themselves, they are randomly put together but each room is carefully constructed to give a focused battlefield for the hoarde of enemies sent at you, with a good deal of architectural variety. And there is suprisingly a good deal to be gained from exploration as a few rooms have hazardous terrain to navigate for potentially even greater rewards. Even the small throwaway transition rooms come along with a good deal of variety. Some will be like a study filled with piles of books (Which you can actually use to heal yourself with the right perks, which you gain the opportunity to chose between as you gain levels, which you gain by killing monsters and picking up the small gold drops), while others may have a lava pit to jump over or a spike trap that hits you if you're dawdling. Others can simply be an interesting visual change between eachother.The only things I can really complain about are that, the level perks you chose from can be rather dull. Perhaps more interesting stuff is unlocked as you complete more of the game, but a lot of them ammount to increasing a mana or health pool, or allowing you to restore some mana or health at the start of a battle. There are however interesting things available from the start. Namely, a perk called Wrecking Ball you can take to restore health when you break some of the level features, which is both useful and interesting. Another gives you a speed boost when you get hit. There does seem to be more perk variety as you unlock more in between runs, but it is something of a dull point for wehat is otherwise an extremely colourful game with a decent amount of variety given to you.The other thing is that there is a relatively small pool of end bosses. There are still a number of options you may fight against on a given floor which is nice, but the boss variety is sadly a bit limited.Regardless of that however, Ziggurat is a lot of fun and there is a pretty good amount of content to work though. It gives you a decent amount of options to start off with (Alternate fire on everything helps along quite nicely!) and there are a good deal more options to unlock over time as you fight through the Ziggurat dungeon.  Definately worth checking out."
76561198027541238,Recommended,308420,13620246,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PrimeMover,"Great game, although more limited than I would have hoped. There are different classes that offer small differences in gameplay. The story of the game is very limited and the game doesn't last very long. The game has many options for replayability, but none that actually made me do it. The graphics are decent and there are very little bugs."
,Recommended,308420,16335879,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,butteredbandits,"Fun, fast-paced, magic-slinging action through procedurally generated dungeons! It's a pretty straight forward game, try to get through all the floors of the Ziggurat as fast as possible, die and you start from the bottom again. Usually games with that kind of set up♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, but the fact that you won't see the exact same floorplan again helps mitigate the frustration. The game's got a great sense of humor to it, you'll be fighting evil carrots alongside banshees and all sorts of minions."
76561197970791428,Recommended,308420,16336179,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,choldenjr,"Fast-paced, roguelike, randomly generated dungeons in a world similar to Heretic/Hexen. Plenty of characters, weapons, abilities, etc to unlock even in death. This makes it quite replayable."
,Recommended,308420,16338761,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,koshrf,"It kinda feels like a Binding of Isaac in a FPS form, I'm enjoying it so far."
76561198003406730,Not Recommended,308420,16338792,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,BitterBiped,"Game is boring.  Run into room and genric boring monster spawn. Kill them.  Do this over and over and over... with boring weapons.The levels themselves are utterly uninteresting, just one rectangle room after the other.  Eventually come to a boss fight that is really just matter of patience.Next level is the same thing, with the same monsters that have  more life and shoot more projectiles.Game is nothing like the old Heretic or Hexen, both of which still have way more to offer than this bland generic fps."
,Recommended,308420,16339791,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Wed,Ziggurat has all the magic I wish was real.
,Recommended,308420,16339917,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,mmadam mmuggy,FPS wizard simulator 2014
76561197970683990,Recommended,308420,16339985,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dorque,Roguelike Hexen!  Weapons monsters spells and upgrades.  There is no reason to not buy this game.
,Recommended,308420,16363085,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Yeet Lord,"Think of it as a Gauntlet / Binding of Isaac + Heretic and Hexen rougelite. Great Gameplay, Great Graphics, Great Audio, Great Controlls (Although I'd appreciate some strafe-sprinting pls) and a story that is present, but never shoved into your face. Pretty damn good game."
76561198000689633,Recommended,308420,16365787,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Oneoverzero,"Is this game perfect. No, it is not. At times it is unbalanced, punishing, frustrating, and the final boss is cheap S.O.B. who deserves every flaming projectile that you send his way.However, the game is also fun, keeps you on your toes, and addictive as all get out. The variety of characters, items, and spells that you can unlock is vast and intresting. What character you choose to fight with makes a huge difference as to how you tackle the game. Combine that with the face the game's maps are never the same twice, and the replayablity factor of the game gets a 10.  ****I have to give kudos to the developers. They are constantly tuning the game and adding new items, room varieties, and other goodies. I would buy this again, at full price,  just to support them in their future endeavors.""I recommend the game with a solid C. It's fun, it's creative, but I feel that with just a couple of changes it could have been astounding."
,Recommended,308420,16365927,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ludomancer,Quake Roguelike.That should be enough argument for anyone to buy this game.
76561198168678339,Recommended,308420,16365995,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,allhopeisgone0826,"Love this game, runs good on Surface 3 with a PS4 controller. Ton of replay value and looks great."
,Recommended,308420,16366592,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hodor,"This game is so relaxing. Just run around, shoot stuff, collect stuff. No brains."
,Recommended,308420,16377793,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CasualQueue,The first FPS I don't mind playing. I love the rouge-like challenge and the weapons are awesome!
,Recommended,308420,15665452,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,✪ CrazylikE ✪,"This is actually a pretty fun game so far. I have only unlocked one character so I havent played too much, but did complete it once on easy and had fun with it. Random floors, random mobs, random spells. A decent amount of variation I'd say. You have to aim and dodge stuff at the same time, its fairly fast pace, reminded me a little bit of Quake in some ways. I enjoyed my time with it and I will play it more for sure!"
,Recommended,308420,15665967,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SpookyKid94,"This game is like Serious Sam on crack.Enemies aren't too strong, but they have numbers. The environments are a little cramped, but it's actually to the game's benefit. Movement is old school fps style with very little margin for error, one too many bunny hops in a particular direction can get you killed. It's a rogue-like with a good diversity in equipment and level design, so it shouldn't get too repetitive. 100% recommend for people who like old school shooters or rogue-likes in general."
76561198047895761,Recommended,308420,15667647,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,pdex,Great game for playing in short bursts.  Definitely worth it if you can catch it on sale.  It does get a little repetitive after a while.
,Recommended,308420,15668424,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,FloatingHitPoint(aka Xenofex),"First of all, this game ishardcore. As I write this, according to achievements' statistics only 0,6% of all people  playing it actually beat it on Hard level. Ziggurat is definitely not a game for stereotypical CoD-casual schoolkids.Next thing(which kinda adds up to the previous one), the game trolls you, and trolls you hard. The reason behind this is procedural generation of levels and everything in them, including starting weapons.In one of my early runs out of 5 levels in story mode 3 first ones gave me the same spell.And if you don't want unexpected surprises, forget about divine shrines or you might get a really unpleasant debuff that will be the cause of your death.Other than that, Ziggurat is an awesome mix of Hexen and Serious Sam spiced up with the almighty RNG. Perfect for running a round or two a day and potentially even sucking you in for a couple of hours...but stillhardcore."
76561198165957577,Recommended,308420,15669059,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Brooksy Lulu,Good game. It has graphics. Buy!!!
,Recommended,308420,15670429,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ohyou,"As if Quake was a rogue-like. Very Quake-ish gameplay, tons of features like any Rogue-like has. Smooth gameplay, nice sounds, very nice AI. It takes around 5 hours to ""finish""the game (to kill the last boss) but it has so much content and replayability potential that it will take you another 50 to explore everything."
76561198063659077,Recommended,308420,15680423,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Pyro™,10/10
76561197988300537,Recommended,308420,13930937,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Stevek,"I have a couple of kvetches about this.  So let me start by singing the praises of this original and very creative game.  If you enjoy frenetic single-player FPS ranged combat, then you have found Nirvana with Ziggurat.  It is truly fun to play with a great variety of weapons and upgrades and great graphics.  I have had no crashes or bugs.  The concept of this style of gameplay isn't new, but the execution is spectacular.My biggest complaint is that I can no longer play it without getting seasick.  I even took a week off and started again today, but only lasted about five minutes.  That is an unhappy situation.  But it's probably just me.My other complaint is around difficulty.  After seven hours of playtime, I could get to level three and last about 2 rooms there.  So my skills maybe are not so great.  But you have to progress through earlier levels each time you play.  And between gameplays, there is very little you can do to upgrade your character.  So basically, I found myself grinding through the same sets of levels, with my progression getting a little farther each time, but decreasingly so.There are skills you can find that may appear in subsequent playthroughs, but nothing that really makes my character more powerful (compared to rogue legacy, for instance, where there is a skill progression that facilitates progression through the castle).  So I've really lost interest in spending 30 minutes going through levels one and two and only getting a few minutes on level three.  And that only works if I can defeat the level 2 boss, which currently happens only about 1 in 4 playthroughs.So for me, the game has lost its interest after about 7 hours of play.  I see some complaints on the forum from people who say it is too easy and they get all the way through early.   I imagine that coming up with the right balance to please all players is a nearly impossible task.In net, I feel like I got great value from Ziggurat.  Were it not for the vertigo, I would likely keep this around and pick it up now and again.   I think the development team has refreshed the FPS shooter genre -- Painkiller would be the closest comparison, but Zigguraut is not so heavy-handed.  If you like your FPS and you are ready to challenge your fast-twitch coordination, don't hesitate to pick this one up!"
,Recommended,308420,13346181,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Chet,This game is AWESOME it combinds magic and fps to make an awesome game
76561198040447494,Recommended,308420,13800891,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Anxiety Whale,"Amazing Game, best FPS I've played. I r8 8/8"
76561197972469397,Recommended,308420,13801863,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,bi204-1,"This game is awsome!  Its incredibly fun, despite being pretty hard even on Easily.  I enjoyed it so much, I want them to make a sequal.  They could make Ziggurat 2 just like the first one, only make it take place exactly where this one left off and add lots of new weapons, new enemies, including some new bosses."
76561198035221172,Recommended,308420,14094501,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,mavin117,"An exellent game with loads of replayability, action, and a largely unpredictable experience. Lots to unlock, loads of good singleplayer fun, and definitely worth it."
,Recommended,308420,13513391,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,FlamingTP,Binding of Isaac + Hexen = This10/10recommended purchase price: $20All you need to know is: check for cracks where doors should be and you're ready to go through the entire game.
,Recommended,308420,14203017,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Hexen, without balls.Still pretty good."
76561197970398171,Recommended,308420,14277133,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Arden,"A hard game that I wasn't sure what to make of at first, mainly because progress seemed slow in the beginning. But once you have unlocked some of the other weapons and skills the game becomes more manageable and ultimately more fun.As a roguelike fps with the graphical style of Heretic/Hexen this game has quite a unique feel to it which in this day and age is impressive.Ziggurat is a gem which is unlikely to rock your world but for the players up for the challenge it is fun, rewarding and very replayable."
,Recommended,308420,14248231,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,LisVender,"What a great game! For those who crave a little fast-paced, FPS action, this is the perfect fit for your fix. There's no regenerating health, and no iron sights, thank goodness. Everything plays fast and smooth, even at high resolutions. The maps randomize every time you play, there's a huge variety of challenging monsters, and it's just plain fun.  Highly recommended for fans of classic PvE FPS games like Doom and Quake. Like me!"
,Recommended,308420,14250320,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,barr3lr0ll,"If you like rogue-lite games then you'll probably like this. The gameplay is fun yet challenging and I really have few criticisms other than not being able to save the game so you can leave it, then the save being deleted when you resume. Overall great game!"
,Recommended,308420,14250946,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DIO,"Ziggurat follows the somewhat recent trend of Rogue-Lite games, that is to say it borrows from and is heavily influenced by the Roguelike genre but still differs in quite a few aspects. You could also describe Ziggurat as a first-person dungeon shooter, yes that's right: Ziggurat puts your 420 noscope skills to the test, while retaining RPG and Roguelike elements. This might sound like a clumsy mix at first but the overall flow of the game is actually very pleasant and the genres blend quite a bit better than some might have expected.You start of at the first level of a (somewhat) randomly generated dungeon with a wand and a secondary weapon, which is randomly chosen from one of the three categories: spells, staffs and alchemy. You can only carry one weapon of each category, your wand is permanently tied to your character and can not be swapped. Each weapon category, including the wand, has it's own mana pool - while the wand's pool automatically regenerates over time, you have to manually re-fill the other pools via item drops from monsters, which also drop EXP gems. Each time you level up, you get prompted with two random perks, one of which you can chose and thus upgrade your characters. As is common in this genre, many perks have their drawbacks or revolve around sheer luck - so be careful what you choose. Each level of the dungeon features a set of rooms, each with a different event, e.g.: monsters, items, traps etc. A (random) boss awaits you at the end of each dungeon level up to level 5, which features the end-boss.The game's graphics and soundtrack serve their purpose well enough, they're not outstanding in any way but that should not be held against an indie game. The monster design is also nothing groundbreaking - while they feature quite an array of gameplay mechanics, their design is relatively bland and uninspired. I will not go into technical details; it should suffice to say the game runs absolutely flawless for me. As you might expect from this genre, Ziggurat has an immense replay-value, with tons of achievements, leaderboards, unlockables (including weapons, perks and characters) and three difficulties for you to explore. It is also worth noting that this game has received regular, free, content updates and fixes up to this point - it's always nice when a developer cares.All-in-all, if the concept of a first person dungeon shooter sounds interesting to you, which it quite frankly should, I will definitely recommend Ziggurat. It is fast-paced, varied, challenging and certainly worth it's asking price."
76561198064201125,Not Recommended,308420,14253348,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,justusmiles,"I play a lot of procedurally generated games (not that I'm the most qualified), and I'd like to talk about why I would not necessarily recommend this game.NOTE: This is obviously an opinionated review, and as such I'd like to point out that my review is based on my personal experience with this game and most likely will not apply to everyone.Pros:First, the gameplay that is present in this game is extremely fun, precise, and difficult. The game obviously takes a lot of influence from games like heretic and DOOM. If that doesn't mean anything to you, DOOM and Heeretic were basically two games that defined the fps genre (evidenced by the term ""doom clone""). Additionally, it is immediately recognizeable that this game is tough. I died on the first room for my first couple of runs. After a couple of hours I finally beat the game on normal mode. This achievement holds significant weight and the feeling of accomplishment up to this point is amazing. In addition to beating the game, this feeling of accomplishment is tied to unlocking new perks (which are upgrades you can use upon leveling up) and weapons (should be self explanatory unless your an idiot).Cons:I believe this game suffers from two main problems. For me, a roguelike should reward you as you play and get better. However, when rewards occur too quickly it can not only be overwhelming but also it can diminish the feeling of accomplishment. This is the first problem I believe the game suffers. After beating the game that coveted first time, I began to unlock up to seven things per run. While not necessarily bad, I found it a bit ridiculous when I started experimenting with what I could unlock with horrible runs. At the worst of it I unlocked five things without killing an enemy. The second problem with this game is that the gameplay has no variation. Allow me to explain. There is no duobt that this game contains amazing fps bullet hell gameplay that changes as you unlock more perks and weapons. However, other than those two things, the game doesn't change. The new weapons and perks change up the style of gameplay, but the core mechanic remains the same. Shoot. Kill. Advance. Additionally, the changing interior of the environments and weapons begins to lose its luster after you realize that all of the rooms and enemies are just cookie cutter copies of each other rearranged on the beginning of each level.Summary:This game has truly amazing gameplay heavily based on the frantic fps Hectic and DOOM. The initial feeling of accomplishment for getting better at the unforgiving gameplay is very satisfying. However, the lack of variation and overuse of rewards eventually undermines the the feeling of accomplishment  that makes this game great. Overall, I believe this game is still very good and is definitely still worth a buy, but for the reasons stated above won't be a roguelike that I will be able to seriously commit some time to.Extra: For other roguelikes that I believe are better suited for some serious commitment, I recommend: Risk of Rain, Nuclear Throne, Magicite, and Tower of Guns."
76561198060822994,Recommended,308420,13980063,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Wretch,"Painkiller meets Heretic.This is an oldschool shooter at heart. If you grew up playing old FPS games in the MS-DOS era, you'll be right at home here.The focus is on the gameplay and there is very little exposition to distract you from it."
76561198052099514,Recommended,308420,13892246,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/Laufmeister,"An absolutely refreshing and pleasatly surprising game. The perfect aspects taking from from games like Doom/Hexen/Painkiller as well as the Rogue-LIKE procedurally generated rooms. Clean and easy controls make the game easy to understand, but hard to master. Playing through the game quite a bit makes eneies seem repetative, but large amounts of weapons make every run feel fresh. Easily my favorite Indie title for 2014 and i can't wit to see what else Milkstone has planned for Ziggurat9/10; Repetative enemies hold the game back from being a 10. More enemies types = Fresher gameplay imo"
,Recommended,308420,13992709,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,RpTheHotrod,Worth picking up! Quick and fun rogue-like\Hexen type game. :D
76561198097266711,Recommended,308420,13985622,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Electric Panda,"A smart man once said that ""if you like Paranautical Activity then you will like Ziggurat and if you like games then you will like Ziggurat."""
76561198076875045,Recommended,308420,14232450,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,COOPer,"Ziggurat is a fast-paced FPS rogue-like with heavy inspiration from Hexen, awesome visuals and enough unlockables to keep you engaged for a good while. My only complaint is that unlockable characters don't have much variety between them. I think there's about twelve of them but only four or five have a distinct, interesting playstyle. Would really like to see some DLC for Ziggurat."
,Recommended,308420,14235293,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Krog the Mighty,"This game is the only rogue-like type game I've played to date. The first person aspect really makes it more intense, and the art style is great. I don't like how it will sometimes give you a weapon of the same type on the second level, making you choose between the two. I hope they patch that out, So far that's my only gripe, which is a very small one to make and that's why I'm recommending it. If you want a game you can jump in, shoot some stuff for ten minutes, and jump out you'll love this."
76561197987203216,Recommended,308420,14238008,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kiddoomer,"A great and fun game ! The gameplay is not unique but gives a lot of fun with the rogue-like elements giving a very big incentive to play again and again, with a lot of stuff to unlock with each gameover.The visuals are great too, some design can be repetitive and some predefined rooms too big for me, but searching for secret door and such is more fun than tedious to do.Most of the weapons are fun to use, with some being not that good or other requiring some practice to kill efficiently.I recommend this game to at least any painkiller or serious sam fan willing to see something different, and honestly, no multiplayer is not a problem with a a game like this."
76561198037516396,Recommended,308420,14167962,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Camelslayer,"Is it good? Yes.Is it great? No.It's a rogue-like with a similar formula to Binding of Isaac- go into a room, kill everything in sight, find the boss and blow it to pieces. Except you're doing it with magic/alchemical devices from a first person perspective.It doesn't really do a whole lot new- you do level up and are allowed to choose perks to help you out in various ways. There's four different weapon types- your wand, a spell book, a staff, and an alchemical device. Each have their own mana pool, which is quite unique- only problem is all of these weapons perform basically the same- shoot some number of bolts in some pattern, with an alternate fire that just fires more bolts. Bosses are okay- mostly they just shoot stuff at you and summon monsters, nothing really ingenious. No two playthroughs are the same, but multiple playthoughs aren't really substantially different, either.This game could've been great, but it's not. Don't get me wrong- it's still fun. It's something to play if you don't know what else to play. I love the Hexen/Heretic vibe it has going on, and it's certainly worth getting if it's on a Steam sale, but the $15 asking price is a bit too steep for what you get out of it."
,Recommended,308420,14169522,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Hemix,Ziggurat is what you get if you mix Heretic and Isac.Dynamic and challenging.
,Recommended,308420,14171889,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Atmic,"A surprise quality title.I picked this up on sale not expecting much. The more you play however, the more you realize this is a perfectly tuned twitch-FPS roguelike. The unlockables come steady and fast, and you genuinely feel like each playthrough is different. Your player skill increases, and as unlockable abillities, amulets and characters spew forth, the gameplay becomes more varied over time. My favorite title of 2014."
,Not Recommended,308420,14118096,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,transce,"I was really excited to play this game.  References to Heretic/Hexen and elements of Rogue-lite gameplay in a FPS that has RPG elements?   What's not to like, right?  I was hoping for something like Heretic with updated graphics, maybe even a little dumbed-down Skyrim-like dungeon crawling.  Well the dumbed-down part is right -- it's so dumb that it qualifies for disability.The biggest problem with this game is the awful level design, if you can call it that.  Every level is like this, walk into a room, all the doors magically close and you must defeat a wave of monsters that appears out of thin air.  When you're done, you get to choose a door, this leads to another room where you do the same thing over again.  This type of gameplay would have felt crappy and outdated back when Heretic came out, now it's laughably bad.  Sure, the levels do appear to be randomly generated, but when your entire level explorations consists only of picking a room and killing a wave of enemies, it really makes for a boring and unexciting level.  There is no thrill of adventure or exploration, just artificial wave after artificial wave of enemies in badly-designed levels filled with boring artificial rooms.  Nothing could be farther from the Heretic/Hexen gameplay.This doesnt even feel like a real game, it feels like a mini-game that was ripped out of something else, or a side project somebody made in their free time."
76561198055416365,Recommended,308420,14173226,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,CGwolfy339,Crazy hard yet crazy fun! It gets so addictive!
76561198025414778,Recommended,308420,14221662,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Skelemonyo,"This game is great. It has very high replay value. The game is suprisingly short, but the unlockable perks and characters keep the game entertaining. There is a good amount of enemy variety with each enemy having a different way to fight. There is a difficulty bar so new players can actually see multiple levels of this game without getting destroyed in the first room, and hard mode provides experienced players a challenge. Though you don't see everything. I still see new room conditions, buffs, handicaps, and bosses.Although you can get unlucky with the alters, but if you are skilled then you can overcome the handicaps. Although often the random perks may sometimes seem unlucky, I've never encountered a situation where the game feels unwinable, there is always a build I can create that is viable, even if it is something that I wouldn't have pre planned. In a way I really like that, because it forces the player to analyze the perks they are given and the perks they have in order to create an effective mage.Many would say that the perks you aquire through playing are giving advantages to the players who have more experience. I would say this is partially true, many of the weapons and perks you unlocke are very strong, but also there are more possibilities to deal with. After going through the ziggurat about 14 times, I've found that my characters haven't gotten much stronger, just more creative.All and All, this is an amazing game and I think more people should try it."
,Recommended,308420,14184800,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Karmagasm,"A fun roguelite FPS, runs on pretty much anything (I have a very old pc) and it's very modestly hard. With tons of extra content to unlock I'll be playing this for quite a while."
,Recommended,308420,14185744,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Locksheon,"Ziggurat's gameplay reminds me a lot of the old Legends of Might and Magic.  The game is solid, featuring tight controls, great weapons, beautiful visuals, and difficult battles.  I was a little discouraged, however, when I saw the leaderboards.   Apparently there are 100+ levels.  That's a lot considering how difficult the first level is!   I wouldn't pay full price for the game.  Definately wait until it goes on sale, because it's probably going to be one of those games you don't play very often unless you're very dedicated to FPS games."
76561197970559171,Recommended,308420,14187084,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Cold Comfort,"Ziggurat drops you right into the action. Controls are tight and responsive, action is fast and intense. (And procedurally generated.) Lots of fun, and the unlockable characters, weapons, and abilities add tons of replay value."
76561198052920263,Recommended,308420,14187806,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Malignant Noodles,"The perilous, unrelenting combat is just insanely addictive.Brilliant presentation, everything just crackles: the spell effects, creature animation, score, etc.I'll be playing this one for awhile."
,Recommended,308420,14215226,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,DontFeedTheGoat,"Personally my eyes hurt after playing this for a while, not at all used to the retro Doom kind of shooters. However, fans of those games as well as fans of Serious Sam and titles like Tower of Guns, will very much enjoy this gem."
,Recommended,308420,14215806,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,A NUUU CHEEKI BREEKI IV DAMKE,gud
76561197984980347,Recommended,308420,14217215,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,KcRedZone,Replay-ability is solid.
76561197993615419,Recommended,308420,14217301,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,tainted_wolf,Awesome game that has the feel of Heretic in gameplay. The expanding upgrade system and multiple characters gives it a great replay and variety factor.
,Recommended,308420,14219503,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Prosthetic_Mind,"Binding of Isaac style gameplay, but a first person shooter with enemy arenas kind of like painkiller.I'm not that far yet and I'm already running into enemies that are cutesy analogs to monsters from Doom and Duke Nukem 3d.I'm not that far into it yet but the more I play the more I get in the groove of dodging and weaving enemy attacks."
,Recommended,308420,14011496,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Eucatastrophic,"The best attempt at a first person rougelike I've played. Great aesthetic, good weapon and enemy variety, interesting upgrades and nice levels. Like a mixture Hexen and Binding of Isaac.Lots of fun, very addictive.Must play!"
76561198054885261,Recommended,308420,14021404,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,rstory2123,"So far the game has been very fun. I will admit that in a few spots I questioned why I am playing this game since I don't play FPS, but it tends to grow on a person."
76561198054494108,Recommended,308420,16779922,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,moira66,"This is a fun game with good graphics. Very fast paced and has not crashed once while i used it. Lots of content and a deceptively simple interface. This is a good game for children as the enemies are fun and cute. Promotes good reaction skills and hand eye coordination also. The enemies may seem like theya re simple at first, but each one has a different movement style and a specific attack. When combined with multiple enemy types this can make for a quite complicated battle. On a scale of one to ten, i give this a straight up eight! :D"
76561198046533401,Recommended,308420,16764301,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,primoaurelius,"welcome to wizards quake. here we use potions and spells rather than bullets and lasers. battle your way up a reverse pyramid, unlocking hundreds of items to use, and multiple characters to take into the trials, each with different styles and strenghts. the game takes place on randomly generated maps, with lots of different monsters to challenge you, including some random elite monsters, and all kinds of weapons and power-ups to collect, all the while dodging enemy projectiles and melee attacks. there are also a few fps platforming elements, to reward you with items, but if this is not your thing, dont worry, its not mandatory. points and kills carry over after death to unlock new items, spells, power-ups, characters, etc. the game is very well balanced and put together. this one is defenetly worth checking out for anyone looking for an updated, upgraded doom/quake-like experience."
76561198024883017,Recommended,308420,18450963,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Bchampli,"LIVE.DIE.LEARN.REPEATVery Fun, not a steep learning curve.. Fans of Painkiller and similar old school games will feel right at home!One major Twist, is the proceedurally generated maps, which adds to the mystique10/10"
,Recommended,308420,18380551,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Ben Dover,"Pros:Looks GreatFun as all hellIt's hard!Cons:IT'S HARD!Some rooms are kinda repetitiousNo co-op :cSometimes this game can just screw you over by giving you the same weapons over and over again.Overall: I love it! Imagine if Rogue Legacy and Risk of Rain had a 3D baby and it was sold on steam. There you go. It's fun, intuitive and let's not forget, a rogue-lite game. Aw yea baby."
,Recommended,308420,18435391,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Xenohaz,"Challenging and fun.  Each playthrough is a bit different, but similar enough to learn and improve from your mistakes.  Occasionally funny but still maintains a mysterious atmosphere and doesn't just overuse ""LOLSORANDOM"" humor."
,Recommended,308420,16380506,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,HGArchis,"Rating: 8/10Addictive rogue-lite! The game has an excellent procedural generation system with some gorgeous visuals to boot. The gameplay is very much like Painkiller meets Magic, something that you might've experienced in Lichdom: Battlemage but less monotonous, though here also you only kill enemies every room you come across. Being a rogue-lite, the plot is almost non-existent, as in you only get a ""story"" that hasn't been thought after for long. The game's strong point is gameplay and variety - You get to play around with a lot of power-ups and unlocking them is like a compulsion for OCD freaks like me. I would recommend a purchase at a discount."
,Recommended,308420,18039791,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,DERPNESS,Fast paced FPS rogue-lite. There a lot of comparison's that can be made to old FPSes but really it all boils down to a solid experience. The shooting and movement are tight. There is enough variety to keep you coming back for a long time. Really easy game to pick up and play even if you can only play a little at a time.
76561197971116718,Recommended,308420,18193557,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Sirian,"This is a fun shooter. I found it challenging (and have yet to complete it once). The random elements keep it fresh and the game keeps you on your toes. Not for those who don't enjoy fast-paced action, though. Fights in this game tend to be over quickly -- one way or the other. There's tons of unlocks, so the amount of content available (assuming you enjoy the combat element) is quite large. Plenty of replays, with different character classes that each have their minor tweaks. Lots of weapons, and lots of adapting to your random map luck in each individual playthrough."
,Recommended,308420,16842196,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Sevandres,"ZigguratThough I wasn't too impressed with this little game, it does have a bit to offer. A good bit of fun for someone looking for a game to kill the space between finishing their last big release and the next one. Co-Op would have been a nice feature. Not my cup of tea, but perhaps it's yours. Give it a go."
76561198103130084,Recommended,308420,18580120,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,mr85grim,"Great game. Addictive arcade action with enough weapons, perks, characters and enemies to give a ton of replay value and variety. It's good to know  there are still people out there that make games that are challenging and are well.... Games! Not a bunch of boring cutscenes and corny dialogue. Highly recommended for fans of Hexen and old school shooters in general but make no mistake there are plenty of modern sensiblities here: procedurelly generated dungeons that often have unique effects per room, as well as a modern perk system. Buy it you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,308420,18578015,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Xemnes Keyethkateth,A good game.
,Recommended,308420,18562175,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Lanaaaaaa,If you liked Heretic or Hexen you'll love ZigguratYes there's people who liked those games
,Recommended,308420,18545605,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Ishmerai,Good spin on the rogue-like genre. A bit short though.
76561197997758075,Recommended,308420,18556480,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,RollerGoblin,"This game is an aquired taste I feel. Initially I just thought it was okay, but when I played more and got better at it I really started to love the game. Now it's one of my favourite indie games.Things I love about it:- Balance: I feel like the devs spent quite a bit of time finetuning the difficulty of this game. It can be really difficult, but it feels really rewarding when you beat it.- Variety: Even though this game isn't littered with RPG elements such as loot, the variety is this game is really amazing. There are quite a bit of weapons(with alernate fire modes) that really demand different playstyles, and the room are equally varied: From huge carrot enemy hordes to varied enemies, from trap room to mystic chests that offer trinkets. And then there are the bosses... quite a lot of them as well! Also, daily challenges are they to mix things up even further!- The artstyle. I am a sucker for this kind of fantasy artstyle and it's very well executed. I suppose some will hate it, but it look crisp and the cartoony textures make the game playable on low spec machines.This is a very focused product that revolves around one strong core gameplay mechanic, but the devs really utilize the strong shooting mechanics in an expertly way through variety, good diificulty levels and rewards.Definately one of the best rogue-likes on steam. It still gets an update every now and then, and I think it's underrated."
,Recommended,308420,18688291,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Quadadvance,Wow! What an aesthetically pleasing game! And not only is it beautiful it plays really well. if you like binding of isaac style games with the randomized weapons and arenas then this is for you!9.5/10 would replay again and again!
,Recommended,308420,15321563,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Marcelo Sampaio,"Let me start by saying this: Ziggurat is a game even the Totalbiscuit, the ""Cynical Brit"", liked!!! :pZiggurat is a first person shooter with Roguelite elements. And a VERY GOOD one at that! Remember Heretic? Now imagine it with randomized levels and permadeath. Its what you are gonna get here, and if you are interested, don't even waste your time, and buy this game now!The game has great graphics, with amazing colorful lightning and detailed (and varied) enemies. Sure, it doesn't look like an AAA game, but its one of the best looking Indie games I've ever played. And it deserves a bonus for having some of the best weapon designs in a game (reminds me A LOT of Heretic and Hexen, but with more variety). The sounds are also very good. Nothing is too loud or too quiet in here. The weapons sounds are good and varied, and the music is great, and uses a dynamic system (the music changes whenever you enter a room with enemies in it).The gameplay is great. The controls are precise and very responsive. They are typical FPS controls, which means you'll feel at home here. But what makes this game shine are the Roguelike elements. The game relies heavily on the randomization. The map is randomly generated, the enemies are placed at random, the weapons you get are all random, the bosses you face are also placed at random... Even the perks you can choose when you level up are random. Speaking of perksm, the game has an enormous variety of them, and every time you play, you unlock new perks. This is a great incentive to play the game again and again. Oh, and let me repeat myself: THE GAME HAS PERMADEATH. I love games with permadeath, and this game is very unforgiving at first, but the more you play, more you'll learn how to keep yourself alive.Anyway, this game is great. Its challenging, varied, its good looking, has an amazing replayability. There are a few issues here and there (like excessive fog on some levels, some first person platforming...), but there are so many good things here that its hard not to recommend this game.If you are a fan of the genre, go ahead, and have fun. ^^Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,308420,18646716,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Kubbi,"To put it simple:DO you like Binding of Issac?  This is that as an egoshooter just with magic, not drugs...They even got that thing going on with the random luck you need to get the right weapons, the map-system, cards (replace the items, just the effekts are not so crazy and the synergies are more...logical? <-not so sure what else to say here)  AND EVEN THE SECRET ROOM!Still it proofs to be a challange like Issac on the higher levels, as far as i can see for now. I´m still far from actually getting in the middle of the game. i just explored the first floor of its content..."
,Recommended,308420,13618042,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Yvershek,Reminds of Hexen without all the BS. Fantastic game and great for if you're so busy you can only play a little at a time.
76561198031257933,Recommended,308420,13627222,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,FluxDelux,"Great, addictive gameplay."
,Recommended,308420,13569721,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Cool Penis,SPELLBOOKS ARE SHOTGUNSSPELLBOOKS ARE SHOTGUNSSPELLBOOKS ARE SHOTGUNS
,Recommended,308420,13570291,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,MxMark™,The best first person roguelike i've ever played. Lots of variety and doesn't get boring after a while. For the players that love a challenge i highly recommend it.
,Recommended,308420,13571088,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,@ClydeFrog,"Excellent Rogue-like! Beautiful graphics, fast paced gameplay and lots of fun!"
,Recommended,308420,13572903,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,StarPooper,"If you like games like DOOM or Serious Sam or Binding of Isaac, YOU will love this game. It requires alot of concentration,skill and calmness to not throw your Controll device out of the Window. It is frustrating if you die on a stupid mob but even more frustrating to die against a Boss when he's nearly dead but you will keep trying, until you killed the goddamn Boss that killed you over 500 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ times. Overall, buy this game. Its awesome. Trust me."
76561198017664393,Recommended,308420,13572300,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,user05061981,"OMGWTFBBQ.This game is a roguelite first person shooter with very solid gameplay. If you like oldschool shooters like Doom, Quake,    Heretic then this game is for you. Replay value is high because of the randomized floors, items, and upgrades from leveling your wizard. 10/10░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀"
,Recommended,308420,13672588,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DeMaShi! Satananas,"This is the best first person ruguelike game I ever played. It´s not so much about luck, more about skill. I have had a lot of fun so far and I will spend much more hours with this great game!"
,Recommended,308420,13655664,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DrSanity,"This game is amazing nearly everything about this game is great it has cool looking characters and the weapons are unique they even have some amount of physics which I wasnt expecting. Also MAGIC I love magic so if you like magic interesting weapons random dungeons cool looking enemys...carrots, and boss fights then get this game.... and this game reminds me of paranautical activity before it was removed from steam so those of you who have played it its a little bit like that"
,Recommended,308420,13661541,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zeribi,This is a wonderful game. It's fast-paced and fun everytime i play it. i would recommend buying this work of art.
76561198044012546,Recommended,308420,13820637,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ape,Awesome. It's got the thump and pacing of hexen. People keep saying it cos it's true. It's unfestooned by trivialties and keeps you coming back for more.
,Recommended,308420,13820946,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Esko,Tons of fun! Great addition to the new resurgence of the 'roguelike' genre!
,Recommended,308420,13859005,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,fr0punk,Just an awesome mashup of genres.  Who doesn't want to play an FPS Fantasy Roguelike Dungeoncrawler?
76561198063624929,Recommended,308420,13873787,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Frost E. Bear,Makes you feel like a real mage!By far one of the best on Steam. No level is the same as the other. Weapons/magic is all different. The little extras are enough to make you play for months. And the most fun challenge you'll ever have.
,Recommended,308420,13878821,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,SolStrike,plz make online CO-OP
,Recommended,308420,13879721,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Shizzlebot,"A great rogue-like with decent replayability. The game plays very smooth, graphics and sounds are well made and fighting the final boss always makes my heart pump faster.That said, once you have completed the game and defeated the final boss, there is not much more to really look forward to. Still it's a great game and for a good price too!"
,Recommended,308420,13615611,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Matt,FUN.
,Recommended,308420,13886961,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,brdg,Really addictive. FPS roguelike... similar to BoI in terms of item/character unlocks and randomized rooms/drops/bossesInteresting monsters. Has something better than orcs and dragons: evil carrots. Dynamic level-up system with a billion possible perks.
76561198019536541,Recommended,308420,14307368,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Noble Duke of Pie,"Very nice. Could use a bit more content. Would like it if the alternate fires were in fact alternate fires, not just powered up versions. More defensive spells, scrolls, and alchemy."
,Recommended,308420,14283284,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Onionike,"It's a tough game, but very fun! I don't like roguelikes, but I really like Ziggurat!"
,Recommended,308420,14287280,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,pr1mary_c1l1um,"It's a less serious, Rogue-like Painkiller.  Best randomized FPS I've played - more fun than Eldrich, Tower of Guns, and Heavy Bullets.  Looks significantly better than all those too.Improvement in Ziggurat mostly comes from learning the best strategies for each enemy type and learning room layouts.  New bonuses are unlocked by playing and dying, but I can't say any of them were especially helpful to me - the final boss is really the only place I had much trouble."
,Recommended,308420,14406154,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Zanagoth,"A solid magic-based FPS that truly deserves the moniker of roguelike gameplay. If you enjoy games like Serious Sam or Doom, and are cozy with the idea of a mage doing the same thing, this game is incredibly fun. With major luck elements alongside unforgiving enemies that can tear you apart if you're not careful, Ziggurat has kept me coming back for more.Bossfights bring incredible pressure to the table, and can be incredibly easy or impossible to beat depending on what weapons the game has chosen to gift or curse you with. The arsenal of the game is also staggeringly huge; no playthrough is ever the same as the previous one.With a permadeath feature, expect to start new characters... a lot. But trust me, you'll gladly jump right back into the fray to face the danger with a smile every time."
76561198003707561,Not Recommended,308420,14259412,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,igrekus,"This game started out as a good roguelike should: many types of weapons, lots of enemies requiring different approach, well-made random generation, neat item system, engaging character progress.I loved that and prepared for what I like the most in roguelikes: frustration, countless deaths and that awesome feeling of satisfaction the moment I beat the game.And after beating five or six levels the game tells me: ""That's all, you win.""I felt betrayed.While this game is a fun and addicting, it's just too short for my tastes in roguelikes. I'm aware, there's Endless mode, but without a definite goal of beathing the game I just don't feel motivated to make a run through it.This game does not deserve a negative review, I just would not recommend buying it for the full price.tl;dr: too short for that price."
76561197998999984,Recommended,308420,14606097,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,cmart82,Great game. The best FPS rogue lite there is at the moment!
76561197998135136,Recommended,308420,14609351,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,PhoenixDown Rostigt,6/10Game is amusing for a while but gets boring after a while due to the fact of constant gameplay.Recommended for players who enjoy consistancy
76561198115973283,Recommended,308420,14460860,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ruubsoft,a FUN FPS wifh EXTREAMLY fast sprinting and a long durabilityits better than what ign makes cod out to be (what cod is not)(btw those guys that shoot red♥♥♥♥♥♥at you at extream high rates and speed are kind of op)
,Recommended,308420,14539198,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Dirtius,"A fast paced, FPS roguelike with some light RPG elements thrown in the mix.  Overall the game is excellent with only a few complaints to be had.Pros:-Excellent pacing.-Old school feeling, mostly.  Very fast movement.  Twitch aiming.-Each playthrough is slightly different.-Multiple difficulty levels with an endless mode.-Good deal of unlockables.-Developers are still adding content to the game post release, for FREE.Cons:-Cannot sprint while strafing.  While this makes sense from a realistic approach to human movement, the movement model in this game is anything but realistic.  For a person that grew up on old school shooters, this is slightly annoying.-Trap rooms are repetitive.-Some of the specialist classes have 50% of the HP of the starting class.  While good for a challenge, the perks they get are not worth losing that much HP.All in all this game is great fun, and well worth the price of admission.  I've played it through a few times now and I don't plan on stopping yet."
,Recommended,308420,14567587,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Dipso,"Lovely gem of a game! Its a doom/hexen type game with fast paced action, but with rouge-like generated maps and progression with permadeath thrown into the mix. Great way to kill a few hours (and a few carrots)."
,Recommended,308420,14751805,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Kylar,"great game, 10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,308420,14742462,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Miljan Dallas,Instant Classic.
76561198032317640,Recommended,308420,15993400,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,grislexian,"A rogue-like FPS reminiscent of classic FPS's Hexen or Doom.  Progress room-by-interconnected-room through randomly generated dungeons, gaining random buffs as you kill monsters.  Dungeons have only 5 levels by default, but there's also an “endless” mode.Fun, but most fights are just kiting or strafing exercises.Plenty of peeves.The unpredictable and altogether fickle nature of the random buffs causes difficulty to range from trivial to near-impossible.A square room on the map may actually be an L- or T-shape in-game.In-game “secrets” include crass promotion of the publisher's other games, though these can be avoided once you recognize them."
,Recommended,308420,16033572,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,subLiminAl thouGhts,"It's a FPS roguelike that is fun while I think I'm going to beat it this time, and maddening when I realize I'm not going to get past floor 2. But I still choose to play again.It's always different, and keeps changing as I keep unlocking perks and toons. Game rolls that are going nowhere take less than 30 minutes to lose, so it isn't that painful of a time sink.I've played about 4 hours and I'm just getting to floor 3, where the game ""really starts"". Like FTL, I'm hoping to win eventually..."
76561198042236277,Recommended,308420,16061092,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,MrMainstream,You shoot magic from your hands at crazed carrots.10/10
76561198003071919,Recommended,308420,16087668,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Geitz,"Ziggurat is a first-person, rogue-lite with a randomly generated dungeon in which you control a wizard armed with spells, staves, and alchemical armaments. With a large variety of perks to choose from with each level up and the many different weapons available to you this game has a high level of replayability.The gameplay consists of twitch-action shoot and dodge battles that occur as you explore each floor of Ziggurat. The movement and aiming of this game are very tight. It feels good to move around both in and out of combat. There are many different weapons available, each functions in a unique way which allows you to find those which fit your playstyle. A complete run on normal takes anywhere from 40 to 60 minutes with the ability to save and drop out at any time. Easy is not too challenging, normal is a good, solid challenge, and hard mode is a case of ""painful.... but in a good way.""The artstyle is in a gothic style with wrought iron, cobbled stone works, and stone statues. Each room is interesting to look at but also influence combat tactics. Having stairs, pillars, and other objects to dodge around causes you to have to adjust to best deal with the type of enemies you are battling.The music for the game is alright but I found I turned it down after a couple playthroughs. It isn't that the music is bad but that it is repetitive with the same generic soundtrack throughout the dungeon. The sound effects are solid though, each weapons' sounds help create the feeling that makes you want to use it.Milkstone studios has created a gem easily worth picking up and playing with the addition of Ziggurat."
76561198089501075,Recommended,308420,15921962,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Neuhnee,It's like Heretic and Painkiller had a roguelike lovechild and gave it Baby's First Skill Tree.
,Recommended,308420,15922097,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mr. Mojo Risin',"After finally beating the final floor boss for the first time, I can safely say for sure that this is easily among the best games of the past year.  When you're not being decimated by killer carrots, you'll quickly realize that the many weapons this game has are really fun to use and kill things with.  Nothing's more satisfying than zapping kobolds with a Tesla coil or killing slimes that look more like Pac-Man ghosts with porcupine bombs.  Being a rogue-lite, expect just about everything that is just about everything to be randomized, in the style of games like Binding of Issac.  It also caters towards fans of oldschool FPSes like DOOM and Heretic, where the only way to win is kill everything in sight and make sure you're still alive at the end.  I'd seriously recommend buying it if you're a fan of killing carrots, rogue-lite FPSes, and a tough but fair challenge.  If only there was multiplayer..."
,Recommended,308420,15908963,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,R-Tune,"This game is never the same twice.  Characters unlock as you progress, some perks you keep and some you loose when you die. This game will be a classic in the future."
76561197980265000,Recommended,308420,15824576,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Scary Terry,"Cannot recommend this game enough, but terrible at doing reviews.You get to shoot killer carrots. Enough said.10/10."
,Recommended,308420,14045352,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,sho vagine,Best game I've bought this year
76561198086018347,Recommended,308420,12980131,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Tsilliev,"I like the game, you can see what the game is about from the description, I am happy that the developers are making really quick updates, and also they listen to the average players, literary, you can suggest a perk, the developer will add it if it sounds good, I have suggested 10 perks, it will be really fun to see in game when I level and see my own perk there, and also if players dont like something, the develepor is always welcome to make changes.You may think that right now with only 5 floors to play its kinda small, but know that around tomorrow 11/17/14, endless mode will be added (already playing it in the beta) and practically you will have infinite floors to conquer, and not only that, but as already you know, the more times you die the more perks,weapons,amulets you unlock so they can help you along the way and as I already said developers are adding user content as we speak.10/10 from me."
,Recommended,308420,13155584,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,pickle rikc,"If you can cope with the graphics and field of view, this game is amazing."
76561198052409893,Recommended,308420,12866803,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,WholeHawk,Best first-person roguelite out there at the momentLooks goodPlays smoothlyTons and tons of replayability
,Recommended,308420,13133873,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Stoic,"Fast, fluid, classic FPS action mixed with a rogue like progresion with plenty of traits and characters. Such a great value at this price."
76561197977535275,Recommended,308420,13025739,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Kaylexandria,"Hexen/Doom as a rogue-like/lite, very polished, wish I had known about this when it was early access, def would have supported it. Got this yesterday and then there was a content update the next day, so bonus there.Edit: Game fixes, new items/weapons/room designs keep coming each week.  Very impressed by this company.  Hope to see some new dungeons/monsters/bosses later on as well."
76561198034359747,Recommended,308420,15219037,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,rootsrwx,"Finally. We're finally given control over afastcharacter in a FPS game! I haven't tasted this sweet taste of crazy intense shooter for many years. This lack of fast paced action was so dreary with me, that I could only play Doom2 without utter disgust. To hell with those realistics-ballistics, one-bullet kill machine guns and crippled snail-moving legless characters, which cannot aim properly on the move and mid-air.If you value good old fast actions (e.g. Doom2, Heretic, Pain Killer, Serious Sam), you have no choice but plunge in Ziggurat and fight fiercely and mindlessly to the last breath. And it's rogue-like also! Perma-death is what original FPS like Doom were missing. Now it's fixed, and you're going to struggle your heartbeat when approaching the end! Big stakes, big pleasure.Things that make me happy about this game:+ Perma-death and the resulting excitement.+ Diverse monsters. Some run after you, some shoot homing projectiles, some bombard you from above. I just love shielded skeletons.+ Character development (choose skills from random selection).+ Most bosses are tough and are fun to fight against.+ Many weapons, skills and (sometimes) an amulet; spawned randomly, can't carry everything, have to choose. Can only carry 3 weapons of different types (the 4th weapon - wand - is default, can't be changed and isn't much fun to use). After each playthrough more items are unlocked. The list is formidable.+ Unlockable characters with predetermined powers and weaknesses. Not only combinations of weapons give a very high replayability value; multiply that value by characters' imposed gameplay tactics variety. Succeeding in the end is not only a matter of merely good shooting; you should also concoct a viable character with a suitable pack of tools.+ Obelisk encounters with infinitely respawned monsters. I would stay there for hours!+ The feeling when you succeed. Remarkable! And really rewarding. Haven't heard the heart pump for years. Can't say this about most of the games.Things that stop me from declaring Ziggurath best arcade FPS ever:- Can't save and quit instantly; not even between fights. Saving (with a quit of course) is only allowed after level completion. Suppose I have other things to do, should I ruin the whole playthrough? Hibernate? I might need the PC's resources, someone in my family might need it. That's messy.- Many weapons are very boring to wield, e.g. with homing capabilities. There isn't much practice to shoot moving targets with precise aim. Monsters are either swarming around or move very slowly; usually it's enough to shoot blindlessly in the middle and watch the pieces fly apart. I really really miss railgun action ;(- ""Demon"" type of enemy is badly overpowered, imho. It's direct atacks are unavoidable, hit hard and impair your vision. If you take cover, demons bombard you with missiles, which flank your cover from 2 sides (!) and do splash damage. They are also the tankiest among regular mobs. During the final battle they definitely give me much more damage than the boss himself, and the outcome of the whole battle mostly depends on how much demons are spawned and how often. The final fight should either have demons rebalanced, or health potion drops allowed.- The worst thing about Ziggurat, is that you have to quickly pick all dead bodies for XP points, because all items dissapear in time. If you're not meticuluos about those XP crystals, you'd end up seriously underlevelled and eventually beaten. This kills 90% of fun for me, because all attention is shifted tocollecting, rather thanaction performing. You can't shoot on sight, you can't concentrate on killing, you shouldn't wreak havoc, you shouldn't fire at a distant enemy, however high priority you would assign to it. Instead, you should concentrate onhow convenient it would be to pick bodies. Thus you should hoard monsters and dispatch them in one place, you should repeatedly run in circles to collect items, you should preserve distant monsters, you should stupidly run through their ranks when there are many dead bodies among them (the health potions among other drops will payoff), etc. Doesn't it remind you something? Yeah,Alien shooter. Had the same feeling, when plunged in the middle of the crowd to collect something crucial. Doesn't feel too strategical; just dumb, repeating and enforced. The pleasant exception are boss fights and obelisk encounters - there are no XP drops during those.- Some rooms are too tight. You know, unavoidable damage, unloading your ammo at point blank distance, dough... Thrilling it might be, but there is no grace, no tactics. Cram and rush.- The vast variety of weapons and skills actually make yourodds to win much less as you unlock them. What??? I shouldn't progress? The more the choice, the less probability to build your character as you intended, with focused skills and appropriate weapon(s), corresponding to that skills selection. From the vast pool you're only given a couple items to choose from (yes, I know about Bookworm, but it doesn't change things dramatically), and none of those choices might suit your character plan. I played acrobat character, when I completed the game first time. Luckily I got Twilight staff and the corresponding skill, increasing green ammo. With each playthrough (regardless of success) the chances of a viable character build are ever decreasing.I would forgive everything, but not that race for XP crystals over dead bodies. Hunting for an ammo replinish or a critical health potion is another thing completely. But collectingeach dead body in a limited timeis not what I sought after in such a game of a gun talk."
76561198026870633,Recommended,308420,15238614,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Pear Pressure,"So simply put, if you like rogue-like dungeon crawling, fast paced first person shooters and looting, then this game is a must. Incredible gameplay, many abilities and weapons, large variety of enemies and awesome bossfights."
,Recommended,308420,14792916,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,LittleLuigi737,Best Roguelike FPS out there right now easily.
,Recommended,308420,14793390,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ezelkir,"Ziggurat is fast, brutal, and unforgiving; it's also pretty, well made, and fair.+ Easy to pick up, fun, addictive+ Looks pretty good: nice art direction, legible action, never messy+ Tough but fair: if you suck, you'll die, if you rock, you'll die too, but later+ Great learning curve: the more you play, the better you get, the farther you get, the more new powers you unlock+ Not frustrating when you die (you still get rewarded)+ Packed with contents: every game offers a surprise (new power, new weapon, different room / trap / monster / boss)+ While some tunes are frankly epic, ...- ... some others are pretty forgettable- Not so amazingly written, story is bland- Feeling of the wand is unsatisfyingZiggurat is hardcore but it's never unfair. You can indeed get unlucky, but if you're skilled enough there's always a way out - and if you die it's okay, you'll do better next time.The game is polished, sincere in the experience it wants to offer, and packed with surprises and things to discover.8/10. Play it!"
,Recommended,308420,14893944,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,BoR5cHt dYn4mITe,is gud!
76561197993362126,Recommended,308420,15042177,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,IFR,"I'm going to reccommend this one...but I'm really on the fence about it. I'm hoping I just have horrible luck with drops and upgrades...but the more I play, the more I think the random drop system either really sucks or is broken.Graphics are awesome. Controls are simple and easy to get used to...really not different than a typical FPS.The maps are generated at random, giving you a false sense of hope that maybe, just maybe, the drops will be different. It's the typical carrot on a stick, and it's midly maddening. Thankfully you can kill that damned carrot...literally. You will die, and you will do it often. On the plus side, by dying and killing stuff, you will get items that can be drawn at leveling up, or will drop from chests or appear at a new level. Altogether fun...but random, and there's the segway for my gripe.1st 4 times I played the game I died inside of 2 rooms. The 5th time I beat the game and barely got a scratch. I've since played/died 50 times (just got the ach) and have gotten above the 2nd floor maybe 4 times. Everything about this game is random, which is cool, if I didn't constantly see the same items and upgrades ad nauseum.It really feels like items and gear are not only random, but have Common, uncommon, and ""you'll never see this"" flags on the random generation. I've gotten an amulet 4 times: 3 of those times, it was the same amulet. Same with spells...fire or frost, although I have about 5 of them unlocked. Same with stavess and upgrades...oh don't get me started about upgrades...I get some of the same ones over and over, even within one game.This kills it being randomly generated for me. The game is fun, and its not like a ton is invested to each game, so after 2-5 games I can rage quit and pick it up later, secretly hoping to see something new, and almost always walking away dissapointed. If this is the case, I really hope they fix the lack of randomness. If its just me, then not only am I unlucky, but I guess I'm a whiney baby aswell. I can't hate too much though as I'll still go try to kick the football again. and again, then maybe one more time, but that's it - I swear.Helpful tip: If the zoom-when-fire annoys you as much as it did me, remove it from the mouse keybindings. As default mouse 1 is bound to fire AND zoom, so unbind zoom and then you won't feel like a 90 year old squinting every time you want to unload on an enemy."
,Recommended,308420,15281041,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Dobs,Really well done Roguelike Shooter. The amount of content for the price is just right.If you like fast paced shooters you can just pick up and play for a while you will like this as well!
76561198141011195,Recommended,308420,15148069,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Efan0,"I bought this game a while ago after watching Totalbiscuits review. At first I wasnt really into it, but recently it has me playing it again and again. If you like a game that has constant replay value and has a degree of challenge, I reccomend Ziggurat.Also the recent save and quit anywhere update is really nice for when, life gets in the way of playing games."
,Recommended,308420,15165059,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,slim9er,Every time I play this game I think I must have forgotten its birthday or something.It always seems to be mad at me.I know it's mad because it will spawn enough enemies to make my framerate plummet from 60 to 15 instantly.
,Recommended,308420,15203231,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Jellii,"This game is fantastic. It runs smoothly on any computer/operating system; face-paced, and you get extremely hooked onto it, and before the whole save & quit beta/update was released that was alittle trouble-some. There are different kind of weapons, the usage of potions/how you regain health was done wisely. As I stated before great game, and for a fair price I think especially since it's always being updated for our benefits. :D"
76561197976065872,Recommended,308420,15170665,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Time_Lord,"Look at the total time I've played this game. I've only played two games (in 20+ years) over 100+ hours.Yes, it's that good."
,Recommended,308420,14434818,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,lordREVAN,"This is one of the most fun games I've ever played. I love playing to grind and beat my previous best or just to casually play for a quick session. I've found I love playing it while on lengthy phone calls. The game is fun enough to where I could play and talk for hours and not notice, but simple enough to where I can focus on the call. If you don't own this gamr, you're seriously missing out. (Also shoutout to Jim Sterling for his video that got me interested in the first place)."
76561197968303405,Recommended,308420,14320553,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,bnutbutter,"Can't stop playing this game, must try once more!"
,Not Recommended,308420,13821449,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,KlawSin,A very tough and challenging game.Looks very nice and runs very smooth.A problem that I have with it so far is that every run feels the same to me.Another thing is that it feels like it takes a long time too. When i play Binding of Isaac or Tower of Guns I dont feel like this game is taking forever. With this game I find myself to get very tired very quick.All in All a decent game with great graphics. If you enjoy games like Tower of Guns or Paranautical Activity you will enjoy this game a bit.
,Recommended,308420,13576747,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Game Psych,"Yes, Yes, so many kinds of Yes!!!I haven't had this much fun since I played Rogue Legacy.The only thing that could make this better is a Co-op mode. That's it. Perfection."
,Recommended,308420,14333812,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Telarius,"A roguelike FPS with procedural dungeons, offering a great deal of replayability.  I'm rather lacking when it comes to most FPS games so I haven't gottten very far, even on easy.  Regardless, it is defintely one of those games I intend to come back to.  Price-wise, it is quite reasonable and worth adding to one's library."
,Recommended,308420,14333955,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Cokemaster0,This game has great things going for it! Fast-paced action along with some Rpg elements thrown in. It is always fun to sit down for 45 minutes while murdering some bosses!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRwZbmXhCpY&list=PLytEgvIm3R6Q3TtPIwAKzxMGtlcV8X7_B
,Recommended,308420,14334797,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Traverse,binding of isaac but fps version. 10/10 would bang
,Recommended,308420,14173700,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zauber Paracelsus,"The game was pretty fun at first, though I found that it quickly got tedious and repetitive.  The playthroughs are over too quickly, and there isn't enough variety in the dungeons and mobs to keep the game interesting.  The variety of weapons you get does keep things interesting for a little while, but not enough to counteract the lack of variety in other areas.Would I recommend Ziggurat?  Yeah, for most people I would.  But if you're looking for a game with more depth, I'd recommend looking elsewhere."
76561198122475735,Recommended,308420,14177162,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,mekeay,This game is good if you love carrots.  If you don't its still good.
,Recommended,308420,16372661,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Enigmatical,"Really entertaining game that reminds me a lot of Painkiller meets Hexen.  It's a Rogue-like with randomized dungeons and a random assortment of weapons/perks.  You start at Level 1 and progress until you die, simple as that.One thing I really like is that I can stop my game at any time and return to it, so I can do a dungeon map, beat the boss, and come back later to keep pushing."
,Recommended,308420,16373061,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,soontaru,"Ziggurat is a solid game. Think Doom meets The Binding of Isaac. There's enough variety in the level-up perks, random room effects, character selection, room generation and mapping to make for dozens of hours of entertainment, if you don't get bored of the weapons and enemies first - they're all variations on a handful of themes. That being said, the audio is good and the visuals are absolutely on point. The story is thin but unobtrusive, which I think is appropriate for this genre - it makes the gameplay the star.  If you're interested after looking at the store page, you should definitely pick it up, especially if it's on sale."
76561197985073438,Recommended,308420,16373774,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,7./JG26_Goat,"Lots of fun to be had here.  Very reasonably priced for this level of quality.  Runs smoothly, easy to figure out, and a lot of fun.If you liked being a mage in Skyrim, you will also like this game.  Some silliness when giant carrots start chasing you around."
,Recommended,308420,16374073,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Malificarr,"It feels like a roguelike Hexen from the 1990s only with modern graphics.This is a good thing! Ziggurat plays really well, is highly enjoyable and serves as an unfortunate reminder of how bad my FPS reflexes are now. It's fun. Play it!"
,Recommended,308420,16375826,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,P I Я A Q U E,like Binding of Isaac but first person with less demonic content and more magic.
,Recommended,308420,16309967,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Raindrops,"Great game, fun 3D dungeon crawler"
,Recommended,308420,16310223,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Tediak,"Binding of Isaac and Hexen slash fiction.  Not amazing, but scratches an itch."
,Recommended,308420,16357702,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,linuxbruiser,Works good in GNU/Linux (Kubuntu 14.04 64-bit). Very much worth it.
,Recommended,308420,16349441,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Griodrio,This is sparta!!!! i mean this is nice and not really complicatedbut it will be more fun if I can play it multiplayer :D
76561198065175434,Recommended,308420,16151030,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Picnic,"Fast, precise gameplay with good selection of weapons. Its what I like from a shooter."
,Recommended,308420,16211735,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Olyptico,good game fun game awesome game entertaining game cool game extravagant game
76561198085866441,Recommended,308420,16212771,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,anunknownplayer,got killed by angry carrots.
,Recommended,308420,16398290,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DethBoxx,Fun stern but fair
,Recommended,308420,16387818,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Phenolphthalein,"In my opinion this is the best looking and funnest roguelite arena shooter out there. Movement is really quick and smooth, and there is enough variety in characters, weapons, and enemies that games don't become the same thing over and over again. There are a few glitches and bugs that took me out of it. After about 6 hours of gameplay, I fell through the world, and had to finish that game right then and there. Also, there is one specific room in the game that tanked my fps, which went from 50-80 on most rooms on Medium settings to <20 fps. I've tried changing between all of the quality settings, and the issue was still there, so it must be something specific to the room rather than my graphics settings."
,Recommended,308420,16325995,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) SeniorChildren,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game
76561198062458713,Recommended,308420,16326362,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Novea,"Surprisingly well-made and a lot of fun.  Wished there was more variety in the perks and weapons, but I know I have barely started to unlock them.  Decent replay value."
,Recommended,308420,16326833,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mog_Spawn,"I am not exactly sure how to explain the joy that first hit me when loading this game up for the first time. From the hard as nails enemies to the depth of play and unique character development (imagine ""Rogue Legacy"" like unlocks). This game has changed my attitude toward single player campaign missions! With a variety of weapons and a pace that is beyond thrilling, Ziggurat is a MUST HAVE for the twitch shooter fan!"
,Recommended,308420,16330201,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,coolguysimmons,Got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by carrots 10/10
76561197983241416,Recommended,308420,16340485,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Goodtime Goodboy,"If you put The Binding of Isaac in the same room as Hexen and Doom and let them have a lengthy discussion over fine drink while marathoning the Harry Potter movies then Ziggurat would be the result. Roguelike classic FPS with a high magic setting and a ridiculous number of enemies. Unlock better drops and alternate characters the more you play, even if you fail.A LOT of fun. Seriously, this was a huge, pleasant surprise for me. If I had a complaint it would be that the game is too short- I reached the ending on my fourth run, due to some lucky drops- but there is still PLENTY to do after seeing the end, and always the possibility of more content in future patches or DLC- which, seriously, I would love.Recommended for fans of first-person shooters, roguelikes, and unsettling vegetables."
76561197985972131,Recommended,308420,16344251,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,eaglefootball07,Normally not a huge fan of roguelikes and permadeath... but this game is just so fast paced and pure action that it's really fun. Well worth a few bucks!
,Recommended,308420,16346470,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,HappyAccidents,This game is absolutely fantastic 10/10.-The soundtrack is perfect-I LOVE the breakneck pace-Beatiful graphics-Hella Fun
,Recommended,308420,16318366,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,DewzDrop,This is by far the best dungeon crawler i have played. It has smooth graphics and is fun throughout every single level. 10/10
,Recommended,308420,17092547,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,corry.hewitt,i would definitly recommend this game to anyone who likes dungeon crawling games.i think this game is very good but adding multiplayer to it would make it amazing!
76561198035989471,Recommended,308420,17094558,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Clownfish,"A simple yet complex arcade wizard shooter that takes fantasy elements and puts them into a game that is challenging and story rich but may have slight frame rate drops on lower end computers.8/10 Like a game of dungeons and dragons but its just you, sad I know. -Clownfish"
,Recommended,308420,12688936,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,KRocca,"Great game, graphically appealing,  Lost of replay value.  Tons of unlocks, lots of cool spells and weapons to use."
,Recommended,308420,12690845,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,HeatBox,"Excellent enemy, weapon, and unlockable variety. It's certainly very challenging, I struggle on even the normal difficulty (or maybe i'm just bad) Best game of it's genre i've played. I'm also a fan of the aesthetic. The random generation keeps it interesting. Best of all, it's cheap! I'd suggest you pick up this title. I certainly haven't regretted it."
,Recommended,308420,12839048,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Açylus,"It's a very fast game, heavy on the punishments, even for normal (Like where is all the health, honestly). Other than that, this is actually a decent game. (It even has a FOV slider!!!1111).If you like fast first person shooters with roguelike elements and punishing gameplay, you should play this."
76561197993264910,Recommended,308420,12844173,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Blu Raccoon,"This is a fantastic game. I am not a fan of rogue-lites (like Binding of Issac) because the combat mechanics tend to be an afterthought in comparison to the design of randomly generated items and rooms. The developers of Ziggurat clearly focused on gameplay in equal measure to every other aspect of the game design, which makes this the most fun and exciting rogue-lite I have ever played. The FPS design feels like shooters from the late 90s and early 2000s that favoured unrealistic but interesting mechanics. The upgrades are card based and remind me of the system from Dragon's Crown. A great game that rogue-lite and non rogue-lite fans will both enjoy."
,Recommended,308420,12738923,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Þ,"Pro: Reminds me of all the fun I had playing hectic, fast-paced shooters like Hexen as a teenager.Con: Reminds me how much worse I am at FPS games as an old man.Verdict: I died a lot but mostly enjoyed doing so. Worth a buy on sale."
76561198062190857,Recommended,308420,12734273,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Spikely,"7/10 ~ Fantastic game. Would like to see WAY more enemies, different rooms, and different weapons though."
,Recommended,308420,12738125,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,The essence of a rogue like game. This game is amazing it has it all. You need to get this game. Playthrough is normally pretty fast. Gameplay is solid and graphics are great. The item system is awesome. The only thing is the jumping/parcour is horrible. Great game besides that though.
76561197975567214,Recommended,308420,12617286,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Scrutinizer,"It isn't a very long game, a game can be played slowly and won in less than 90 min.  I'd say comparing to the price of seeing a movie vs. how long I've enjoyed it that it is worth the price.If you can't circle strafe this game will very difficult."
,Recommended,308420,12719840,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,WoollySMASH,"While it isn't a long game it has loads of replayability. I really wasn't sure about this title until I watched the Total Biscuit gameplay video and something about it captured my interesting. After playing three hours and beating it on normal after numerous attempts I know exactly why I like it... to me this is a first person dunegon crawler but at an arcade pace. I can see this becoming my go to game for when I need something fast paced and immediately engaging.To me it is a very solid 7, and I would have given the game more if the story was a bit more in depth and there were more levels. I would really like to see this dev team churn out a squeal to this game but include all the classic dungeon crawling classes to the mix.TL;DR : Fun gameplay, great style, and great ideas...  but the lack of levels is definitely a con."
76561197979934027,Recommended,308420,12707710,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Deadly Intent,"I was first attracted to this game because of its seeming similarity to Heretic and Hexen. Certainly the comparison is there, but the random factor of this game makes it a much more compelling experience. The reason is that, in the hoary titles of my youth, I would often Learn my way through a level. I would die, reload, proceed a bit further, die, then reload again, and by the end of a level I would have it memorized.In Ziggurat, the randomization completely negates this. It is like being in Heretic/Hexen heaven, each new level is completely different experience. This is helped greatly by the variety of monsters that are sent against you, and the need to constantly adjust tactics to the new environment/monster-combinations.All of this, and when I finally managed to beat the boss, I found whole new monsters on level 2! Brilliant!I think that eventually, I will reach the end of what the games algorithm can throw at me, but I know that by then I will have more than gotten my money's worth of entertainment out of Ziggurat, so I am content."
,Recommended,308420,12730558,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,birdvsworm,"This is an awesome game for people that enjoy Roguelike titles. It's an FPS, and depending on how you choose to play, it can take a while or take no time at all. Since when you die, you're dead, it's over. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It's a rogueLITE in the sense that you do not retain upgrades/levels/experience/anything, but you do unlock upgrades that can be used in later runs. I equate this game to something more akin to, say, a first-person Rogue Legacy game, without the vertical element. The game does have some pretty simple trap rooms, treasure rooms, sacrifice rooms, pretty much all of it is there. The controls are great, and the only thing I wish I could fix is the perspective. It seems like I'm playing a 2-foot dwarf.Awesome game, and definitely worth a buy if you're into Roguelikes, and not the frustrating ones."
76561198041216720,Recommended,308420,12744507,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,j.cop,"Pro:- It´s fun!- fast and challenging- easy to learn- ""special"" rooms with effects, traps, bonuses...Con:- Saving only allowed AFTER a complete level (this could be done better, see e.g. Dungeon of the Endless)- Abandon game is necessary to quit, when you´re in between a level (only option is save at the end of the level)- Only 5 Levels, game is made for multiple runs with different perks/setups"
76561198004787167,Recommended,308420,12747161,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ShawnieBoy,"If it wasn't on offer, I probably wouldn't have got it, but glad I did.Doom-style 'run-backwards-and-shoot-stuff' FPS rogue-like with torchlight-style graphics. You start with next to nothing on each run, with RNG giving you new spells/abilities as you play. However, unlocking anything requires you dying, once you've completed a level (or completing all 5 random levels) for the next run.Can get a bit samey, but it's already had a new enemy added, and I'm hoping beyond hope that Workshop support in included as that will give a whole wealth of possibilities.Keeps me entertained anyway"
,Recommended,308420,12683706,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,lazycrypt,"A fun first person magic shooter rogue like/lite. The game has a very nice esthetic that is kind of similar to Heretic. Gameplay is fast paced and challenging. And not to forget, screw carrots."
76561198044196894,Recommended,308420,12684963,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Kill4tehthrill,"Great game! Not too big of a fan for the genre normally, but this game makes me keep comming back."
,Recommended,308420,13591291,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,✪JAKE PAUL,"Amazing game, dank graphics! Smooth menus and no annoyingness! I don't think I'll ever play COD again"
,Recommended,308420,13591557,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Lleeroy,One of the best games you've never played. Absolutely amazing!
,Recommended,308420,13593463,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,pungentstentch,"If you played the hell out of Hexen and Heretic, this one is for you.Best FPS with RogueLike elements, hard as hell, but rewarding. The graphics reminds me to Orc Must Die 2 engine, polished and beautiful.It runs smoothly and with awesome perfomance on Linux. Particulary, my game of the year."
,Recommended,308420,13593476,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Yarhj,"Perfect game for some quick run and gun action. The procedural generation and random nature of the powerups, rooms, and bosses ensures there's lots of replayability."
,Recommended,308420,13596002,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Meglodon,"This is an FPS rogue like game but isn't super punishing with an RNG. The rogulelike elements are in the random dungeon layouts, unlockables, and permanent death. It also has scoreboards to track your progress and overall has been a ton of fun so far. Definitely recommend this one, pick it up!"
,Recommended,308420,13597129,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,迷路,"Masterfully executed blending of roguelite and oldschool FPS, Ziggurat is a diamond in the rough. Strongly recommended to fans of either genre."
,Recommended,308420,13416799,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Third Flower,"Ziggurat is one of the best fast-paced, single-player fps games I've played in years. The rogue-like elements are well incorporated, the enemies are varied, the aesthetics of the game are great and the feel of the game-play mechanics is spot on. All in all a fantastic game."
,Recommended,308420,13601215,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,420 Absolve It,"Very nice roguelike with a high amount of unique unlockable classes, items, weapons, enemies, and bosses. The ability to level up and choose perks like in an RPG is also really fun and further serves to make each playthrough truly unique.The music and the graphics as well as the art style are also very well done."
,Not Recommended,308420,13601307,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ranastasi87,"When I saw a FPS dungeon crawler, I thought it was too good to be true, but it turned out to be too true to be good. The genres just do not mix well."
,Recommended,308420,13583995,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DDDJohnny,"A very solid FPS with old school roots such as Doom, Hexen and Serious Sam with a healthy dose of current-gen Roguelike.If you're looking for an epic journey its very short on level progression (6 randomly laid out levels). But once you get to the ""end"" you'll realize its not the depth of the dungeon that counts, its the variety of weapons, abilities and characters that you will unlock progressively after each death that give this title high replayablity.While not punishingly difficult (at normal difficulty) It does in fact reward players that can master its movement mechanics and be situationally aware. You can and will get blown up if you slack off during an encounter. My only gripe is how you lose speed if you jump while sprinting a  minor issue and I got used to it quickly.Full price I would have wishlisted it and sat on it till the price dropped, but thankfully I didnt have to wait! Dont pass this up next time its on sale!"
,Recommended,308420,13585413,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Andy Journey,"If you like old-school styled shooting and have a passing interest in rogue-lites (where the game is different every time you play), Ziggurat is for you."
,Recommended,308420,13586067,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Penny Wilin',"Is actaully really good. Like if DOOM and (insert name of roguelike game here) had some crazy sex after a wild night, ziggurat may pop out 9 months later"
76561197970723297,Recommended,308420,13586333,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Levitating Kestrel,"Really good fun - feels like a cross between Doom and Heretic, with a roguelike backbone. Easy to pick-up, but quickly gets more challenging, at which point the potential uprades you've been unlocking on previous runs really start to come into their own, and make failure feel like more of a step to success than other roguelike games I've played.Even if you don't stick with it - for this price, it's worth it just to relive that old-school frantic first-person shooter vibe for a while."
76561197997726392,Recommended,308420,13576594,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ManCHOWDAH,"This game is just a lot of fun. It's pretty fast-paced when the action starts, and gives me enough old-school vibes to tickle my nostalgia-jibblies, but also has some neat little twists on the Hexen-esque gameplay, like the experience and randomization."
,Recommended,308420,13577220,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Fogo,BEST ROGULE-LIKE I'VE EVER PLAYED 8/8 !!!
76561197994090402,Recommended,308420,13578377,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Space Raven,"Fast-paced, twitchy combat... great sound... and classic FPS play with some roguelike mixed in for good measure. Plus giant monster carrots for those of you not getting enough veggies! If  you're a fan of painkiller and it's ilk, you'll likely enjoy this."
76561198080463229,Recommended,308420,13578710,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Xion,"Absolutely brilliant. Delightful mix of traditional rogue-like dungeon crawler with a fast-paced shooter. If you're tired of FPS games with soldiers, machine guns, ammo and bulletproof vests, try this one. Brings all the memories of Hexen and Heretic of yore."
76561198068093748,Recommended,308420,13579992,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DJ Beautiful Toes,"Just bought this game and i cant get enough of it, 100% worth the money!Highly suggesting to freinds and family!!!They should add a co-op/Multiplayer survival mode :D that would be da shiz"
76561198061921057,Recommended,308420,13738961,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Creall,"Real hidden gem for those that want to relieve their stress, trust me, its fun killing the carrot. LOL"
,Recommended,308420,27359869,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,I nominated this game for The “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award.I first saw this game when Vinny from Vinesauce played it on Twitch. I saw it and instantly wanted it. After that I played it for about 4 hours my first time. I highly recommend this for anyone who likes ridiculousness and randomness from their game at a fairly simple to understand level.
,Recommended,308420,27047127,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tsavoro,"Take one part arena shooter, one part roguelike, add some Hexen/Heretic nostalgia and you've got Ziggurat.Wizards have a hard life."
,Recommended,308420,27393737,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,General Zaggz,A rouge lite with the feel of classic shooters like quake
,Recommended,308420,26864715,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,- ̗̀Ninzerb ̖́-,"Overall it feels very smooth and keeps you playing by introducing new spells, characters, and abilities. It's super fun if you like dungeons, magic, and first-person gameplay."
,Recommended,308420,26876982,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ekco,"An enjoyable first person dungeon crawler.There's sufficient variety and challenges in the randomly generated maps to keep the game interesting, and while it doesn't have a campaign or story mode as such, it does have multiple characters & weapons to increase its longevity.Overall, I enjoyed the game and hope Mikestone Studios consider expanding on it with Ziggurat 2 and adding features like multiplayer.  8/10"
,Recommended,308420,27033730,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Great Grey,"I've only played this game for 2 hours and have already reached level 5. Level 5 is the last level, But I died to the boss with him having less than half health. Yet to my avail dying at the end game boss is an achivement, so I did not leave empty handed. The learning curve of this game is as simple as playing tic tac toe. If you want a game with just the goal of getting to the end and having fun or just a game to kill time this is an amazing game for that. The games' comical graphic design is also phenomenal. Trust me this is a rouge-like that does not fale to intice you to want to play for 5 more minutes. Oh and if you do buy the game, DON'T EAT THE CARROTS!"
,Recommended,308420,27023332,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Tito ""Dickman"" Dick","This is a fantastic First Person Shooter Rogue-lite game, and I would reccomend it to anyone who is a fan of games like Serious Sam and The Binding of Isaac. The gunplay is fast paced and very well balanced. You never feel like you're doomed in a fight even if you are at a disadvantage. The different weapons, perks and items you get make it feel fresh every time you play."
,Recommended,308420,26968510,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,theBENperson,This game is 24 carrot gold.
,Recommended,308420,26944377,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,degenerate,"Great game that I love coming back to again and again!This game combines rogue-like elements with a fast paced FPS style shooter.Every time you play, the dungeon you crawl through is never the same twice!Tons of different characters to play as with each a different playstyle to fit yours!"
,Recommended,308420,26950533,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dawgear,I thought this game was cool before it won an award.
76561198046150538,Recommended,308420,26987544,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JikleePrime,"I found this game while looking ""Binding of Issac"" Rogue-like games. After buying multiply games of that genre this easily became one of my favorite games to play casualy.While this game can be quite difficult at times and the sound design is lacking , this is all made up by how pretty the game is and how well the game plays.I would recommend this game for anybody looking for a enjoyable Rogue-like game"
,Recommended,308420,27016063,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,primary targert,One of only a few roguelike games that keeps me coming back.Very rich in vitamin A. Good for your eyesight.
,Recommended,308420,27602875,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bukowski,"Quick to complete, randomly generated, burn carrots and hear their screams. Lots of sprinting, jumping, and impotent wand spamming. Quality game,"
76561198036315715,Recommended,308420,27589153,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Masfresco,i cant tell you how fun this game is youll have to play it for your self and see but i will tell you always eat your veggies befor they eat you
76561198059703573,Recommended,308420,28132395,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Surprised Owl,"If you like Quake style gameplay and the thrill of a rogue like, then this title is for you!!!"
76561198029103855,Recommended,308420,12648123,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Akuma X Machina,Basically if Painkiller was a roguelike this would be it and It's amazing.
76561198006490188,Recommended,308420,13281352,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Duran,Fun game and is good one to pick up if you want a quick fps arena game with Rogue like elements. Provides a good amount of replayability as well.Graphics are decent. Sound is pretty well done along with the music. Controls handle smoothly as well.
,Recommended,308420,13290491,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Abyssal Lamprey,"Milkstone have really outdone themselves. After being a middling shovelware developer for the Xbox 360 for several years, they have created a very tight, very well crafted roguelike FPS with some genuine challenge and enough unlockable material to keep most players occupied for quite a while. On top of that, at the time of writing, MIlkstone is still consistently adding content to the game including weapons, bosses, and new character perks.My only real criticisms are that the game is a bit short--the titular ZIggurat can be completed fairly easily so long as you have the controls down and pick appropriate perks--and some of the various magical weapons are demonstrably better than others--the balance isn't quite perfect.Other than that, highly recommended. Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,308420,19277998,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,NeoGeoMVS,"very fun game... randomly generated levels,great graphics and sound too.reminds me of a 3d binding of issaac.well worth the purchase especially on sale."
,Recommended,308420,19303655,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tshafter,Fun rouge like shooter
76561198043579419,Recommended,308420,19373964,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Zodd87,"Bought it on discount and i've already logged 5h playing it. Excellent game, youll regret not getting it. Especially with Co-Op planned ."
76561197995204665,Recommended,308420,19646067,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Babel VonMunchousen,Old School fun with some new school quality of life improvements. Tons of unlocks. Fun times!
,Recommended,308420,21137113,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,snkn n gkn,its quake but with wizards so its k
76561198010442430,Recommended,308420,21240413,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,∂яιтιx ✞ 吸血鬼,And i thought dark souls was hard
76561198028183842,Recommended,308420,21561935,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,cidian,"If you grew up playing Heretic and Hexen you will enjoy the flashbacks in this game. On top of that, it's a great balance of fast paced FPS and roguelike. There is a bit of a luck factor with the weapons that you get, but overall a very fun experience with diverse classes."
76561198049441807,Recommended,308420,21478309,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Dizzy Cat,"I wasn't sure at first, but after 4 hours play and several failed attempts at completing the Ziggurat, the hooks have gone in and I keep going back for one more try.The lure for me is the unlocks... to see the different character classes and powers etc. and being as the game has a random seed at start-up, you tend to find new rooms and fresh surprises each play through. No doubt overtime the novelty will wear thin (like all things) but for now, Ziggurat remains part of my current playlist.The actual control is a little on the floaty side, but I have got used to it, after adjusting the mouse sensitivity.One has to circle-strafe a lot! So if you aren't used to this maneuvering technique - now is the time to learn.I'd say pick it up in a sale - don't expect to be blown away, but expect to be subtly charmed."
,Recommended,308420,21692215,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,OatHead (10r0),"This is a great game. I am not a fan of FPS-style games, but this one really won me over. It took me 14 or 15 playthroughs to beat the final boss, even on easy mode (the reason I don't like FPS games is because I am not good at them).Only five levels, and they are short, but this really works FOR the game vice against it. Five levels usually takes me about an hour and a half to two hours, so it is good for short sessions, or combine several playthroughs into a long session. A good variety of enemies, coupled with some of them being harder than their usual type, and also coupled with random rooms having random factors in play (like a certain weapon type using less mana, or only being able to shoot while in the air, or player+enemies taking 4x damage), keeps things somewhat fresh. Just as you start to get bored with the four basic weapons, your playthroughs unlock different versions of each one that are actually different in terms of utility (not just a direct damage increase, but homing, or distance modifiers to damage, etc.). On top of that, your playthroughs unlock different items, perk cards, and characters that all significantly affect the way your playthrough works for you.The graphics are very nice, most rogue-likes I have seen/played go with retro looks, nor so with this one.Also, I liked the ending a lot."
76561197999839135,Recommended,308420,21782303,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,PEET,"A random, fast paced, fantasy based, FPS rogue like with beautiful art, solid level design and satsfying combat... Ziggurat, where have you been all my life?"
,Recommended,308420,21896993,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Supraficial,"A fast-paced, rougelike, dungeon crawler mage game that shows similarities to The Binding of Isaac.Short Review/Story:You are to use 4 different weapons which are gained at each level to fight through the Ziggurat, which no one has survived from. Leveling up will give you perks to use to your advantage to clear rooms with ease. Each floor/game is randomly generated and every enemy has their special kinds of abilities. Bosses are trying to stop you from progressing after you get the portal key to go to the next floor, to survive the Ziggurat.Extended Review:You have 4 magic weapons to work with: Your trusty wand, spells, staves, and alchemy. Each weapon has their unique ablilities (wand differs with different characters) and has a secondary fire mode, which uses more mana, but is more powerful. Weapons also are unlocked by just playing the game and keeping up your score. Amulets, which are found rarely, gives a temporary, reusable power that will help you tons. Leveling up will give you 2 perks to choose from that either gives benefits or a curse with it, same with offering rooms, where you take your chances of giving mana or health and gaining blessings, indifferences, and curses. To fight the boss, you'll have to find a portal key that is in any random generated room and to progress to the next level. Lore scrolls help you learn about the story, but if you don't care about them, at least they give you the XP.I'd pick this game up on a sale if you're not thinking to play it that often. It is repetative, but it keeps itself moving with ramdomly generating your games."
76561198141517613,Recommended,308420,21957181,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,MorrisLH,"Whoa this game is hard. It is basically pure combat as you see in the previews. Good for a quick gaming session, but not something I'll play for hours on end. But a really well done first-person roguelike."
,Recommended,308420,21057571,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Marinarathon,"This game has helped me conquer my fear of death, by helping me experience it over and over. Not that I minded, except for when the carrots ate my face. I hate when that happens.I should mention that this is one of the slickest, most beautiful and focused shooters I've ever played. Feels a lot like when I first found Unreal Tournament or Quake 3."
,Recommended,308420,21058500,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Bird Wit a Knife,"not a big fan of Rogue-like's generally but this game super addicting.cannot stop playing it!wish it a had a bit more depth in terms of progression overall, but its really only a minor complaint considering how fun it is.got 3 copies to show my friends how good it is.hoping for a sequel at some in the future! :)"
,Recommended,308420,21038294,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,InVader,"Totally worth buying. It is very much like the old Hexen games, except the spells involve MUCH less imagination. There's really not much difference between all of them. e.g. Homing projectiles? Let's make a staff, spell and alchemic version. As such, the game is more like a regular shooter than dungeon RPG.Over time this game received a lot of updates. There are a lot more spells now, however, they still don't involve a lot of fantasy (you won't see big♥♥♥♥♥blizzard spells, or fire walls, or summoned golems, meteors...).The characters on the other hand are very interesting! A lot of them are very unorthodox! e.g. with the Vampire your attacks have lifesteal, but your life constantly drains! It puts a clock on your game and that's amazing!The Acrobat has superior movement skills and is all about staff magic. He doesn't even have a regular Wand (the starting weapon of every other character).The Bard specializes in the path of least violence (from what I can tell).The only small downside is, that these characters don't really have a unique weapon. e.g. you'd expect the Templar to be a holy, armored warrior focused on melee combat (like in Hexen). Nope, he's still mage, he still uses a wand, except the wand shoots projectiles in a cross shape (meh).All things considered, the randomness of the dungeons, enemies and loot drops makes this a very long lasting fun game. The only thing this game lacks is coop mode, so I can play with my friends. Right now it's single player only."
76561198171286999,Recommended,308420,21012684,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,✪SoAmI✪,"So good, I own it on 3 accounts, and 3 platforms."
76561198013970071,Recommended,308420,20946818,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Pizza and Muffins,"This game is a lot of fun, its fast paced, there is rpg elements, magic, tough enemies and decent visuals.  It has a pretty good replayability factor due to unlocking new items and skills.  I've had a lot of enjoyment playing Ziggurat and I am sure I will play again soon!"
76561198024183048,Recommended,308420,21003568,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MKULTRA,"Fast, gorgeous and lots of fun!  Nice unlocking system for better spells and items.This game runs super well on a mid level computer and keeps me comnig back for more psycho carrot slaughter."
,Recommended,308420,20961163,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,BreakerBlues,"A great mix between Binding of Isaac and an FPS arena shooter. Lots of characters, perks, weapons, and of course, achievements to unlock. My favorite roguelike of the handful that I've played."
,Recommended,308420,15671265,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Samurai Jack TH,I dont recommend you not to buy this game.
76561198013848877,Recommended,308420,21146001,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ɥɐɹpʞoɹǝ99,ok this isnt a game i spend a great deal of time on. then again it isnt one of those games you would.all i can say is it is a great game and here is why.there are many weapons or wands to use.the graphics are great for this game.movement doesnt feel like you have a crack full.not only do you need to survive you have to be able to jump and get to places. with that said monster are not the only thing that will kill you in this game. lava floors and rivers will make you toasty.there are even turret type things that will lay you to waist. there is even more things that will kill you but i will leave you to find those.you get power up cards that will do many things from slowing the beasties to making you stronger. inprove your weapons ect.its just one of those games you jump in and out of and have a great time no matter how long you live.
,Recommended,308420,18032953,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,duck,"""So, we take this dungeon, give you magic, and say 'Go nuts' to the player. Does that sound like a good game?"" says the creators. Simple answer, YES!"
,Recommended,308420,22079574,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Labradoodlez,"First time playing on Easy, got to the final boss, died. 10/10.This is a rogue-like FPS dungeon crawler. The action is fast, the enemies are fast, this is not a game for the faint of heart. Hours of replayability, in that you can unlock different mages (stat differences only, no actual cosmetic difference), new weapons to fill 3 of your 4 weapon slots (first slot is always your trusty wand), and the dungeons are randomized every time. Plus, even on the lowest graphical settings, the set pieces are gorgeous, and the monsters are hideous.Ziggurat is a great game that combines different genres very well; I can't recommend it enough, even though I haven't put much time into it . . . yet."
76561198150710935,Recommended,308420,14138830,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,risingleaf77,amazing it is super fun i love it worth the price
,Recommended,308420,14139246,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,PizzaDeliveryCat,"First impressions review (after about 2 hours of gameplay):I think that I will get more interested in this game as time goes on, but for right now I will still say that I enjoy it. There are three games that this game reminds me of right off the bat and those are: Hero Seige, Heavy Bullets, Heretic: Shadow of the Serpent Riders. Why those three? Hero Seige and Heavy Bullets are Roguelike games that are similar and Heretic is a classical FPS type game just like this. This setup is as though Heretic had the technology of today in order to make what they had back then. I'd say look into gameplay videos or any of that before actually considering buying it. Don't impulse buy. If you impulse buy it, even if it's at a lower price, it's not worth it if you don't enjoy it. Look into gameplay videos. I'll be doing a more in-depth review later on. This review is subject to change."
,Recommended,308420,14141237,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Burningfeetman,Arcade arena spell-tastic predictable shootem up twitch madness. Love it.
,Recommended,308420,14211202,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,SnowMew~,This game is bomb♥♥♥♥♥amazing.Just buy it and play it.
76561198025067118,Not Recommended,308420,14212409,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,RetekBacsi,"Okay, this one was a disappointment.Random generation just don't work in this. Level design -lack of- removes most of the tactics from the shooting. What remains is a Serious Sam like shootfest. But with so few health-packs, and permadeath this is not funny anymore.Well it has some masochistic fun, and it is great for a short while, but I don't recommend buying it full price."
76561197980054291,Recommended,308420,14160287,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lucius Caesar,"Overall the game is very fun, and with really nice colourful graphics. The production values are significantly higher than any other indie roguelight fps such as tower of guns, Paranautical activity and RogueShooter (which are all great games in their own right).The magical setting, with fantasy enemies and wands and spells in place of guns makes for a nice change and works surprisingly well with the quakelike gameplay.The aforementioned 'quakelike' gameplay is fast paced and feels good, shooting (or casting spells more like) and jumping all feel smoothe and accurate.What I will say is it's a little dissapointingly easy, at least on the 'normal' setting, This is the first roguelight I beat on my very first try. But with more difficulty settings and MANY unlocks to go, there's plenty of replay value and reasons to come back. Unlocks include new perks, weapons, useable items and even characters.The roguelike/roguelight FPS genre is very varied and so far, every game has enough originality to justify it's existance, Ziggurat is no exception. Hard to say if it's the best in the Genre so far, but for any fan, it needs to be in their collection."
,Recommended,308420,14160109,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lateof,"There are two things that I don't like about this game: Watch your step (slippery floor) rooms and no lights rooms. I dread those.I suck at this game even on normal difficulty, but I love it.I could imagine an ARPG (strictly action heavy, like any Diablo clone) with the same engine. Add some melee weapons, armour, etc, and long explorable dungeons. You get the idea. Devs?:)But anyway, this game is awesome and worth every penny."
76561198048184692,Recommended,308420,14164066,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ata502,"One of the most addictive games ever!!! Dungeon-Crawling First Person Shooting at its finest! Fast-paced combat! Dozens of perks, spells and enemies! Level ups! Random Dungeons! Traps! Badass bosses! Carrots! Ziggurat is the best combination of First Person Shooter and Rogue-LITE you have ever seen. THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!! (yep carrots...)"
,Recommended,308420,14164198,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Pingle,"It's fun, no two games are ever the same, which makes is interseting."
,Recommended,308420,24930960,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Jutajazz,"Alright, so I haven't played this game for too long, only 4 hours, but I'm already loving it. It's a really fast paced rogue-like, kinda reminds you of Doom and Quake by the speed and rushing through levels. Good variation between levels, enemies, game-modes, weapons (spells), builds, graphics, music and everything in between. Overall I've been searching for a game you could just play on auto-pilot, yet still feel like you have to think all the time and re-play towards something.That being said, some people might say the sprint+mouse movement is a bit iffy feeling, but it doesn't matter. Really good game, bought it on a sale, wouldn't have regreted it if it was for full price, not a lot of good FPS rogue-likes, at least not like this one for sure!Well worth the money and I am sure if you play until a certain mark and get bored, you will return to this game at some point, deffinite must!"
,Recommended,308420,29029755,Posted: 5 January,all,Tim,"My first impression was not good. Make sure you have >60 FPS, open some cards and item first before you think to uninstall this game ;)"
,Recommended,308420,24400161,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Spydie,Charming but deadly. Punishing yet addicting.This is like Heretic but Roguelike.
76561198080263894,Recommended,308420,24864320,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Daborgon,Great game if they had multi player wouls be soo freaking much better <3
76561198043764455,Recommended,308420,25973980,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,"Good Night, Ryan","It's okay. The controls are fine, the combat is fine, and it seems like there's a decent amount of content. The main flaw for me is that 90% of the game is locked behind playing it a bunch. There's a ton of characters to choose from, all sorts of weapons, upgrades, and powerups, but you have to unlock them. Because of this, the game can give a pretty weak first impression, but after a few runs you'll unlock enough items to give more variety.My main problem with it is that it has a total lack of personality and charm. The enemies are all pretty plain (skeletons, blobs, plants, some armor dudes), the characters don't really have any voice lines to set them apart, the environments are pretty boring. I can handle all of that, but the bosses are my biggest problem: they're just regular enemies scaled up. That's so boring! It's such a waste, because this game plays fine but I still find myself bored of it after a few minutes just because there's not enough aesthetic stuff going on. If they'd only pushed it a little further it could've been excellent, but as things are I just give this game ""it's fine."" Can't say I don't recommend it, but can't super say I do."
,Recommended,308420,24949348,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Sotonushka,"The game features a nice and dynamic gameplay along with pretty graphics and some challenge. Its aesthetics reminded me of such old masterpieces like Diablo, Dungeon Keeper, Heretic and Might&Magic. However I find it really disbalanced hence not really replayable (I hope that is a word). Two things annoy me the most: no trading venue (what the gold cups are for, then? Just for score count at the end of the level?) and disappearing drop. I know there should be challenge, but one of the key features of every single-player FPS with open maps has always been leaving the medkits or ammo behind for possible further consumption. It left space for some tactical maneuvres instead of simply rushing through levels.Anyways, I would recommend the game to those who seek challenge wrapped in with a smooth image and action. If there was a rating system I'd give Ziggurat 7 stars out of 10."
,Recommended,308420,24952820,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ValkyrieRock,"Great fast paced dungeon crawler. With rouge-like elements applenty, well worth a try!Full Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEZw-YSqgCE"
76561198074018997,Recommended,308420,24966568,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Kurt Cocaine,"Love this game! and for 10.99 it's an absolute steal! The replay value of this game is GOLDEN.80 hours on record/76 hours in the last 2 weeks.It honestly does not get boring, they add so many weapons to unlock, upgrades and like 20 characters all with their own perks etc.Think of if DOOM and Skyrim made a dungeon crawler rogue-like masterpiece."
76561198022640636,Recommended,308420,24924129,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Jamison,"(From the game description)""Dungeon-Crawling First Person Shooting at its finest! Fast-paced combat! Dozens of perks, spells and enemies! Level ups! Random Dungeons! Traps! Badass bosses! Carrots!""That about sums it up, though not really a dungeon crawler. Everything happens in realtime, not turn based. You really need to keep up on your toes to survive many of the fights. A very different and fun game."
,Recommended,308420,26500349,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,IVI00101,Best old school shooting.Not enough gore.
,Recommended,308420,26565344,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,QP,"Fun game so far, something you can play quickly. Runs well, looks good plays nicely."
,Recommended,308420,26468496,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mr. Wallet,This scratches the roguelike itch very well. Coming up with a character build on the fly based on the level-up choices you get early on really extends the gameplay. Plain old randomly-generated single-player good-times.
76561198044759443,Recommended,308420,26452137,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Xerberus86,One of the best fps roguelikes. Tons of unlocks and a challenging difficulty.
,Recommended,308420,27748299,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,iLLixer ?,best 3d rouge like game 7/10
76561198157768965,Recommended,308420,25612845,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,King_Isard_of_Io,"It's fast paced, frantic, and fun."
,Recommended,308420,27554197,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Valshak,"I got this game on a friend's recommendation and, honestly, didn't think it'd keep my interest for very long.  Then... something magical happened (intentional pun, deal with it)!  I started to realize that, based on all the possible variables (character selection, weapon spawns, types and order of enemy spawns... plus several others), the potential for fun is never-ending... and then there's the ""never ending"" game mode!!Buy it. Play it. Love it."
76561198205562208,Recommended,308420,23546914,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ofo,"Ziggurat is a roguelike game that is packed with action.  When you hop into a game of Ziggurat you are greeted by a colorful, challenging experience.  Ziggurat is a great game for hopping into occasionally just to have fun."
,Recommended,308420,23687870,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,FuzzyPsychoBear,Fantastic game! It reminds me a lot of Hexen. I love the progression and unlocks. The graphical style is very much to my taste. I would recommend this game to anybody who likes fps's or rogue likes.Here are some videos of my play through of Ziggurat:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNNNCMPNcZQ&list=PLEUGIFN2mBj0LeA16PBYIyvzViqOHQ_2P
76561198018892935,Recommended,308420,23653724,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,AceRimmer,"Solidly good game!You would think that a game with lower end graphics and the same small pool of enemies to fight would get old...fast...  But this game does a very good job with different characters to select to play and eventually unlock to play.  Each one requires a slight change to your game play style which makes a difference in the way the game feels.   As you progress you will notice each character (except for the default starting one) has both Pros and Cons...Strengths and Weaknesses.  This, sometimes, makes the character you are playing feel disadvantaged.  But, considering that the enemies still play and react the same, you will be able to learn how to get your character to survive.Will I eventually rack up 50+ hours in this game?  No.I've already played 6+ hours and have yet to tire of this game.  But I doubt I will play it much longer.Considering the price compared to the fun I've had with this game...  This game is a solid buy at the $14.99 price and worth every penny.If you like First Person Shooters...this game is a great choice."
,Recommended,308420,24228559,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,deucexm,"Would happily recommend this game to people who are better at it than I am.So basically this is old-school twitch gaming, like DOOM, but with a randomized level/weapons/level-up bonuses/etc.  It's not for everyone, I guess, but it's the perfect way to combine the two genres of FPS and roguelike.  Roguelite?  Whatever.  One of the best things I can point out is the ability to choose between two level-up bonuses, so the RNG isn't quite so cruel - but on the flip side, you don't get into the rut of building your character the same way every run, since the same choices aren't always available.  It's a good mix of player-in-control vs. randomization, and I really like that.The comments about a lack of variety in environments and design and such are perfectly fair; this isn't an extremely deep title, or extremely long, I would guess.  (I certainly won't be making it to the end any time soon, because I am terrible at FPSes.)  But for what it is, it's very pretty (the art is luscious) and gripping (my 90 minutes was all in one sitting - couldn't put it down).  And wonderfully smooth, as any good twitch shooter should be.In fairness, I did get this on sale when it was like $6, so definitely well worth the money then.  $15 might be a touch steep, but all things considered, this is a really well-produced game and I've had it on my wishlist for a while - and I am more satisfied with this than with a lot of my other purchases, to be perfectly honest."
,Recommended,308420,23951096,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Zatchooze,"I'm more of a mixed bag of opinions about this game. Its not bad. It does roguelike and shooting alright but it just could've been much better.I just wish it had more of a variety to the weapons and characters. A bigger difference between the weapons to make them feel more distinct.It feels as though the developers put a lot of emphasis on making it fair and balanced to the point that most runs don't feel very different from one another.But for what it is, its a decent game. The shooting is alright and it is perhaps one of the few roguelikes that do good in full 3D.Just don't expect to find it interesting after playing it as long as Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,308420,23887941,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ubeek,"Pretty solid little roguelike. Not the most depth to it, but certainly fun."
76561198048023922,Recommended,308420,23926268,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Eotorm,"Fun, fast, sometimes furious. Lots of unlocks. Funny enemies models. Good ""break time"" game."
,Recommended,308420,16447359,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ihave7penis,"It's actually not very fun to begin with. It's difficult and repetitive. It stays this way until you begin to get the hang of it. From then onwards it's more repetitive. There is, however, a large range of different weapons and stuff that you can get in game.  You'll probably be quite familiar with the first two levels by the time you complete the game. However, once you have a weapon for every slot, it gets easier! I do recommend you play it, just buy it in a sale!!A good game. Even though there are several negatives, the game is rewarding. 7/10"
76561198060344653,Recommended,308420,23493533,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,leonjuanluis,Great game to play once in a while. I just keep coming back to it.Fun gameplay and good performance.
76561198079116773,Recommended,308420,23353790,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Gilafax,Fun for what it is.
,Recommended,308420,22641115,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Wrexial Uma,<3
76561198042326166,Recommended,308420,22514476,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Zekaniah,"Out of all the Rogue-like games ive played, id have to say this is by FAR my most favorite one to date. Id highly recommend buying and giving this a try. ITs well worth it!"
76561198013539633,Recommended,308420,22395308,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Kepa,"A great rogue-like game from FPS perspective! Well done combination of perk system, rng level generation, fast-paced combat!"
,Recommended,308420,22510193,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,"Ziggurat is a fast-paced FPS roguelike where you play as one of many Sorcerer's that has to ascend 'the Ziggurat' to prove your worth of becoming a powerful wizard.The story is interesting; you are an eager Sorcerer that believes you're ready to participate in 'the Ziggurat'. A test in which you prove your worth to the Daedolon Brothers, the most powerul wizard guild that rules the lands. But be forewarned the journey is far from easy and very few manage to get out of the dangerous fortress alive; only the strongest will make it - usually not without physical or mental wounds.Before you start your journey you have to choose between a variety of characters, each favours a certain playstyle. After deciding who you want to be you're thrown into 'the Ziggurat', which is made up of five randomly generated floors with various types of rooms. Your goal is to find the key room on each floor to open the portal in the boss room. On the way you'll find one of many artifcats which are your weapons. While fighting monsters they drop MAGIC orbs which is your ammo and EXP orbs. Once you level up you get to choose from one of three random perks to build your character.The controls are very easy to get used to and everything you do just feels so smooth, you can either walk or run and have an option to do a quick-turn. If you want you can fully rebind everything if the basic layout bothers you and the game plays fairly well with a controller if you prefer that.Graphically this game doesn't fail to impress, it's cartoony yet dark; silly but serious at the same time and you can really tell the developers put a lot of love into the art-style they went with. Each floor has its own unique aesthetic that really helps to bring 'the Ziggurat' to life and make it an enjoyable experience.I also found the soundtrack to be pretty enjoyable, it's nothing ear shatteringly amazing but it is really well done.This game offers a surprising amount of replay value to it for those who wish to play multiple times. There's over 10 characters to unlock, more than 100 perks and numerous weapon unlocks in the game as well as a decent enemy variety. Rooms can have a modifier that is either negative or positive to the player. Also there's three difficulties; easy, normal, hard as well as an ""endless mode"".I would highly recommend this game to anyone that's a fan of roguelikes and knows what they're getting themselves into; it has a lot of depth and content to keep you coming back for more. If you're not into roguelikes or not really sure but think the game looks interesting then pick it up on a sale, you won't regret it."
76561197996961705,Recommended,308420,22309761,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Acronom,"Can you support vive, please? I think that would fit the game well, maybe. Except for the movement..."
,Recommended,308420,19626878,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,supermrdoctorwho,Very good fast paced game. If you always wished games like diablo or binding of isaac etc deserved to have a first person perspective great go ahead. If you're wondering about my low play time well that is because I rarely end up playong this sort of game for very long. It's not that I don't like the genre I just can't really play titles in the genre for very long for some reason.So did I pay for it? No. I got it in an issue of PCGamer magazine. if you were wondering...I guess I'd suggest it if you like this sort of thing.
,Recommended,308420,28596728,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,GetBeaned,"A fast paced roguelike with a suprising amount of depth and replayability.First person roguelikes often fall flat with me. The only real exception where I loved the game was Tower of Guns, a game that focused on skill and movement over dice rolls and random drops. The random nature still exists in that, of course; it is a roguelike after all. But the emphasis on both vertical and horizontal movement combined with a variety of weapons and abilities allowed the most skillful players to succeed rather than the luckiest.Ziggurat has this sense of direction, albiet to a lesser degree. The game has you start every game (at least with the characters I have unlocked) with 1 simple wand. As you progress through floors, you unlock a weapon, hitting a maximum of 4, unique weapons suited for different scenarios. This is where Ziggurat gets a one up on Tower of Guns, since the ability to hold more than 1 gun a run allows for a more dynamic playstyles and also allowed the developers to create more unique encounters every run instead of being limited to what weapon the player chose. With a game like Tower of Guns, you may have a weapon that deals a lot of damage at range, but if you're put into a chamber with a lot of fast close combat enemies, you're going to struggle. Ziggurats 4 weapon system means even if you get a chamber that is unsuited for these weapons, you may have a weapon you picked up to at least give you a fighting chance.The combat itself is satisfying, if a little loose and void of weight. Other than a flintlock pistol you get, all the weapons have the same feeling of weight to them. That's not to say they act the same, but your fast firing staff feels the same when firing as your hard hitting, slow spellbook. It is one of the games biggest drawbacks, but luckily the diversity in the weapons actual uses somewhat makes up for it.Again in comparison to Tower of Guns, Ziggurat does have a slight emphasis on movement. It's evident from the get go movement plays a big role, since many enemies are actually ranged rather that ""run at your face"" minions, forcing you to dodge attacks through a floaty, swift movement system. After 2 hours, I can't say the movement plays anywhere near the pivotal role it has in Tower of Guns, nor does the game offer many ways to echance it. Bar a few perks, you start with a loose momentum to your movement and it stays with you the whole game. It's nice, since it highlights the fact the game is meant to be played quickly. You won't be hugging walls shooting from a distance for the most part. You wont be given the opportunity most rooms. It is just another way the skill aspect of the game is emphasised.It wouldn't be a roguelike without a sense of progression, and excluding weapons the other foremost method of enhancing your character is through perks, gained by leveling up. I'm mostly positive on the perk system. The perks range from a few movement buffs and mana increases to the more experimental and risky ""remove all your weapons for a buff next time you find one"". The biggest pitfall in this system is the lack of creativity towards the mana/resource perks, since most follow the same ""increase capacity"", ""gain mana when entering combat"" and ""restore mana"". It makes the game feel less deep that it really is, for like I said there are very unique perks also included, like randomly swapping the mana bars capacity. The typical ""take less damage"" and ""restore health"" are here, but they don't flood the perk pool so much that it gets stale.Level design is actually rather neat. Rooms often have walls that you can use to block projectiles and differeing sizes allows for different playstyles. A few times you will be thrust into a small but open room with enemies that charge at you, which is both amusing and challenging. My only complaint with the level design is the lack of variation in verticality. Tower of Guns, although more focused on movement, has incredible level design that rewarded players for leaping up the room rather than around the room. Ziggurat's lack of movement abilities means everything is played on the floor, and the only hazards you will find are pools of acid and lava. I just wish there were more platforms to traverse, which would not only give a sense power to your character but would also diversify how you approach an enemy.Every level ends with a boss, which for someone that generall finds bosses rather dull, was quite fun. I've encountered 5 different bosses so far with repeats, so I can't speak for how many there are, but the ones I did fight offered a bit of challenge. The way you get to a boss is an example of good level design, since to fight the boss you need to collect an item for it to spawn, forcing you to press through a good chunk of the floor.Enemy variety is good, if a bit stale after a few hours on the first couple of levels. It's by no means a constant barage of the same enemy, but since you spend most of your time on the early levels, you see a lot of repeats. Luckily the enemies themselves are diverse in attack styles, including charging dinosaurs that spit acid, ice golems that explode on death spawning 2 smaller fire golems and the classic skeleton, 3 different variations of it so far in fact. There are a decent amount more and the rooms mix and match what enemies spawn in each room, leading to unique encounters.In conclusion, Ziggurat is one of my favourite examples of a first person roguelike game. It follows the simple formula of its genre, but takes the same route as Tower of Guns in that it allows good players to be good."
,Recommended,308420,28600314,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Razznak,"Ziggurat is a game with lots of variety, and that's the best way I can describe it. There are multiple enemies with different attacks and behaviors, multiple styles of rooms with different things to deal with, and multiple weapons that offer your own unique playstyle, not to mention the perks. The difficulty settings are proportionate, easy is a little too easy, normal provides the right amount of difficulty. The procedural generation seems to be of high quality as each new run feels like a new dungeon.One of the downsides was something I personally experienced and may not translate to each unique player. Your attacks don't really feel like magic. They feel more like guns with a magic skin (even the wands/staffs). This isn't a huge penalty, but I did go into it looking for a magic game so I was slightly dissapointed.Overrall I do recommend it. It's a worthy purchase if you enjoy permadeath and dungeon crawling.Bitcoin: 1rAZZNAkKp3GS4uc15YsbSxSPnFbfErt6"
76561198027336200,Recommended,308420,28100051,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Darunia,"Trown in to the Ziggurat for the first time armed with nothing than a simple wand. I started exploring the everchanging dungeon. I stumbeled upon shrines, collected new weapons & spells and gained powerfull new abilities. Ultimatly I got myself killed by an exploding carrot...The good+ Ziggurat looks amazing!+ Controls are excellent!+ Enemy, trap, shrine and lore rooms make for an mix in gameplay.+ Lots of replay value with procedural generated rooms, lots of characters, weapons, items...The bad- Co-op would've been a welcome additionVerdictZiggurat is a fun rogue lite game with lots of replay value! Definitely woth a purchase!"
,Recommended,308420,28849947,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Runny Yolk,"Like DOOM, but with a bit more bullet-hell in the mix, but only a bit, and rogue-like dungeon crawling. A pretty awesome, perfectly executed mix of genres, with some nice visuals to boot."
76561198073153063,Recommended,308420,32012034,Posted: 27 May,all,Don Edgy,It feels like Hexen but a more cute version. Also challenging.
,Recommended,308420,24239097,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Slang,"The BEST FPS rogue-like out there. So much to do and explore, even after 10 hours of playthrough. Love the unlockable system - it's fair to the player."
76561198066362482,Recommended,308420,29779826,Posted: 8 February,all,Snootchie Bootchies,kinda like the new DOOM with more of a bullet hell sorta thing.a lot like isaac with the differnt classes and upgrades as you die/win.dont worry about the story its passable.also secrets!on hard some of the enemies get a little tediousunlimiteda lot of wepeonssome are the same with a different elementstill tons of fun worth the money full price on sale its a steal
,Recommended,308420,19809721,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,TommyGun,"Great mix of Binding of Isaac and Classic First Person Shooters (Heretic). Tons of unlockable content and still occasionally gets free updates, there are some very rare frame rate drops which shouldn't bother much.Would totally recommend for anyone that likes rogue-like games, especially if they liked Isaac.8/10"
,Recommended,308420,31399713,Posted: 27 April,all,Sp0nska,"What a pleasant suprise for only 4 bucks on sale. Ziggurat looks awesome, sounds great and it's gun-/gameplay is amazing. There's also lots of spells, characters and items to unlock to keep you motivated. Ontop of that, there's enough variety in the rooms, enemies and item combinations to make every new run feel fresh and exciting. A total recommendation from me!"
,Recommended,308420,31419328,Posted: 28 April,all,Лупус,"Really nice game, specially for rogue-like games lovers."
,Recommended,308420,31386257,Posted: 26 April,all,Jono,"Simple yet fun game.Difficulty settings allow for both casual and hardcore gamers enjoy the game.Traps (challenge rooms) aren't difficult yet punish you for mistakes keeping you focused.Enemies are jerks and try to kill you so you have to kill them first ;)Really it's just a good game to burn some time on especially if you can grab it while on sale.  My only issues with it is some of the level-up perks are, well, to put it lightly, ""total crap"" ... some are add large ammounts to each mana pool while others are add small ammount to a single mana pool lol."
76561198263841690,Recommended,308420,31407041,Posted: 27 April,all,darkbeams,"First impression, buy it its fun and isn't that the point."
76561198062670295,Recommended,308420,32948816,Posted: 28 June,all,HunterOfSouls,Really good game.
,Recommended,308420,32950469,Posted: 28 June,all,WhaHappened Exfire,rogeu-like + fps gameeasy --> normalnormal --> hardHard --> dont even try
,Recommended,308420,32934211,Posted: 28 June,all,RippeR Rootz,The Binding of Isaac 3D.Great textures and particles.Cool environment.Perfectly optimised to linux.Totally recommended.10 out of 10.
76561198021794395,Recommended,308420,32647516,Posted: 22 June,all,Furry,Nice game.
,Recommended,308420,32661219,Posted: 22 June,all,Mediocrity,"Basically first person Binding of Isaac, except you have mana and cant shoot tears infinitely. I haven't played much but I'll say don't buy it unless it's on sale for $3.74."
,Recommended,308420,32693734,Posted: 23 June,all,darmstadi,Good FPS Rogue-lite.The weapons are quite varied and the procedural generation is quite good even if it can get a bit repetitive. The enemies are unique and all have their patterns and ways to approach them. It's challenging. The game has barely any meta-progression so it's mostly about skill and luck.
76561198189382661,Recommended,308420,32901739,Posted: 27 June,all,Sniping Toro,it fun
76561198031281481,Recommended,308420,32897551,Posted: 27 June,all,Playdoh12,"super fun. the humor in this is great, and the variety from one playthrough to the next is never boring."
,Recommended,308420,33128229,Posted: 2 July,all,^3Ambyz,Realy fun roguelite game that I'm going to play alot!
76561198077818232,Recommended,308420,15709755,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Stranger Stan,Carrots
,Recommended,308420,33564766,Posted: 15 July,all,Sgt. Fury RDS,Great
,Recommended,308420,33592660,Posted: 16 July,all,Screwbles,"Unlockables, discovery, weapons, fast placed action yet not too intense, variety of characters with unique atributes-- this game is great.  If you like rogue-likes and Serious Sam, you'll totally get hooked on this!"
,Recommended,308420,33481797,Posted: 12 July,all,Viking Mana,"Ziggurat is a good game, but one with enough flaws that it never truly becomes great.To sum it up, you're a sorcerer who's being tested. To complete your test, you must beat the Ziggurat. The Ziggurat is a procedurally generated maze of encounters and traps. You pick up different weapons along the way, and as you level up you get different perks that help you customize your character. At the end of each level there is a boss that must be defeated, but to start the encounter you must first find the key.The visuals are timeless. The design is sufficiently cartoonish that the graphics will probably age well. Everything has a slight claymation-feel to it, and it's very pleasant to look at it. The only problem the game faces in this regard is that the bestiary isn't particularly expansive, and it won't take you very long to encounter everything once.The gameplay is solid. It feels weighty and satisfying, but it also harkens back to oldschool shooters like Quake, as you dodge and weave your way around enemy attacks, while trying to get in a few blasts of your own. The fact that you unlock new classes to play as helps keep the experience a little more fresh, as the game would otherwise quickly become repetitive.It does have a few issues though. A select few of the bosses are very poorly designed. It's procedurally generated nature means that you can, at times, face off against groups of enemies that are virtually impossible to beat. A lot of enemies have homing attacks, and others have excellent tracking and an uncanny ability to predict where you're going to try and run to. Champion-enemies are empowered basic enemies that are slightly larger than the others and a different color, and I still haven't quite managed to figure out what powerup does what. In fact, the game is really stingy with the information. It's hard to figure out what anything does, including different weapons. You essentially just have to try and guess on your own.Oh, and whoever thought it was a good idea to include enemies - Especially melee-enemies - that can turn invisible, deserves to stub their toe really badly. When trying to beat the game on hard-mode, roughly 7/10 runs were ended by invisible enemies.And that concludes my review of Ziggurat. It's a flawed gem. A great game for people who are new to first-person roguelites, but one that might get old for more experienced roguelite-players fairly quickly."
,Recommended,308420,34230025,Posted: 13 August,all,jon,Why do I keep coming back to this? Why do I love it? Send help!
,Recommended,308420,34912041,Posted: 12 September,all,Markzilla,"Fast and fun. This is what the Painkiller series was trying to be, even with the randomly generated levels."
,Recommended,308420,34871164,Posted: 10 September,all,Garce,"I absolutely suck at this game. Having said that, I love it."
,Recommended,308420,35519135,Posted: 6 October,all,Aleskandor,"This is such a little charming game, and i keep coming back for more!The game is quite simple actually, you fight your way through 5 floors of randomly generated rooms with different enemies and fight a boss at the end of every floor with the last floor having i final boss. The game doesnt have much more of a campaign than that, but that is NOT what this game is about!Every time you enter the Ziggurat you fight your way through a different dungeon with a character of your choice and with different upgrades (cards) that you select every time you level up. Therefore the game has a lot of replayability, you can play as what ever type of character you want, on whatever difficulty you want and with a different playstyle aswell.As you explore the Ziggurat on your runs, you slowly unlock new content like cards and characters by doing various things, giving you even more possibilites which had me trying to create ""builds"" with the different characters and cards getting better at the game.There are aswell other game modes that are unlocked when you complete the game on normal difficulty like ""Endless"" and ""Gauntlet"" mode that further adds to the replayability.I totally recommend this game for anyone who is a fan of the Rouge-lite genre of games, and my favourite comparison to this game would be ""The binding of Isaac"".8/10"
