user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,310060,18634500,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,bentheax,"I played Knights of Pen and Paper +1. I enjoyed it, despite a feeling that it was grindy and slow toward the end. I enjoyed it enough that I bought the deluxe edition of #2 immediately when I saw it, without a second thought.The depth is improved, but I did not enjoy the game overall.Main faults:- Applying conditions is combat is not rewarding. Enemies (and your own characters, for that matter) have a high base chance to entirely negate a condition every single round. There is no way to impact that chance at all.- Compounding the above, there is a whole set of items,  accessories, and skills that center around conditions that are consequently also not rewarding.- Difficulty is under-tuned. You'll outpace the level of your enemies very quickly and are unlikely to fall behind unless you eschew side quests completely.- Nothing to spend gold on - Stores only stock ""common"" items and enchantment scrolls, item progression caps out early-mid game. Soon you'll be drowning in gold with maxed out items, spending all your money on XP shrooms in a desperate bid to see if there's just one more tier of stuff to buy- Dungeons barely vary from regular gameplay, if you have scarab of energy + cleric you won't even notice the inability to rest, but the cheap and plentiful consumables will also see you through.- Area based ""investigation"" for extra items is excruciatingly boring.- Bland. KoPaP 1 had chunks in it. Hard encounters that forced you to find more effective party and item builds, in order to defeat them.Here's what's good:- The humour of the writing and sheer quantity of geek references scattered through the gameEDIT: I toned down my review a little after trying +1 to remember what I liked and disliked. In many ways KoPaP 2 is an improvement, it's just let down by a lack of any interesting challenges to drive the rest of the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,310060,18721481,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Silva,"It is games like this one that make me really wish Steam allowed ""thumb sideways"" reviews. Knights of Pen and Paper 2 is not quite a bad game; for all it's flaws, it has a solid core. However, what flaws it does have are fairly substantial ones that make any recommendation come with an asterisk at the end.The Good:The sprite work is vastly improved over the first game. Backgrounds, player sprites, and enemy sprites have substantially more detail. The animations are also better and more creative: one enemy's attacks result in it breathing vowels, for example.The addition of a crafting system adds some depth to otherwise routine inventory and equipment management decisions.The class variety of the game is decent considering its limited scope. Class abilities are distinct.Battles have some degree of strategy.The Bad:As in the first game, quest variety remains functionally nonexistent. ""Travel here"" and ""fight these things"". Get used to those concepts, because they are all you will be doing in the game. Far as I could see, there were less than a handful of exceptions: a  quest that tasks you with solving a murder mystery (through one of three options) and a disguised account creation prompt were the only ones I noticed. It's possible I missed some, but the proportion of time you will actually be doing anything interesting remains dreadfully low.Although the game has decent class variety for such a small-scope title, there is no incentive to experiment with party structure because of how battles decide everything in the game. After you fill out your initial five person party, get used to that setup. If you want to change it, you theoretically can... As long as you consent to make an already extremely repetitive game even more so by playing catchup.The sheer repetition of the first game was (arguably) its greatest flaw. The second is, unfortunately, not any better in that regard. Lack of quest variety, mentioned above, is only a small cog in a great machine of repetition. What you see in the first five minutes of the game is functionally what you get for all of it, and it can and does feel like a chore at times.The amount of equipment available ceases to improve long before endgame.Plenty of blank slots in the game room customization. I figured I would unlock them over time... No, they just do not exist. Given the game hints at further DLC down the line, I expect them to be part of that.Neither:The improved sprite work comes at a cost. Many enemy types are visibly altered from the same base sprite. Thieves, troglodytes, cavemen, and others share a base. They are altered enough that this isn't a huge deal or necessarily ""laziness"" so much as being resourceful, and the actually unique enemies make up for it. Still, it is worth pointing out.The story of the game remains extremely limited and basic.Nonexistent replay value is hard to quantify as positive or negative, since whether an RPG has any tends to be a coin flip.So in the end, do I recommend this game? For most people, no. A decent battle system, in most circumstances, is not enough to save a heavily flawed game, especially if that battle system is almost everything the game offers. Games do not exist in a vacuum, and no matter who you are chances are there are more enjoyable and less repetitive ones out there. If all you wanted, however, was for Knights of Pen and Paper to have a sequel... Well, this game certainly is that, and in that case, more power to you."
,Recommended,310060,32128880,Posted: 2 June,all,Brian [Linux],"Very entertaining game with solid gameplay and good writing.  There is a lot of combinations of characters, abilities, power ups, and crafting that allow for some replayability.  The main story is short, but with the DLC you should get about 10 hours for total completion.  Definitely recommend picking up the full edition with the DLCs.  I did enjoy the first KoPP better, but this is a good game worth checking out."
,Recommended,310060,18585608,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Snickers,"I'm a massive fan of Knights of Pen and Paper +1. This is a clear improvement to the first. The art is much more detailed and beautifully done. The combat is the same but with more features and more stratagy involved.If you liked the first one, you'll love the 2nd one.Edit: After finishing the game. I'm actually disappointed. It's short, has fewer classes, fewer, quests, and overall is a lesser game. The pixels are pretty though."
,Recommended,310060,19748231,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,AngryKobold,"So, let me preface this with the fact that this is a very short game. It took me about 10 hours to complete, and that is with creating 2 parties first before settling on my 3rd and favorite party (so far) which I completed the main storyline and DLC content with.Now that I have that out of the way, let's discuss the game itself. KoPP2 is the successor to the original game (if that somehow wasn't obvious.) It borrows the base mechanics from its predecessor, but expands quite a bit. Each character now has 3 primary governing stats, Mind, Body, and Senses. You often make party based stat rolls (d20 based, of course) out of combat. As part of this system, each player, class, and race (there are races now, cool, right???) contributes towards the stat scores.The gear system is a significant upgrade from the original, allowing actual crafting rather than buying unending grindstones and improving existing gear. There is also a much broader variety of gear, allowing you to outfit each character to your liking.Now, for the only ""negative"" I have for this game. This game will never be hugely popular, unfortunately, and that is due to the simple fact that the target audience is pretty small compared to that of other video games. It is marketed at tabletop gamers who are ALSO fans of lighthearted comedic games.  **If you don't play tabletop roleplaying games, you will not get many of the jokes.**Overall, dispite the disappointing length (made up for by the replayability brought by experimenting with different party make-ups) I'd highy recommend this game.8/9 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,310060,32758485,Posted: 24 June,all,alphyna,"KoPP2 is not a bad game, just very... mediocre. It feels and plays like a cool indie from Kongregate that's supposed to play for three hours—and three hours of relative fun is what I got out of it. Then it became a repetitive grindfest with enemies becoming spongier, but offering little new challenges.(Full disclosure: I only got my characters to level 18, so if anything changes later on, my review will not reflect that.)With each class only having four skills, all available from the start, there's just not much to do after you've discovered the combination that suits your playstyle best. New classes get unlocked too slowly to add variety. There are too few items and enemy types. Animations are unskippable, so one can say that Ninja's OP Smoke Bomb is balanced by you having to watch up to five separate stun animations each time you cast it. All in all, a couple of hours in, you just stop having fun with it; all that remains is going through the motions.There's also something wrong with the balance; it's very tough to lose even a ""hard"" battle, and the only situation where you need to heal with items is in a dungeon that throws ~10 fights at you while not allowing to rest... which in all other cases you can do for free and seemingly indefinitely, bacisally allowing you to face each new challenge with a fresh party.The presentation is up to your personal taste—it definitely achieves what it was aiming for. Personally, I mostly find the overly referential humor cringy and unpleasant (and while there's nothing wrong with using real-life stereotypes, choosing between a ""jock"" and a ""cheerleader"" is not my cup of tea). But tastes differ.However, whether you like the humor or not, the writing is definitely nowhere near so good that it should take up such a big part of the game. Oddly enough, KoPP2 has way too much dialogue. Once again, there's nothing wrong with a witty one-liner or a small subplot, but long-winded 15-speech-bubbles-long scenes are hardly the reason why people picked the game up—so why add them?Despite all that I said, KoPP2 is still not a bad game. It would suit the mobile market well, offering some sweet mindless clicking to a commuter. But for PC, it would have been much better if it was much shorter but denser, even for the same price tag.I mourn the fact that in the current market many developers are scared of making shorter games—even when they only have enough content for such."
76561198018881388,Not Recommended,310060,18888170,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,FlySkyHigh,"This game is good... but very short. If you liked the first game, you'll probably enjoy this game for about two hours. But after a certain point if you pay any real attention to your characters, it quickly becomes a disgusting stomp-fest for the entirety of the rest of the -very short- game. I got to the final boss and just kind of stared at the screen waiting for it to tell me that it wasn't actually over, as it happened in the first one, only for the credits to roll and end the game. Ultimately this game feels way less fulfilling than the first, and I don't think it's really worth the money. I would've given this a positive recommendation if it was even close to the length of the first. This feels like less of a sequel and more of an expansion.EDIT: Decided to go a bit more indepth in my review after thinking on it a bit.Good:-Funny, just like the first. Lots of jokes, although some are very repetitive.-Good fun for about two hours, until you start reaching various caps and it quickly becomes very tedious and dull.-Yeah that's pretty much it, aside from ""nostalgia"" for the first game, nothing unique about this game stands out.Bad:-Crafting is almost pointless. The only large use for it is ""enchanting"" gear, which is very minimal and caps out at +3 total very quickly. In addition, you get very few crafting recipes, most of which are for very basic consumables.-Item purchases cap out very quickly as well. I had reached my maximm possible purchasable items well before halfway into the game, and I kept waiting for more to unlock but sadly none ever did.-Going back to crafting, it heavily favors the melee characters, since you can't really boost trinkets, and the only available +spellpower weapon was an already enchanted staff. Meanwhile you can enchant melee weapons to the nines and deal truckloads of damage. I gave my paladin some huge +3 weapons and he just started one-shotting things.-""Unique"" items end up being much worse than crafted ones, therefore making it almost better to sell any interesting items. Like the three-handed sword. I enchanted a +3 waraxe and it had significantly better stats than an Item I had just gotten at the same level, and for 1 hand less requirement. I ended up selling almost every unique item I received, including most of the debuff-immunity ones due to the fact that most of the time debuffs will simply fall off your characters without accomplishing much.-Very repetitive. While the first game was bad about this as well, the ""grinding"" of that game had some kind of purpose. Hunting for grindstones and whatnot was necessary unless you paid $$. In this game by the end you just end up walking halfway cross the map and back repeatedly, and when you get there killing maybe 2-3 waves of monsters, repeat.-Unbelievably short game. I have about a 90% completion on this game, I went out of my way to do most of the side quests, and it only took me 6.5 hours to complete. I doubt I'd get much more than an hour more out of doing the little remaining content, maybe an additional half hour on that if I fork over the additional 4.99 in-game dlc.-No seriously, I cannot stress enough how short this game is. KoPaP 1 was fairly long for that type of game, and you went significantly higher in levels. At the beginning of the game you see a level 99 character, and I figured that would be close to what endgame looked like. Instead, you pretty much finish the game at level 20, possibly earlier if you skip side quests. This was an extreme let down.-Classes, while interesting, require very little in terms of creation. Most of the classes you can be well served simply by levelling 1 or 2 of their skills and all but ignoring the others. I never put more than 1 rank into about 75% of the skills and just capped others with impunity, especially all the ""affect adjacent"" ones combined with the gameroom item to make them effect all.-In addition, I never could find a retraining system to try and re-work my characters if I wanted to test out diferent builds, so short of starting up a new game I just had to stick with my decisions.-Severe lack of gameroom items. In the first one you almost had too many options, this time when you open up to buy gameroom items and you see only 2 or 3 in each section (with 5 slots ""open"") it's an immediate let-down.All in all, this feels like a game only half-finished and just tossed out for some quick fan-cash. They had enough name-recognition to get people to buy it, and decided to use that to just coast on a barely completed product. I didn't personally encounter any bugs, but I heard there were a great deal when the game first released, and that only makes me more sure that this product is yet another in the current trend of ""finish half the game, and then sell the rest of it as DLC.""I would not recommend this to anyone, not even fans of the original."
,Not Recommended,310060,32525807,Posted: 17 June,all,Fiddlebog,"While many of the D&D references were quite funny, along with original humor, this game just doesn't have enough going on. I finished it because I wanted to wrap up the story, but the entire game is just a lot of the same crap: grind and throw spells/attacks at the enemy until you win. Every battle pretty much feels the same as the last. Strategy is very straightforward and if something is too difficult you can just grind some more to get past it. There really isn't anything that requires actual thought or skill. Zero replay value."
,Not Recommended,310060,32803521,Posted: 25 June,all,farvantorna,"A big fan of the orginial game this sequel is just slow, grindy, short.Cannot customisze charaters as much. The dungeons are all just the same, you run into into the same traps, same treasures(ie the one you find at first dungeon). The investigation minigame is just poorly handled spend 5 and roll dice over and over and over and over.The battle system I feel has been dumbed down and just slow, seriously add skip roll options I don't want to spend 2 sec on each status effect.Overall if on sale for like 75% I say pick it up, otherwise don't bother."
,Recommended,310060,18586839,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Eamon2plz,"Enjoying it. If you found the first one entertaining, you will enjoy this.No Pay2Play aspects at all. Story/questing plays very similar to the first. There is a crafting component added in which seems a bit lacking currently but maybe it will get better once I get to end-game content.Overall, well worth $10.Edit: I did buy Digital Deluxe to support the dev but I would have appreciated a little bit more information on what it actually consists of. The description is very bland and does not incentivize the extra $5."
,Recommended,310060,18642104,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Summary:Fans of Dungeons and Dragons campaigns along with connoisseurs of popular media will enjoy this more casual style RPG, that has a little bit of depth hidden in its content. The creators obviously have a love of all things movies, gaming, and the like, but does the subject content well with timeliness of jokes. Some of the humor is groan inducing, but it's done in a lighthearted way that really connects. While the RPG elements are somewhat basic compared to others in the genre, it does have surprising depth with the status system in question and takes good use of the influence of tabletop RPG mechanics. Even after 4 hours of gameplay, I will still engaged, which is a good sign from a game that does have unlockables and replayability to go along with it. The difficulty curve may be less then I would want, however this is mostly due to doing every side quest, and when skipping those, the game presented more of the challenge. The real thing that holds it back in the end is the UI and lack of options. After a while, you'll be wishing to fast forward through animations and pick up the pace of the game after you've seen a cutscene before (on a restart for example). In the end, found it definitely worth the price of admission thanks to the combo of combat options along with the humor. Definitely worth your time.Gameplay Footage and Video Review:https://youtu.be/0s2XXlzyDrELists:+:Really goofy sense of humor that pays respect to popular media of video games, movies, and the like before it. It may be specifically hitting the right bones in my body for this, but it definitely hit home with my sense of humor.Combat system is simple, but does have complexities under the surface that do help bring it some variety over the long haul.Threat system works well for those who choose to pay close attention to it.The pixel artstyle does well for the world, but it's more so the different environments and styles it takes you to. Going to fallout's vaults only to later go to an ASCII dungeon still works in this world, and makes you appreciate the time and effort that went into each and every environment.Love the blending of real world elements into the world, and the play on the idea of 1st versus second edition that it goes for, almost to the point of parody. Good use of story elements and making game play variation make sense in the world.Good use of unlocks and timeliness to help bring new characters and items into the mix, making you wonder how you can use them.Grinding not necessary, as even with little side quests done, you can still use strategy to get through fights. Fights also don't feel grindy like other games, even if you do face the same enemies in a row a couple of times.-:UI has clunky implementation at times, where selection of enemies and items are too close to each other, leading to the wrong decision. Simple click based responses would have helped this in various cases.There's improvements that can be made of the long hall, like being able to buy multiple items at once. Options to speed up the game at certain points by disabling animations would help replayability and not having it turn into a spacebar/clickfest.Game can get a little too easy at times if you do a lot of the side quests.Sorta wish gold didn't carry over to other games, it can make the game a little bit too easy in those cases."
,Recommended,310060,30918052,Posted: 3 April,all,Boxtacular,"Fun RPG, very similar to the first one. If you enjoyed KPP1, you'll probably enjoy this one as well. I did find the gameplay rather easy (cleared the story w/out any gameroom items, for one), and felt the story to be a bit short, but I haven't cleared the DLC content yet.Pros:- Easy to pick up- Class diversity is solid- Gameplay doesn't have any unnecessary fluff, no unnecessarily convoluted stat system- Casual enough to not be frustrating, challenging enough to not be a chore- Dungeons are an actual challengeCons:- Quests get repetitive because they're most of them are ""kill X amount of mobs""- It's pretty short..- The shop is such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because you can only buy/sell one item at a time. Same thing with Storage.Other:- Quirky humour, a lot of meta references, etc. I found the writing funny, but I could definitely see it turn off some people.- In the Monk quest line the battles were really really forced upon you and felt like they were there to pad the very short DLC- Some of the items feel broken for their cost. For instance, you can make a +30 HP/MP accessory for 80 gold (25 x 3, +5 crafting cost), while the +30 HP and +30 MP accessory costs 90 gold. Discovering them feels good, but I just stacked those rings on my squishy units and fixed that issue with them, which seems to throw the balance of the game off.Verdict:Good sequel to the first one. I liked some of the new classes (others seemed just really bad in comparison), though it did get a bit tedious toward the end, as I was way over-leveled and battles began feeling like a chore rather than a challenge. I'd say worth it."
76561198074183297,Recommended,310060,23997048,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,vG.Nimbus,"This is literally my favorite game, if you have ever played or seen anyone play D&D, this will bring some memories."
,Not Recommended,310060,32893087,Posted: 27 June,all,Superior Spidey,"This game makes me wish there was a meh option. It's not like it's a bad game BUT (and this is a very big but), this game has half the content the original one had. If you are buying the Dragon Bundle you are paying the same amount of money than the original, for a third of the content.I would only recommend buying this game to fans of the original one that want a new adventure to play, although don't expect it to be as good. They took the ""If it's not broken, don't fix it"" way too literal, because they barely changed anything about the gameplay, and the story is waay too similar.6/10"
,Not Recommended,310060,26597602,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Beherit,"This could had been a polished improvement of the first Knights of Pen and Paper game. Usually when game developers do a sequel, they remove what that didn't work out in the previous game and improve and further develop what did.In this sequel, they did it the other way around:* Slow game pace is now SLOWER, you can't speed-click past slow text dialogues any more* Odds for good dice rolls to resists, traps, resting etc are stacked against you, making the game pace more sluggish* Changing furniture in the shop now takes 5 times as many mouse clicks, as you have to save+quit the game and go to the main menu to change anything* Did you dislike the quests which involved traveling back and forth between two nearby places? Those are mostly gone in the sequel, instead you have to travel all across the map now back and forth* The main campaign is VERY short and doesn't take long to play through* The storyline is plain boring and lacks the wittiness of the first game* The differences of the character classes you can unlock vs the standard ones are too small and uninteresting to care enough to play the game over again* Inventory handling went from bad to worse - yes the stash is nice, but you still end up not using or selling off 99% of everything you get as it's either useless or just doesn't make a big difference enough in the gameplay for the player to have to care about itThe only improvements are the sound and graphics, comparable to the first game being 8-bit retro and this one 16-bit retro instead.Do I recommend this game? No, buy the first one instead if you don't have it. If you have it and have played through it already, wait for the third Knights of Pen and Paper if such one is ever made. Hopefully it'll be better than this sequel."
,Not Recommended,310060,31166342,Posted: 15 April,all,bolt_thundara,"I bought this game because I played the original Knights Of The Pen And Paper +1 and enjoyed it immensely. The first game was a fun little time sink with a lot of content and quirky characters. I wish I could say this game is a good, but frankly it simply isn't. To start with, it is MUCH shorter than the original as well as MUCH easier. There's less quest variety as well. Most of the game felt like filler content that the dev team added to round out the length of the game. There are also way fewer characters and classes to play as. Even worse, the game sorely lacks depth in its combat and equipment compared to the first.  If I had played THIS first and moved on to the original game, it would have felt right. Almost every aspect except graphics is a downgrade.Viewed away from the original, the game barely stands on its own merits. It is fun and quirky, but much of the humor feels forced. The game is incredibly easy even without grinding and becomes downright trivial if you complete every quest available to you. The lack of content is very noticable, with the main quest taking maybe two hours. You can cram in maybe 8 more from filler if you want with all the DLC but the DLC felt like it was simply trying to stretch out the existing experience without actually adding more content.Overall, the game had some very solid ideas to improve the series. Adding in more ways to spend your gold and being able to craft your own gear was a nice touch. Unfortunately, all the new systems feel like they are half completed, like they were stopped halfway through development and shipped as-is. Realistically, that's how the entire game feels. It's not even a case of content being stuck behind a DLC paywall, it simply was never created.In the end, this is probably worth picking up on a deep discout sale but I'd not suggest paying full price for it. Skip the DLC unless you REALLY enjoy the game. I'd suggest playing the first one over this if you haven't already, it is superior in every way except visually."
,Recommended,310060,18618780,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Skillah,"If you're a Fan of the first one, you'll love the second one even more. Personally I feel that they improved the classes while adding more content into this one compared to the first one.Features:-More Classes-More Items-More Characters-Better Artwork-New Skills"
76561198007313536,Recommended,310060,33613373,Posted: 17 July,all,Gamr2000,"If you are an olde timer gamer, like me = age 49, then you remember playing D&D w ur nerd buds in 7th-9th grade.This game is pretty awesome if you enjoyed those days. The DM has crazy wit n jokes for days. The team you assemble all have unique personalities. Combat plays out turn based w initiative, as well as several dmg effects.After 14 hrs I have taken my main party to lvl 28s. The amount of humour and pop culture jokes is very cool. Kinda like watchin a George Carlin concert. Random funniness done well!For $8 = a great deal, but catch it on sale for a real steal.CONS - if you are under the age of 20-25, this game may seem slow, stupid, and unexciting. If you like to read, and you have a good imagination, then this game soars.Probably limited replay value.SCOREI have recently unlocked several new character classes, and have some low level quests still available. Pretty cool bonus.I will be buying the $5 dragons dlc once i finish milking the base game. Definitely worth the money for an engaging, fun time.Well done, Kyy Games, a great product.10/10"
,Not Recommended,310060,31120388,Posted: 13 April,all,Blinkdog,"ok game it's only worth it if you get it on sale.1 was so much better that i beat that a few times but by the end of this i couldn't wait for it to be over. the game feels like it was halfa$$ed then they added 2 really scummy quests 1 you have to make a paradox account and one is to a pay wall that if you don't get the dragons dlc you can't continue though its a little more forgivable do to the ""pay wall"" joke (this dlc adds 2 areas, 1 dungeon, and some of the most brain dead/forced fights i ever seen - look for my review there about it).+it has a old school rpg feel+you can craft items before you get the receipt-special weapon drops are useless cause you can't upgrade them (i think this is so your forced to spend gold for good weapons on the iso version)-animations take way to long and get tedious after seeing them over and over and over.-quest that forces you to make a paradox account to complete (at lest the dragons dlc pay wall quest had relevance)-the 2 free dlc and even the pay one you are forced to rebuy in game with gold to unlock.-most classes are useless over others-most fights and npc's feel laze so they made a running joke about the dm being lazy to cover for it-only 5 characters per game (1 you could make 1 character out of every person you had) i feel this was done to make you grind gold to respec over swapping characters. hoping if your on the iso version you would just buy gold.- 2 bosses (1 is a optional boss from the dragons dlc the other is a boss to ""back to the source"" free dlc) that you need to be level 50+ to fight. i did all content and was L40 but these bosses rekted my guys hardcore.-no upgrade option for delux edition AGAIN"
,Recommended,310060,33142017,Posted: 2 July,all,camelotcrusade,"I love this game!  It hits all the rights notes for grinding, RPG growth, tactics and fun for me, all wrapped in a casual layer that makes it easy to jump in and out, try different strategies, and most importantly, win no matter what your party is* if you put in enough time to build them up and get them geared.  The  D&D humor and pop cultural references have me laughing more often than not, and the game has been a delightful way to turn off my brain and soak in the soothing pool of nerd that is Knights of Pen and Paper 2.*Okay, you might be able to hopelessly gimp yourself, but after succeeding with the less-than-ideal party I made, I'm convinced you have a fair amount of latitude to run with silly or terrible parties and still hack it (eventually)."
,Recommended,310060,34340635,Posted: 18 August,all,Jarrizard,"Jarrizard's pros and cons review+ Humorous dialogues+ Well drawn pixel-graphics+ Variety of playable classes+ Different skill builds for different play styles+ Lots of adventures+ Modern DnD feel- Bad itemization, any items works on any class- Progression is too fast, making the side-quests and other unlockables useless- Becomes stale after playing for awhile- Lack of variety in items- Repetitive BGM- Mediocre storyEnd of review"
76561198038795239,Recommended,310060,18663038,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,heathkun,"I recommend this game, but only barely.For me, the real issue is that there just doesn't seem to be enough content to fill out the containers they created for features.   Whether it's classes, or playable characters, or places to explore, or craftable recipes, or skill options and diversity.   Just as an example of this, the first few times you manage to roll a perfect 20 while traveling you will find an enjoyable event.   But after that, nah.   They just didn't create more than a couple.  It's like someone checked the boxes for all of these features the community wanted or was brought over, but just didn't commit to building them out in a way that the player can enjoy for very long.The only reason I can give this a recommend safely is that you will get 10+ hours of enjoyment out of it for 10 dollars.  That's a decent value.   But it could have been a lot better."
,Not Recommended,310060,33770750,Posted: 24 July,all,Smarf,"There's just two strategies in this game: abuse the Stun condition or fail miserably.Knights of Pen and Paper 2 is not a bad game: the price is reasonable, you can get about 20 hours from the game, and the writing, art, and music are all fun and well done.But however you dress it up, Knights of Pen and Paper 2 makes a great first impression but can't back that impression up over time.In years gone by this would have been a good free Flash game to play. It just doesn't stand up to the quality we have come to expect from modern games and even games released years ago. Compare this game to something like the free version of any Epic Battle Fantasy game and you'll soon see the gulf in quality between the two.Full ReviewAlmost every advertised element of the game is shallower than promised: Crafting is limited, battles have little variety, and there's little difficulty in choosing between different items for your characters as there's always a clear superior choice.GameplayBattlesIf this game was better balanced it could actually have a fun, deep, and original battle system. But it doesn't. Stun is easily the most valuable status condition for the player to be able to inflict and the most annoying for the enemy to inflict on your characters. If you're not using a character that can easily inflict mass stun (e.g. the Ninja) for regular battles or a character that can reliably inflict stun on bosses (e.g. the Ninja) you're probably playing the game wrong. Indeed the right set-up of characters can easily cross the rather thin line from difficult game to cheesing the entire game.TravelsOccasionally you'll roll a 20 and either get an item (that doesn't seem to scale) or access a secret. Or you'll roll a low number and be ambushed by monsters. Any of those outcomes are fun for the first few times they occur. The fun will stop pretty quickly. When you're having to cross the map for a quest and get ambushed multiple times by monsters that stopped being relevant hours ago it just becomes frustrating. In fact removing travel rolls would probably add a dollar to the value of this game.CraftingRelevant for a few quests and enchanting your items but is generally poor overall. A +1 Sword can't be re-enchanted to become a +2 Sword so you have to buy a new one, food items are generally a waste as if you need them in battle then your strategy is bad and the 10 gold health and mana potions often present better value for money, and crafted weapons can't be upgraded.Art and MusicFor the budget of this game the music is absolutely solid: it's not too repetitive, it isn't annoying, and it does a good job of setting the mood. The art is good but you'll quickly notice the amount of enemies that are just slight variations on previous enemies often with just a fresh coat of paint thrown on. Ultimately it's hard to be overly critical of recoloured assets in light of the price of the game and the other flaws that are much greater than taking a shortcut to inflate the number of different enemies.WritingEasily the highlight of the game but that doesn't mean a huge amount if you've read the other sections. There's many good puns and references in the game and most of them are of a decent quality. They can be cheesy in some places but that's not an issue if you enjoy that kind of thing.If you want my advice, pick this up on sale if you think you will enjoy the references. If you don't then I'd seriously recommend saing your time and money by playing something else as the gameplay element is sorely lacking.This is a review of Knights of Pen and Paper 2: Deluxiest Edition and includes all content currently released for this game on this platform."
,Not Recommended,310060,30920251,Posted: 3 April,all,drowZebra,"Played for a couple hours.Thought a small game like this would get really off the rails with its simple D&D concept, but it never really got there in the time I played.The game never grabbed me or surprised me in anyway.Had a chuckle or two, but I don't think I will bother continuing."
,Recommended,310060,23962343,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lysanya,"Knights of Pen and Paper 2 is a cute, quirky RPG game with a solid amount of customization options as soon as you load it up the very first time.  While I probably wouldn't recommend it at full price, I would definitely recommend it at the current 2016 Summer Sale price."
76561198137477319,Recommended,310060,33002749,Posted: 29 June,all,SnowFox404,DnD for those who dont have the friends to play DnD
,Recommended,310060,18688820,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Soap MacTavish,"Knights of Pen and Paper 2TL;DRIDOrecommend this game, if it is on sale.Decent overall, all though the price is a tad steep for the amount of play you will receive. If the Deluxe version was priced at the regular version then it would be no question. Alot of similar mechanics as the previous installment, with crafting added. Oh, and you can't just go anywhere right from the get go, you have to unlock each location through quests and the story line.6/10Detailed ReviewI am a huge fan of the first one, had it on mobile the instant I found it, and then bought the +1 Edition through Steam. With this in mind, I did not expect huge things from the second one, possibly some new mechanics, an interesting story line, and a just different enough feel that it wouldn't just be a ""recycled"" game.Which is mostly true.GameplayThe game plays almost the exact same as the first one. You pick your starting characters, with the difference being you can also choose from three races at the beginning, which add passive dice bonuses in three categories. The three categories are Body, Agility, and Mind. Body powering strength and health, Agility powering critical hit rates, accuracy and speed, and Mind powering the strength of your spells, and how much mana you have. All of the classes use mana, while for warrior and thieves it powers abilities instead of traditional spells.The different classes will also add bonus passives to some or all of the dice, for example, the Warrior class adds to the Body die, but nothing else, while the Ninja class (which you unlock later in the game) adds mostly to Agility, but a little to Body and Mind as well.Different classes include Warrior, Paladin, Thief, Cleric, and Wizard. There are others that you unlock with game progression. The classes are based on traditional roles, such as the Warrior being a hard hitting tanky dude, and the Thief being a sneaky backstabber, and so on.Each base character that you choose to fill a role will add small passives, such as the Jock adding an extra ""hand"" slot. Really it is a matter of experimentation to find the best Base/Race/Class combo to suit your needs and play style.Leveling up works like it did before, with gaining a single skill point to invest, and getting a small boost to health and mana. The skills for each class is pretty much what you would expect from the class type, like the Thief being able to use stealth to sneak up and deal massive first hit damage, and the Paladin to gain aggro and heal others, and so on.Later on you are able to add to your first three characters, up to a total of five. This costs gold, the ingame currency, and ramps up quickly. Gold is used in every aspect of gameplay, from buying weapons and items, to paying for crafting, and for adding the items to the ""play room"". The play room can have items added to it in order to provide bonuses to the gameplay, such as extra experience, gold, treasure, etc.GraphicsGraphics look almost the same, with slightly higher quality to the models and envrionment. Not a huge topic here.Music and SoundI found the music to be just average, nothing to write home about. The sound effects on hitting mobs and using spells sound rather recycled, but what would you really expect from a game that is intentionally made to feel like it is from the early 90's?ReplayabilityThis is probably the single worst factor about this game, as I don't know if there is a New Game + or anything like that. If there is, I haven't found it. Basically, as of right now, once you finish the side quests and the story, it seems to be done.VerdictDecent. 6/10Somethings could have been done better, such as a New Game + mode, possibly making the play room items cheaper, and adding more random quests. All in all, it won't feel like you wasted your time, but I would wait until the game is on sale before picking it up.IDOrecommend this game, IF it is on sale."
,Recommended,310060,30850099,Posted: 31 March,all,Kurumi=life,man this make me want to play dungeon and dragonslike A LOTi am buying one right now
76561198039381534,Recommended,310060,21199892,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Instinct.MissOfEvil,"A game about playing a game you say? Nerdception at its highest point, this sequal to Knights of Pen and Paper takes everything it did in the first instalment and makes it better, When i did my 100% completion playthrough it took me about 17hours which actually keept me engaged non stop without to much grinding. Since then more FREE content have been released and id heartily recomend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,310060,31708058,Posted: 12 May,all,Th1rteeN,"Awesome game for the price. It shows us an adventure based on a D&D style gameplay that is very interactive and with a lot of secrets (Like getting a 20 critical on a travelling dice). I recommend this game to everyone. It also has a version on Android, and it's free if you want to test before buying this one."
,Recommended,310060,22204525,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,PizzaDeliveryCat,"Review as of the ""Back to the Source"" Update, 02/04/2016, Time: 14:45, Hours Spent on Game: 12.8****THIS REVIEW MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS.I’ll put a tl;dr at the bottom, as my reviews are lengthy. I've also underlined more important points in my review, so you could read those and get the gist of my whole review, I think.This Review(You can skip this if you want, it's not the important part of the review)I am going to do something different than the traditional “pros and cons” reviews as well as the “numeric” reviews, because I think that I want to show something else with my reviews. I want to talk about the actual experience of the game itself more than just elements of the game. I, as a reviewer, don’t want to isolate myself from you (the person reading my review). I want to speak more about the experience that I’ve had with the game and what I thought might be valuable to someone who is wondering what they will experience when they play the game. I think that is much more organic and maybe other people might enjoy this review.Introductory ThoughtsThis game is a great way to sort of “wait” or “kill time” to wait for other big titles that you’re waiting to spend your money on. I mean, the game is rife with humor and references to the outside world, and you might have some experiences worth remembering, but it retains a lot of elements of Knights of Pen and Paper 1 (I will abbreviate the name of the game as KOPAP, because there is a character limit on reviews). It isn't to say ""this game isn't worth your time,"" but I would saydo a little bit of looking around if you are wary.And on this same note, this game does bring some new mechanics in that are worth mentioning, and I will get to that later.The Price and TimeWell, I just finished the main questline and I did get sidetracked somewhat, butit took me ~10 hours to complete. Along the way I met some odd characters, enemies, encounters, and all manner of strange things. I think it definitely has a story to it that's interesting. You have to put all the pieces together as you go along, but it’s interesting.I bought the game for $3.19, I think.So It isn’t overpriced at all. (The standard price for indie games nowadays seems to be $14.99 or so.)The DLC was $1.99 whenever I bought it, I think, and it added some extra content that I am going to play through.I would recommend buying it when it’s on sale, because it is $7.99 as its standard price, and while I don’t mean to imply that it isn’t worth that price, I would say to people who haven’t played KOPAP1 to watch videos of KOPAP2 before you jump right into it. You can absolutely jump into KOPAP2 and you won’t be missing much,but if you’re considering buying it, I would strongly recommend watching videos, and reading other reviews.My Experience:I’ve already mentioned that it took me approximately 10 hours to complete the campaign (while getting sidetracked). (Sidenote: I usually compare the amount of money I paid for the game to the amount of hours played, and if the hours is greater than the money, and I also feel gratified with my experience, then I usually like the game because I can walk away from it knowing it was a good investment.) It may seem repetitive at times, but there are things that do give it much more freshness (I’ll get into this in a bit).The fighting mechanic is a fairly standard turn based mechanic, but it’s based on something called “Initiative,” which you will find out in the game.The exploration mechanic is much like Knights of Pen and Paper 1.You travel from place to place with a fee of 5 gold, which ends up being negligible in the later game.The quests are standard as well; there isn’t much variation in the quest types, but the story is what made it interesting, to me.The New Mechanics and Graphics UpdateThere were a few things that were of note that brought a certain freshness to KOPAP2 that weren't present in KOPAP1. I'll list them, because I've already had enough paragraphs.Investigation- this mechanic added an ability where you can spend gold and find ""clues"" to unlock chests in certain locations and find certain items that can help you along your way, information that can help you with recipies, and other things I might be forgetting.Dungeons- This is a huge mechanic which I really won't go in to depth about, but it puts dungeons in the game, and it reminds me somewhat of the old game Nethack. You explore a dungeon, and descend, and find a boss, basically.Graphics Update- People might be wondering why I'm including this in here. Well, if you look at KOPAP1 against KOPAP2, there's a HUGE upgrade with the visual appeal. I much prefer the graphics of this game over KOPAP1. I thought this did add a lot to the game as well.Conclusion/tl;drKnights of Pen and Paper 2 was and still is a fun game for me. It had memorable references, whether they are modern or not. The characters were ridiculous and serious. The game as a whole was an enjoyable experience for me. If you're more focused on mechanics, I would say take a look at the game before buying it, becausethis game is really driven by the story. As I say in all my reviews:Don't take my word for it. Go look at videos, other reviews of this game, and maybe buy it. I hope you have fun, and thank you for taking the time to read my review."
76561198042768697,Recommended,310060,23795624,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,howardwillard,"Love this game, it's funny, witty, whimsical, polished and bug free.I have played thru it many times and still havn't tried all the combinations of character/player/skill choices I want to try out.My only request would be for a few more player choices so I could have every class in each save game."
,Recommended,310060,32899744,Posted: 27 June,all,SirMadame,"I laughed. A lot. Thank you.The dialogues in this game are pure gold.It gets quite grindy at some point, and not being able to pick up more than one quest is really, really annoying (as it only adds to the grindiness due to backtracking), but oh my gosh, this was enjoyable -  quite so even :)Don't be too fooled by it's simpe appearance - The different combinations of classes and usage of abilities and equipment can make for some enjoyable replaying."
,Recommended,310060,31005441,Posted: 7 April,all,Ryoku,"Overall a very nice game. I enjoyed the whole DnD aspect of the game. I thought the character selection was a bit lacking, but each one had very nice and adaptive skills for any situation to come. Couldn't put it down, until I finished the game itself, and even then, I'm on the road to 100%, which as of this review, is probably done by now. 14-15 hours of well worth adventuring through dungeons, killing slimes, fowlbears, and other strange creatures.Very fun for the price point (currently $5). 8.5/10.I usually go into my games with next to zero expectations. Makes it better that way, since I'm not really looking for anything to wow me, or blow me out of the water."
,Recommended,310060,25188363,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,_LHOOQ,"Very enjoyable and humorous game with relatively simple mechanics. A rehash of Dungeons and Dragons style tabletop games as a single player desktop game. The Easter Eggs make the game. I bought this game on sale, definitely a great value for the amount of time and anjoyment I've gotten from the game."
76561198000385268,Recommended,310060,25365681,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,[LINUX]oldrocker99,"Lots of fun (as was the first one), and a great way to pass a few minutes, or hours for that matter. Pretend to be adults playing a RPG, pretending to be heroes and have a ball!"
,Recommended,310060,32752719,Posted: 24 June,all,Karlleh,"I haven't played KoPP1, so this game is really fun to me with the variety of character classes and nerdy lines."
,Recommended,310060,18690017,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Guesswhoiwas,Great game! Loved the +1 edition. I picked up KoPP2 Deluxe edition because the Digital Art Book looked awesome I'm a sucker for pixel art.Seems this sequel has better UI. More playable classes - Hunter is really fun this far into the game... Better art style/graphics (if that even matters). Dungeon/Raid system is really fun.Worth every penny.
,Not Recommended,310060,20229401,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sotiris The Firebrand,"I love the first game, but I didn't like this one at all.It's extremely short, tedious and sometimes boring. I did everything, including the ""DLC"" and I wasn't satisfied at all.Let me give you this breakdown:*Crafting: I am not a fan of crafting at all in videogames, and this one wasn't an exception. You can craft some items and enchant items, but the enchanting is underwhelming, since you can make an item either +1 or +2 or +3, no special bonuses or making them powerful afterwards. Any unique items you find on the field won't be better than your enchanted items. Also, I got the feeling crafting was added, since all other games have crafting.*Quests: This goes for both main story and side quests. ALL of them are either ""Go to that place and fetch this"" or ""Kill X number of monsters"". There is only one variety, and that is a ""mystery"" quest, where you ""investigate"" a place and of course by ""investigating"", I mean click those options and see what happens. Yeah, the first game had the first two, but here, to the sequel of that game, I was expecting more variety, more quests, bigger, longer, better. But no, we got nothing.*Gold: I wasn't sure how to write it down, but another thing you will face toward the end, is you have nowhere to spend gold. I got all availible Game Room items (by the time I write this, BTW), I crafted and enchanted a good gear and everything from the two Magazines, including the 4.99 ""DLC"" and Monk, and then you get more gold and there is nothing you will spend it on. At the end of the main story + ""DLC"", I had over 2000 gold and they were sitting over there.*Conditions: The worst part of the combat of this game. Attacks can cause stun, confusion, bleeding, burning, poison etc status effects, but 99% of the times they work against you, since the enemies will get rid of it either immediately or at the beginning of the turn with a save roll. Also, in some places you have special conditions that also work against you, like in Big Town the special effect is MOB and each round there is a 25% chance a Thief will appear as your enemy. Or in the Tower of Broken Balance, the effect there called Broken Balance, the enemies do +25% damage, while you do -25% damage. They are useless and against the player. Also, how can someone achieve Sudden Death at all, when all everything you cast are gone almost immediately.*Length: It's an extremely short game. My play time, that is I was sitting and playing, should be lower than what Steam says, due to some RL stuff I was doing. And if you don't do the ""DLC"" quests, your play time will be even shorter. And the places you explore are fewer than the first game. The only thing it might add some time are the investigations you can do in each area, but those can be done in 1 minute. And they add nothing, since they are either items you can buy from the stores, or some unique items you won't use or recipes for items you won't make at all.I will say the writing is good, with some good jokes but it won't save it from being a subpar from the first game. And I see they will release DLCs in the future, but after I beat 100% of the availibt content, I won't return back to it."
76561198013064808,Not Recommended,310060,19029179,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,carrier,"I had a lot of fun in the beginning of this game.This is just the sort of game I like.The first 4½ hours were great, until I found out I was at the end game boss, which outright killed my slightly underleveled party.So I restarted, setting out the goal of not having that happen again.Since no boss can recieve status ailments other than bleed I kept away from anything but Health/mana, DPS and bleed, which is silly.I cleared everything and I do mean everything. I have no secrets nor missions left in my game and my characters are between level 34 and 36.The crafting system is uninteresting and too restrictive. I have not found any recipies that were not on a secret or built in from the beginning, so it would seem that there are nothing to discover here.Once you realize what is the optimal build, then save for a few secret weapons, there are only a very few ways to setup your characters, which are optimal.All this would be ok, if it wasn't for the unskipable battles. When I'm level 35, I shouldn't be stopped by a level 2 monster group, which takes me about 1-2 minutes to kill, thus wasting my time gaining 5xp and a few coins. When you want to make sure that you haven't missed anything or you want to perform a quest traveling. You shouldn't have to waste your time every time you need to travel more than 3-5 roads.This will happen about 5-7 times per quest. Making me feel very frustrated, when I just want to get on with the quest.I had some fun, but ultimately this game became a chore when I wanted to make sure I didn't have to start over again."
76561198015850705,Not Recommended,310060,18679254,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Old Man Bwal,I was so looking forward to this game having loved the first one so much that I had multiple play through's on it.Bought this one on that fact alone and was almost immediately dissapointed gonna put the bullit points into some pro's and cons and let you decide:Pro:- Combat system saw some much needed love- Traveling felt fun due to bonus area's unlocked occasionally- Dungeon system Is a huge improvement explosation wiseCon:- Character customization actually felt worse there were far less choices on class's and players.- Crafting felt super unimportant first game any time you upgraded your gear it was a great power increase In this game though it was buy best weapon buy bets scroll combine and done forever.- Campaign had Zero challenge every encounter was easily beatable without any beforehand preperation.- Game room customization has next to Zero options in comparison to original game.- Dungeons offer no challenge to players.- Can pretty much go the entire game without having anything in your trinket or armor slot as long as your weapon is up to date.- No ability variance literally putting every level up point into a single talent is a viable option especially if that option is a multitarget ability.There are additional Con's but at that point it gets in to the nit picky details of my personal play style.Anyways make your decision yourself.
,Recommended,310060,18686545,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Five7,"So far a terrific game; however, pales in comparison to it's predecessor in content and enjoyment.It's very short, and seems a little less challenging.  Overall great.  But the price, being more expensive than the first game, for much less content seems a little out there.  Hopefully they keep adding to this game to make it as fun as KP&P 1.  And hopefully they don't decide to blast the hell out of it with microtransactions to access this content.In the end it's worth the buy if you get it on sale.Also, devs, if you are reading this, for the MILLIONTH time, please, for the love of God and all that is holy: Add a feature to Knights of Pen and Paper 1 on mobile to CHOOSE AND LOCK SCREEN ORIENTATION.  It's such a simple feature, and it would solve many a headache for people like me I'm sure.Also for KP&P 2, the randomized dungeons are ok; but, it seems strange that you can't just click on the room you want to go to unless you are adjacent to it.  It's pointless to make you revisit every previous room for no reason other than to move on.  I've played other games with a similar style dungeon and their saving grace was allowing you to skip redundant room travel and just move on to where you haven't yet been."
76561198027513419,Recommended,310060,32877143,Posted: 27 June,all,CptTuesday,"Excellent gameplay, and great humor"
76561198105388735,Recommended,310060,24471797,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Death_o_ear,"One of the best turn-based RPGs ever made (there are thousands of turn-based RPGs). It has a WONDERFUL mix of funny one-liners, hilarious characters, fun fights, and O.P. classes.If you want to embark on a quest of Dungeons & Dragons like adventures that are hilarious this game is for you!(btw i rate this 9/10)"
,Recommended,310060,26005782,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,lawler197,"WHOO. my first review. 27 hours, not alot is it? but i digress and will do my best as per reviewing this product, now im going to give you this right off the bat. i dont expect most people to like this review or agree with me. with that out of the way lets get on with it shall we?Mechanics: Its a turn based rpg set in a fluxuating timeline, sometimes you go to the past sometimes more futuristic, you can have 5 players with a small differance in choices of players, some will have ability like surfer who will get rid of one statis ailment per round he plays only to himself. as for classes most of them feel stronger rthen others depending on the fight, this is a good thing as depending on the fight some classes shine to show they arent useless. to get more characters or classes you have to complete quests or buy them from the magazine.Fighting: Okay so here i have many complaints and a few compliments, lets start with the compliments shall we? Each class compliments eachother in a variety of ways, you can be a Warlock to sap away enemy hp and give it to your characters instead of the normal cleric build. or also where paladin can heal as well, as for melee builds, for me they didnt stick very well as the magic users (Cleric,mage,psion,warlock) as most of them seemed just.. weaker. i had a ninja who i guess you could say is supposed to be a bit weaker but it doesnt excuse that when my wizard, without any head items at level 30- ish had 200 while he sat at a measly 170 for a MELEE build. but i do enjoy the ninja as later game he does get to shine a bit when he doesnt get hit in the first round, the art for the attacks are also amazing for each class. the only ones i have a gripe with is cleric's healing ability which is basicly just a orb above their head and the warlock's transfer life ability which just has a infinity sign when hitting the enemy, they could have made it much cooler. now for thew bigger gripes. dungeons. oo time to lay it down on this one. im going to make a completely different section.Dungeons!...: whoo boy. lets get on with this, at the beginning the dungeon concept sounded awesome! and the first try it was! it was everything i wanted from a dungeon! but 'oh no' i hear from you as i stated earlier i had to lay in on this one. but just wait. now. it feels really rewarding... in the beginning. the second dungeon i remember going into besides the sewer (maybe the sewer was i dont remember?) was the broken balance one. by now we are about at level 13 - 17 i dont remember the exact level it starts, we will get into this soon but it was REALLY TRUELY BROKEN. if it was supposed to not be fun and annoying them dang did you devs do it well, it was my least favorite dungeon in the whole game.  the rating system on the quests are bs. i remember atleast having to grind up to 2 - 3 levels higher then i was supposed to be just to get past the 1rst floor soon dying a few times to the boss WITH healing items. now for the rewards, the fights are constant so you get a bit of xp, but not enough to make it pay off. also the treasure. at my level 30 characters in a dlc (will get to soon) with 3000+ gold in my pocket im only getting small gems +5 hp and like.. 10 coins per treasure room. in a level 30 dungeon. what the ♥♥♥♥ devs. not only is it annoying to grind through all the enemies, along with the crappy loot and making you spend a good bit of money on pheonix up's because you CANNOT REST IN A DUNGEON. i get it. dont worry. you want it to be tense. but up the rewards and dont spam enemies and traps every room to only be healed by some water that gives 20 hp. thats all. sigh. well. thats all i have to say about dun- oh. wait. i forgot. it almost slipped by me. the effects. along with spamming traps and enemies there are random effects pn the battle fiend. like broken balance which makes all your attacks do -50% DMG and +50% DMG to your enemies attacks... WTF. or like when you cant do critical damage or everybody takes 5 DMG... and may i say that when that happens it only happens to your characters? not the enemies as well? even if the enemies do hits we take the damage, not them. it is really annoying when this happens and it makes it feel like a cheap way to make it harder without being fun. onto the next section of this review.Story: Its okay. thats all i have to say. its average. the best part of the game is side quests, secrets and fighting. the sotry suddenly ends after a battle that feels the same as the others, hell the final boss seemed weak compared to what i expected. now to the next topic.DLC: This is the last part of the review. now, i didnt play the monk one but i have played the dragon one, what i know of the monk one is you unlock a class and it seems to be mid game, the dragons are post game, thus far the dragons ones are a welcome sight, except for the encounters. the quests for the dragon nes can be repetitive at times and seemly just giving you free exp. which is fine. for the price point it is at i would suggest it only if you liked this game enough to play it for a little bit longer, i will give a brief summary nowSummary: So whats up with that good ratin huh? well.. i cant brng myself to hate it. i love the rpg elements and its battles are fun when tailored correctly which happens often you just have to wait. honestly right now i wish there was a 'meh' option. this game is awesome for me but i KNOW people wont like it. i know i hated it for a little bit but kept pushing forward. all i wish is that if you liked knights of pen and paper one, you might like this game. its tory is shorter but i enjoyed it when it was good and hated it when it was bad. i hope this review helps and i will be on my way. hope it helps"
,Not Recommended,310060,28287162,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Nyapano - 猫,"I had good hopes for this game. I personally loved the first one, but this game is too fast to explain mechanics, not going into enough detail and ultimately rushing the entire thing. I also can't stand the tryhard pixel graphics here. In the last game, the graphics were crisp and well done, but in this one they just seem too... accurate to what they're trying to represent. It outdoes the rest of the game and brings standards that this kind of game cannot realistically achieve."
,Recommended,310060,23715797,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Metadragon,"Fans of the first will enjoy this, despite the different dev. For everyone else its a tongue in cheek reference to old school Pen and Paper RPGing, and a good one that had me smiling most of the way. Well worth the price."
76561198058442015,Not Recommended,310060,33414492,Posted: 9 July,all,gallifrey,"Generally mediocre with one major negative to push it into ""not recommend""The idea is clever.  Meta the entire FRPG experience by playing the players not the characters,However: -Having come up with a great idea they don't really do anything with it.  The script and jokes are really lame and they really underuse the concept.  The ability to change the game by changing the physical environment in which the game is played has been removed from this sequel.The graphics are poor for 2015, even for an indie, and are roughly on the level of a colourised Pokemon Red and Blue.The game's mechanics mean that it is impossible to add new characters until your original charactes are level 6 or thereabouts so you have to nursemaid them to avoid being one shot killed by enemy.  Death is a minor iunconvenience in the game but still an irritant.This version dispenses with the original's most annoying mechanic - a Blacksmith who starts off with a 35% chance of successfully upgrading your kit.  Here you buy stuff in shops - the downside being once you xheck it out the store has affordable far better kit than you get for adventuring.Game balance is mediocre.  Your characters start with four abilities and all you do over the course of the game is upgrade them.  Virtually every fight thus resolved as my fighter increasing threat to draw all the enemy attacks, Cleric healing him and others, and the kill work being done virtually always by my Wizard's fireball and my Thief's knife storm.Most irritating is the second dungeon in.  The dungeons are all randomly generated but have the same mix of monsters and traps.  If you leave to Heal you have to start over.  The second dungeon effectively consists of four fights and some traps.  But your characters get so battered during the first two fights that you have to keep leaving and returning.  I ended up doing the same dungeon twenty times before increased skill levels and better use of kit got me through.The worst aspect of the game is the most intrusive DLC I've ever seen in a paid game.  There are magazines where you can buy artefacts and new characters using in game gold but also advertise whhat appears to be four DLC - excessive for a casual ""skit"" game.However once in game I was offered a new mission at the other end of the map, spent in game gold to travel to it, and was shocked to find it was paid DLC.  This sort of interuption downgrades the value of free to plays but is unforgiveable in a paid game.  This game retails at the price of a movie or a CD off sale so this left a bad taste in my mouth.Without this the game would have been a borderline - a very good idea let down by mediocre execution.  But this sort of money grubbing is ruining gaming and it's shocking to find it amongst the lower half indies.S.x."
,Recommended,310060,22400186,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Exterminans27,"I bought Knights of Pen and Paper 2 because I just wanted a nice little game that was simply fun, easy entertainment and that I could play on my laptop while relaxing on the couch or just laying in bed. =DWhat I found was a real gem!When I first started the game, it was just one of these moments where I didn't really have anything to do and just wanted to check out the game, 7h later I had to force myself to stop so I wouldn't play through the entire thing in one session.It's super fun, highly addictive and just overall a really great game.Highly recommended!"
76561197991816198,Recommended,310060,22430455,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Splattered_Cat,"I love Knights of Pen and Paper +1, I loved this game. I can't say it was an improvement because how do you improve perfection? It was a worthy sequel though and I had a blast playing it."
,Recommended,310060,22371577,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,WollloW,"I can't stop playing this game please send helpSeriously though, the gameplay is nice, it's funny, it looks good : it's definitely worth its price.9/10 because that last achievement really gets on my nerves"
,Recommended,310060,25369478,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Phenisky,Addicted and Fun.but has to pay for DLC at some point.
76561198084622430,Recommended,310060,31008265,Posted: 7 April,all,Rathowyn,"I came to this version of Knights of Pen & Paper before finding the original.  I'm not going to bother comparing the two as I've barely touched the first game.  I'll also add the caveat that I haven't finished the KoP&P2 main campaign yet.This is a solid, humorous and quite engaging game that portrays tabletop gaming in a surprisingly accurate light, from the party diversity to the edition loyalty to the gaming magazines.  Experienced tabletop gamers will recognise the majority of the references, both positive and negative, while those new to tabletop gaming may get some idea of the elements that make it such a rewarding - and at times frustrating - hobby.  Having done my share of GMing over the years, something I find very familiar are those moments when the GM in this game seems to shrug and roll with some ridiculous thing one of the party has just suggested.There is no main protagonist in the game per se, and instead the player takes on the role of a whole party of aspiring adventurers.  The GM takes the party through a whirlwind series of adventures in a broad gaming world that will challenge, amuse and annoy at various times.  It is a love note to the hobby which preceded (and eventually gave rise to) computer RPGs and should be taken with several grains of salt.  Sprinkled with more than its share of absurdist humour, this is not a game that you're supposed to be taking seriously.  The world's called Paperos.  If that doesn't give you enough of a hint as to the game's intended ambience, I doubt anything will.The player options are stereotypes which, I feel, manage to be entertaining without belittling or insulting the hobby's fans.  From the Jock to the Goth to the Cheerleader, everyone has some unique talent to bring to the table, all of which are useful.  The class types are varied and yet familiar.I heartily recommend this game, but only to players who can enjoy the absurd.  If you can't help but approach tabletop gaming with your 100% Absolute SRS BSNS Face on, you probably won't enjoy KoP&P2.  The game is laden with culture references (just like plenty of real tabletop games I've been involved with), some of which are groan-worthy and others quite clever, so if that isn't your poison I suggest you look elsewhere.  Likewise, if you're a misogynistic♥♥♥♥♥♥who can't stand women in gaming, best leave this alone.The only real complaint that I have regarding this game is the complete lack of a campaign creation tool.  This would be an ideal game for allowing users to create and share their own campaign scripts, whether set in Paperos or in user-created worlds.  Particularly on Steam, this would add a dimension to the game which would fit the genre perfectly.  If the developers ever expand Knights of Pen & Paper 2, or ever happen to make Knights of Pen & Paper 3, I would suggest strongly that user-made campaigns would be a shining gem in this somewhat pixellated crown."
,Recommended,310060,30999353,Posted: 7 April,all,[a2m] Neony,"I got this game 75% off and couldn't stop playing it.  Worth every penny and more!  Very good story and it is really quite funny. It plays just like I would play a tabletop RPG. <3The good part about the game is it the mechanics are easy to grasp, but the fights can be a little challenging--I didn't just 1 hit everything.I had an issue on the final boss though; if the boss killed itself on me, the game bugged and I had to restart the entire fight... This happened two times, unintentionally, so that is something to pay attention to.The DLC is fun and makes the game a lot longer.  However, I didn't want to take the time to level up new characters, so the extra classes didn't get a lot of action from me.  I still have a bit more of the DLC, end-game stuff to do, but I am finding my progression really slow down. Due to the bad team composition I have, each boss fight has been extremely painful.  I am not sure I have the attention span to pick it back up and adjust everything since I spent all my in-game money.Highly recommend though, all of my complaints are mostly because of my own poor planning.--I have 100% completed the game now and I really enjoyed it.  Though, random encounters had become really annoying towards the end and some of the monsters you need to kill are really hard to find.One thing that helped  a lot was the respec option available so I could beat some of the end-game bosses.  Although the respec is pricey, it was absolutely worth it and changed my scrub team into champions.I do not recommend trying to 100% the game because farming mobs is really annoying, but if you need help finding them, just ask me! :)"
,Recommended,310060,18818052,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Congenital Heart Disease,It's just like CSI but with more giant toads.
76561198056495035,Recommended,310060,32158076,Posted: 3 June,all,krysanth3mum,"At $8, I would recommend ant rpg fan to get this game. It has serious moments, funny moments, a good crafting system, tons of quests, and also a few secrets for you to find along they way. I my opinion, fantastic game."
76561198067505253,Recommended,310060,22179434,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Protomario,"DD with some great Pixel art and Humor.If you enjoy table top RPG's you will enjoy this, it has less adventure and more battles, so the questing is to the point with little where do I go and what do I do.Great game, great price, whats not to like."
76561198008243621,Recommended,310060,21689046,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Kilian,It's a great game!!!Can't wait for the next Expansion
,Recommended,310060,22443172,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Squeak,"Big fan of the first game, I find this one keeps the humor and enjoyable combat and even improves a lot of things. The unique properties of certain drops make for a lot of fun variation of party builds, good assortment of characters, fun enchanting and crafting system, and plenty of rather difficult dragons to slay in the late game.If you liked the first game, you'll most likely be pleased with this one as well."
,Recommended,310060,22568182,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,chroma,"This is a really fun romp, somewhere between an early-90s JRPG and a tabletop role playing game simulator, very tongue-in-cheek, and a ton of artistic and musical and coding talent on display. Well worth the price of entry, and quite enjoyable both to play an to experience."
,Recommended,310060,22877612,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,shangzealot,This is my first time playing tabletop RPG and man it sure was a good experience. Interactions between characters and game master was just too hilarious especially with all the sarcasm and nerdy jokes which I couldn't really relate to (I'm not nerdy enough too bad). Graphics is much better than the first one (although haven't played the first game) but overall it was a fun gaming time. Not too much grinding and the reason I spent almost 30 hours was obviously to get all the achievements (the last one sucks lol).
,Recommended,310060,25311524,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,libbylove,I just started this game and have 2 players at lvl 9 this game is soo much fun. Its funny and creative and you can have a NINJA!!! :D
,Recommended,310060,25446751,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Aase,"Very enjoyable game experience. Although I've finished the main questline, I don't feel like I'm limited in what I have left to do. The gmae is played from the perspective of your characters sitting at a table, so it isn't so much action oriented as it is story and humor oriented. I never played the first one, but have considered buying it."
,Recommended,310060,20100886,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,XanaX,"This is a very good game, with tonns of interesting content.... also the chosing date of birth while creating paradox account was the most hardest challenge in my life"
,Recommended,310060,25924588,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Barkie_Mailman,"Short Review:I recommend this game, but with a major warning: The status conditions in this game are super annoying. Make a party that really avoids using status afflictions and it's a better experience.Longer explanation:Ok, So I love the first game. When I initially bought this, I played for a few hours and ultimately gave it up. The status conditions are such a pain. You can inflict an enemy with 3 conditions, only to have him roll BEFORE his turn begins and dispel all conditions for free. I think that the devs made it this way because it's possible to give an enemy 6-7 different conditions and they suffer from SUDDEN DEATH. I don't think this should have been a feature at all. I did this once during my game to get the achievement, and it's fairly hard to do with a party built specifically to do this. You certainly don't need to worry about getting it from routine play.A few months later I came back to this and decided to try the game again and avoid the status afflicting skills and equipment, and then I really enjoyed it. I focused on damage dealing, damage reduction, threat and healing and now I think the game is almost better than the first one. I'm looking forward to a KOPP3 now and will buy on day 1 for sure :)"
,Not Recommended,310060,35029205,Posted: 17 September,all,Rinabin,"Enjoyable, but the entire ""this is a generic adventure"" routine falls flat pretty quickly.Every time the DM is lazy as a joke, also apply it to the developer.Feels like balance is just not there.Misuse of Tarasque.Beware the microtransactor."
,Recommended,310060,18801965,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,VG Purist,Turn based RPG set in a universe where your characters are actually players playing the pen and paper version of what you are experiencing in game.Few changes from the first one make this a bit different and somewhat better than the original.If you like turn based combat RPG systems than you will like this game. The difficulty does vary but thankfully never stressful.I was able to beat the main quest storyline in 10 hours.  The lack of secondary missions give this one not as much flavor as the first Knights of pen and paper.$5 DLC  when the main storyline is already feeling a bit lacking is somewhat alarming.Please purchase at a discounted price but otherwise a fun and enjoyable game.https://youtu.be/FZvSnciTesQ
,Recommended,310060,18657222,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Super Alexa,"A lighter adventure compared to the first one, its very fun and goes at a nice pace"
,Recommended,310060,30938054,Posted: 4 April,all,Tuddles,"I always wanted Knights of Pen and Paper +1 but I never got it. However, when I saw Knights of Pen and Paper 2 was out, I had to get it. I was worth it. I have always been of a fan of RPGs, and I play D&D (Dungeons and Dragons), so this game really pleased me. I love all the pop-culture refernces and the humour. It definately has strategy to it, making it all the better.I definately reccomend this, especially to RPG fans."
76561198035468045,Recommended,310060,22476660,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Gimzi,"Fun little game, worth playing if you enjoy table top RPGs.10/10 farm more bandits."
76561198062446764,Recommended,310060,28761778,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[ 8-Bit Staple Gun ],"I recommend this game, but only buy it if it's on sale. It's a fun, cute tabletop RPG inspired game that's pretty simple and easy, but there are a few things that I really dislike about it.Firstly, the length of the game itself is good, (The 10 hours I've played on it was enough to clear every mission in the game) however, the devs have included 2 DLCs in the game for $5.00 each, which I think is insane. You even get to these new locations and are prompted to buy the DLC. It felt like the devs are just trying to squeeze more money out of people by shilling this stupid DLC.Secondly, you unlock every ability within the first few levels of the game. This means that through the entire game, the combat is exactly the same. You spam the same 3 abilities over and over until you win. The condition system is also broken, because monsters get 2 chances per round to resist the condition (once when it is delivered and once when it's their turn) meaning that most of the time when you burn/confuse/stun/poison/weaken an enemy, it ends up doing nothing.Bottom line, I only paid like $2 for it, and I enjoyed myself. The combat leaves something to be desired, and I would never buy the DLC, but the fun music, comfy atmosphere, and witty RPG jokes make it a decent purchase."
76561197983131544,Recommended,310060,29574096,Posted: 29 January,all,Metatron,"Some times there are some hidden Diamonds in game industry , this is one of em for us kids of the 80s that grew up with the good old dnd and merp , i recomend it only to people who played those games in their youth as younger people might not get hit by the nostalgia factorFor me is a solid game ty devs for the great work"
76561198034134159,Not Recommended,310060,21053739,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Wonderferkel,"As much as I'd like to give this game a positive review, I cannot.Why?Pros:Funny puns, a lot of jokes that made me laugh out loudMore interesting skills than in KoPP1More players/classesMore ways to actually play each classCons:All of the upper are irrelevant in endgame, because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ random number generatorExtremely short compared to Kopp1Seems like a cashgrab compared to Kopp1Why am I so agitated because of the RNG?Here goes:In endgame or the DLC you will find yourself put up against enemies with one high stat and usually one middle and one low stat. The system works like this: substract the stat for which you have to roll from 20 and you get your target number, e.g. you have 9 Body and roll for weakness, you have to roll 11+ to be successful. If you suffer any malus on the roll, you substract it from the appropriate stat, e.g. body roll -6 for a character with 9 body would result in a final stat of 3 giving a target number of 17+.Good, now you know how this works. Why am I bummed out? Because your goddamn useless freaks keep rolling 1-5constantlywhile your enemies get one 20 after another! How do I know this? When your enemy has 10 body, 7 senses and 6 mind and is faced with the ""judgement"" skill from my high level cleric, this is what happens all the time:Judgement lets you roll, once for each stat, you fail, you get hit,butmy cleric has so many skill points, he applies a -6 penalty to each roll.  For this enemy, the target numbers would be as follows: 16+ for body; 19+ for senses and a straight natural 20 for mind. Statistically speaking, it would be a miracle (or anathema, depends on your POV) for such enemies to constantly succeed more than one saving throw right?Nope, not in this game. 80% of the time you can be happy, that your enemies get hit even ONCE. And that skill even is a vulnerability of the said enemy. Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?Your Warrior, on the other hand, has 9 body and needs to roll unmodified to get rid of weakness, so 11+ is the TN.Nedless to say, that in 80% of all cases he never managed to remove the weakness by himself until the fight ended.Essentially, statistically speaking, the random number gen is perfect, because on the average, all rolls are equally distributed between high and low... except that the enemies keep hogging all the high rolls while you get the 1-12s.Sorry, but this is no fun, and the RNG simply made the game a mess and the longer I played, the more angry it made me, because I dumped skillpoints into skills, which mathematically made sense to have, but enemies keep resisting even if they are reduced to zero stats due to attached penalties in said skills. In the end you will find that damage is the only thing to go for, even critical is super-useless as my warrior with 9% crit get as many crits as my rogue with 54% chance to crit. Get your dirt together paradox, there are so many statistical and mathematical applications to avoid exactly this, which are not even that hard to program."
76561198280985569,Not Recommended,310060,31018318,Posted: 8 April,all,Pvt. Prtz,It make you pay more hooks you in and charges you to continue.
76561198010748161,Not Recommended,310060,18838749,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Vinny Vally,"Well, that was a let-down.. Sort of..The first KoPP (+1) was amazing. Yes there were some annoyances from it (like the damn horse noise in travel!!) but otherwise it was very fun! The games humor was spot on and it really made the game worth every second. Sadly in this, KoPP 2, I don't see it. It lacks.. It tries and tries, but never really gets your funny bone... At all. Specifically by the point where it used the same joke for the 8th time.I'm also somewhat dissapointed at the lack of choosable players (as characters) and races and classes..Players: There were a LOAD of these in the first game.. Why couldn't they have simply carried some of them across? It's not like they were game breaking 0.oRaces: There are 3, and I find myself choosing Elf almost 100% of the time. Why not create 3 more races and give each race a total +2 bonus across the 3 stats... More options is more variety is more fun. I think it would take little effort to create 3 additional races..Classes: Where did they go? I'm sure there were more in the first one.. I think I had to get 50% of the way through the game to come across a new class that I liked so there was my 5th player... I WAS waiting to get something more magic based, as that's what I prefer, so I held out for ages only to find there was nothing coming.. Very dissapointed with this sadly to say.The gameplay is a little repatitive... Actually a lot... The first is similar, but it was a first time attempt so again in this I was hoping for a little more. Perhaps a little weather, or heaven forbid the trees sway or something.. Each area has different art, but that's it. I find it all very grindy but with nothing dangling infront of me to entertain the outcome of said grinding.. It's grinding for nothing.. I'm fairly sure that has and never will be a successful use of my time.Sad to say that I cannot recommend this game in it's state at all. It's just very very boring. It was boring from about the 4 hour mark, but I kept going hoping that it became as fun as the first. Personally, the first game is the one to get - I recommend that!"
76561197980786340,Not Recommended,310060,25420652,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,czman811,"I cannot recommend this game.  It seems like a quick cash grab to take advantage of the first games success.  Game is very short, and adds no depth to the orignal game. It seems like it is more shallow and made with far less effort.  Games like these should not be bought and developers should be shunned for pushing out sequels that are inverios in just about every way to the original. The first game was a good starting point, but far to simple a game to take a step back in sequel.Don't purchase at any price.  Also the game is gated behind a pay wall.  A very bad joke that no customer should find funny in the least."
76561198032169354,Recommended,310060,25299672,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ColdCell,"i played for freaking 3hours stright after i thought i was just going tryng it out for 10mins, WTF, this games is an addictive one."
,Not Recommended,310060,28749431,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,爱阔少,"I like the first one better, though this is also not bad.Thumbs down just to give those who are new to this series a note: Play Knights of Pen and Paper +1 first, if you really want more then try this.A few differences compared to KoPP1:-Seems shorter, I didn't finish all the side quests though. But it's like only taking me half the time of KoPP1.-Pixel art isn't as impressing, no I mean, this doesn't even look like pixel art, just low-res art.-Much, much slower combat. Slow animations, slow ""saving throws"" when handling debuffs.-Balancing issues, dungeons seems too difficult and normal encounters too easy. Just because you can't recover in dungeons and have to fight 5-10 group of enemies and deal with traps.(which, I guess you'll fail the saving throw 2/3 of the times and take a lot of damage) Dungeons are also difficult in KoPP1 but they only appear in late game.-Investigation, good idea but bad execution: Throw dice and accumulate the investigation points to get items. So? What you actually do is click a few times and watch the slow dice animation repeatedly.-Saving throws, enemies now have a chance to negate your debuff every turn. so, 1) the slow dice animation makes you bored, and 2) skills that inflict debuff/dot effect isn't that useful. Unlike KoPP1, there was no saving throw, so instant damage skills are time effective(so you finish enemies in shorter turns and take less damage) and debuffs/dots are MP cost effective, which is really better balanced.-Equipments, enchants, creating items. Some people maybe like this but IMO KoPP is good because of its simplicity. Adding complexity just makes it bland.-The humor in the dialogs is still good though."
76561198087864882,Recommended,310060,18619502,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jeff,"This game is actually quite good.  Simple, no P2W, interesting dialog and a big old scoop of retro paper gaming."
,Recommended,310060,23841721,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kailen,"I enjoyed the game.  Similiar vein to the first.  Yes, it has some issues, you can level faster than the quests, there's a lot of repetetion, a bit of grinding for all the final stuff.  But in the end, it provided the same type of humorous story that I was hoping for.  I'd like to see a little more incentive to swap out party members though.  Generally speaking, once you have your party, there's not a lot of reason to grab one of the new characters you run across.  I'd almost like to see a ""split the party"" situation in 3.  Play up players who miss sessions, etc.  Things that happen in real pen and paper campaigns."
76561198021697412,Recommended,310060,18644076,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,A Gumba,"HUGE, HUGE, HUGE glitch in the game.When I picked it up this morning.I couldn't put it down."
76561198158149244,Not Recommended,310060,18667056,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,tuckboat,"This game is kind of a wash. If you are looking for casual RPG that focuses on JRPG format I might looosely recommend it but if your looking for depth, replayability, story, or even an improvement from the orginal I think you will be disappointed. I got about a 6 hours of decent enjoyment out of it before forcing myself to continue playing. Only 6 hours to $10 price point isn't great value imo so I am going to give it thumbs down. Like the first game this one starts out on the path to being a real good game and the early returns likely lead to a number of people waxing poetic about it after a few hours. I too in the beginning was thinking it was pretty good game but I just completely lost interest at about the five to six hour mark. Everything after that point been a grind that just does not seem to have any kind of a reward making it worth completing.I think the game starts off well and introduces some slight tweaks to the systems found in the original. One of the big changes and subsequently huge letdowns here was the crafting system. I was initially excited about the prospect of being able to tune your equipment and craft items but the whole mechanic turned out to be really really really simplistic. Most of the time the necessary elements to forge a new weapon are all located in the shop of the same town you crafting in.  As a quick breakdown of how it works:From Town Screen:Open Crafting Menu-Read a Recipe and Identify Components needed to completeBack out of Crafting MenuOpen Shop MenuPurchase ComponentsBack to the Crafting MenuClick on Components Pay 5 Gold and.....SUCCESS!I mean I get the game is suppose to be accessable but...just....no... just no. The only skill or strategy necessary to complete the above would be remembering the components from the time it takes you to back out of a menu and open another one. The recipes themselves are located primarily (maybe entirely) through ""Investigating"". This entails paying gold to roll the dice and investigate different points along the map.  Enough high numbers stack up over several rolls and you uncover some sort of prize. There are other things to be turned up through this pay for a dice roll mechanic but none of it was of any use I could find. While I did not hate this portion of the game as much as the crafting I found it lackluster as well. Now that I think about it the only real difference between ""investigate"" and ""crafting"" are that the former has an element of chance and less menu navigation.I enjoyed first Knights of Pen and Paper for a solid block of time and I would probably recommend it especially on sale. However it was also difficult to finish. In that game I got to the point of having my party and item upgrades more or less completed strategy wise and was situatuated about the same strategy-wise from about hour 10 to completion.  I did push through and eventually completed the game but I was entirely on autopilot after that point. This version started off stronger but finished or at least flatlined for me much quicker. I am not sure if this game was rushed to the finish line or not but it feels like it would have benefited from some more time in the oven.Often we all enjoy games for different reasons. For me the portions of this game and the first one I enjoyed were that you had the ability to upgrade various aspects of the game (characters, items, room improvments, various other buffs) to your own liking. For my enjoyment the critical fault of this game is that you have very limited options to upgrade different aspects. The first game offered more customized options for upgrades and about the same level of depth as you will find here.I did not care for the story and tone of the game personally, Both are very light and though the humor missed the mark I appreciate it being included. Neither really downgraded my experience much because after I realized I was not getting much out of reading through the story I wound up skim/skipping through the dialouge bits. I do give them a plus one for making the option to speed click through that portion of the game.Overall I was underwhelmed and pretty disappointed as I saw this game as the creators chance to fine-tune the experience I got out of the first 12-16 hours of the first game.  Instead I got the same letdown in less than half the time.4/10"
,Recommended,310060,27042342,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ogreinside,A very fun D&D simulator with clever writing and character naming with obvious pokes at pop culture.
,Not Recommended,310060,34227152,Posted: 13 August,all,4andahalfIVs,"I really loved this game, key word, ""loved"", my game has completely been messed up. I had roughly 4 hours on my profile and i came to play one day and clicked the game, i went in to the game with the GM in the centre with a black background like when you boot up the game for the very first time, i clicked play and then clicked new game, doing nothing. Over most buttons there are the controller buttons over them. Unless this is somehow fixed, and i don't know how i'd do that, i can't recommend this game happily, just incase the same happens to you."
76561198085458924,Recommended,310060,32999813,Posted: 29 June,all,masterdrakness,fun and light
,Recommended,310060,24220712,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Autista xD,"I like so much that version of KoPP, because is the of cool stuffs of the old version is get improved in the game, the game gets bigger and now have a DLC to fight against dragons, this is for me a extremely exciting because i played table RPG's in my childhood and now i play a game with all of my imagination implanted in a simple game:D (Sorry my bad english LUL)"
76561198033395447,Recommended,310060,18583083,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Clever28nj,"It's nice game with pixelated graphics, a lot of depth, multiple classes, and bouts of humor along the way (such as a bearded Dwarf Cheerleader)...If you are into these types of games, like the first KOPP, I see no reason not to buy it."
,Not Recommended,310060,19417664,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Uthorpe_Ogleby,"The first game was so wonderful and fun.  This one is a bit changed in not so many cool ways. The Cleric has the ability to carry the team through in any circumstance.  Though the others I could have interchanged over and over again without ever feeling happy.  I expected a bigger better overhaul and was a bit disappointed.   It is a Short game, I have finished it already inside the 15 hours.  I didn't use the add on characters Barbarian or the Necromancer, because I just didn't see a point. I didn't even expand out to the five chairs till the game was near over.Update: I found out you can save between steam players using the Paradox login, Yeah and lame at the same time. Happy I save between systems but I have to remember which save file is the most recent each time I login.Where is the Monk????? I'm a lvl 26 and I don't see it.I thought I was going to change my review to a Positive and then I remember that it does reward playing past the main storyline. I still think the first one was fun, this is blah."
76561198030906632,Recommended,310060,18619888,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Brother Josh,"If you like the first one, you will love this one. Even if you never played the first one and enjoy RPG this is a really nice game for the price."
76561198031657515,Not Recommended,310060,19501168,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MarshmallowFluff,This game might be good be i dont know since my game becomes unresponsive after I press 1 button in the main menu. i have contacted paradox about this and tried to find the solution to the issue but the paradox support site only contains information about how to obtain the monk class. Which is all nice and good but since the game doesnt run i dont need the monk class. so this is yet another paradox game that has been released and then abandoned.
,Recommended,310060,30857152,Posted: 31 March,all,Tepic,If you liked Knights of Pen and Paper +1 you will love this.  More of the same with silly humour and gaming jokes.
76561198052865127,Recommended,310060,18624614,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,r.graaff,"Bought it yesterday, and played for 6 hours.It,s a kind of magic, when a game does that with/to you.Well i am 54 years old now, past the fast shooter/sniper games, done a lot of them.This game is really funny/addictive to play, oldskool they call it here.It,s going back in time, and i have fun playing this game.Maybe some of the younger players who like RPG will have fun with this game too.Have a look and play what games your father played, and had fun with.Conclusion, real nice oldskool game."
76561198149620807,Recommended,310060,31293086,Posted: 22 April,all,Tukiiiii ♥,"Definitely worth to buy. I didn't expected much, it was kind of a suprise how fun the game actually was."
76561198009092201,Recommended,310060,18620473,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Martialis,"This is an awesome game.  I loved the first one and this one is even better.  They've improved on the original in every way.  The writing continues to be top-notch, from the very first scene in the game.  I look forward to many hours of enjoyment.  At this price, it was a no-brainer to add this to my Steam library, and it is one of my favorite purchases all year."
,Not Recommended,310060,19368751,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Agent Four,"Don't.The sprites are all the same, with a few tweaks in color, weapons, or even size.  There's no imagination in the enemies.  I didn't realize this was nothing like the first one until past the 2 hour mark.  I had nothing else to play on my craptop for Thanksgiving, so I had to put up with this. Do not buy this."
,Not Recommended,310060,22795916,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Katt,Loved the first game and I was disappointed from this sequel.It has some bright moments but not enough I guess.
76561198098613552,Not Recommended,310060,24172170,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Septadius,Thanks to Steam for refunding me! Buy and play the first one.
76561198142713503,Recommended,310060,18631545,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,dhonaujv,"Great game!Finished all the main quest, side quests, explorations and end-game content. Very addicting I ended up beating the whole game in one sitting. I just couldn't turn away! Can't wait for more!"
,Recommended,310060,27007290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nanamil,"Excellent game, Must have if you loved the first one."
,Not Recommended,310060,24166813,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ethrin,"In my opinion, this game is extremely simplistic and repetitive.  Essentially boiling down to a grind of 3 types of quests: kill X monsters, travel to point Y, and the occasional escort.  It tries to be funny and quirky; while it has its moments, there are many other games out there that were way more satisfying for me.If you don't mind a simplistic, repetitive experience, then I would recommend this game.  However, that is not what I look for in games, so I wouldn't recommend it to anyone unless they were specifically looking for that type of game.Also, as a minor criticism, there is no ultrawide support, and it doesn't scale well with 1440p resolutions.  This isn't a huge drawback for a game like this, but it is something that I like to know when purchasing games."
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,310060,22201455,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nathaniel Prime,"Very dull. This has an interesting concept, being a game-within-a-game based on Dungeons and Dragons, but the actual gameplay is so simplistic that it isn't really any fun at all."
76561198031791814,Recommended,310060,30978923,Posted: 6 April,all,Raven Fox,"Fantastic game! It is exactly how it looks, put together a party and the DM creates the world behind him....usually. I have, and still am, enjoying this game. I would love to see more like it. It reminds me of my old AD&D days in a simple and fun way. I would just prefer it to be a little cheaper, I got it full price because I just missed the sale, and I was out of other games to play, and I was looking for something like this.There is just enough customization to this fun and simple game. Not to mention a hat trick full of pop culture references. I would very much reccomend on waiting for a sale though, In general it is a bit smaller game even with the add-ons, but if you can get it on sale it is a fantastic little game!"
76561198044726835,Not Recommended,310060,31116558,Posted: 13 April,all,Threzque,Not as good as the first one. Slow pace. Grindy.
,Recommended,310060,27226044,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zamber,A great addition to the KoPaP saga. Fixes pain points of the first game and improves on gameplay. Balance also feels better.
76561198081669222,Recommended,310060,27405091,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stoned Jesus,"Yeah, just what I needed. A journey tothe past. Bring back the PnP."
76561198043780210,Recommended,310060,31231744,Posted: 18 April,all,The Demon Lord Baal,"Good game, much fun, wow"
76561198004577398,Recommended,310060,20576482,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Phantom,"Its not great, its not badits kind of in betweenKnights of Pen and Paper 1 was way better"
76561198034503848,Not Recommended,310060,20739468,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,methoshellfire,There is no story except fight this and fight that. Leveling up is almost pointless.
,Recommended,310060,26482894,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,OriginalMadman,"Finished the game in 8 hrs, fun stuffs! Pretty enjoyable gameplay and making a lot of fun about itself and both the CRPG and the tabletop RPG genres. 8/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,310060,28935921,Posted: 2 January,all,Psyche,Nice tIme killing game :)
,Recommended,310060,29102537,Posted: 7 January,all,soap-kid,What somewhat appear to be fourth wall breaking characters are actually just a nice group of people playing a game and also happen to enjoy dressing up like their characters.
76561198175381021,Recommended,310060,32828601,Posted: 26 June,all,garvis.mico,fricken awesome
,Recommended,310060,33265548,Posted: 5 July,all,Thadric,"""Personally 10/10"" This game has honestly had me in a trance for the past 3 days. I cannot put it down. There is so much content and a lot of story to cover in this game. From the amazingly balanced fighting mechanics, to the goofy humor that touches a nerds heart and mind. If you love Dungeons and Dragons yet have no friends to play with, I certainly reccomend picking this game up. Since I was a young boy i've played dungeons and dragons, this feels like the real thing minus character creation and other's to interact with minust the DM which in this game is hillarious. If you're looking for a game to spend a couple hours in and come back to later, this game surely is good for that. I reccomend it on sale or whenever you can get it, also this game is much better with the DLC so I reccomend purchasing it along with it. Happy hunting."
,Recommended,310060,33359059,Posted: 7 July,all,Wolf Fivousix,"It perfectly captures the feeling of a nerdy Pen & Paper session. The jokes and references are wonderful if you get them, but the overall feeling of being with your friends playing some good old real RPG is ever present. From the lines the characters speak to the quests themselves you will sure have a laugh.Even though the combat is simple and each characters only have 4 skills, there are many combinations to be made, specially when you take the character creation, equipment and the game room furbishing into consideration. Despite all that complexity, it still is an easy game that you don't have to worry too much and can just enjoy. Added bonus for ease of saving the game and coming back right where you left it!"
76561198273478921,Recommended,310060,29438142,Posted: 22 January,all,wroughtironryan,"A fun, satirical take on rpg's and tabletop gaming, this game is loads of fun. KOPP2 is jam-packed with humourous dialogue and monsters. Also, unlocking different classes throughout the game necessitates multiple playthroughs. All in all, well worth the 8 dollars I spent on it. 6/10"
,Recommended,310060,34178389,Posted: 11 August,all,stevenblank111,This game rocks!
76561198218553953,Recommended,310060,31012436,Posted: 8 April,all,Konsuke,add multiplayer for ULTRA EPIC
,Recommended,310060,31022656,Posted: 8 April,all,blueberryBitch,yeah p good
76561198026516167,Recommended,310060,35050669,Posted: 18 September,all,GuineaPigManHUN,Gameplay: 4Content: 4Spectacle: 4Sound/Music: 4--------------Game: 80%
76561198091175178,Recommended,310060,28396042,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Khurso,"RPG Inception!You role play a role player role playing a role playing game!And you get to chat with God, what else would you want?!!"
76561197986715648,Recommended,310060,21400437,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,KaossoaK,"I recommend this game, but the expansion I recommend when it is on sale. Not enough content for the price.Good game. Seems a bit short. You never really feel powerful and most classes just feel nerfed. The ninja is the only class that really meshed well in any group. Item drops for the most part just seem worthless. Toward the end of the game (expansion) you get a few items that are pretty good, but for the most part, the stuff that drops you can buy in the stores and then just upgrade.IMO it's not as good as the first, but if you enjoyed the first one, I would recommend this one."
,Recommended,310060,19254471,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Your Neighborhood Stalin,kinda short
,Recommended,310060,34030012,Posted: 4 August,all,Maestro Gradius,"Almost as good as the first one, just not as fresh, but with slightly improved graphics. Humor is still amusing for D&D nerds like me. If you liked the first, you will like the second. Worth 7.99, a steal if on sale."
76561198053679117,Not Recommended,310060,18672717,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,undefind1223,"Edit: After I completed the game I went straight to this review. As soon as I returned to the game to give it a bit more play I realized there wasn't really much more advancement to be had. I expected a +1 version where I could play the whole campaign over again with my currently leveled characters, but it turns out all you can do is finish uncompleted side quests...boring. And that stupid scrolling bug has returned! I have changed my review to ""not recommended"".I'm a little conflicted here. The game is pretty fun, but the campaign is so short. I beat it in 9 hours and that was with a fair amount of side-questing, so I'm not really sure It's worth the full price of the game.Also, there is this annoying bug that makes everything scroll down. What I mean is, sometimes when in any type of inventory menu like shopping, your stash, and even on the map, the game scrolls down and you have to either grab the scroll bar with the mouse or hold the up key. Even then, if you are in an inventory menu you can't access items near the top because it just scrolls right back down again. The only way to ""reset"" this is to restart the game, but there is no telling it won't go immediately back to it again, and it will eventually do so.However, it's still a pretty fun game and I'm sure lots of extra content and bug fixes will come out in the future.Overall I give it 7/10 (changed to 5/10 based on lack of content) in its current state. Possibly an 8 or 9 with extra content, bugfixes, and a price drop."
,Recommended,310060,27289439,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Villem,it is a really good game 10/10
76561197993780180,Recommended,310060,23297420,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,rpgarcher,"not as good as the first one, but still fun"
,Recommended,310060,18779200,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,LuckySeel,"Imagine, fun. Okay, keep that in your mind. Now, image on top of that, a huge humanoid chicken.10/10 Would Chicken again"
76561197993209642,Not Recommended,310060,24917047,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,=),"Boring generic shallow gameplay trying to get by on pop culture references and jokes.Take those away and people would actually recognise, as a game, its a bit crap."
76561197992159740,Recommended,310060,30843742,Posted: 30 March,all,Zombie porn,"Played 4 hours on my first sitting. funny, all the good RPG elements and yea.. good game"
76561198058977002,Recommended,310060,30858148,Posted: 31 March,all,wolf3794,"Looks like a cute little game you'll be slightly diverted by. 2 hours later...wait, HOW long????"
76561198047248074,Recommended,310060,30866964,Posted: 31 March,all,blp313,Outstanding! So much fun!
,Recommended,310060,30891187,Posted: 1 April,all,GrimS,i got this game a long time ago and now i got it agin and it breaks in less then a hour the game is good but there is something rong with my version pls help it will start but no butten works
,Not Recommended,310060,19474947,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,⋆ƒinessin,Sorry 'bout this but this game actually sucks total balls.
76561197989709564,Not Recommended,310060,31955866,Posted: 25 May,all,koalabrownie,"This game styles itself as a retro-style RPG, but I have to wonder what sort of RPG this game is emulating because it's missing one crucial ingredient, exploration.  The premise is cute, you're a group of kids sitting at a table with a dungeon master, typical RPG classes are accompanied by high-school stereotypes which help to build your different characters. Maybe you're a Dwarf Mage but in addition you're a Cheerleader, or a Jock. The choices help modify stats and usually give a passive benefit like the lab rat nerd has an additional inventory slot or the cheerleader boosts everyones energy when she performs an ability.The problem with this game is it boils down to doing two things, reading text and fighting combat and unfortunately for me neither one was very compelling. Some of the dialogue can be funny, to be sure, but these actions become so repetitive that I just found myself skipping a lot of the dialogue.  The map is node based, but nodes on the map only open up to the player when a quest requires them to go there, and a quest has a premise of finding something, or helping someone, but what it will be in the end is reading text and fighting because that's all you will do.There are some other elements, Investigation has you find bonus items in an area but to ""investigate"" what you do is sit rolling dice until you get enough positive results. You can craft items, but moving items around is tedious, one crafting spell might be combing three items, one that does +5, another +10 and a third +20 into one healing item that does guess what, +35 health and energy (mana). There are also dungeons which add a little more variety beyond fighting, but the new additions to reading & fighting are usually ""finding stuff"" or ""taking damage from traps"".Combat is the meat of the game. Enemies are varied, you usually fight anywhere from 1 to 7 guys at a time, usually 5 or so small guys or up to 3 large guys. Enemies are in two rows, with bows or abilities able to reach the last row. You group is organized differently, not into a row or formation but rather each character has a ""threat level"" which translates into a percentage chance of being hit. Higher threat? Get attacked more often. Each of your characters has a base attack and up to 3 abilities and three passives. You can also hide, run away, or drink potions and the like.  It seems like there's some good variety but after the 50th battle, it gets old. Once you get those three abilities you don't get more, you just upgrade them.  Maybe you're encouraged to swap out players for a player of a new class but then you'll be leveling up that guy from level 1 when your own guys are 20 or 30 levels. You'll also need to baby them so they don't get one-shot killed.Ultimately this reminds me of two games, Puzzle Quest and Might and Magic Clash of Heroes. Both have node-based movement, dialogue and combat and of those three games the only one I enjoyed is M&M CoH because there's less combat, and the combat is far more interesting. Another comparison is Card Hunter, which again, has better combat. But ultimately this retro game doesn't remind me of anything from my childhood because games like Phantasy Star, Ultima, Elder Scrolls, Fallout, all have exploration.If they plan to make a third game then please, open up the map. Introduce exploration! Allow the player to talk to villagers beyond getting fed information through quests. Give each city a little more character (most shops sell all the same items at the same prices). Keep the basic premise but open up the gameplay, because combat, cultural references and sometimes funny dialogue is not enough I'm afraid."
,Recommended,310060,25452174,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,davidincostamesa,Yes
,Recommended,310060,18589844,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Holybeardzz,Knights of Pen and Paper +1+1 = 2-More Depth-Crafting-Memes
,Not Recommended,310060,34914056,Posted: 12 September,all,Stripedtriangle,Not nearly as good as the phone version.
,Recommended,310060,30239127,Posted: 28 February,all,pseudosanct,this game makes me want a dnd party.
76561198341338737,Not Recommended,310060,34374168,Posted: 20 August,all,MrMickey4321,I enjoyed this game i played about three hours but then one day i opened my game and the menu was black except the character the settings e.t.c  when i clicked play it said new game and i was like what the F**k i uninstalled it and deleted all the files then reinstalled it then the same thing happened if you have a way to fix this text me please.
,Recommended,310060,18595644,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mountain Dew,"Simple and easy enough to sink time into.A pretty standard but fun RPG.It's a ""do it yourself"" style adventure.If you liked the first game, you'll like this one.If you haven't played the first one, this game is a solid turn based Rpg that stands well in the category.I recorded gameplay here for further reference.Edit: if you say my review isn't helpful because I posted a video, you can go suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥Edit 2: Game can get kinda boring in extended play.Enemies are mostly reskinned versions of previously fought foes.Positive being it has a very Mystic Quest vibe.At current state I'd give it a 7.2 out of 10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkuPSdxhXrk&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,310060,18595094,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Domino,If you liked the first verison of this game then you like number 2. Sure it's the same game in away but some things are different and the old pop culture references make it a little bit funnier. Still though are great little game.
76561198007634090,Not Recommended,310060,33579212,Posted: 16 July,all,Riki,Lost the save right before the LAST QUEST TO GET THE LAST ACHIEVEMENT BECAUSE THE GAME'S TOO BRAINDEAD TO NOT BE BUGGY AS HELL.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥It was troublesome enough with its own regular bugs. I'm done.
,Not Recommended,310060,32621385,Posted: 21 June,all,Jexter,"A protest of the recent change of DLC pricing. Sorry, PARADOX, not buying or reccomending anyone to buy until you change your manners and show some respect to your players."
76561198206699471,Recommended,310060,18589581,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,minipig,I think this is definitely a great game immediately after I created a dwarf cheerleader.
,Not Recommended,310060,18598606,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,xXxEdgeLordxXx,"I was really excited when I saw the sequel to the original game on Steam, but I was quickly disappointed.The GUI is clunky and unintuitive and I had a gamebreaking bug with the Mage class that forced me to quit the game. The mage class would not target enemies properly and I could not proceed without fleeing a fight to reset it. This is really a gamebreaking issue and I wish they would have addressed it before releasing the game.I loved the original, so I was looking forward to this, but I am greatly disappointed."
,Not Recommended,310060,30846485,Posted: 30 March,all,"2,4-DNPH",Even worse than the first game.
,Recommended,310060,21409503,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Webbey,"If you're a fan of the first KoPaP, then you how silly the overall theme is.  If haven't played KoPaP, you're not going to miss anything picking up KoPaP2, (but it's definitely worth playing) and there seems to be better features.The quck explanation: you control a party of adventurers who are being led by a GM in a D&D sort of setting.The dialogue is witty and there seems to be no end to the pop-culture references.  My current favorite so far is the mystical item, the i.D.E.R.P.  The overall feel of the game strikes a nostalgic chord.  It reminds me of some of the classic SNES RPGs in how you manage equipment and combat.  You may not be riding a Chocobo around a world, but that's where the dialogue and simple backdrops are highlighted.Can't wait to sink more time into Knights of Pen and Paper 2!"
,Recommended,310060,21455272,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Zento20,I think this game is amazing!
76561198042790563,Recommended,310060,18706209,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,HLCF,"I quite enjoyed this, and only just finished it, including all the side quests, end-game extra boss, etc.+ It is fun, entertaining, looks better than 1, has some funny references in it, etc.- Short, not as funny as the first, the crafting feels half-done, and just feels like it's only 3/4 finished.Hopefully there will be DLC for the clouded area or something in the future."
76561198010372196,Recommended,310060,18707220,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,dannon,"Fun game, If you like 1 you will like 2. It is kinda short, hopefully some DLCs are coming out soon! :)"
76561198077688860,Recommended,310060,18644555,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Crash,Great game with funny references to other games and movies.Sadly its way too short :( but its worth the price.
76561198015562103,Recommended,310060,18657034,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Sin-Silver,good game diffrent each time round would get on a sale :D
76561198023892474,Recommended,310060,18665605,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,chirulahr,"Well, a lot of things were improved from the first game.This game looks better than he first, the gameplay was streamlined (less clicking in sub-menues) and features were added, like the crafting. The humor is the same and the game also tells another wacky story.Still, I somehow like the gameplay of the first game better.All taken together, there are not more classes and customisations in this game than the first, crafting is a nice addition but I did not really miss it in the first game. In the first game, there were also more battles where you could set the difficulty (enemy number) yourself.I have not finished the game yet, but reading through the reviews tells me this game is also much shorter than the first.So, yes, I recommend this game, BUT if you have not played the first one yet, I would recommend playing that first."
76561198141481130,Recommended,310060,18731882,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,troutkitty,"Considering I spent a week and still didn't finish the whole game of the first one, I was surprised that I 100% finished the entire map on the same day I started. That being said, I had a lot more fun in this world. Even though the first one wasn't a freemium game by the time I played it, the form and structure of the amount of grinding it would have taken to make purchasing the gold appealing was apparent in everything from the grindstones to the travel mechanics. Everything that was wrong with the first one though had been fixed in the second, except for the length. I would have loved for there to have been twice as much game play for a sixteen dollar game, but I still enjoyed every second of what game play there was. Be wary of the DLC area if you buy the delux version, if you finish it before finishing the game, the characters level up so much a good portion of the game except the final battle becomes a bit of a cake walk."
76561198065690198,Recommended,310060,18794347,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,lrdterwilliger,"Everything is a notch above the first game! The skill's  for each character class seems to have more depth. Overall, If you enjoyed Knights of Pen & Paper#1, then this is a must buy!"
76561198092184035,Recommended,310060,18785273,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Big Dick Rory,"Wonderful sequel to the first, I liked it better. It's easier to adjust to, achievements are straightforward to get without having to grind thru the game 5 times like in the first one. Jokes are one point, however the game is slightly shorter. It took me about 14 hours to beat this while the first one took me about 30. It does have high replay value and a pretty cool soundtrack. It's only worth getting the deluxe if you want to support the developers, but wait for the game to be on sale. It's really worth it at 5 USD, not so much at 10 or 15.It's fun little distraction and is well made. There aren't many bugs and isn't a typical grind it out kind of game. Story mode is simple to follow along, the plot is entertaining enough to not spam click to skip it. Well worth the wait. Had been looking forward to this since May. 9/10"
76561198008748490,Recommended,310060,18684960,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MobySlick,"I like the RPG elements like leveling up, allocating skill points, and managing gear. The combat is fun, not tedious at all. The music is fantastic. Lots of lame yet funny geek jokes and references. Addictive in that you just want to finish off that one quest, complete the dungeon or do one more battle to level up, which leads you right into the next thing. Money well spent."
76561197984969944,Recommended,310060,18690542,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Eternalone,This game was great.  It offers alot of customization and offers players alot of Race/Class/Person Type combinations.  My only complaint was that you had to unlock classes instead of having them available from the get go.  I think this game is absolutely fantastic.  I am looking foward to part 3! GOD BLESS SATIRE!
,Recommended,310060,18682171,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Molotova,"Short game, 10 hours or so to finish it. What makes it worth it are the endless easter eggs, not just to legendary games but also other forms of popular works of fiction like Game of Thrones, 2001:Space Odossey and Genesis."
,Recommended,310060,18682651,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ಠ_ಠ ¤TwisteD LogiC¤ ಥ_ಥ,"Decent little game, though besides the different visuals not much has changed. Don't expect much challenge, the mechanics are kinda meh, they feel like they don't have much of an impact on the game.Overall I'd recommend it, but only if you really liked the first game, otherwise grab it on sale."
,Recommended,310060,18686255,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Miko the BoostGod,Finished the game. So much fun to play through.Loved the dialogue that pops up from your characters lolCan't wait for future updates. Must play for sure if you like these types/styles of games.
,Recommended,310060,18827229,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,thevoidwalkerplays,"So much fun for such a small price-tag. I love this game. I love the laughs it provides and the vibrant art style. If you liked the first in the series, definately check this out. I liked it so much that I was going to origionally only play it as a one-ff for my channel, but I have now started making a series in it. If you wannted to see some gameplay you can check out the playlist for that series here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-8aBUb19mA&list=PLX8hHFDrBzMV8EmwUA5UeO_kKSdkqgav4"
76561197974148252,Recommended,310060,18805615,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,IShakeBabiesLikeSaltDispensers,"This game is amazing.  It's highly addictive, hilarious, and a fun 8-bitish tabletopping type of RPG.  The music is awesome.  It makes me feel like I'm back in the early 90s when snap wristbands, trapper keepers, and big bangs were awesome."
76561198034600665,Recommended,310060,18973134,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Sabrebear,"A fun enough romp into the realms of a heavily referential D&D world, complete with a pretty light-hearted story involving a PC who just doesn't want to change between two editions of a pen and paper game. If the premise doesn't sound at least a tiny bit relatable, you might miss many of the jokes that KOPP2 tosses about, which are mostly in reference to D&D. In my opinion, the game stands on its own legs without most of the referential stuff-- it doesn't feel desperate for laughs like KOPP+1 did at times. KOPP2 also knows when to make fun of itself, and does a pretty good job of it.Mechanically, the game feels more like a pen and paper game than KOPP+1 did, though it still feels more like a JRPG than it does D&D. The main difference lies in three attributes: Body, Senses, and Mind: that both dictate derives stats (like KOPP staples Threat and Initiative) and fuel new resistance rolls, which are used to end effects in a manner similar to D&D's saving throws. These attributes are difficult to increase, requiring expensive trinkets or rare treasures to raise.Character creation is still a highlight, as expected, though the pool of players has been more normalized. (No more dog, or robot, or what have you.) While I enjoyed it as much as I did in the original, there were definitely some characters that had somewhat useless abilities, especially when compared to powerhouse combos like Cheerleader/Thief and Rocker/Warrior (or Rocker/Paladin). Race selection is now present, though it's very fundamental: elves, humans, and dwarves. The races have more long-lasting effects than most players do (with exceptions like the Rocker and Surfer).Most of the core gameplay has been kept the same: form a party of regular people playing as characters, go on adventures, profit. 95% of the quests are still the same fare that KOPP+1 offered, which was killing x creatures at y location. Dungeons are still around, though I found them to be more of a hindrance; the frequent rolls to avoid traps didn't add challenge so much as frustration.Equipment feels much more D&D-like than it did in the original, and it also feels more natural. Gone are the days of grinding for grindstones-- weapons can be improved by enchantment with scrolls, and crafting creates better magical options. In fact, many of the flaws of the first game have been removed: pay-to-win pandering with gold has been removed, as well as several of the more ""phone game"" mechanics, like waiting for armor/weapon upgrades. In their place is an equally frustrating magazine-oriented DLC system, in which some items, scenarios, and classes are behind either gold or solid cash. At the time of review, this system was sorely lacking, with only one class and one player able to be unlocked for gold, and the rest behind the $5 DLC.While I genuinely enjoyed this game, I can't say that I would suggest getting DLC for it. After the main campaign is over, the mechanics start to feel very samey, especially if you've been getting unlucky with random encounters and have fought many underleved foes as a result. Though a difficult boss (one of two difficult encounters in the whole game) sits at the end of the post-game quest, the end-game feels rather hollow-- and I'd bet on DLC filling it up later.Overall, I found the game to be fun for a weekend's distraction, or as a quick dose of RPG for a half hour or so. It's simple enough to pick up and play without getting lost in Pathfinder-esque customization. However, as a result, the finished product lacks the depth that some might expect from it."
76561198162073361,Recommended,310060,19447662,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,RigWrecker01,"This is a parody RPG and it does the job well. The character perspective of 3rd person tabletop gaming reinforces the point and makes the whole thing nerdy fun. The in jokes are rampant and the plotline is equally knowing. None of it is too difficult, allowing you to play through with a limited number of characters then do a 2nd or even 3rd playthrough with new characters and abilities (character creation allows a lot of flexibility so even this is conservative). Some jokes never get old and that's certainly true here."
,Recommended,310060,21686067,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Nicholas An Tríú Rí na Deireadh,"This is a fun rpg, i have beaten the first on and this one was rather harder than the other one i played. i have not bought the dlc for it and choose not too buy it. i lke some of the new stuff they put in to the game and is ok but not to much too my liking."
,Recommended,310060,21958219,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Haruka Kyoji,I have nothing to comment about this game as it's much better than the first game but I hope it could be easier to farm without purchasing the deluxe edition.
,Recommended,310060,21052877,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Soaray,
76561198008289670,Recommended,310060,20961825,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,m_ikirt,"I haven't played the first game in this series, however after playing this one I fully intend to. It's not every day an RPG can quite grasp the feel of a tabletop game, but this one does the job.  As a group of adventurers, you have the main quests, and (optional) side quests to complete.  If you're like me, though, you'll have to try out everything.  Searching areas will come up with different oddball items, the different ways to attack, and even the ""magazine"" in the game all just make this game feel like anything TSR, Wizards, or what have you have put out.  I will warn you.  Some of the jokes in this game are real groaners.  Then again, my last game I was in had people just like this!"
,Recommended,310060,21021508,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Eoughan,"Great game, with a fresh storyline and liarious dialogue. I'd reccommend this game to anyone who enjoys turn based combat and a deep story with their games."
76561198047239010,Recommended,310060,20952294,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,louis_takidjo,"addictive game, although the class is less than the prior sequel"
,Recommended,310060,21126668,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Aglas,Good game  :)bit short.
76561198051204179,Recommended,310060,21917413,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Jack of Coffin,"This is a great game, less grindy than the first one, with better graphics and, IMO, better mechaniscs. It is also a lot easier, which will be a downside for many, but not for me. It is also short, but I had a blast playing it, so it did worth the money I spent."
,Recommended,310060,21914913,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,mlbane,"I had a ton of fun with this game. It's clever and and witty and overall great fun. I do have 1 almost game breaking complaint however. One of the later Boss battles, if you don't go into it prepaired and lose, there is no way to gain health and rest before you fight him again. This really sucks and I had to start my entire playthru over. If they'd just allow you to go to town and then come back it would have made the game great."
76561198019770350,Recommended,310060,22168471,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Trotter,"I loved this game, buy it play it."
,Recommended,310060,22195901,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Feminist,"AWWW YEAAAH!!!!!!!!!!!First of all this is a awesome game if you like the og dungeons and dragons with the books and stuff.I just bought this because it was on sale , its worth the money.It gets a little repetitive over time but later on it gets original.You can upgrade your character and buy new characters over time with ingame money , this game has no micro-transactions .All in all this is a awesome game and i recommend it."
76561198032725478,Recommended,310060,20145096,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Vicky,"Awesome game of teh awesome.Sometimes you just want to ride on your unicorn up and down repeatedly stopping only to see a secret or to kill some rats, and sometimes you want to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you in a dungeon.#toptip craft food / potions before heading into dungeons so you can heal up and not die!"
,Recommended,310060,19865050,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Thee Under Brake,More of the original!
76561198032685437,Recommended,310060,20273350,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gnagh Bagk,Very simple but nice Game. Keep leveling and have Fun!!!!
,Recommended,310060,20268601,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Undadstone,"Wow. This game just sucks you right in and never let's you go, ever.It might ocasionally require some grinding to progress in the game, but not it is not a major requirementalso personally I think it is wierd that sometimes you can fully play with the keyboard and other times you have to use your mouse, please just make it an option to chose to use either keyboard, mouse or combined"
76561198044163622,Recommended,310060,20312372,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ridgebackrogue,"I can't get enough of this game. The pop culture references and jokes really make this game stand out. If you've ever played a pen and paper rpg, buy this game, and the rest of you should check it out. there's even a Mythbuster in it, but I'll let you find out which one on your own."
76561197990927675,Not Recommended,310060,20518225,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Schatzeder,"Lazy, repetetive and redundant, doesn't reward you over time. Play the first one instead.It's a great concept, and I'd play if they worked a little harder on it. The main problem is it's so goddamn repetetive. Half of the game is walking back and forth on the world map, dungeons are halfway filled with you stepping on traps which you can hardly help with any amount of items, you constantly are forced to spend time fighting the lowest level units.If there were more decision making, more customization, more classes, and more in-depth items, I'd be down with a 3rd, but this is the last one of these I'm buying. I had a lot of problems with the first one, but I still liked it in the end. They just took this one and removed the most entertaining features."
76561198025236466,Recommended,310060,20550056,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,dorkuss4980,This is a very simple game that is extremely addictive. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,310060,19632357,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Sommerbo,"Good game jampacked with nerdhumor and popculture references but a bit short and too easy.In my opinion well worth the price, but I am hoping forsome DLC with longer stories."
76561198055279214,Recommended,310060,19936775,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,thubar2000,"Right now it's good compared to the orginal's great statu.s It's still a hilarious & chill game. Some content got added recently, which extended the gameplay. Now I'm hoping that the creators will offer a few expansions for this edition. There's a lot of potential to be tapped to make this into another great game."
,Recommended,310060,25331859,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Frankie,"Way more into this game than I thought I would be. Hadn't played the first game so I was totally new, but the gameplay is easy to learn. It's simple in a lot of ways, but that really works for the style. Gold can be a little difficult to manage if you like to collect all the goodies right away like me.The sound and music are decent and varied enough to not feel annoying after a few hours of play. The jokes are alright, some rely a little heavily on outdated memes/phrases but the overall tone is light and fun. I general I like this game, but only if I'm in the mood to grind levels/gold for hours (because that's the majority of what you'll be doing)."
,Recommended,310060,20930503,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Smelty,Can't wait to play this game !!!!  Anyone know where I can purchase it?
76561198170191947,Recommended,310060,25387933,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,narib414,"Fun pen and paper based rpg.  Lots of tongue in cheek jokes, and a really fun little gem.  If you enjoyed the first KoPP you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,310060,22316289,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,RewChamploo,"As anearcomplete achievement player of its first installment, I don't quite care what the others say. The whole ""life's Blood,"" ""Sweat, Blood & Tears,"" with the whole ""Earn What You Keep"" aspect, is what I most enjoyed about the sequel. I am quite partial to the upgraded 16 bit artwork and sound bytes. Another hype I must plug, is the grinding aspect, it's even got it's own farm! No more hours ofhardcoregrinding, you can earn all the gold, EXP, loot, weapons, trinkets, armour, upgrades and even craft your own! With a plethora of content, a great UI, it's a smorgasboard of quirky references with an amazing layout (not to mention that it is alsoSteam ControllerandGamepadsupported), I give this, fantastic sequel, aTotal Rollof11/11,Tripple Ctrit. (20x3)+1"
,Recommended,310060,22320441,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,MLGesus,"Knights of Pen and Papers 2 ReviewKnights of Pen and Papers 2 is the second game for the Knights of Pen and Paper series or KoPP for short. It is a turn-based RPG strategy game developed by Kyy Games and published by Paradox Interactive. It was released in October 2015 on Steam. I have played KoPP +1 before. It contains a lot of improvements to KoPP +1 as well as new mechanics, which I will explain about later.GAMEPLAYYou will start by creating two players to start off with, and later you will have five. You must choose a character, class, and race for each player. There are eight characters you can use to start with, each has their own unique bonuses. There are also six classes to choose from, each with different and unique skills. You can unlock more classes and characters as you progress throughout the game. The tip is to create a player with a good combination of character, class, and race.You can level up your character by getting exp points. Each level up gets you one skill point that you can use to improve your skills. You can get exp points from finishing quests and battling monsters. The game doesn't have a difficulty level, so it will be harder as you progress. The body, sense, and mind point are a new addition to the series. It affects the players' stats and the chance to get status effects. In KoPP 2 is how random number generation plays a bigger role in the gameplay, whereas in KoPP +1, it only affects minor things, such as: traveling, dungeons, and fleeing.There are also items and equipments which you can buy with gold or find. You can get gold from finishing quests, defeating monsters, and dungeons. The items and equipments will increase your players' stats if you equip it.  Another new addition to the series is the crafting feature. You can create items, equipments, and consumables from crafting. You can also enchant your equipment with charms and enchantment scrolls to further boost your stats. Also, mechanics like HP/MP steal from attacks, and HP/MP regen per round which is on the previous game is absent.PROSThe first thing you will notice is the pixel-art which I think looks good and beautiful. It has a lot of more depth compared to the previous game. What I really like most about this game is the humor, which is filled with geeky humor that is written brilliantly in my opinion. The NPCs are also filled with pop culture references which I enjoy. The game still gets a new update every few months which I hope stays that way.One of the new additions that I like is that you can now fully reset your player without losing your current level. In the previous game, you can only reset your player's skill points. So if you would like to change class, character, or race, you can do it now. It costs a lot more to reset though, so you must plan it wisely. The dungeon is a lot better though, but it gets repetitive sometimes.The main story should take you several hours to finish, but there are a lot more quests after that, especially from the Here Be Dragons DLC. The story itself is great and funny in my opinion, I really enjoyed it. The soundtrack for this game is excellent and memorable as well.CONSHowever, there are a things that I don't like. The first thing you will notice is the 3d-party DRM, which is the Paradox Account. It doesn't bother you that much, but this game is not supported by Steam Cloud, however, it uses the Paradox Account as a cloud for some reason. I haven't lost my save file, but I still find Steam Cloud to be more reliable because sometimes, when I start the game, it asks me which save file should I use, the one in the cloud or the local file even though it is the same exact file. It happens a few times, which I find annoying.One of the major flaw in my opinion is that the game doesn't scale very well. There is almost nothing worth spending gold on as you progress later in the game. I currently find myself with 11k gold with nothing to spend on. There should be a lot more items in the shop. The items that you find from quests are far superior from items in the store or even crafting. The crafting system could be improved to be a lot better in my opinion as it creates a few good items only and almost no useful items for late game.The area investigation is uninteresting and useless in my opinion. It could be improved a lot better by adding some sort of random events or something to make it more interesting. The cost of each roll of investigating should scale higher as you progress. Each roll only costs 5 gold, which is almost nothing later in the game. Some drops like crafting ingredients are unclear about where to get them, so you will mostly have to guess where to find them. The wikia page for the game, doesn't give you much information and is irrelevant. So it could be hard to get information about the game.  Luckily the in-game help has some good information.SUMMARYAfter all of the flaws, do I still enjoy the game? ABSOLUTELY. I really enjoyed playing it from start to finish. The KoPP series is very underrated in my opinion. Even though this is the second game, you don't have to play the first game in order to understand KoPP 2. It is a very fun and addicting game that I could easily recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,310060,22299776,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,thackermtn,Great game!  Basic but lots of fun and great pop/nerd culture references!  Definitely recommend!
,Recommended,310060,22245806,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,BishopManny,"This retro tabletop RPG was a thoroughly satisfying meta-roleplaying experience. It made pop culture references both old and new, sighed wistfully about the good old days, and made many jokes. Speaking of jokes, this game deconstructs every RPG cliché in the book. No main story quest ends the way you'd expect it to, and by my count, there are three, including the ""Here be dragons"" expansion. There are also many sidequests to flesh out each main story by giving the NPC's some love.Grinding is optional. If you do all the quests before moving on, you'll be strong enough to handle the dungeons and bosses. The dungeons test your endurance, but that's easily solved by crafting enough HP and MP potions. The crafting system becomes much easier if you make 1 of each item to compare them.Character roles and classes are straightforward and easy to unlock just by playing the game to gather enough gold. As with the crafting system, knowing which role/class to use becomes much easier by trying each at least once. I recommend focusing on only 1 or 2 skills per character. Evenly spreading your skill points around all 4 skills is a bad idea for almost every class.Certain classes complement each other very well. You can swap out classes without losing levels, redistribute skill points, or even delete characters altogether.Try this game if you like retro RPG's!"
76561198114482178,Recommended,310060,22230250,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dark Librarian,more Knights of Pen and Paper thats good butsomething seems missing that i cant quite put my finger on.Knights of Pen and Paper 1 is better and still good.
,Recommended,310060,22205075,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Spekuku,Im only doing this for the badge... But the game is still good!
76561198058586546,Recommended,310060,22202130,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Vagabon,"Awesome, pretty much what you would expect from the decription and the reviews"
,Recommended,310060,22435993,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,PHC,good gam
,Recommended,310060,22442667,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Blue-Eyes,"I have played 1st edition as well as this. Better graphics and same styles of humourous diags. I kinda hate the long travelling quests from 1st, and this one did reduce the amount."
,Recommended,310060,21805267,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Digikomori,"More of the same really... graphics upgrade, slightly different skills, a few other touches. If you liked the original and are looking for a second helping, probably worth picking up."
76561198056808379,Recommended,310060,22176700,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Amoc,"Amazing funny dialogs and good, complex game."
76561197978433304,Recommended,310060,27891364,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jerb,"Its a simple game that can become grindy toward the end, but theres enough variety that I keep coming back"
76561198030771876,Recommended,310060,27663340,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gandalf,Equally as funny and charming as the first one. This is just a very nice game for people who love the RPG turn based genre.
,Recommended,310060,32189128,Posted: 4 June,all,MechaEvol,"I love this game just like the 1st, it didn't disappoint, and it's better ajusted to the computer screen. Although I think it is better played on the cellphone."
,Recommended,310060,31945146,Posted: 24 May,all,Oristan,"The price of this game is ridiculous. I had so much fun I literally forgot to eat. Made me feel like I was a kid again playing D&D with my friends in the garage. I have recommended this to several of my friends. For the price, this game is a must."
76561198052182092,Recommended,310060,31956199,Posted: 25 May,all,CptTime,A fun cartoony RPG where the conceit is that you're playing a game of DnD narrated by the DM.
,Recommended,310060,32729146,Posted: 24 June,all,Guthrie,"Rolled a jock warrior to tank. Put all his points into riposte and power lunge. Reached level 35. Stumbled upon a group of Mushroom Gnomes (Level 11). One gnome cast Confusion on my jock warrior. My jock warrior used power lunge against a gnome, but his Confusion debuff made him attack himself for half his own health. Riposte activated, and he counter-attacked himself for 85 damage. Riposte activated again for a counter-counter-attack. Level 35 dwarf warrior died to a Level 11 Mushroom Gnome."
,Recommended,310060,32649264,Posted: 22 June,all,Monk of Hope,All D&D fans should definitly play while there DM is pondering how to destroy you
,Recommended,310060,30997919,Posted: 7 April,all,Gabriel Theodoulos,"My family and I have been playing Knights of Pen and Paper I for a while, and we all greatly enjoyed it.  This is why when KoPaP2 came out, the decision to pick it up was a no-brainer!It's a really fun game, that  can be casually played any time.KoPaP would be ABSOLUTELY AWESOME if it were able to be played co-op {hint, hint}"
,Recommended,310060,27958855,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Giraffinaaa,Game within a game? What more can you ask for? Relive the times when you're in your friend's house from early Saturday morning and entering a magical world where you can be whenever you want and do anything you want...as long as the die agree.Game is great! I would recommend both the first installment and this.
76561198032692373,Recommended,310060,31070894,Posted: 10 April,all,shrektime,"Played for 7 hours straight last night, like a good book, couldn't put it down~!  Old school graphics, with the PNP feel.  Like I was in my old group again.  Modern humor, and even a Fallout easter egg :) (jumpsuit) Lovin it!"
76561198308096820,Recommended,310060,27134482,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pirate,Great game for when all you want to do is just relax and enjoy some funny D&D style adventures. A worthy sequel.
,Recommended,310060,24045819,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Samtha,"Fun little retro RPG. A bit grindy, but being able to set up your own battles helps keep it charming."
76561198066776627,Recommended,310060,23128509,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hypertripp,Found a genie and wished for magic and it did a card trick.7/10 to much fun
76561198077717060,Recommended,310060,23317360,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Maraschino,Pretty darn close to the first one in how much I enjoy it.I'd say my only issue with this is that the roll requirements for pretty much everything (except for travel) seem much higher than the first one. Like... too high.
,Recommended,310060,24166415,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Cybermaniac,Damn fun! Well recommended
,Not Recommended,310060,24268285,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Ignatius J. Reilly,"Pretty much a sucker for any game that involves DnD rules in even the most superficial way. I played this game through only for that reason. Otherwise, it's very dull. And the writing. Oh, it's so bad! Every line lands with a resounding thud.And the combat is... servicable? I don't even know. It's not exciting, but not bad either. Character building is the same. Everything's very much a cheaper version of something you've seen before, and probably enjoyed a lot more.If you absolutely must have some rendition of DnD in your life and you've played through ToEE/NWN/BG so many times you've memorized every monster's stats, then get this game, I guess. Otherwise, don't even bother. It offers nothing new other than cute art and bad jokes."
,Recommended,310060,31023414,Posted: 8 April,all,$teamblower,"Great game, fairly simple but incrdibly addictive"
76561197970541793,Recommended,310060,31071243,Posted: 10 April,all,LoveAlotBear,"The entertainment of this game is about up there with microsoft solitare.You play it, and it kills time, but you aren't sure if you are having fun.Mostly the combat gets repeditive, and the game is pretty basic and easy. This isn't to say it is a bad game, because it isn't. It just feels like you are doing the same thing over and over again, even when the graphics change.Pick up at $3, kill some time.. sure. It is well made for what it is."
,Recommended,310060,31069871,Posted: 10 April,all,nigga you ate all my  beans,"welp. i did it all from start to finish, enjoyed my time. wont be doing it again but hey great time till the end. wish there was more!"
,Recommended,310060,34020851,Posted: 4 August,all,Stranger,"10/10 This game made everything good, the first one did wrongGraphics: 9/10Music: 10/10Performance: 10/10Cinematics: -/10Story: 9/10even weirder then beforeContent: 10/10You should buy the DLC as wellControls: 10/10mouse onlyGameplay: 9/10"
,Recommended,310060,34356284,Posted: 19 August,all,CWP Owner,"[EN/US]Knights of Pen and Paper 2 is simply great. Soon on the menu you are filled with that nostalgic feeling typical of old RPG games. The soundtrack is very pleasant e the game is very fun. However, despite being fun the game will punish you with several deaths with you try to rush the main quests. When you see yourself in a boss fight it's better to have potions and phoenix feathers with you, because you will need it. Sometimes the game can get a bit repetitive when you need to farm itens for quests or to make potions. But, putting that aside, tha game is excelent. The graphics and the soundtrack are really nice and the narrative is full of references about nerd and pop culture.[PT/BR]Knigths of Pen and Paper 2 é simplesmente demais. Logo no menu você se depara com uma aquela sensação nostalgica típica de jogos de RPG antigos. A trilha sonora é muito agradável e o jogo é muito divertido. Porém, apesar de divertido o jogo irá te punir com várias mortes consecutivas se você tentar rushar as main quests. Quando você se depara com uma boss fight é bom você estar bem equipado de poções e phoenix feather, porque você irá precisar. As vezes os jogo fica um pouco repetitivo quando você é obrigado a farmar itens para quests ou para fazer poções. Mas, botando essas ocasiões de lado, o jogo é excelente. Gráficos bem agradáveis, trilha sonora boa e história interessante cheia de referências a icones da cultura nerd e cultura pop."
,Recommended,310060,34709770,Posted: 3 September,all,Kenshiro,"It's a really fun game, but man oh man the grind really gets old.Grinding is around 60% of the entire game and can take away from the funny dialog, the interesting quests, and the solid turn based combat of a normal RPG.However if you are used to wasting a ton of time killing the same stuff in normal RPGs you'll enjoy the entire game for the gem that it is."
,Recommended,310060,34766049,Posted: 5 September,all,Chamomile,one of the funnest games i've played content wise. no groundbreaking story or earth shattering mechanics but it sure is fun to play.
