user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198057795587,Recommended,310360,20790233,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,S3N S3N,Bought this game to find out when they cry. The only one who cried was me.
,Recommended,310360,15918919,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Flotilla,"Higurashi is a classic VN. It's had anime adaptations, its own manga series, OVAs, live-action films, even a third-person shooter. The cult surrounding this VN undoubtedly made 07th Expansion what it is today. How's the Steam release, then?Returning players will notice that the English translation has been entirely redone. MangaGamer opted to do away with the subpar 2009 official translation and redid all of EP1's script from scratch. The results are satisfying; characters speak naturally, inner monologues don't feel stilted, and wordplay is more sophisticated.MangaGamer contracted an artist to create new character art to replace Ryukishi07's original work. Again, the results pay off as the new character sprites look professional and do a great job at conveying the emotions of the characters. I personally prefer the new art to the old, but purists can switch between the two by simply pressing 'P'.The Steam version of Higurashi runs on an entirely different engine than the original, an engine which allows the game components to be modded at the players' leisure. Players who wish to use the PS2 character art, PS3 backgrounds, etc. are easily able to modify Higurashi's files to do so. The new engine doesn't interfere with normal gameplay at all, and returning players might not even notice it.All of these make the Steam version one of the greatest ways to experience Higurashi, but how's the story itself? Engaging, to say the least; first-time players often find it difficult to stop reading once they've invested time and emotion into the plot and characters. Each chapter ('Onikakushi' being one of eight) is roughly 7-9 hours in length, so you'll definitely not feel cheated for content by the time you finish.Higurashi has earned its acclaim/notoriety. If you ever wanted to get into VNs, this is one of the best you can start with."
,Recommended,310360,15870637,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,prototypeOEZ,A psychological horror game/novel that doesn't include jumpscares.....Not many games like that exist today.....EDIT: There is one or two scenes in the novel that made me jump a bit but I think i am in the minority there (The 'LIES!' scene in particular)
,Recommended,310360,15881671,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Golden Truth,"Finally, a game that teaches players valuable life lessons such as:- Stay away from little girls with cleavers.- When in a town full of crazy people, try not to be home alone.- Don't do cocaine in phone booths."
76561198129794402,Recommended,310360,15853381,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Moo359,"so good, it'll make your neck itch .."
,Recommended,310360,15858904,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,RSn|Animus,"Higurashi When They Cry is a series that spans 8 Chapters (or Arcs) in total and Onikakushi (Spirited Away by the Demon) is the first of 8 chapters. The Steam version is a remaster of the original Sound Novel which includes the option to switch between the new sprites or the original sprites.The story in itself is a solid horror/thriller experience, it throws you in a shoe of Maebara Keiichi, a recent transfer student to Hinamizawa and his experience with his friend. The beginning of the game shows you an all-happy go round group of friends and kyute girls that as they go about doing kyute things. As the story progress, Keiichi discover that there was a bloody murder in Hinamizawa. Confused and curious about what happen, he started asking his kyute friends about the incident but they keep denying it happens, which makes Keiichi starting to doubt his friends. The story starts to get interesting around the end of Watanagashi festival, I won't spoil the rest of the story but expect a crazy ride after that.If you have already watched the anime, then you must read this VN (I know I said Higurashi is a Sound Novel, but blame Chunsoft on that one) since the anime butchered a lot of content from the VN. There is no choice to be made since this is a kinetic VN and no it doesn't have voice acting even though it was promoted as Sound Novel (blame Chunsoft). Also this is just the first chapters/arcs of Higurashi so expect to shell out another $6 for Tsumiboroshi, Meakashi, Watanagashi, Matsuribayashi, Tatarigoroshi, Minagoroshi & Himatsubushi. Based corporate :^)Closing this review, I recommend any oldf*gs out there (like myself ;-;) who have played Higurashi before to play this one not only because of the updated sprite, but also unifying all your Higurashi in one place (Steam) is nice if you didn't have the physical copy of all Higurashi. If you're interested/new to the series, love horror/thriller genre or have watched the anime and still feel that it's lacking, pick this up and sate your horror/thriller need.Also, Umineko f*cking when MangaGamer?"
76561198055865745,Recommended,310360,15893463,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Lord Regal,"As someone who watched the anime before playing this game, let me preface this review with the three words that resonated in me the whole time I went through this.So.  Much.  Content.This remastered sound novel contains the first four episodes of the anime.  In rough numbers, this is about an hour and a half of content.  As someone who can read rather fast, this sound novel took me almost nine hours.  This wasn't two hours of good content and seven of boring padding, but rather nine solid hours of enjoyment.  Seeing the thoughts behind Keiichi, the main character, change as the novel progresses, seeing more of the average day life that the cast goes through prior to Watanagashi, and just in general seeing things fleshed out so much more than in the show was wonderful.  The atmosphere was perfect throughout, and the character sprites were much more engaging than I was expecting as someone new to sound novels.  My only real complaint was the total lack of choices throughout.  I know through the friend that got me into this series in the first place that later chapters will have them, but it was surprising to both of us that this one was completely on rails.  This didn't detract from the story, but did feel a little disappointing.So, do I recommend this experience?  Whether you've seen the show, or want to see what all the fuss is about before looking at either the rest of the novels or the show, I most certainly do.  For $6, you get a book complete with backgrounds, character sprites, and sounds.  You get a fantastic first chapter of a fantastic story.  You get heartwarming moments, heartbreaking moments, and a few truly creepy moments.  What more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,310360,20794748,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Veltharis,"First, a brief note to the uninitiated:This is not a pleasant story, whatever the screenshots may have led you to believe. Beneath the veneer of a cheesy, run-of-the-mill school-comedy lies a cruel world of madness, terror, and violence. Major characters die routinely; sometimes on-screen, sometimes off, but never in a peaceful manner. Nonetheless, it is a highly compelling experience, and very rewarding if you can endure to the end of the series. If this intrigues you, feel free to read on, but those looking for nothing more than a stereotypical anime-harem-style rom-com would do well to look elsewhere. Higurashi may resemble that on a superficial level, but this is a series that delights in letting the reader think they know what is going on, even as it brings the façade crumbling down around them.Now, then..Each chapter of Higurashi When They Cry is a seemingly self-contained story comprised of three distinct parts. The first is indeed a light-hearted slice-of-life comedy, centered around a mixed-age group of students living in a remote Japanese village in the early 1980s. Made up of four local girls and the protagonist, a boy who just recently moved into town, this group spends their time going to school, playing a variety of games together (usually under the threat of ridiculous and embarrassing penalties for losing), and generally goofing around. This relaxed, easy-going atmosphere – filled with ruthless card games, lunchtime chopstick duels, and treasure-hunting at an illegal garbage dump – appears at first glance to be utterly inviolate; a tranquil, serene place where nothing tragic could ever happen.Inevitably, this atmosphere begins to sour, as the locals' carefully hidden secret – a four year long string of deaths and disappearances – starts to show through the illusion of a peaceful country village. Seemingly straightforward on the surface, with little reason to believe they may be connected, these incidents nonetheless have some disturbing things in common. The victims have some connection – albeit increasingly tenuous ones – to an old, hotly contested dam construction project. And each of these events occurred around the time of an annual religious festival held at the village shrine every June. While most try not to speak of them, particularly to outsiders, or pass them off as sad coincidences, these incidents invariably give rise to rumors of a conspiracy within the village to purge it of those perceived as enemies... Or, among the superstitious, of the curse of an angry god.Finally, the proverbial dam breaks and events begin to spiral out of control in a sudden, rapidly escalating drama of suspicion, violence, and murder, suffused with a pervasive psychological horror that straddles the line between a supernatural malice and one that is all-too-human in nature. Personal secrets are dredged up and sins exposed, showing characters the reader thought they knew in a very different light, while eerily echoing centuries old regional legends that speak of this place not as a quiet, insular community, but rather as a monstrous village of man-eating demons – oni, for those into Japanese mythology. Who is at fault? Is anyone at fault? Could the crime have been prevented? Do you even know what the crime is?At times switching gears so seamlessly that you hardly notice and at others doing so with a deliberately jarring abruptness, these three elements combine together to gradually build an atmosphere of tension, terror, and inexorably approaching tragedy, even as they challenge the protagonist and reader alike to uncover the truth of what exactly is happening in this tiny mountain village.Higurashi When They Cry is a “visual novel” in a stricter sense than most, known as a “kinetic” or “linear” visual novel that lacks player choice, as opposed to the more typical form of visual novel built around branching storylines. Gameplay amounts to the same kind of “player interaction” that can be experienced by reading a traditional mystery novel – gathering clues from the narrative, building and revising a theory, and attempting to reach the correct solution before the author reveals the answers in the end.As previously mentioned, each chapter is essentially self-contained: covering roughly the same period of time; utilizing the same pool of characters (regardless of what may have happened to them in a previous chapter); and featuring the same general situation. Yet each story also differs in various ways. Different characters and their backgrounds take on the central roles. New characters are introduced and previously minor ones are expanded upon. Some plot elements are explained away, while others are unveiled for the first time. And ultimately, a new, unique chain of events is brought about, leading to its own distinct conclusion. Later chapters toy with this formula in various fashions, one notable way being by changing the protagonist to tell, or retell, the story from a different character's perspective. All together, this allows the reader – through repetition, of sorts – to gradually start to distinguish the events that are fixed, that are certain, from those that can change, what is real from what is illusion, and try to piece together the truth, perhaps even finding the miracle that leads to a happy ending somewhere along the way.With each chapter seeming to have no bearing on the events in any of the others, this series can be understandably confusing for new readers, who will have difficulty working out exactly how the disjointed pieces are meant to fit together. In the interest of aiding those not yet “in the know” I will offer this, decidedly non-spoiler, interpretation: consider each chapter as a particular “path” from a Choose Your Own Adventure book or branching-style visual novel, only written as its own individual story and given to the reader in sequential order. While not entirely accurate, this viewpoint should allow new readers to reconcile the apparent disconnect between chapters until such mysteries begin to be revealed in the series' second half.Higurashi is also described as a “sound novel”, owing to the developer's emphasis on the use of background music and sound effects to help shape the atmosphere of each scene. This is done exceedingly well, although many of the better pieces of music start to appear in the later chapters. At the same time, the developer, 07th Expansion, and the game's author, Ryukishi07, are very much the Japanese equivalent of an indie studio, with Higurashi being their first project. Nowhere does this show through more than in the graphics. The background images are largely ordinary photographs with a filter over them and the original character sprites, while expressive and charming in their own way, are fairly amateur work. The character sprites can be switched out to updated, more professional ones in the options menu, if so desired.There are some minor details regarding the translation that could use some polish, but overall it is a thoroughly engaging affair alternately capable of making the reader laugh out loud and sending a chill down their spine. After letting Onikakushi and Watanagashi sit unplayed on my desktop for months due to time constraints, I just recently powered my way through both available chapters, promptly reread the entirety of the manga series, then played Onikakushi through again. I'd have done the same for Watanagashi, but my love for Higurashi's quasi-sequel Umineko has flared up and stolen away my attention for the time being.As a long time fan of the When They Cry franchise, my only complaint is that the next chapter isn't out yet. If you have even a moderate tolerance for what one prominent video game critic refers to as “Anime Bull****”, I cannot recommend this series highly enough.Welcome to Hinamizawa.......Is anyone else hearing footsteps behind them? *absently scratches neck*"
,Recommended,310360,18565150,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,fleur,"Ironically enough, good horror can often serve as an escape. When you're fully immersed in a state of mind where your attention is drawn, or rather forced towards a source of fear and terror, the unpleasantness serves to pull your mind away from a life of deadlines, chores and unfulfillment. In that sense, it's a lot like drenching bland food in plenty of hot sauce - sure, your mouth may sting to high heaven, but at least you don't have to taste what you're eating.In that sense, Onikakushi drew me in hard. The premise isn't anything that original (an insular country town with a dark history harbours an unpleasant secret that you stumble upon by chance) but the execution is exceptional. The degree to which it pulls you into the psychological state of doubt, terror, helplessness, paranoia and delusion is so extensive that I experienced horrible acid flashbacks at no less than four points in the story. By the time it was over, I felt tangible relief.The main plot takes a while to get going - the buildup takes up almost half the story and is composed almost entirely of dumb anime tropes, if that sort of thing might turn you off (personally, I'm fine with it), but the payoff is well worth it. I'd highly recommend this, especially at so cheap a price."
,Recommended,310360,16850058,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ajshell1,"There is more than one way to induce fear in a gamer.The easiest is simply to mention the words ""uplay"" or ""GFWL"".The second easiest way is to include jump scares, which are to the horror genre as fart jokes are to comedy.This game does none of those.It builds a nice image of a friendly village in 1980's Japan, and then turns the town of your dreams into a waking nightmare.This is, without a doubt, part one of  the scariest visual novel series ever written.I'll admit that it does have it's flaws, mainly that it takes a bit too long to get to the scary parts, and several other flaws inherent in the visual novel medium, but they don't seriously detract from the game.It's also a mystery visual novel, and if you haven't been spoiled yet, you'll be guessing all the way until the final chapter (which has yet to be released).All in all, I really enjoyed myself while reading this visual novel, and you enjoy yourself too.As for price, I can reccomend buying this game at full price. Normally, I have a rule that I won't buy games unless they are at least 66% off (one only needs to see how many games I own on steam to see how well this has worked),  but for this game I broke my rule and I don't regret it in the slightest.tl;dr:An absolute masterpiece of a horror/mystery visual novel. Worth it a full price."
,Recommended,310360,17904300,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,"Stay Moist, My friend",A fun happy game full of friendship.
,Recommended,310360,31163965,Posted: 15 April,all,Faudraline,"Please do not lament, I will forgive you even if the world will not forgive you.Please do not lament, I will forgive you even if you will not forgive the world.So please tell me; what will it take for you to forgive me? - Frederica BernkastelHere is the first chapter to the critically acclaimedHigurashi When They Cryseries:Ch.1 - Onikakushi. The term onikakushi means ""spirited away"" or literally ""taken away by demons"". Starting with this first game, Higurashi series are known to be the best examples of horror/mystery thriller in Visual Novel genre with extensive use of sound effects, high quality horror narrative and well elaborated story revelation. I've had my eyes on this VN series for a while now, hearing high praises and exclamations of disbelief, like ""I can't believe you haven't play that one yet. It is really creepy!"". Completing this prologue, I can see why. This is by far, the best thriller narrative that I've come across in this genre.Here we are taking the role of Keiichi Maebara, a young boy who just moved into silent village of Hinamizawa, far away from any big city. With its natural beauty and eerie isolation, Hinamizawa is the perfect setting of any Stephen King novel already. But Keiichi's life here starts funny, light hearted and perfectly amusing. He befriends a band of cheerful young girls, all with quirky characters and joins their gaming club. They keep each other company and go through many heartwarming experiences. Well, this is the first part of the game, presenting a feel of the core setting and most of the characters involved anyhow. Taking a closer look, this warm setting sits upon a gruesome mystery which Keiichi accidentally comes into contact with. Through sheer coincidence, he learns that there has been a violent murder within the village following an issue with a dam building project. Whenever he tries to ask his friends about the issue, they gleefully change the subject and pretend that there has never been anything suspicious within the town. After the annual Watanagashi festival, celebrating the local god - Oyashiro-sama - things get a quick turn from heartwarming to ominous, and eventually to daunting and downright psychotically creepy in the end.At the end of this first game, you'll be presented more questions rather than answers, so don't be discouraged. Higurashi series mainly consist of 8 core games - 4 question arcs, and 4 answer arcs. Starting with this one, all first four games intend to present you with mysteries concerning this silent village and many characters who inhabit the place. Next four will gradually reveal the answers to those mysteries. Speaking of answers, all question arcs are here on steam already and the 5th game - first answer arc - will soon be here on Steam too. So, brace yourselves! Higurashi is a long ride, and I am more than convinced that it's gonna be worthy of both the time and the budget you'll spare for.The game is a kinetic visual novel, in which you won't be presented with any choice options. You'll go ahead and witness a story - and a well written one at that too. For this specific series, the term ""sound novel"" is used though, even though there isn't any voiceover. The reason for the term is that the atmosphere within the series heavily relies on background music and various sound effects, starting with the trademark sound of higurashi - the evening cicada - dominating the village with their ominous, monotonous buzzing throughout the series. The written narrative is exceedingly good, with top-notch translation, presenting a grasping atmosphere whether it be lazy, competitive, thrilling or... deadly.Again, I must note that the starting mood of the game shouldn't fool you. This is NOT a family friendly story, especially after its first half. At the end of each chapter, you'll reveal some hints concerning the true nature of events and as you complete the story, you'll be presented with a ""all-cast"" commentary about the events. Will they reveal anything? Nope, but they'll steer you towards the most probable path. This is a long running mystery with seriously well-arranged interrelation.In this Steam version, all character artworks are updated, and presented as a bit more esthetic spirits compared to their original, cutesy versions. Yet, visuals are not the primary quality of the game. Both narrative and background sounds will engulf you into this uncanny mystery faster than any visual presentation.May I recommend this first chapter? Without skipping a heartbeat. It is elaborate, it is relatable, it is mysterious and it is downright gruesome with a grasping narrative. What else I can ask for in this genre? Well, now that I'm done with this one, I'll proceed to play the second chapter. I am already curious about the fate of our characters and the proper way to answer all mysteries revolving around them. Good day and good gaming to you!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,310360,19062891,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Ｃ ＢＯＹＡＲＤＥＥ,This game made me realize how slow of a reader I am...
,Recommended,310360,15847361,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,The Dark Slayer,"Higurashi no Naku Koro Ni or Higurashi: When They Cry is one of the most famous horror anime series ever for good reason. A lot of mystery solving, blood and gore, and yandere. Although originally a visual novel and this being the Steam remake, the Higurashi series is widely known in the anime fan culture, and even on the internet due to some memes being born from it, as well as many scenes of the anime being uploaded on YouTube. The games in the series have been released on PC, PS2, PS3, PS Vita, iOS, Android, and Nintendo DS, as well as the popular anime adaptation and the manga adaptations. I first discovered Higurashi from the clips on YouTube and it has been one of my favorite franchises ever since. This particular arc, Onikakushi-hen is one of my favorites because I own the manga adaptation of it. I have also playedWatanagashi-hen and Meakashi-hen.The gameplay of a visual novel game is pretty basic. You click and read the text that's on the screen. Pretty simple, huh? Well, Higurashi is a different case. The story follows the myth ofOyashiro-sama's Curse,a myth that is linked to consecutive murders that occur every summer in the town of Hinamizawa. With every murder, another person goes missing. Every story arc is like the movie Groundhog Day as you are stuck in a time-loop. There are 4 main Question arcs, and 4 Answer arcs, and many other extra arcs that go deeper into the story. You play the role ofKeiichi Maebara,who recently moves to Hinamizawa. Every story arc is different because in every arc, a different character falls victim toThe Hinamizawa Syndrome,which causes the character to act in strange and violent ways. By reading the story and reading tips that you can unlock, you start to figure out what's going on, who's responsible for the strange acts, and the murders of some of the main characters. The only one who can solve the mystery of Hinamizawa and the ""Curse,"" is you, the player.I suck at writing reviews, but I highly recommend this game to anyone who's looking for a good mystery to solve, anyone who wants to familiarize themselves with the Higurashi franchise, or anyone who loves the series and has been a longtime fan of it."
,Recommended,310360,32045659,Posted: 29 May,all,Sapremic,"If you only read one thing, read this: THERE IS A FAN PATCH THAT ADDS HD BACKROUNDS, NEW SPRITES (different from either currently in this version) AND VOICE ACTING BACK TO THE GAME. Not sure why they took those out for this release. But after playing with the voices and the new backrounds, I cannot imagine going back to the 'vanilla' version. A short google search for 'higurashi voice patch' is probably enough.Review:Screw this game, man. It's a trap. It literally tricks you. You start off a tiny bit spooked. You don't know what's going on. Then it TRICKS you. Lulls you into a false sense of ease and security, happiness. Friendship. You spend hours making friends and having a good time then while your guard is down and your mind is filled with cute girls and happy times it walks up, inserts its ice cold claw into your butt and shakes you by the spinal cord.This game has caused so many chills down my spine I thought I had a problem with my central nervous system. I literally do not know how this can go on for so many more games when it's as intense as it is RIGHT NOW. My hands sweat the entire time I'm playing and I'm getting sweaty just thinking about it.(With patch)Voice over: 7/10Sound: 6/10. Music is darn good, expect to listen to higurashi a lot (that's Cicadas for you pure blooded non weeaboos out there)Grafix: 7.5/10 Having hi-def and widescreen actual hand-drawn backrounds is a much nicer visual, in addition to the updated character cut ins for certain CGs.Story: 9/10Total score: Buy it kid, buy it right now and get ur butt spooked so hard (get the patch kid, do it)(No patch)Voice over: doesnt existSound: 6/10 (unaffected by patch)Grafix: Looks like the OG backrounds with no update. The author just drew over pictures he took 20 years ago. No widescreen. Has its own charm. 'NEW' sprites look alright, nicely drawn but lack a lot of impact the ones added by the patch have.Story: 9/10 (unaffected by patch)Total score: Still buy it even if you are computer illteriate, cannot google 'higurashi voice patch' and don't know how to press 'install' on the program and wait a few minutes."
,Recommended,310360,32510512,Posted: 17 June,all,Jack Traid,"Wow, this game surely was great. Even though I saw the anime first, this was an exciting experiance indeed.What is it?Higurashi when they cry is a sound novel series. The games use sound effects, images, and appropriate music to generate an atmosphere for the story. (And might I say that do it rather well indeed.) The key characters have sprites to help you get a better idea of their appearance, and their current mood. Images tend to be scenes so you can get the idea of where the character is.StoryWhile the game uses all that above to generate a brilliant atmosphere, it wouldn't quite be complete without a story now, would it? Chapter 1 (Onikakushi) is seen as the, shall we say Introduction to the series. (There is more on this matter in the after party.) The rough outline of the story (without spoilers) goes as follows:You are new to the small village of Hinamizawa. After a few weeks/months of living a normal life there you begin to learn that there is a strange event there every year, one person dies, another goes missing. Some believe this to be a curse, others believe it to be a conspiracy. You are now caught up within it. You, with the help of the detective Ooishi need to find out what the cause of this is, but most importantly you need to survive long enough to bring the truth to light.With theories like the use of meth, schizophrenia, and even being possessed by a diety, it certainly is interesting.Higurashi when they cry puts you in the character's position, you know what he hears, says, sees, and even thinks.There are optional tips that come up that give you (The player) a chance to observe an incident that the character you are following may not have been in, or know of.NOTE: This game follows a set path.CostFor the experiance, I'd say this game is definately worth the cost. To top it off, it's cheap for the playtime on a single runthrough. (At the time I finished the game once through I had around 14.7 hours playing the game.)After PartyAfter you have completed the game, you unlock the ""After Party"". This is also titled as the ""All cast review session"". In it, the characters break down the 4th wall and share their opinions on the game, and their theories behind the inccidents, also discussing what the beta players thought. (A surprisingly nice way to end the game, as it doubles up as a brief recap.) It also discusses the preperations for the second chapter (Which I have high expectations for.)This game, as said above, was great. I just fell into the world they were trying to portray, even after seeing the anime, some elements of the game surprised me.Why are you still reading this? Haven't you bought the game already?"
76561198057378998,Recommended,310360,16040676,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,TheDrunkenMagi,"TLDR: The thumb is pointing up. That means good.Important Information to KnowThis game covers the first arc (Abducted by Demons arc, about 2 manga volumes long) of the story, while it says Ch.1 this game covers the first 4-5 episodes of the show and has something like 12 chapters in the game. This game is a visual novel with about 15 hours of reading. A visual novel is basically a book with relevant background music, sound effects, background art, and character art to enhance the reading experience.About the story - mostly spoiler freeHigurashi No Naku Koro Ni (aka Higurashi When They Cry, or just When They Cry) can be described as a Slice of Life Comedy and a Mystery Psychological Horror/Thriller, one of the bloodiest and most disturbing in the genre. Which turns many people away early on, but if you stay with it you learn it's about the human needs for friends, trust, and communication.While each arc is a completed story it does not complete the overall story of the series. Each arc shows a different version of the Hinamizawa mystery, each time showing you news clues and introducing new characters. If you stick through the entire story you will basically see the same story several times, slightly different each time before ultimately seeing an overall conclusion. It's like playing a game where you have to reach a bunch of Bad Ends before you learn how to win and get a Happy Ending.It is also easily one of the most rewarding stories I have ever experienced.Areas for improvementI found myself wishing the artwork used was more manga-like, namely that characters would be drawn with objects they were holding (not just their apparel changes) and that they drew out certain key scenes.Examples (these are all pretty bad spoilers, beware):The newer art style for Mion does not show her carrying a gun when in civilian attire. Also I would've liked to have seen the characters holding playing cards when they were playing card games. Rena carrying an axe whenever she was, Mion holding a syringe, Rena with a giant teddy bear after they win it, I could probably do without them holding chopsticks when they were eating but that wouldn't hurt the immersion either. In the later epsiodes there will be times when the characters have blood on them, I'd like to actually see blood on their character art, and I'd like to see the scar on Shion's back when they get to that part.During the Needle scene showing Keiichi's hand with a needle in it would've been great, or showing a picture of a white van when Keiichi gets hit by the van, showing some fingers trapped in the door when Keiichi shuts the door on Rena's fingers, things like this. The later episodes will show torture and murder scenes that I feel should be drawn out for the readers like in the Manga and Anime.Cost EffectivenessCompared to other media with the same story- The visual novel costs $6 through steam and covers the first arc of the story, in Manga form (your trading in reading atmosphere for better illustrations) this is about 2 volumes which equate to around $20, in Anime form (your trading in extra content that can't be adequately described through a show, such as thought and feelings of the character for a story with better illustrations and sounds)  this is 4-5 episodes which will cost you like $40 as a DvD. While you can find the Manga and Anime online for free, you could also probably find this game somewhere online for free if you're determined to go that route.Compared to other games- This game ($6) has about 15 hours of reading, which is about the amount of time I spent playing Axiom Verge ($20). In my opinion this visual novel was a much more rewarding experience, and while Axiom Verge has immediate replay value, this story will have more replay value a year or 2 from now when I've forgotten about it."
,Recommended,310360,15887277,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,CB007,"Looks can be deceiving, and this game can be absolutely terrifying. Play it alone, in the dark and it's really a thrill. The only complaint is that it seems slow going and predictable in the first hour or so. But there's a reason for that. Stick with it."
76561198025193586,Recommended,310360,16177995,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Shuugo,"Finally a version with the original BGM and English.Really shouldn't never happened, you can't just go replacing the music in a SOUND novel.Translation is nice, and add-on support and script editing/recompilation by the community is a nice touch for experience personalization.Can't wait for the rest of the arcs to be released."
76561198028195486,Recommended,310360,15881029,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Jemsters,"(With this game you'll be buying the first chapter of the main story of Higurashi out of 8, it'll be about 6-10 hours long, depending of your reading speed.)Higurashi No Naku Koro Niis a great mystery novel with lots of twists to it.The first chapter is pretty much an introduction to all the despair that's about to fall upon you and our protagonists. I'd recommend grabbing a notebook or opening the notepad on your computer for the next chapters that'll be released in the next few months. The right way to play the series is to take notes throughout your read and to try and decipher the mysteries taking place in Hinamizawa by yourself.You'll be the omnipotent detective, travelling through space and time, and the village of Hinamizawa will look like your playing field,but in reality you'll be Hinamizawa's puppet, despair shall prevail.Tldr ;Is the first chapter out of 8 of this game is worth it's price ?Absolutely""I really liked the first chapter of Higurashi, what should I read next ?"":-Umineko no Naku Koro ni: The spiritual sequel to Higurashi. Umineko and Higurashi are independent stories, you don't need to have read Higurashi in order to enjoy it.-Higanbana no Saku Yoru ni: Another great work from Higurashi's author.-And then there were none: A huge influence of Higurashi's author and another great mystery novel, a masterpiece in itself.-The Muv-Luv trilogy (Extra/Unlimited/Alternative): The greatest work of fiction I've ever came across, it isn't a mystery novel, it's actually science-fiction, but I had to at least recommend it."
,Recommended,310360,17276811,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ＰＲＩＮＣＥＳＳ ＡＵＴＩＳＴＩＣ ＬＯＬＩ,I love Rena Ryuuguu.
76561198075597069,Recommended,310360,15894706,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,♥Milk✿Tea♥,"Is this Visual Novel worth the buy?I wonder? I wonder?Nipah~ Of course it is!After watching the anime, despite knowing how it ends and the mysteries surrounding the plot, I still bought the game, because this VN is one of the best horror/mystery games stories I have read!The plot may seem simple at first, but this is mainly the prologue of the story. Still so many plot twists and intrigue waiting for you, once the other chapters are released!In around 14 hours, at medium text speed, I finished playing the game (including extras).The music sets the tone very well, whether it's a cheerful mood or a tense moment. The sound effects are great, especially the cry of the cicadas ;) It feels very atmospheric, especially when you play the game on a hot summer afternoon as I did XDI enjoyed the VN more than the anime, because you know what the main protagonist is thinking and going through. Having his thoughts available to us, really helps understand his predicament. It pulls you in!The switch between old and new artwork is a wonderful feature! I'm glad it was upgraded, the new art is very pretty!The script is well written and you will not be bored, even if some elements will be predictable, don't let it fool you. As I said, we've only touched the surface of the dark abyss that is Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni's story.Now don't lie to me, you feel like playing it don't you <3"
,Recommended,310360,15847139,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Yomi,This is a magical story.  Please do yourself a favor and read both Higurashi and Umineko.  Nipah~☆
,Recommended,310360,15859778,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Nyan,Do you know Oyashiro-sama?
,Recommended,310360,15846331,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,ＫＯＳ－ＭＯＳ,"Let's skip the pretense and get to the heart of the matter: do you like mystery novels? Then you need this.Ryukishi07 is a literary genius, and all of 07th Expansion's works are like masterpieces. You truly do not want to miss out on the experience that is the Higurashi (and Umineko) no Naku Koro ni series."
,Recommended,310360,19915787,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Salad Attack,I want things to be normal again.
,Recommended,310360,16703232,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,GG On That,"Higurashi When They Cry is a psychological horror visual novel which originally released in Japan in 2002.  Onikakushi is the first chapter in the saga.  Set in 1983, the story follows Keiichi Maebara as he and his parents move to the quiet, rural village of Hinamizawa.  As he settles into his new school and befriends his classmates, Keiichi begins to hear of some gruesome murders that happened in the town a few years prior to his arrival and is naturally interested to find out more.  What started out as innocent curiosity leads Keiichi further into a dangerous town conspiracy, and as the paranoia sets in, he soon discovers that those closest to him may be the very ones he should be running from.Plot/Writing:Higurashi When They Cry is praised as one of the best visual novels out there for a reason, and this port does an excellent job of portraying its well-written dialogue to a western audience.  Few visual novels present the genuine sense of paranoia, loneliness and vulnerability that Higurashi does, and fans of psychological horror should look no further since this game acts as a stunning example of the genre and then some.Art:You have two options when it comes to character portraits; the original art from the game's first release or the brand new art exclusive to this port.  The latter is set as the default and I highly recommend keeping it that way; the art is slick, clean and presents the characters and their emotions well.  I'd even go so far as to say the art is more polished in this version than in the recently released PS3 port of the game.Sound:Higurashi When They Cry and the later-released Umineko When They Cry are both described as 'sound novels' by their creators; meaning that there is a heavy emphasis on the sound effects and background music of each scene.  This is especially true for Higurashi; the ambience of the country village of Hinamizawa is forever set with the constant chirping of the cicadas in almost every scene, and the background music can go from incredibly bouncy to downright chilling in seconds.Flaws:Higurashi When They Cry could be easily criticised for its incredibly slow opening.  Although this serves to simply make the player feel connected to the characters before the horror scenes take place, many people could grow tired and give up reading before it gets good.  Not until midway into the chapter does the pacing pick up to the point where the game becomes too good to put down.  Furthermore, unlike other visual novels, there are no choices to be made, branching paths to discover or multiple endings to see; it is pure reading from start to finish, and although this is essentially what a visual novel is anyway, the complete absence of player interaction could be seen as a flaw.TL;DR:Pros:Fantastic writing; easily one of the best visual novels of the genreTruly chilling horror scenes are worth waiting forPolished, sleek character art that complements the story wellSound effects and soundtrack work together well to add to the tension10-15 hours of reading content is worth the cost of entryCons:Very slow opening could make players lose interest quicklyZero player interaction unlike other visual novels could hurt player interestLet's hope the next chapter releases soon!"
76561198040789075,Recommended,310360,15898750,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Merg Drangus,"This is a story which determines to wear a mask for a remarkably long time; seemingly a trope filled, nonetheless gratifying endeavour of the slice-of-life genre. Then there comes a point whence it will authoritatively subvert not only narrative expectations, but nurtured expectations of the medium as a whole, in such a manner that thereafter every aspect of this world seems to harbour an ominous intent.When that moment arrives, your blood will turn to ice. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,310360,23772592,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mr. H,"Before reading, be warned that this review, while spoiler-free, focuses on Higurashi as a whole.Monsters are real, and ghosts are real, too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.~Stephen KingIntroductionI should start by saying that Higurashi is a visual novel, and it comes with all the limitations of the medium: there is absolutely zero gameplay (this is a hardcore novel, so prepare for heavy reading), the pacing can feel weird at times (a long story chopped up into eight pieces and released with half-year gaps will do that), you will probably get frustrated when your viewpoint characters do stupid things (believe me, they will do stupid things), and it is very Japanese (certain anime tropes might turn some off). That being said, these limitations are my only complaints. In terms of fear factor, setting, characters, and themes, Higurashi is one of the best horror stories I have ever experienced.Fear FactorIt might seem weird to start with the actual scares when the game is so story-based and seemingly chipper. From the screenshots, you'd expect a harem romantic comedy, or at least something like it. However, Higurashi excels in presenting its scares slowly and tensely. From very early on in Onikakushi, the first chapter, the story gives tiny hints that Hinamizawa is not the arcadian paradise Keiichi Maebara seems to see every day. After the initial hints, the story takes its sweet time to develop the characters and get you attached to them. After a common turning point, all you've come to know and love will slowly crumble around you, and there will be tears of fear and sorrow. Higurashi is also quite creative in its selection of where the scares come from. There are dark gods, mad scientists, conspiracies, and plain old people going crazy. Regardless of the threat, it will be out of your control. This isn't a game with a world or a damsel to save; it's a tragedy of blood where everything can always get worse.SettingHigurashi takes place in 1983 in the small, quiet town of Hinamizawa, a nice place where everybody knows everybody and the days pass by sleepily. Unless you happen to be in the know about certain traditions, that is. Hinamizawa is very, very simlar to the small towns in Stephen King's works: locals of Derry or Castle Rock will feel right at home. Like these other peculiar little towns, Hinamizawa shines in its dual presentation: it is a nice place to live, but it also has a few dark secrets. Hinamizawa has a dark, tragic, and fascinating history, and most of the story's complex mystery centers around the past tragedies of the town. However, you would never know from spending a random day in town. Hinamizawa is a place of youthful adventure as much as a place of tragedy. The sun is usually shining, our heroes are usually goofing off, and the people will stick up for one another. This two-faced nature only highlights the deep extremes the circumstances fall into. Hinamizawa will take you back to your childhood romps while also making you wonder if those campfire stories were really just stories.Characters (and a Brief Plot Intro)Higurashi largely centers around the Game Club of Hinamizawa's one-classroom school. They're a rowdy, irreverant bunch of teenagers, but they're closer than family. The newest member (and only boy), Keiichi Maebara, is a city-slicker who has lived in Hinamizawa for a month now. Quick on his feet and good with words, Keiichi has found his crowd. Still, certain events cause him to suspect that his crowd is keeping very big secrets from him, and he starts to reconsider just how safe he is in this new environment. Higurashi features a small cast for a visual novel, but each character is given surprising depth, considering most are initially presented as stereotypes. Characters have tangible virtues and vices that have logical consequences as events unfold. All of this occurs without any player input, so the characters are forced to shoulder all the blame, and they react to this blame as flawed, complex people. Each character has his or her own dark secrets and insecurities, and all act differently when put under intense pressure. By the end of the first chapter, you will be wondering how you can know anyone when you don't even completely know the viewpoint character.ThemesHigurashi is a horror story in every sense of the phrase. It is crafted to inspire fear, and it is meant to be a story about fear. All of the previously mentioned elements of Higurashi serve to emphasize its main questions: what causes fear, what results from it, and what naturally opposes it? Does fear come by some divine decree, or is Stephen King right about where ghosts come from? Several visual novels place an abstract conflict as their centerpiece (e.g. Danganronpa and hope vs. despair), and Higurashi is no different. Higurashi's central theme is the struggle between fear and faith. Once characters lose their faith (familial, fraternal, religious, or humanist), the tragedy begins, but could they avoid tragedy by shutting out fear? Even if they could, what does that say about the strength of their faith? Is it then better to have no faith at all? Higurashi forces its characters to confront these questions while inviting the reader to do the same, and it doesn't make it easy. This is a series where the ghosts usually win, and victories are few and far between. Ultimately, it's up to you to decide who and what you will believe in.Closing WordsHigurashi is a horror and a tragedy, and it's quite skilled at both. I've been excited about the remastered Higurashi Hou for a long time now, and I can say that the fresh art, soundtrack, and translations have given new life to a modern classic. Onikakushi is the story's prologue: you'll discover the basic premise and general formula for the series, but be prepared for shakeups and a truckload of unanswered questions by the end of the chapter. As of writing, three of Higurashi's eight core chapters have been released on Steam. I highly recommend diving into this fable of fear, failure, and faith. Don't rush. Take your time. Immerse yourself in the world and invest in the characters. Stick with this mystery to the end, and make what you will of the ultimate answer."
,Recommended,310360,15856244,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Brave Mechonis,"$6 for one of the best visual novels available and the best one on Steam. Worth the investment because you will get a couple of hours out of it. A great horror and a mystery themed story. If you are new to the series, this is a wonderful spot to start at. If you are a series veteran and know the whole plot, then this is still a nice investment to support the 07th Expansion and nice source material. 10/10 material here.Disclaimer: No, there is absolutely no sexual content in this and there never was. This version has no censorship because there is nothing to censor. SO QUIT ASKING!"
,Recommended,310360,15846237,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Cs-137,"I'm not really good at writing reviews, but I figured I'd give it a shot since this is a series I'm pretty in love with.Onikakushi (""Spirited Away by the Demon"" if I recall correctly) is the first of 8 ""core"" arcs in theHigurashi no naku koro niseries. It was first released in 2002 as a visual novel but most here in the west are probably more familiar with the Studio Deen anime series that was an adaptation of the series. Despite the cutesy sprite art and generally energetic feel that dominates most of the work, it is solidly a mystery and thriller- or suspense-type visual novel.This is a straight port and slight remaster of that original visual novel. It is very much anoveland essentially reads like one, with time to read depending on how fast you can read. I read through the arcs, which took around 5 - 8 hours per arc. There are no choices, no voice acting, and no branching storyline. There's also no gore to be found here, so if you are squeamish or have heard about the series' reputation, don't let that dissuade you.Unlike MangaGamer's previous version of this, the original music was restored, and additionally, more ""traditionally animesque"" sprites were added as an alternative to Ryukishi07's (the author). The translation, also, has also been improved quite a lot from what I remember of the previous version.I think 6$ is a fair price for what it is, a solid visual novel, and at the same price as the crappy iOS port you get a much  better product."
,Recommended,310360,30340039,Posted: 5 March,all,DragYn,"Well, that was . . . uncomfortable? Disturbing? Chilling? Unnerving? All of the above, I suppose.Onikakushi is but the first of many in the Higurashi series of VNs. The characters themselves refer to it as a ""prologue"" (in an extra, cast-party type story), and this may very well be.  That said, the story feels ""complete"" in that it does in fact have an ending.  And ending with no shortage of questions and WTF? moments, but an ending none-the-less.Self-described as a ""sound novel"", I was at first taken aback by that term considering there is no voice acting.  But, as the story develops further, the use of music and especially sound effects can be intense.  This is one of the few VNs I've read where a subtle shift in the sound that the cicadas make would cause my hair to stand on end in anticipation.  So in that regard, I do believe it's significantly different from many of the VNs I've gone through before.Oh, and bonus points for making me look up the word ""gelid"". I have to say, I'm pretty sure that's the first time I've ever seen it used in a video game."
,Recommended,310360,15909373,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Tryptamemes,"The first arc of what I believe is easily one of the best story's in anime/manga from Japan. The original sprites were rather crude, but this makes a nice point of prettying it up. But more importantly, the story is immensely gripping and it really does become hard to turn away or put it down, so to speak.I for one, have watched the anime that was based off the visual novel, and even though I've experienced the masterpiece that is Higurashi no Naku Koro ni (and Kai, the second season), the story is still as gripping, chilling, and as amazing as ever.There should be about 3 more chapters that will conclude the 4 Question Arcs of the series, and then 4 more new chapters that will conclude the Answer Arc for the series, to which I am thoroughly looking forwards to!"
,Recommended,310360,15846959,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,End1essSorcerer,"*Note: This is both a (spoiler free) review of the game with some comments about the whole series that will be released chapter by chapter as they are retranslated*As a huge When They Cry fan I'm glad to see it appear on Steam and hopefully gain the attention it deserves. That it comes with a completely revamped translation (as MangaGamers old translation was filled with bad grammar and formating) and new sprites is just icing on the cake.Story: Since Higurashi is a Sound novel the story has to be the most important part of the game and it does that magnificently. While the first hour or so of the game is rather slow it then quickly opens up and becomes one of the most paranoia- and horror-filled experiences I have ever read (perhaps only eclipsed by the first arc of it's spiritual sequel, Umineko no Naku Koro Ni). But a note for those who are used to flag based Visual novels where there are occasionally dialogue options that often effect what happens next and what ending you will receive, Higurashi does not contain any choices. Higurashi is instead what is called a kinetic mystery novel where you, as the player, are supposed to read the story and through the hints provided in this chapter and the the other chapters in the so called questions arc (ch. 1-4 with 5-8 being called the answer arc) try to solve the mystery. So, don't expect any choices but instead, pick up a pen and paper, fire up your brain and try to solve this strange case.Characters: Characters have always been the greatest part of Ryukushi's writing and the characters in the Higurashi is no exception. While, in the beginning, the characters look like normal people if slightly strange and eccentric, as the story moves forward you will get a whole new view of them as the darker parts of their backstories and natures are revealed. And while there are many side characters that doesn't get that much development (or even a sprite) almost everyone else receives at least one chocking reveal and many of the villains are also shown to have at least one sympathetic side to them.Art: In many Visual novels the art is usualy ranging from decent to fantastic, When They Cry usually put itself on the lower part of the curve. The background is just real photographs (taken in the Japanese village Shirakawa-go) with a photoshop filter and the original sprites are very crude. But in my opinion that doesn't really matter as the main focus is the story, and the characters are mostly there to help you get forward, make you care about them, and in a few cases give out a few laughs with how they look. But as I said above this re-release comes with new character-sprites which the MangaGamer team worked on in coordination with 07th Expansion. I think they look really good and captures the original quite well but on the other hand they do contrast a bit against the background and sadly aren't are expressive as the original sprites (compare Rena's new shocked/embarrased sprites with the originals).Music: As the name Sound novel implies the music is one of the primary aspects of the game. But while the music in this re-release is better then the one used in the original release (as MG couldn't get permission to use it) it is still rather weak compared to the series from ch. 4 and onward. But that doesn't mean it's bad, it's just not as good as it is later on. The music often fits perfectly with the scenes and the scary scenes are often made even worse by showing that silence is often even more scary than a scare chord, by removing the music during those scenes.Gameplay: As I noted earlier, there is no gameplay at all in this ''game''. The closest is that after every few chapters a couple of TIPS are opened that you can read. But while you can skip them it is strongly suggested that you read them as they are side stories that are either background material, cryptic discussions or contains further hints to the mystery.Final thoughts: Of all the stories I have ever read, When They Cry is probably my all time number one and while I consider Umineko to be slightly better, Higurashi is still really good. So if you either want to try out what a Visual novel actually is or just want a good and engaging mystery story with well written characters and a amazing soundtrack in a new and interesting format, pick up this game.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------You are invited to solve this strange case. Will you pick up the challenge or will you give up and leave it unsolved. And if you do pick it up will you succeed to find the truth or will you fail like so many others?Welcome to Hinamizawa."
,Not Recommended,310360,16724196,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,jjjakey,"Don't let my no for the reccomendation fool you, Higurashi no Naku Koro ni is an amazing story that I HIGHLY reccomend you experience, but this isn't the version to do it.Currently while writing this review in late June of 2015, I am highly disapointed with Mangagamer's decision to rerelease one tenth of Higurashi's entirety with the same backgrounds, horrid UI, and lack of voice acting. This was acceptable in 2002 when the sound novel was originally released, but it comes off as extremely lazy in 2015.As for what was updated, the new sprites are a mixed bag. There's so much space between everybody's eyes, this causes some character's faces to look very strange (Rika and Mion being hit the hardest by this). On the flip side, Satoko has never looked better (can't wait to backpeddle that statement when Tatarigoroshi comes out..). Rena's artwork is all on point as well (even though she really could have used a sprite with her holding her axe...), which is great, seeing how she has the larger role in this chapter.tl;dr get the ps3 patch and cry that you're paying MangaGamer $6 for an inferior chapter"
,Recommended,310360,30888202,Posted: 1 April,all,old chicken,"First ,this game I rate a 10 out of 10 ,feel free to buy! Next I will talk about it...The story happens around the holiday Watanagase, where for 4 years in a row for every holiday find one brutally murdered man, and the second is missing[9].1983 (58th year of Showa era), in the village of Hinamizawa moved Keiichi Maebara. He quickly integrated into the friendly team of school club. But, suddenly, he begins to reveal the mystery that is full of not only the village itself, but almost every resident.4 years ago the Japanese government created a project for the construction of a dam near the village. But the village was in a zone of prospective flooding. All the villagers offered a reward in exchange for their departure.Three of the oldest and most respected families decided to leave the village, no one will, and founded a series of protest rallies. Almost the whole village was on the side of the three families. But there were opponents who were satisfied with a cash fee and they called for an exit from the village. At the head of the last movement were the parents of Satoko.Some time later, committed the murder of the superintendent. Police found a dismembered corpse. For four years, the killer was never found. Since then, every holiday Watanagashi one person missing and another is found dead.4 years later one of the mug must be subjected to the aggravation of the syndrome Hinamizawa and kills all the others. And at the very end at the altar dies, Furude Rick and history repeats itself.Local God — Oyashiro-she appears as the protector of the village. For example, in the case of Renai, who left the village for a year, lost his mind because of the hallucinations and, armed with a bat, smashed all the Windows in her new school and beat several people. To punish the girl did not, but she soon returned to the village. Just the year before transfer Keiichi.It is believed that the priestess of the temple of Furude (the title is passed from priestess to priestess) keeps people Syndrome Hinamizawa, until, while alive and resident is close to Ricky.All the characters of the series are karmically linked. The theme of reincarnation and responsibility for what is happening reflects the mentality of the Japanese and allows us to understand their psychology different from the psychology of European mentality, formed a Christian culture. The portrayal of the characters is extremely simple, and the plot moves typical of a Thriller, but overall, it was a work that raises philosophical questions and color with deep psychology."
,Recommended,310360,31349327,Posted: 24 April,all,Akka,"One, nothing wrong with meHigurashi is a top 30 VN spread across eight books. Most of them begin with a carefree slice of life high school scenario that eventually shifts into a sadistic, terrifying murder mystery. I'll review the series as a whole here.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=912786807&fileuploadsuccess=1PlotThere's over 50 hours of plot twists and reading to swallow, peppered with mystery staggered across the first four books and answers trickling slowly in the latter four. The story by itself is so brilliant that it spawned an anime, manga, and several subsequent adaptations. I was so compelled that I ended up reading for 11 days straight.VisualThe hilariously bad character art has been redrawn and updated specifically for this release. While the new art is excellent, many of the backgrounds and still images didn't get transferred over from the recent PS3 release. Luckily you can mod most of the content back in, but if you go in unaware then you'll be missing out. Check out the steam guides to fix these shortcomings.SoundIt almost hurts to not give this category a higher score. When the sound was ported the audio mixer failed to accommodate for capping the volume, so certain songs will nauseatingly pop and crack. Luckily the sound (like the art) can be modified and you can port in proper music or even the recreated tracks released from other editions.DifficultyNot a conventional game--not conventionally difficult. The challenge is in figuring out the answers and making predictions. It's almost spitefully impossible to crack the mystery during the first four books.SpectacleMind crushingly terrifying. The slice of life bits give you a break and acclimate you to normalcy. Then everything gets shattered like this.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=906851423GameplayNo decisions, no routes, just lean back in your chair or lie in bed while you click away.Four and a half stars out of fiveNeeding to mod the game to patch the sound quality and insert lost art assets keeps this game from getting a full five stars. Otherwise you have a fantastic thriller mystery that pushes the envelope with its gratuitous ultraviolence and paranoid suspense."
76561197999191779,Recommended,310360,16323177,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,pustulio4,"Higurashi is brilliant and creepy. I loved it and I will be thinking about it for a long, long time, but I had to play it in small doses because it was too intense to play for more than a few minutes at a time. If the next chapter ever becomes available, I intend to grab it immediately.This is not a game. It's a story, like a novel but with sound and music to enhance the mood, and it is excellently effective. It usually lets you advance the text of the story at whatever pace you choose, but sometimes it takes control and makes you pause in anticipation before revealing the next line. That may sound frustrating, but it is only done rarely and only when it makes the story better. You could never get these sorts of amazing effects from reading a mere novel. I strongly recommend that everyone try Higurashi.The art is fine and does what it needs to do. It would be nice if there were more poses and more backgrounds to more closely follow the story, but that's a trivial issue. On the other hand, it would not have been a trivial issue if the art had not been upgraded from the original version of the game. During the game you have the option of flipping between the new art and the original art, and the original art is terribly goofy and unacceptable. If I need to play the next chapter using the original artwork, then it's not worth playing. Fortunately the new art is in a clean and conventional style without huge cartoonish exaggerations.The new art takes away Mion's gun. I never understood why Mion wore a gun; it's such a bizarre fashion choice and removing it can only improve the story.Overall, this is an amazing experience that fixes the serious flaws in the original version and turns it into a masterpiece."
,Recommended,310360,23858520,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tokainen,"At first it seems like you'll just hook up some chicks in a village, but it turns out to be a PTSD simulator."
,Recommended,310360,19435146,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,QuantizedAnson,"----- Tips -----If you heard that the steam version of this visual novel doesn't have charactor sounds , yea , but the steam community has already provided PS3 Sound files in the Community Hub. After installing , I finally get to listen to familiar charactor sounds from the anime.----- Warning ! Spoilers below -----Higurashi When They Cry - Ch.1 Onikakushi is a special kind of Horror Visual Novel. Finally got to play this game after watching the anime version which was released in 2003.Like what the anime version provides , at first you can only feel comfort , relaxed and giggling through the scenes of encounters. However, when you start to discover more strange things and went into the long-lasting deep dark secret which is still on Hinamizawa, you will face a totally different feeling. Fear. Feeling afarid from all other people, even the one who can understands you. You try your best to go through life-endangering events, but at last you will face yours or the other's final moment. As the one you beloved tries to kill you , you realized that your own destiny is set already when you moved into this town.In the anime version of this chapter, Keiichi killed Rena and Mion with a bat which was owned by Satoko's brother. Then , he got affected by the ""power"" ( later mentioned as ghost power , alien-power or alien virus ) and killed his own self when he tries to tell the old policeman ( which visited their school for multiple times ) about the secret of Hinamizawa through a public phone."
,Recommended,310360,35125919,Posted: 22 September,all,ジザ.glitchdoll 💾,DO YOU THINK THIS IS YOUR TYPICAL BORING SLICE OF LIFE VISUAL NOVEL ABOUT DAILY LIVES OF GRADE SCHOOLERS LIVING IN A COUNTRY SIDE?THINK AGAIN SON
,Recommended,310360,15849188,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mydlak,"If you have enjoyed the Higurashi anime series just grab it to remind yourself the expanded storyIf you are new in Higurashi, let me tell you something. You won't find the game with better story and characters than this. Buy it. NOW."
,Recommended,310360,26106316,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,SunDeYz,"Will you buy this Awesome Sound novel, i Wonder, I Wonder?"
,Recommended,310360,15910967,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,"Hadley, Ace Rauser","Now, let me begin with this. I am by no means a professional reviewer, nor am I particularly collected in my ideas. I'm not actually through the entire thing yet, either. But something just happened, and it was absolutely amazing.So, to put it simply, my entire review hinges on a single point:I haveneverin my entire life been chilled to the core by something as simple as a character's facial expression changing.Until this.This is a ♥♥♥♥ing masterwork."
,Recommended,310360,23327882,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Reimu☆rena~,"You’re in a small village, Hinamizawa where an event takes place every year during June; and each event will always have a mysterious death, with someone going missing along with it. No one knows why this is…but it only happens each year after the event. Will you be able to find out who or what lead these tragic events?Graphics: 7/10With its improved and updated graphics, it sure looks better than before and it stands up with today’s standard of anime drawings. They didn’t attempt anything new here and its nothing impressive. Also, most of the background art are just real life pictures with filters over them; this is fine but it looks kinda weird in some places especially when it’s used many times over and over again.Storyline: 9/10A very slow start, but it eventually gets to the point halfway through the novel. They’ll start telling you about ‘the curse’, past events that happened before you moved in and more about the characters themselves. This eventually leads you to start wondering if the mysterious deaths were done by humans…or by the curse, or maybe both…you wonder…Sound: 6/10It could’ve been better really, some of the music tracks are the same and are played repeatedly in many of the scenes which was kinda annoying to hear after a while. But that’s not to say the music is bad, they’re ‘okay’ for the most part; just not the best.Gameplay: 9/10It took me way longer to complete this 5-10 hour VN, took me 24 hours but it was totally worth all that hours. In terms of gameplay, you have the basic menu options and you also get to choose if you want to play with the old graphics or with the new and updated one. The game crashed a few times so make to save often, there are minor translation errors but nothing too big to affect your experience.Price: 10/10They are only asking for £4.79 here, go and pick it up now and read one of the most anticipated horror mystery VN there is. You can also pay £9.99 for both the first and second chapters. This is totally worth picking up if you’re a VN enthusiast or if you’re into horror mystery stories."
,Recommended,310360,15973726,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,ScaresP3ngi,I think I have PTSD
,Recommended,310360,16087110,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Crankcarr,This game is 10 times better then the anime. This game gave me goosebumps at every turn and gave me mental breakdowns forcing me to stop playing for a little while.
,Recommended,310360,15899623,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,unknown,Much better than anime adaptation. Original sprites > new sprites.
76561198087647750,Recommended,310360,23702567,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,lindbergkaige,"Don't be fooled by the exterior; this is without a doubt one of the best horror experiences around, more comparable to a work of literature than a game."
76561198218200755,Recommended,310360,22995337,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,priapus,"Welcome to Hinamizawa. Get comfortable. Grab some tea or coffee. You may enter but you may never leave.This is what started the series. Originally came out in Japan by an indie developer. Who knew his game would spawn a manga, anime, live action movie, drama cds, and countless video games.The plot is simple, you are Keiichi Maebara who moves in to a small village in the country side Hinamizawa from the city of Tokyo. He meets new friends around his age and starts to like his new home. However, after a festival he feels like his new friends are keeping sinister secrets from him. What will come of this?Your typical visual novel. You read and you're done. There aren't any voices but I guess you can come up with some in your mind as your imagination gets a feel for this series. The story may start slow for some people but it will start to pick up in no time soon.This is actually MangaGamer's second attempt to release this series. They have fully released this series complete in English but from what I heard their translation at the time wasn't good so they gave us a new better translation with new art. There is an option to switch between the new and old art in the options menu. There is also an option to play the game in English or japanese.You might be wondering how long is the game, it's really all up to you and how fast you can read. There aren't any voices or anything so it all depends on you. I'm a pretty fast reader myself and didn't take very long till the end but the story has very good horror elements and the atmosphere is very good.If you love horror, do yourself a favor and pick this up. You won't regret it. Enjoy!"
76561198074868338,Recommended,310360,15974832,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Shion,"+Amazing story+Adorable characters (<3 Rena)+Cheap+Great atmosphere+Amazing story+Plot takes relatively little time to begin developing+Soundtrack works perfectly with the situations+Amazing story-Not the greatest translation I've seen, but hardly even worth mentioning-some people might be turned off by the fact that it's not voicedIf you enjoyed the anime series, you'll definitely love this!  Even if you didn't watch the anime,  it's easily worth five or six bucks, so if you enjoy an amazing, atmospheric story, then I highly recommend this."
76561198105623476,Recommended,310360,23734399,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,rip-van-tinkle,"This game is a good example of why you should never judge a book by its cover. It may appear innocent on the outside, but it holds a deep and dark narrative that manages to be emotional in various ways. It also shows how well suspense and subtlety can be used in horror stories. Even though it's a visual novel, Higurashi is a linear story with no branching pathes. However, the story and characters alone make this worth the read."
,Recommended,310360,15845860,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,AnimeVsReligion,Just cute girls doing cute things
76561198086884314,Recommended,310360,15894043,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Justaway,"Just bought the game, but so far the plot follows the anime so my nipples quiver in fear for what lies ahead."
,Recommended,310360,26985748,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pixel,"One of the best examples of what a Japanese Visual Novel has to offer.Don't get mistaken by it's childish appearance,this game is a tragedy in it's purest form.You will hit mystery upon mystery,not knowing what is happening for a long while but remember that all stories are connected in the grand scheme of things.Everything has a meaning in this story,even the most anecdotal chapter,but you can only fully understand it once you start reading it again after finishing it.And remember...Everyone's days of happiness are limited.PS: I hope you can tell the difference between broccoli and cauliflower."
76561198143073232,Recommended,310360,33168352,Posted: 2 July,all,Cromanson50,"I have just completed this, and I feel compelled to review it. I originally bought it just to see what it was like. I had seen the show several times, I thought it would just be a lot of text to scroll through. It turned out, to be a bunch of text to scroll through. However, what I never thought would happen, did. I thought that having seen the show so many times, there would be no effect. I have never been so wrong.First of all, I have to credit the excellent sound design. The music is fantastic, there are energetic and lively tunes, and more sombre slower paced tracks. Not to mention compelling scenes aided by no music at all. The sound effects are crisp, and they all feel like they have actual impact. The cicada cries never become annoying, and they serve as insanely fitting background noise.This is a visual novel, and I'd be comitting a crime if I didn't applaud the fantastic writing. Not only is it superbly translated, (From what I can tell, my japanese is a little sketchy) The dialogue is witty, and snappy. You'd think I'd be frowning, sad, or scared the whole time. However, the slice of life sections made me smile and laugh more often than the actual show did. All of the characters speak so naturally, and abide by their characters well. The normal sections are hilarious, and the creepy sections have this undeniable weight to them, as if you are completely sucked into the world.The atmosphere is too good to describe. The game can set any scene and it becomes believeable and almost surrealy life like. The simple fact that there is a static image on screen, with words covering a good portion of it, and I am completely immersed is something to praise. The writing, the art, the sounds, they all come together to make the game really transcend its own medium, to become something far more.The art, first of all, the characters are absolutely beautifully drawn. From the screenshots, they are far improved from the original versions. They are all far more expressive than I'd think possible. How they can so easily shift from emotion to emotion is incredible. They do reuse the exact same faces and sprites often, however, they never become boring to look at. Also, new ones are occasionally added, the spice things up. Rena in particular has the greatest set of faces in the entire game. Now, the backgrounds are a little disappointing. They all look ok, as I cannot tell if they are photographs with a filter, or water color. Maybe if they were higher resolution, or fitted the characters better, they would be better. However, it is nothign but a minor flaw.As for content density, the game itself is about 4-5 hours long. If you read all the tips, and do the after party. Now, I did not use auto mode, nor did I skip all of the text. Also, I read at 606 words per minute, at an average of 250, it would probably be closer to 9-10 hours. Overall, I was surprised with the amount of content there was. The tips flesh out the world, the after party is fun, and the story itself is well written.In the end, I cannot reccomend this enough, even if you have not seen the show, this is absolutely fantastic. If you are ok reading it, then I whole heartedly reccomend purchasing this!"
,Recommended,310360,15937298,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Udonkaize07,Cute girls = HorrorSay no more just buy 10/10
76561198087446576,Recommended,310360,15910052,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Tomoya Approves,I simply loved the game. It put the psychological in psychological horror. It actually gave me chills.
,Recommended,310360,19676501,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Beethoven,Great times on the japanese countryside.Recommended to play isolated.
,Recommended,310360,15984863,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,cybur,"If you are a fat weeaboo loser like me, you will love this game"
,Recommended,310360,19867661,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,PEKING DUCK,No maids.
76561198137823388,Recommended,310360,18882812,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,RareTulip,"if you've watched the anime and enjoyed it,you will enjoy this all the same."
,Recommended,310360,15933281,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Yun,It's Higurashi...just buy it. H-hao~
,Recommended,310360,32600467,Posted: 20 June,all,WinterSachi,"The game is sooo good, my neck itches."
,Recommended,310360,25960115,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Miggles,Hao~ soooo kyute![10 hours later]♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,310360,15879323,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,GJB93,"Higurashi is a good example of ""Don't judge a book by its cover"". Great psychological horror story."
,Recommended,310360,15855765,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Silverwind,"A classic among visual novels, which let's the viewer experience the relatively isolated village Hinamizawa from the perspective of the MC Maebara Keiichi. I am not going to spoil anything, but this village isn't as peaceful as it may appear to be. This VA is definetly worth buying if you've enjoyed the anime, and if you're not familiar with it you should buy it anyway if you're into mystery/horror stories with some depth. As far as I know after each Question Arc the next chapter released will be an Answer Arc, and there will be 8 in total.+Good story+Good art and characters with depth+Intense mystery/horror athmosphere later on+Paranoia"
,Recommended,310360,15965913,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,10 ft of blue,"As someone whose teenage years were certainly spiced up by the first-time viewing of the anime adaptation of ""Higurashi When They Cry"", I really welcome the remake that's not only easily attainable for Western fans but also offers a brand new high quality translation and fresh art. It introduces an absolute horror classic to folks who think torrenting and hunting down worthwhile patches is a hassle, yet it also offers original Japanese text and Ryukishi's charming art to long-time fans.""Onikakushi"" forms the prologue chapter to an episodic horror plot with a basic gist comprised of eight arcs, with a few bonus chapters strewn about throughout various media adaptations. We are introduced to the core cast of the series, with transfer student Keiichi Maebara at the center, and watch his carefree first weeks in the small and isolated village of Hinamizawa take an abrupt sinister turn.The storytelling has the remarkable ability of building up the reader's feelings of affection torwards Keiichi's new friends, then holding one's heart in a steel grip that agonizingly, slowly tightens as strange, creepy, then outright horrifying events begin to pile up. I don't speak Japanese, so I can't judge if the translation is accurate, but it certainly does convey the tense atmosphere this VN is so famous for. On top of that, there's nothing to complain about regarding grammar and spelling, and it retains elements of Japanese culture (such as honorifics) while staying comprehensible for non-anime fans.The new art struck me as a tad bit too cutesy at first -  Rena looks very, very young - but is easy to get used to. For those who can't stand it, the original game art can be toggled in the options, but I'll say that it is more of an acquired taste than the remake art. The game's overall presentation is simplistic and focuses on the text, with atmospheric but non-obtrusive music and averagely expressive sprites supporting the mood.There's not really any gameplay to this game, not even in the form of choices or stats as typical for Visual Novels - think of it as more of a picture book.In a summary, you should give this game a shot if......you're into tense, atmospheric horror with a tasteable dash of violence....you like Japanese pop culture and have previously enjoyed other visual novels....plot and storyline are of high importance to you in a game....you enjoy reading....you're a fan of the franchise and want to support the creators.This game is likely not your thing if......you like to be active during gameplay or influence the story....you're sensitive to horror, squeamish about descriptions of violence or plain don't like the genre....you don't like reading long passages....you're very impatient, since you'll have to wait for the other arcs to be released to receive closure on the plot's questions."
,Recommended,310360,15899929,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Uncreative Name,"Never before had a story gave me the mixed feeling of being afraid, high tension and curiosity on what will happen next, especially after the conflict has been revealed.Andthatis a good thing!Also no jumpscares at all. Just very detailed deaths and situations."
,Recommended,310360,16224098,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,~Nobutada~,I can feel the atmosphereI kept looking behind to see if anyone is there..10/10 Would get spook again.
76561198288207614,Recommended,310360,24234967,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,xCharlyx,"This VN is really amazing. I wanted to read it earlier because I've seen the Anime, and was blown away by the story, but I didn't really like the old character sprites for this game, that's why I bought it just recently.I can say, it's really worth it. If you already watched the Anime, I think, you will not be disappointed.Even though it has no voice acting, the atmosphere is just great. I already watched the Anime, and I sometimes felt really uncomfortable, while I was reading this. I think, it's even more creepy when it has no voice, because your mind will give them their own voices if you have a sort of good imagination.The BGM was used very well. There is no annoying track and every track comes up in the right moment. (The chirping sound of the 'higurashi', too)And I love the new character sprites, they look even better than in the Anime. If you like it more old school though, you can switch anytime to the old ones by the way.The story is the best part about that game obviously. It's one of the best mystery stories that I've ever read/seen.For people who didn't watch the Anime yet, it will be probably more interesting but on the other site more confusing, too.  The first four chapters belong to the Question Arc-Part of this series. These will give you from time to time more information about the village, the characters and other stuff. There will be no solution in the next time about this puzzle.But I don't want to spoiler that much.Your money will not be wasted if you like mystery/psychological stuff (and/or Anime-related things)At least for me, it was totally a good investment.10/10"
,Recommended,310360,15970440,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Steph,Can't wait for Watanagashi!
,Recommended,310360,15913729,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Fear In Cube,Nipah~
,Recommended,310360,20949305,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Awoelkchen,"Onikakushi is a great first installment in the series and this remastering does a reasonably good job at tidying it up for potential new readers. Manga Gamer is clearly performing a balancing act: on the one hand trying to appeal to new people and release the best product possible, while on the other hand trying to keep the rather scary veteran players happy by being as faithful as possible. Personally, I wouldn’t mind a few more sacrifices; make scenes nicer by giving minor characters art and re-do the tacky, old background pictures. As it stands, however, this first chapter is a gripping entry into Hinamizawa’s mystery, best enjoyed by returning players and those who watched the anime. New players are definitely welcome, but will have to prepare for hours of clicking through happy conversations and games of tag before the scares come in."
76561198154724842,Recommended,310360,16058741,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Dithyramb8,"This is the first of 8 VNs which first pose than answer mysteries about a small Japanese town. This game combines a first part which is a funny and endearing school life with friendly characters and than tears it down with a tense thriller of a mystery plot. I haven't played the other games but it is said that the quality remains high. The game also gives ""Tips"" to go over after every chapter and which provide further interesting points about the story. Overall this is a very strong VN with a horror theme which comes recommended even if you do not care for the anime style specifically.It is a decent length for a VN. In one sitting, I completed it in five and a half hours; however if one read very carefully so as to consider the plot, and viewed all the tips, it could be rather longer. There are no choices in the game, so it is one story.The music was not composed for this game, and can be a little annoying and generic at times."
,Recommended,310360,16466736,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,KatnipAddiction,Pros:+ Visually appealing sprites+ The option to play both the updated visuals or the original sprites+ Great story depth that will keep you guessing till the endCons:- Realistic background visuals tend to clash with anime styled sprites- Script could of been implimented in more of a streamlined text box
,Recommended,310360,26089256,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,fham,"I really liked the anime so I decided to give the visual novels a try. It's even better, because things are much more detailed in a VN than in 22 minutes. It feels great to be able to read Keiichi's thought, instead of just watching characters like I would in the anime.What I don't really like is the lack of voice acting and of playstation sprites, but these issues are both patchable.Overall, I'm having a lot of fun, and I think the musics are very good for (what once was) a small indie VN! Buy it! ^_^"
,Recommended,310360,19121710,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"Like everyone else already said, Higurashi is a classic VN. Even so, I'll be honest and say that I haven't watched the anime or read the manga adaptions. I've only heard of Higurashi's reputation before, but I decided to give it a chance and I got the actual game.And. Wowzers.It's not just good, it's REALLY good. I'll be honest and say that the beginning is quite slow, but now I understand that it was necessary. Because of all the previous situations, the ending got a lot more scarier than I thought it would be.I just bought the second chapter and I can't wait to play more of this game series.10/10!"
,Recommended,310360,35070813,Posted: 19 September,all,Pinhead Nathan,"Let me start this off by saying I implore you to download the PS3 Graphics/Voices patch before you play this game. It adds a new sense of immersion which makes it the definitive way to experience these novels, in my opinionWhether you're already a fan of the anime/manga or you're dipping into the world of Higurashi for the first time, I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys visual novels. The characters are loveable, the mystery is very interesting and the psychological horror aspect is brilliant in my personal opinion. Even as someone who's watched the anime twice and knew what was going to happen, I still found myself quite spooked on multiple occasions. I was also surprised by how engaged I found myself in it, despite again, having already watched the anime twice. The VN definitely has enough to keep those who enjoyed the adaptions interested, while giving those who jump in for the first time an absolutely captivating experience.I really only have two complaints. The first is that the pacing can be quite slow at points. Though that's more of a nitpick that applies to the genre as a whole for me and it never drags for very long, so don't even worry about that one. More of a personal peeve than anything else and it never truly affected my enjoyment.The second complaint is not even about the game itself, but rather the marketing. Despite MangaGamer insisting otherwise, this is a novel through and through. No gameplay is present. I could go on about how this is essentially lying to the consumer but I'll hold my tongue. Personally, I don't mind the lack of gameplay as the story itself was more than enough to keep me invested during all of my playtime. But understandably, the lack of any sort of gameplay or choice will turn off some players. Which is part of why the misleading marketing really annoys me, but I digressAll in all though, if you enjoy visual novels I implore you to at least check this one out. It's not exactly expensive either, so do yourself a favor and pick it up if you haven't already.  You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,310360,16829024,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,stereoparade,"This was my first visual novel. About an hour in, I thought about abandoning it.I am so glad I didn't.Great horror story, one that makes you keep guessing!  I hope the next chapter releases soon.If you're not interested by the time they play Clue, this isn't for you."
,Recommended,310360,15897819,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,wikihow,"This is a great amount of content considering the price. It takes a while to ramp up, but if you want something spooky, look no further. I'm kind of shocked that there are 8 chapters, this whole thing will take a while to finish when they are all out.No voice acting, but it's to be expected when there is so much dialogue."
,Recommended,310360,18390135,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,『メイソン』 【Mason】,"Honestly, the first VN for Higurashi, aka this, raised my expectations greatly for the actual VN series. I didn't think it would be as good as what I thought, but I surely was wrong. It really is worth taking the few hours and reading it, and it's a nice touch to have the trading cards/backgrounds/etc.Much worth the 6 bucks."
,Recommended,310360,28791184,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,< blank >,it's a good read
,Recommended,310360,15863480,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,大将*,"It's always great to see more visual novels on Steam, especially such a classic. I'll just say straight up that it is totally worth the asking price for visual/kinetic novel fans, or anyone who enjoys a good mystery book. It's not flawless by any means, but it is a great introduction to such a well-loved series.+ New character sprites are a great improvement+ Great atmosphere and mystery+ Lots of suspense to keep you on your toes+ Reasonably priced+ Good length+ A great start to the series+ Very easy to read+ Clean and intuitive UI (a must in a VN)+ Much better than the anime and manga adaptations- The music is the original from 2002 and it has aged poorly (there is no option for the updated music)- Same with the backgrounds- Characters' personalities can be grating- Story is slow to get on its feet- Several spelling errors- Can be difficult to tell exactly who is speaking at times (text is all the same colors, no indication of who is and isn't speaking)"
,Recommended,310360,26400779,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Spotlight,"Reviews for anime-related games tend to be favored to positivity because the people who buy the games are already a fan of it.I love this series myself but I would not recommend to anyone who has not experienced all 8 chapters of the story - playing one game of the series is ABSOLUTELY INCOMPLETE and will only leave bad impressions. The first 4 chapters are ""question arks"" where a mystery is presented. The last 4 chapters are ""answer ark"" with conclusions to the stories. The final 4 chapters aren't even out yet.It is this ""question-answer"" structure that makes this game awesome. Do not buy unless you're willing to be on cliffhanger for few years until the rest of the game gets translated. OR, you could watch the anime version (which is subjectively, an inferior experience)."
76561198085744382,Recommended,310360,30189985,Posted: 26 February,all,SNValadez,"First off, you will definitely get your money's worth from this game.It actually did take me about ten hours to beat and that was with me clicking fast (although, granted, you can completely fast-forward the whole story to get the achievements but that is very unsportsman-like and I don't condone it).Secondly, the beginning is very cute but then it starts getting annoying because you just want to see the cool stuff but you're stuck playing games with your friends or whatever and I do reccomend fast-forwarding that because your relationship with these people has already been established and you don't need to be slogging through more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You need to get to the meat because the story is just so damn good.Thirdly, it's heart-breaking. The beginning is so light-hearted and then it really takes a dark turn. I was legitimately scared at moments and it felt like I was playing a horror game because I was breathing heavy. You and the main character are always questioning and wondering and the ending leaves you hungry for more.So please remember, this is the first part of a four(?)-part story. There is more to come in the mysterious town of Hinamizawa and I recommend playing another chapter if you truly wish to see the end."
76561198079299749,Recommended,310360,24245643,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,demitrayami,"Higurashi is an absolutely phenomenal series, and it's at its best here."
76561198013546020,Recommended,310360,30646731,Posted: 20 March,all,DarkInfest,"If you have watched the first two seasons of Higurashi (implying you probably enjoyed them to watch all of it) then you should get the visual novels. It's cool seeing a different way for everything to play out, and you can just feel more like a weeb in general."
,Recommended,310360,17590126,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,EzequielV,"I definitely recommend it if you like visual novels, cute girls and psychological horror. It starts out slow but it's totally worth it.You can choose to play with the original sprites, the new ones the Steam version includes (which are pretty cool) or you can even mod the game so you can play with the PS3 graphics (and even make it feature voices from that version)"
,Recommended,310360,18567748,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,pita,Never scratch your neck!
,Recommended,310360,16478715,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sprink,"An amazing story that will leave you with many questions, Higurashi's Steam release is something that can please all types of people. From fans of the Anime who want to get into the VN, to those who want stay true to the original VNs, to people who are completely new to Higurashi. I honestly have no complaints with MG on this one bit.If you want to get started on a good story for a few bucks, then please..Read Higurashi"
,Recommended,310360,33591923,Posted: 16 July,all,Soundprank,"Pros:-Fantastic and complex story-Great pacing-Nice music-Real horror, no jumpscares-Amazing and memorable characters-Writing is just too goodCons:-No gameplay: this game can hardly be called a game, since there is no interaction whatsoever. No choices or anything like that. This is basically just a novel.-No voice acting-4:3Last two cons can be fixed via few patches, which you can find in community guides. But bear in mind that there is slight differences in writing. As far as I learned, voiced version is a little lighter in some sentances. 16:9 patch also changes backgrounds. I feel like original backgrounds is darker and more apropriate for this VN, but you can choose for yourself.Conclusion:One of the best VN's I ever read. If you are a fan of horror and mystery genge, this game is the business. Haven't once got scared from reading anything, but this VN gives me chills. Don't read this on weed in a dark room, trust me.And if you are wondering value-wise, this VN took me about 15-16 hours to read from cover to cover(my reading speed is about average, as far as I can tell). Very well worth full price in my opinion."
,Recommended,310360,22992086,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,cfalcon,Lessons from Higurashi:-Stop asking questions about a terrible incident from the past that no one wants to talk about.-Don't tell LIES.-There is nothing this old man doesn't know.-She's always watching you.
,Recommended,310360,15871162,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,[X5RP] The Devil's Lawyer,Give me the next one.Pls.10/10 would eat mochi again.
76561198042116719,Recommended,310360,15860272,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Clownbaby,▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▄▐░░░░▒░░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░░░░░░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░░░░░▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀░░░░░░▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░░░░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░░░░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░ 2spooky4me
,Recommended,310360,20408022,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,AnActualBastard,"I have yet to watch the anime for this series. In fact, this is my first time experiencing the Higurashi series, except for a few short clips that I've seen from the anime. I recently got into reading visual novels (even though this one refers to itself as a ""sound novel"". Even so, I'm pretty sure it counts as a visual novel), and I can say, they won't appeal to everyone, since many just want to play a game that's a game, and a book that's a book. However, I never took that much enjoyment in reading actual novels (I find it hard to pay attention while reading, usually), so a visual novel appeals more to me, since I'm required to click, which helps keep my attention.The first 3-5 hours or so features little story, and mainly focuses on anime tropes. I personally didn't mind this section too much, since it got me to know the characters better. However, I can see how someone would take little enjoyment in this section of the ""game"".The second half of the visual novel is where the story really gets started. I thought that this section was done very well.  I found myself surprised at how uncomfortable I could feel from mostly words, sounds, and also a few pictures. The atmosphere in this visual novel is done quite well in my opinion. I felt immersed in the village of Hinamizawa, even though all I had to do was click and read.As soon as I was reaching near the end of this chapter, I knew that I wanted to read the next. Originally, I thought I would just go on to watch the anime, but now, I'm very curious to read more of the visual novel.Overall, I highly recommend buying this ""game"" if you are alright with just clicking and reading. If you are ok with that, get ready to be spooked m8."
,Recommended,310360,21123489,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,クセニヤ,"Before I played I have already watched anime a few times. Anime impressed me, the story of Hinamizawa is really deep and ambiguous, cute and cruel, funny and frightening. It was something new and breathtaking.Graphic novel give you much more. To know (to feel) the whole story and true nature of characters it's have to be experienced. After watching the anime it's not hard to ideate occurring, but perception of the plot is diverse.This ol' man recommend you to play whether you familiar with anime/manga or not.About minuses:- Only two languages;- Used English words are unusual;- No voice accompaniment (which you can download and it's not a big deal, but when you spend money, you know...);Pros of Cons:- Learned more English words;"
,Recommended,310360,20241211,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Hata no Myon,"Worth its full price. Better than its anime adaptation, even though unvoiced.Higurashi will never disappoint  if you're looking for horror and thriller."
,Recommended,310360,28892230,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Blue Ϟ Lightning,I really liked the anime series but...I almost wish I had read this instead or at least beforehand.This VN relies more on the atmosphere and situations to creep you out then intense gore (and shock).Honestly my favoite Horror series by far.
,Recommended,310360,20638379,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Whopping,"Pretty good read. The music can get a little grating, but I'd still reccomend leaving it on, as it really adds to the spooky parts. If you've already seen the anime, I'd really only reccomend getting this if you're a big fan of the series. If you haven't, well then I think this goes a little more in depth, but the anime would probably take less time to complete if you marathoned it, so it's really up to you."
76561198098995087,Recommended,310360,23839371,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SuperZeldaGirl,I have been a fan of the Higurashi series for so long and to be honest i didnt know if i would find the viual noval creepy but boy was i wrong. I already know what happens in the story as i have watched the anime and read the manga so many times but still i got creeped out with this. The music and sudden changed in character sprites can catch you off gard even if you know what is going to happen like myself.
76561198044523347,Recommended,310360,21351925,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Lightsaak,"This VN had a nice story, not nice as in happy cause it is a very dark one(wich i like).However if you want to see a less detailed version of this you can just watch the first 4 episodes of the anime.I would still recommend this game because you can get a lot more information in it and actually get sucked into the story."
,Recommended,310360,15984338,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,TomatoImouto,"Hmm... why is my neck itching.. I wonder, I wonder?.."
,Recommended,310360,19681253,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Alonime,"Played the game a wee bit , its ok still gotta get throuh the story fer the first time but it is a nice plot and it is well layed out .ZE: Eh vichiwa eh nichi vie yoi foin.Game Higurashi When They cry . ( ひぐらしのなく頃に )"
76561198042815033,Recommended,310360,24507318,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,LunaVOXX,"If you weren't an anxiety-ridden paranoiac before, you most likelywillbe by the end of this series."
,Recommended,310360,21001614,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Foxysen,"Higurashi When They Cry - Onikakushi is the first chapter of the famous Higurashi visual novel that came out between 2002 to 2006 in 8 chapters in Japan, which was made by 07th Extension. More exactly, what we have here is updated translated version, this one released by MangaGamer in 2015. I will talk about versions a bit later, scroll down if you want to read on them. Original visual novel was also called sound novel for some reason, I didn't find any good reason for that. At least no good reason to keep calling it that.Higurashi is divided into 8 chapters: 4 for ""questions"" arc and 4 for ""answers"" arc. And epilogue. And bonuses. Yea, you get only the first chapter of the question mark here. Don't worry, it itself has 12 in-game chapters and is overall a good read. And I heard that all of those chapters basicly restart the main story and do ""what if main hero did something else"". They still recommend to read it in chronological order.It also was released for PS2, PS3, Vita, NDS. Oh, and there was anime. And manga.The story follows a Keiichi, a normal guy who transferred into the village Hinamizawa along with his family. There he is going to make new friends four girls and have everyday fun, getting from one anime trope to another, with mixture of silly fun and challenges. Life will be good. Enjoy it while you can.Because it's not going to last for long and some crazy dark stuff will start happening halfway through. The first half of it is pretty much a build-up, so don't expect much of interesting going on. Not to say that there are no sinister things rearing it's ugly head in the first half, but you will have to endure through a whole bunch of usual anime harem tropes which go on for a while. Hopefully you enjoy such things. Like I do. Then it will work out even better. More effective.Because after the halfpoint, you will get wrapped into things that fall into tags ""mystery"" and ""horror"" and the storyline of the Higurashi novels will want you to keep guessing what is 'actually' happening. Especially since this one can be called as prologue. Don't worry, no big jumpscares. Just maybe music stingers. Or shockers. Whatever you call those.Oooookay, there are also graphic descriptions of deaths/wounds. Geezes.Now that I told you that it's awesome, let's see what I found about various versions. Original version was Japanese-only, so somebody had to translate it. Most notably, it had silly minigames in extra. It also has really silly looking character drawing, looking a bit like kids drawings compared to everything else.And so MangaGamers licensed and translated it around 2009-2010. However, aside from removal mini-games and such, they also had to replace some of the tracks with their own made. Something with licensing issues.And now they are redoing the translation for Steam releases. This time they managed to retain the soundtrack as is. Not only that, but they also drew new character sprites, the ones that can be serious. I mean, when you put male character and female girl together, you can actually see huge difference in their body build and height. Though I noticed how green-haired girl, Mion, has a handbag with what looks like a pistol in one of her outfits in original sprites, while updated don't show it. But this handbag is never mentioned in text, so I don't know what to think. Otherwise, go for updated. Oh, you can switch to original if you want.Translation also seems to be funky. They say that it's improved however, over previous MangaGamer release. Like, for some reason they keep saying things like ""-sana"" after name which has no place in proper English translations. One of the sentences even had ""(lol)"" written after it. I also sometimes was confused at what line belongs to what character on screen. There are no voiceover in PC releases, you know. Also, protip: if you see line starting with ""this old geezer"" then it's green-hairer girl, Mion, refering to herself.Otherwise, it does the job fairly well.Though, also should mention that Japanese world of gaming in meanwhile were doing their own things, porting this VN to consoles. Starting with PS2, then Nintendo DS and then over to PS3 and Vita, they brought voiceovers, their own updated art and some neat stuff, like special drawn scenes. Even adding new additional chapters. I even heard that some incorporated all the chapters together to act as interactive novel. Depending on choice, you will go either through one or another chapter. They also had backgrounds changed and updated for widescreen.Sadly, it all remains untraslated and unpublished in the west.Anime is also the way that people in the west found out about Higurashi. Though from what I heard it cuts up some parts from VN and instead of suspension and atmospheric build-up focuses on shock and gore. Not to say that novel wasn't descriptive about wound, but gee. No care, sounds a bit like teenager bait if you ask me. Or at least VNs sound preferably.Overall, this visual novel is hot and cool and Steam version is cool and hot. At least when viewed as far as translated or PC releases go."
76561198259075823,Recommended,310360,33187631,Posted: 3 July,all,Viktor Petrovič,Really suspenseful and creepy horror visual novel.Really loved it.Want more of it.GG
76561198036215556,Recommended,310360,24787124,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Coyote-chan,"I watched the Animu back in the day. This is that x100. I would recommend watching that first, getting a little taste of Higurashi. This chapter, sub-divided into 12 chapters, is at least 8 hours long. Just a warning, as the show is condensed, this VN can seem to drag on a bit. The horror, if you are good at visualizing, is so much better in the VN, but it takes longer to happen. Don't give up on this half way through, you will reget it, because the last few chapters are fantastic. A slow burn."
76561198063813776,Recommended,310360,24302438,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Jedo94,LIES!!!
76561198133321101,Recommended,310360,23793626,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,N.A.Bowrock,Excellent mystery that starts slow but turns into horrifying experience.
,Recommended,310360,29564178,Posted: 29 January,all,Tsey'Akan,"This games starts about your daily life and you having fun, making you care about the characters, but what happens next still sends chills down my spine. A story which makes you think, who are the villains...? What is the truth...?"
76561198007783201,Recommended,310360,16838316,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Tulangel,"Holy crap, that was a ride. The story has a slow start up, with about 2 hours of build up before things go really insane. The about of focus on the more humourous parts was interesting(especially since I've seen the anime and a lot of scenes didn't make it into said anime), but during certain parts I got a bit frustrated that I couldn't easily skim over a scene and get to the  main part of the story, instead of making my way through the padding.Apart from that, the story was good, gripping, and although I know for the most part how this ends, I'm very eager to see any future parts. However, I hope that future translations aren't censored as badly. Considering what the When They Cry series is about, I was a little confused why ""killed"" and ""die""(as well as one other word I wasn't able to figure out based on the context) were replaced with astericks."
,Recommended,310360,16785671,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Grayther Crake,"The term ""Masterpiece"" is overused these days, but this is the type of stuff it was originally meant for.So, to make it short: If you watched the anime...why are you not playing this game, like, right now?If you don't know the anime, I do recommend you to play this anyway. Don't be decieved by the slow start, this is a horror visual novel that will send actual chills down your spine. Read it with headphones, in the dark, in a comfy chair... it will be an evening not easily forgotten ;)"
,Recommended,310360,16538696,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SHIZZ-LORD,Always fell asleep when reading visual novel.But the story of this game bring me back! to sleep again lolGreat story. Feeling creepy even there's no picture but only from reading.Looking forward to next chapter.8/10. -2 for always make me sleepy(by reading not for story).
76561197993507844,Recommended,310360,15914485,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,invalid index,"(I apologize beforehand for spelling errors and such, I'll fix it if I see it. Thanks. (There is a TL;DR down below.))It's Higurashi yo. It should need no introduction. Originally created by 07th Expansion in 2002, and later went on to get its own anime adaption. The anime especially is pretty well known even in the West, and probably even more so than the original doujin. But I'm not here to talk about that, I'm here to tell you why you should read this.99% of the people getting this game on steam has probably already at least heard of it before, and many probably just decided to buy it just to support it. As such the plot devices at work are probably know to a majority of the readers. But I won't spoil it for those who don't know, and this is only the first episode, so I'll just give you a very brief introduction.The story takes place during June 1983 in a (fictional) rural village named Hinamizawa. It all begins with our protagonist, Maebara Keiichi, having moved to said village. Starting out fairly slow, we get to follow Keiichi as he spends time with his friends as we get to know the characters, their background and some more about the village.♥♥♥♥♥♥starts to go down after the annual Watanagashi Festival, when we learn about the series of murder that have been happening since a few years back. It is said to be the work of the village's god, Oyashiro. But is it really though?And that's more or less the basis for the story. Just know that there is more than at first meets the eye going on. And while I at the time of this writing haven't fully read through this version, the writing of the original doujin was pretty good. (Not perfect by any means, but still good. It is one of Ryukishi07's first big stories. It got better in Umineko.) And I can strongly vouch for the quality of the story. Personally I am not a big fan of MangaGamer, but they seem to have done a good enough job here. Also, you can choose between the original sprites, Japanese/English, different resolutions and so on and so forth. So as far as that goes, it looks promising as hell. I mean, I personally find the original sprites kinda charming, and it is nice to be able to read it in Japanese. So once again, kudos MangaGamer.So, in the end. If you are up for a suspenseful mystery story with a big emphasis on horror and tension. I'd say it's worth a shot. It isn't really that expensive, and the first episode should give you a good enough idea about whether this is for you or not. The story plays around with the narrative quite a bit (but not to the extent that Umineko did) and constantly throws curve balls at the reader.TL;DR Good value for your money, it is (relatively) short but cheap. Suspenseful mystery with good story that keeps you guessing. It focuses on horror, but there is enough there for those who want a good mystery story. If you're interested in a story dealing with the concept of paranoia, this is definitely the story for you. If you're still unsure, I'd say go for it anyways, at least the first episode. Oh, and the music is also great.I won't give it a score, because scores are♥♥♥♥♥♥ but needless to say I like it. Many people do. For a good reason. And yes, I would recommend it."
,Recommended,310360,16954622,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,gette,20/10
,Recommended,310360,16234171,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,2000 IQ Killjoy Gamer link6616,"Short answerIt's great. Starts of very slow though. But don't think of this as padding. This is laying the very important ground work for the mystery, and also establshing character, let it take it's time and you'll be fine. Some of the new art is questionable, but, it's better than the original for sure. A joy to read, and a wonderful tale of horror. If you can stomach a kinetic novel, you owe it you yourself to play this."
,Recommended,310360,21824241,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ScalesPerSecond,Good fun for the whole family
,Recommended,310360,15846160,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,^6Oyashiro-sama,"Owning the complete series of the manga, the iPod version of this game and having already watched all of the episodes of the anime, I always love to come back to this touching story.The story plays with you, manipulates you into thinking things that are not really how they seem, and not in a cheap way.It is very well thought-through, and the characters are pretty unique and just lovable.It is incredible how many twists it has. Every time I started the series anew, I caught some new details that explained a little more about the mystery in this world.If you like reading mystery/thrillers/dramas and can slip your mind into that world, this is for you."
,Recommended,310360,15870513,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Marbass,"Shut up and take my money!!! This is sooo kyute, I`m takin it home!!!!!"
76561198133276095,Recommended,310360,30190285,Posted: 26 February,all,bisneskissa,"if you're looking for a normal visual novel game where you can make some choices, this is not the one. you just have to click forward and follow the story.well, personally i enjoyed the anime better. maybe i should have played these games first and then watch the anime. after watching the anime this game feels very slow, but the story is still great. don't play just one chapter, play them all! the ending won't be something you would've expected.i would recommend this game. the characters are great and the story is unique."
,Recommended,310360,15878181,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,yrutalkin2me27,"If you're a fan of the Higurashi anime, this game follows the first 4 episodes.  Just know it's more of a story than a game."
,Recommended,310360,16012051,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Dr. Sykkelstativ,"Higurashi uses sounds to make a perfect atmosphere. Prepare to go from a cute, funny high school story, to a creepy story of paranoia. Higurashi gives you a great mystery and loveable characters.I'm glad to see this with new sprites, as the original ones weren't that great (in my opinion).If you're a fan of the anime or manga, you should definitely check this out. You'll get loads of extra details and you'll experience more situations in Hinamizawa.Can't wait 'til Chapter 2."
,Recommended,310360,15864447,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,bkb,NIPA~
76561198121528858,Recommended,310360,24512838,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mogami Chan,"This was a really fun read. It was a very well told story, with a nice blend of horrer, slice of life, and the Rena aproved CUTNESS! This is a Game/Novel That will stay with you forever."
76561198137868439,Recommended,310360,27721046,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Anextra,"The author, Ryukishi07, is often praised for his ability to construct mysteries that draw in first time readers and capivate them for years. Umineko being the most obvious example of that, but this is true of Higurashi as well. However, the real talent which he expresses though his scenero construction is, in my opinion, the balance he strikes between evoking feelings of comradery, and setting darker tones of isolation and terror, all while using the exact same characters to manipulate the audence to both ends. Higurashi is exactly that, and it is masterful done so.His blending of lengthly and endearing social interactions between charcters with intermittent pinpricks of disquietude avoids making the main members of the cast seem flat, which is an all too common problem in any horror oriented piece of prose. The transition that occrus from calmly days to dysfunctional paranoia as the instances of disquietude accelerate is flawlessly done, not only in this episode but in all of them.To those wondering if the series is for you; I would recommend merely observing the first five minutes of the first episode and seeing if your intrest is piqued. If so, then you may as well purchase the whole bundle. If not, then perhaps Higurashi isn't for you."
76561198048268849,Recommended,310360,20973715,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,makersley,"With a lot of visual novels, there's a real hump to get over as they take absolutely forever and a day for the plot to actually start.  This is no exception; the setup goes on for an age and *seems* like it isn't going anywhere.  It certainly doesn't appear to have any relevance to the blurb.And then the plot starts.  And what happens as the plot starts rolling downhill is made so much more powerful by the aeons and aeons of setup that precedes it.  It wouldn't be nearly as good without the amount of time put into establishing the characters, and their odd little world, and the initial mood of the thing.Stick with it and it will reward you.(note: if you like your visual novels with choices in, steer well clear)"
76561198061619085,Recommended,310360,20528129,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Sometimes791,"Horror is usually connected with murder. Higurashi takes another path: psychological horror. And that was a wise choice because Ryukishi07 (the original author) knows, what he does.First off the story and characters. They're both great. While this is just the prologue for the series, it introduces the main characters, characterizes them more or less (each chapter is dedicated to one/two) and builds up an incredible atmosphere. The story is set in Hinamizawa, where around 1000 people live, and is a rural area. Not crowded places, but barely crossed streets are  a common thing. The protagonist, Keiichi Maebara, moves into this town. He goes to a school, that has about 20 students, and befriends some of them. Seems like a light atmosphere. But it isn't. An incredible aspect of Higurashi is the sudden turn of mood, that surprises and overwhelms you. You think, you can relax and nothing happens, but in the next moment, you're scared to death. While this may sound exaggerating, if you're focused on the story, you will experience these moments. And this level of writing is on another level. You will experience even more overwhelming developments during the next chapters, but that is another story.The mood is supported by the music. While it's not that great, it expresses the mood in a way, that the reader feels like that too. Unfortunately, there is no voice acting even though this is a reworked chapter. That's really disappointing.The sprites are another noticeable aspect. In my opinion, they fit the story, aren't too crazy, but aren't too normal as well. Some sprites will even send a chill down your spine (yes, I'm looking at you, Rena).While the chapter will leave you with nothing but questions, the chapter itself is well executed. I can recommend it to every fan of the Higurashi anime series as well as thriller fans. See it for yourself. It's worth its money."
76561198012023582,Recommended,310360,20364052,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,lewrker,"Not really a traditional 'game' - more of a mystery you are supposed to solve after you finish the episode(s). It's _definitely_ not a dating sim. One of few VNs I've followed long before they've been released oficially in English, worth it for the character development, the mystery, the story in general."
76561198102894385,Recommended,310360,20831696,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TwoTailedCaperer,"Excellent story, excellent new character art. I'm very happy with this release the way it is. The only thing I wish was included would be an option to either play with the original soundtrack (the one that's included in the game), or the MangaGamer soundtrack from Higurashi's first release stateside. Some of those tracks (Track 4 in particular) are absolutely mindbowing, and I'm sad to see them go."
,Recommended,310360,15859725,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,mudjoe2,"basically one of the best visual novels of all time, buy it"
,Recommended,310360,16511008,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,aitch,HAS SEASON 2 EPISODE IN SEASON 1 WITHOUT SHION 0/10 DDOS THE WEBSITE( but seriously I love this game XD)
,Recommended,310360,15930539,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Kanako Mimura,"""HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAAHALIES !!!""-one of character qoute"
,Recommended,310360,19278182,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,m a r i.,never die higurashi
,Recommended,310360,19719252,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Offline,"A masterpiece amongst visual novels.I've never been a fan of the horror genre, but Higurashi is an exception. Higurashi is different because it doesn't take ""generic"" horror cliches such as extreme amounts of gore or jump scares. If you've watched the anime or played the VN already, yes, I agree, it does take a while to get to the scary parts. But the build-up and the contrast makes it worth it. If you went into this game blind without even reading the description, you might even start to think it's just another romance visual novel. The lightheartedness of the beginning contrasting with the slowly ascending terror makes reading and continuing addicting.I played the game with the voice patch installed. However, Higurashi is by origin a sound novel, where just the sounds alone are capable of giving you a great experience. But do yourself a favor and install that voice patch anyway. The voices help bring the characters to life, and it helps set the mood with the cute to evil switches.If you've never experienced Higurashi When They Cry before, you're in for a ride. One playthrough won't be able to satisfy all the countless questions going through your head after the ending. Read it again and live in the world of Hinamizawa again, and try to figure out the mystery yourself and where things went wrong. Before you know it, you'll finish the game at 3 am, and not sleep until 11 am in fear of Rena waiting at your door."
76561198097723966,Recommended,310360,25389056,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Daddy,"The first chapter of a virtual book based on a manga. Higurashi When They Cry is a murder mystery, Junji Ito esq horror story that leaves you confused and terrified throughout. The game tells the story of a young boy who moves to a new town and makes friends with a unique and quirky group of girls in their small school. However, after a community celebration a body is found in a horrifing state and suddenly things aren't as simple in this small community as you thought. Demon's, deaths, curses, and baseball bats are all in store as Higurashi's first chapter unfolds in a story which will take up to ten hours to complete. A story ideal for horror and mystery fans, as well as any player who is open to virtual books and wants a good bloody read.Pros: Higurashi comes with brand new beautiful graphics which make the characters more vibrant and unique. The music and sound effects are both chilling when they need to be, and catchy and lighthearted when they want to. However, the story is where this game really shines. The story takes its sweet time building and building, almost a little too long. But the building of the story adds to the stress and confusion of the player. The descriptions are vast, disgusting, and beautiful in places. The story is touching, tear inducing, and terrifying. This game is a must play at night in the dark to get the full effect. The longer you play, the darker the tale becomes and the more questions you are given. There are also bonus notes at the end of each chapter, which you should read as well to truely enjoy the game fully. There are funny moments, touching moments, scary moments, and downright disturbing moments throughout. It takes a great amount of thought to know what comes next in this first chapter of Higurashi, and even then the curve balls this tale throws are nearly uncatchable.Cons: As stated before, the start can be a little too long. There are a great many early game parts which drag on and seem to have no purpose to the reader. You must have patience to wait for the story to unfold, and it takes its time doing so. Secondly, this game is, obviously, less of a game and more of a reading experience. All the player does is click next to extend the text. There are no games, no controls, and no agency. For someone looking for a game to play, you will not find it here. If you are not a reader you will not enjoy this experience. If story is not your thing in games, this is not the game for you. Also, reading a computer screen may hurt some peoples eyes, if this is your case you may have a hard time playing Higurashi for too long.Overall: There is very little to critique gameplay wise, because there is no gameplay here. The visuals are solid, the sound is catchy and creepy, and the story is stunning. For fans of visual novels and horror themes you can do no better than Higurashi When They Cry Ch.1. This is a solid opening to a hopefully wonderful series. For the non readers out there, perhaps the anime is more your style. But for those players who can stand to read a game rather than play it, this is one of the best on the market, and is a solid classic."
76561198116514055,Recommended,310360,18463280,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,FtheRadscorpions,"The legend of the Visual Novel genre finally hits Steam in a truly glorious fashion, with excellently redone character sprites and backgrounds, while keeping the original writing intact. Just remember, there are fifteen more to read. And you can be sure that I will buy them all. This is my favorite novel series for a reason. The writing, atmosphere, characterization, and pacing are absolute gold. As far as I'm concerned, this is an excellent beginning to one of the greatest stories ever written, and anyone even slightly intrigued by the narrative should go out of their way to read this. Keep an eye out for the sequels, as there'll eventually be chapters even better thn this one."
,Recommended,310360,26074419,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Sloom,"TLDR: If you already know and love the series, buy this, you'll like it. If you are interested in the series, VNs, or have heard good things, but aren't already a fan of the series, spend your money elsewhere.My recommendations for this game comes very tentatively. I love the story and the series, but this translations often feels very cumbersome and unnatural as if they had translated the story line by line, never taking time to go back and make sure the pieces fit together, made sense in the context, were of appropriate register, etc. I would recommend this to people who are already in love with the series via the anime/manga/etc and already have an appreciation for the story, but for your first foray into the world of Hinamizawa... you'll probably be surprised that anyone could enjoy such terrible writing. 95% of it is fine, but every 20 minutes or so when you run into that train wreck of a 5%, it's extremely jarring, takes you out of the story, and just makes you want to stop reading.The fact that it comes with the original Japanese text too is AMAZING, but for the average person probably isn't that useful. It really feels like a release that is targeted at hardcore fans of the series, rather than people looking to pick it up for the first time and that is really a shame."
,Recommended,310360,25736423,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Enter_77,"This review: contains no spoilersProsStory & atmosphere--- This chapter's story does an excellent job at familiarizing the reader with the characters while still retaining a subtle atmosphere of unease as more of the village's mysterious past is uncovered. How it all culminates in the second half is so alarming, that the sudden tone shift to one of despair and paranoia is sensed by both the main character and the reader.Soundtrack--- Does a great job in highlighting the atmosphere for scenes. Ambient sound is also excellent at creating tension.NeutralPacing--- It's a very slow first half for someone who wants to be sold on the series. The exposition and character establishment may all seem directionless, but the payoff is worth the wait. There is also some foreshadowing that only becomes obvious in retrospect. The second half, in contrast, is perfectly paced and matches the feeling of desperation.ConclusionIt has its pacing issues in the first half, but it's all worth it in the end. To say anymore would spoil the story.Novel length is roughly9 hoursdepending on reading speed. It's recommended tobuy Higurashi Ch. 1."
,Recommended,310360,18619386,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Law Abiding Engineer,"Higurashi Ch1, covers the first chapter of the Higurashi series  (which for anime-only fans, would be I think episode 1 to episode 5 or 6).    The story starts off odd, but then has a ncie 'slice of school life' feel to it.   Well,  thats where it sets you up for thinking that this will be a nice, happy story with no horror at all.  But thats where it starts because about half way through, you learn of a few, mysterious events and eventually, certain people die and well, I can't say too much more since it would spoil things and even the ending of Ch 1 leading to Ch2 is a spoiler in itself.What Higurashi does best at, is telling a story that sets things up for future reference and by that, I mean that there are things that are said that might not seem like much, but will later get revealed as having a deeper or darker meaning to it.  I'm struggling to write a good review since I'm very very much a Higurashi fan since I've read all the VN for the main series, watched al the animes, and well yeah.Anyway, to put it short, Hgiurashi, is an amazing horror and psychological visual novel that is perfect for those who enjoy a good, kind of slow paced story.  The visuals of the characters are new and pretty, the sounds and music are kept from the original version, and thebackgrounds have been enhanced.   Its an amazing VN and anime that I highly HIGLY recomend watching it.  And if that doesn't get you hyped to read it, then watch this OP for the anime"
76561198013359889,Recommended,310360,16540556,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Laraso,"This is literally the best thing ever. But you've been warned; if you read this first, you'll never be able to watch the anime, because this is just so much better."
76561198164502875,Recommended,310360,30235667,Posted: 27 February,all,brownynb5,Amazing story. Great horror thriller!
,Recommended,310360,17008587,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Dangernoodle,SOOO KYUTE!!!
,Recommended,310360,33990215,Posted: 3 August,all,Sakagami,Ambient.P.S. To be played with PS patch.
,Recommended,310360,31600750,Posted: 7 May,all,Rel0ad_SY,"这是我玩过的情节最丰富的解谜游戏It is the best mystery game I have ever played.新的画风相对于最早的好了不少(当然，最早的画风也别有一番风味Painting is better than it in before(of course,old plaiting is also interstingPS:这是其实一个治愈系的游戏It is moving game in fact."
,Recommended,310360,16273615,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,thatdude624,"Whoa. This game seems nice and happy at first, but then takes a dark turn. A REALLY dark turn. I don't usually like horror games, but this was really thrilling, a great read.I have one minor techincal complaint. I played this on my really sucky Linux running netbook (like, intel atom with integrated graphics terrible) and while the game ran fine, sometimes the screen would turn black when it's not supossed to, from a transision or something. I can fix it by playing in windowed mode and maximising and restoring the window whenever it happens, so it's fine. I'm impressed it even ran at all on this potato.Yes, I have a gaming PC, but I played this while moving to a new house and it was in a box somewhere, only having this game to keep me entertained. It did its job well.Insta-buying chapter 2 when it comes out."
76561198021340936,Recommended,310360,17929741,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Mr. Dent,"This is one of the absolute best Visual Novels available, anywhere. Every day you spend not having played this game, is a day wasted."
,Recommended,310360,16461622,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Twurkkk,""" ""oh my.....holy♥♥♥♥♥♥...aw ♥♥♥♥"" ~me watching this anime...okay this anime sure lives up to its tags of ""horror"" and ""thriller"", this anime is honestly terrifing without using jumpscares. It sets the mood and hooks you in. Each story is 4(ish) episode long and after one ends it sort of reverts back to a ""save point"" and plays out a different way. The only reason(s) it didn't make it to the ""tops list"" is because of the low(ish) graphic quality and the low(ish) sound quality.NOW if we were evaluating the visual novel (which I've purchased my self (it's on Steam)) is would earn the highest marks possible. ""Oh look we are....HIGHST MARKS POSSIBLE. Srsly tho, I HATE horror, but I LOVE Higurashi. If that doesn't speak volumes about this game then what will?"
,Recommended,310360,15920378,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,BloodNDeception,"Really enjoy the effort everyone has put in to make this game look better, yes I prefer the old translation, but hey everything comes with some good & bad features. I would recommend this game to those who haven't played the original & want to get a fresh start."
,Recommended,310360,29392151,Posted: 20 January,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,...When today was over... and tomorrow came... I thought I could finally... Have a happy life here in Hinamizawa...
76561198208333293,Recommended,310360,30467132,Posted: 12 March,all,Zukimi,Great story.
,Recommended,310360,23494639,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,strayseer,"tl;dr - though I marked this a ""Yes"", consider it a ""mixed"" review. the first 1/3 of it is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the second is alright, and the end is good. also, no player interaction.Although many people may prefer to go into games blind, I think there are a few things you should know before delving into Higurashi (many people who are familiar with the franchise may know this already. but hey, I didn't).First, the beginning is long, slow-paced and stupid. But once things finally kick off, it's pretty good.Second, in case you're a fan of visual novels: don't expect any interaction in this like most VNs out there. In case you are not familiar with the genre: expect to read a lot. In fact, reading is what makes the largest part of this game. There are sprites and sound, sure, but in the end you're still in for hours of reading.This novel has many downsides, of course. The beginning isexcruciating. Narration is really infantile and there are lenghty descriptions of completely irrelevant things. I get what they're trying to go for by setting that extremely cliché anime mood and then revealing, little by little, that life in Hinamizawa isn't all that relaxing and fun, until it gets to a point when it's taken a 180º curve and turned into the creepy mystery story that people are actually here for. But it still would've been better had they cut some of that snooze-inducing crap at the start and inserted something else, like extra material content or CGs.Anyway, I still recommend it since the story does turn out to be interesting and somewhat creepy. The writing style near the second half of the game, particularly when describing Keiichi's paranoia, is enticing and has just the right amount of detail. However, especially in case you're a fan of horror/mystery and not in for the kyute moe animu grls and school shenanigans, you'll need to be really patient for the first 2~3 hours or so."
,Recommended,310360,15900741,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Momoniku,Happy! Lucky! Dochy! for 07thExpansion on Steam.Happy! Lucky! Dochy! if you're supporting the awesome series that is When They Cry.
76561197984322112,Recommended,310360,15978265,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,[TLGS] Mario-x,"If you have watched the anime, you know what to expect, if follows the anime closely from what i remember.If you have not seen the anime or read the manga, the first thing you need to know is this is a whole story, but is just the first telling of it. Each telling is the same story, but added details and different end results. This first chapter gives  you a background of the story and each character, and later chapters fill in the holes and go into more details about the mystery of Higurashi.If this VN seems slow and  you feel like you want to stop playing it, I suggest watching the anime version instead, as the story is well worth it. It is a story that you can enjoy reading multiple times as the second time through you pick up many things you would miss.It is a VN so there is only reading.Edit: After rewatching the anime, the VN is better, has a lot more details in it."
,Recommended,310360,15853121,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Stiltzkin,"The When They Cry series consists of four story arcs each containing four ""episodes"".  WTC 1&2 being the question and answer arcs of Higurashi no Naku Koro ni while WTC 3&4 gives us a new mystery with Umineko no Naku Koro ni.Welcome to HinamizawaThe first episode of When They Cry 1, Onikakushi-hen takes us to the idyllic quiet town of Hinamizawa where Keiichi (K1) has just arrived with his family to settle into a new life.   Does the usual thing, gets himself friends and starts living his new life in the countryside.  But it doesnt take long for that veneer to shatter and K1 becomes entangled in the mystery of Watanagashi Festival.Each chapter starts of very care-free and its seemingly innocent characters are enjoying their youth.  Which makes it all the more unnerving and sometimes terrifying when everything goes to hell.  As the story goes on I found myself becoming heavily invested in it's characters and you really feel for them as the situation becomes more and more hopeless and desperate.Welcome to RokkenjimaEven though this is only Episode 1 of WTC1 I cannot write this and not mention Umineko no Naku Koro ni.If Steam gets there, it will take us to a new setting with new characters although the world of Umineko & Higurashi do seem connected.  WTC3 Episode 1 takes us to the island of Rokkenjima where Battler, who belongs to the wealthy Ushiromiya family, has just returned for the first time in six years to attend a family conference.  But the island and its inhabitants lie heavily under the influence of the witch Beatrice.Umineko feels a bit different to Higurashi as things are a bit more fantastical, but personally I found it to be more compelling and I am still invested in its characters and story.  I hope the complete mystery comes out on steam but that may be unlikely as only Higurashi was translated and published by MangaGamer and Umineko never got the the love.  But you can get fansubs atWitch Huntand a mod to play with PS3 Graphics atUminekoFixIn summary.  When They Cry is not like any other Visual Novel out there and it may be more correct to refer to it as a Sound Novel as 07th Expansion do.  Both Higurashi and Umineko have a great soundtrack which is basically what this is all about (Sound Novel being the hint).  There are no choices,  you just follow the story and try to work out the mystery.   Lots of scary moments, lots of intrigue and lots and lots of feels.The community back in the day was awesome and had many competing theories and there was countless doujins and fan arts that kept you going while we all waited for the next episode to be released.  I hope that can return for a new load of fans on steam."
76561198052073797,Recommended,310360,24190453,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ATG_Zeptepi,Liar!!!! Liar!!!!! Liar!!!! Your're Liar!!!!! Liar!!! Liar!!! Liar!!! Liar!!! Liar!!! Liar!!!10/10 would be lying to Rena again
,Recommended,310360,15860317,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Lewd rabbit,You are going to be taken.....Home...In a body bag...Basement....KFC...Cute yandere doing cute things....Drunken loli....And so many other wonderful choices!Hand holding
,Recommended,310360,17684828,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,xtpkt,got to beat porch monkeys
,Recommended,310360,23874214,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GhostkingG1,au au au...
76561198037821764,Recommended,310360,16321889,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Doctor Love,Great game 5 Moe Psychopaths out of  5. You'll just want to take this game home! Buy it or you'll have to play the penalty game...Nipah!
,Recommended,310360,18497443,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,k1tty,Great game for the whole family (I think).
76561198063132734,Recommended,310360,15905749,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Was it autism?,"Interesting story and premise, a slightly slow start, but a few hours in it really takes a turn.. A shame that there is no voice acting though. Looking forward to the next chapters."
76561198098836208,Recommended,310360,19212044,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Kim,Terrible. 10/10 would buy it again.
,Recommended,310360,25122673,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Lust for Life,"As a preface, I bought this game on a whim under the recommendation of a friend who watched the anime. I’ve read a handful of visual novels before, so I figured this antiquated sound novel that stemmed a bit of mild interest upon initial inspection wouldn’t be too bad of a read for its low price. Little did I know of the compelling story that awaited me.Higurashi When They Cry is a story about 16-year old Keichi Maebara who moves from the busy city to the isolated village of Hinamizawa. He quickly adjusts to the slower pace of life in Hinamizawa and makes new friends. The story begins slowly, with slife-of-life-esque moments and encounters between Keichi and his new friends in Hinamizawa. There are some funny moments, but others may find this part of the story boring and repetitive. However, as the story progresses and the exposition fades, Keichi slowly learns of the horrors surrounding the village of Hinamizawa. Murder. Brutality. Mystery. Insanity. Conspiracy. As one continues reading, they can only feel magnetized as the story draws them in closer and closer. Higurashi is a story of mystery, and it does it properly.There’s more aspects of the novel I could write about. However, I feel it would be too long-winded and, many others have already written about those aspects in their reviews. But I must recommend Higurashi to anyone looking for a great mystery visual novel. If you haven’t watched the anime adaptation of Higurashi, I doubt the visual novel will have the same effect on you as it did with me. This visual novel is my first experience with the Higurashi series and, I am excitedly looking forward to reading the other continuations of the story and uncovering the truth behind the mystery. 9/10."
,Recommended,310360,15867932,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,=AJSA= 不歸V.I.Dread黃泉,"Just bought this game, maybe my gaming time shows close to 0 on Steam, but for real... I have clocked more then you can think into this game/novel since 2004, all 8 chapters of Higurashi no Naku Koro ni and Higurashi no Naku Koro ni - Kai... Plus the 8 chapters of Umineko no Naku Koro ni and Umineko no Naku Koro ni - ChiruTo all newcomer, this novel doesn't serve it's story in the standard way as all novels does, but it split up the story into different pieces. For each chapter (which happens in a parallel universe in the very same date), the same event happens at the usual time, but some part of the event will be different, and a small piece of clue will be added into the story in some strange way, and it is the reader that have to find those clue and try to piece together their own version of story. The chapters in Higurashi no Naku Koro ni are called ""The Question Arc"", this is the challenge handed out to all readers, once you completed your investigation, then you shall brace yourself for the up coming ""The Answer Arc""... Higurashi no Naku Koro ni - Kai!"
,Recommended,310360,23117264,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,actually marisa,мне понравилось
,Recommended,310360,17267619,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Rikimtasu ZMC,First Chapter of the Classic VN.
76561197982563601,Recommended,310360,15851159,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Bpy6,"Named my cat Rika because of this.She now likes to drink wine, but teaching her to say 'Nipah!~' turned out to be too difficult.8/10"
,Recommended,310360,15894235,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Führer 9/11,If you've ever wanted a game that'll remind you of your regretful deviantart days where you only watched horror anime because sailor moon was some weak♥♥♥♥♥shite this is the one for you.
,Recommended,310360,15880144,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","SO MUCH MORE CONTENT THAN THE ANIME ADAPTION! Better graphics, better storytelling, I actually felt crippling fear at certain parts, with how well the story is told through this visual novel... It's simply amazing.... It's 10+ hours of story pertaining to the first few episodes of the anime, but it's told in such detail, and way more information than the anime has on these parts, the way emotion is portrayed is great... Definitely recommend!Totally Glad big name VN's are finally coming to steam, hope to see more!"
,Recommended,310360,16137837,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,slashgear29,"The pacing is too slow. If you don't have much time, just watch the anime.But the story is still damn interesting though. The art, except for the background, is also nice (they really increase Mion's breast size huh?)"
76561198292694947,Recommended,310360,23923838,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Peiying,OMG This is sooo good i just bought this!!!
76561198039052067,Recommended,310360,23763491,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Darcorn,My first VN! Will update this review when I finish the game :)
,Recommended,310360,19223040,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Yeno  ヽ（´ー｀）┌,this is the psychotic loli simulator. if you wish to get murdered by psychotic lolis then this is the perfect game to play
,Recommended,310360,15922019,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,gestalt,It's goddamn HigurashiRena is best and purest girl surpassed by none Mion lovers get out100/10 would panic again
76561198067803844,Recommended,310360,15881885,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Grum,"Friendship is a dance of trust that we're supposed to partake in. My friends don't dance, and since they don't dance, then they're no friends of mine."
,Recommended,310360,25962515,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Snail,Amazing atmosphere. Slow starting but when it gets going it's some of the craziest♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever seen.
76561198170860194,Recommended,310360,30239951,Posted: 28 February,all,Ahri,"Higurashi kai, best anime"
76561198041993574,Recommended,310360,29575527,Posted: 29 January,all,MrMarki134,Even more marvelous than I expected. Anyone who loves the anime as much as I do should play this mother♥♥♥♥ing miracle.
76561198191918903,Recommended,310360,35201358,Posted: 25 September,all,Heimlich,1. It's so cute I want to take it home.2. LIAR!
,Recommended,310360,15877357,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,OavatosDK,This is good. Like really really really good.
,Recommended,310360,23536093,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SerialTranny,I'm in this Visual Novel so I'm filing copyright infringement ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Apparently I make friends and end up being killed by one just because I wanted to give him ohagi with a needle in it. Geez people are picky :/
76561198260535830,Recommended,310360,22180006,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,GregoryH20,Rena:Will you buy it I wonder? ...I wonder?Mion:This old man says you should play it.Satoko:O ho ho ho! Can your plebeian mind handle this story?Rika:...You should definitely read it.Keiichi:Enough of this! Just purchase it already.
76561198056315775,Recommended,310360,15848067,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,enclaveofficer0,"It’s fantastic buy it immediately, I would mute the music or play your own though, the music provided slowly drives you mad."
,Recommended,310360,25717198,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Lee Yunseok,Best cult classic anime themed novel series in my life.추천한다.
76561198063852030,Recommended,310360,15885952,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,CobblerHunter,"A must buy for any fans of the Anime, great to see the story again from the perspective of Keiichi."
,Recommended,310360,15885583,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,NecroXBR,"Remade sprites, same immersive, psychological terrific story, and some good soundtracks :)Played the original some years ago, if you are like me and wants to relieve memories, just buy it and leave it clear to Steam, developers and publishers that we need more Visual Novels here."
76561198108064471,Recommended,310360,15869334,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,The Golden Witch,"The first light novel I've ever started playing, and its impressing me so far. I'm loving the game's atmosphere, and its certainly a compliment with the new character artwork."
,Recommended,310360,24317789,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,RIP computer u will be missed,i am a gay autistic hikikimori
,Recommended,310360,15878673,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Zowayix,"I was only 9 years oldI loved Rena so much, I had all the Higurashi merchandise and visual novelsI pray to Rena every night before bed, thanking her for the life I've been given""Rena is love,"" I say. ""Rena is life.""My dad hears me and calls me a ♥♥♥♥♥♥I knew he was jealous of my devotion to RenaI called him a♥♥♥♥♥♥He slaps me and sends me to go to sleepI'm crying now, and my face hurtsI lay in bed and it's really coldA warmth is moving towards meI feel something kidnap meIt's RenaI am so happyShe whispers into my ear,""I'm taking you home with me""She grabs me with her slender arms and I put her on her hands and kneesI'm readyI spread her asscheeks for RenaI penetrate her ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥It hurts her so much but I do it for RenaI can feel her butt tearing as her eyes start to waterShe pushes against my forceI want to please RenaShe moans out a kyute moan as I fill her butt with my loveMy dad walks inRena looks him straight in the eye and apologises repeatedlyRena leaves through my windowRena is love, Rena is life"
76561198024229965,Recommended,310360,15858344,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,[Daisoujou Follower] Ron900123,"Great series, in all formats; Anime , Manga , and of course the virtual novel!One of the best (in my opinion) in the horror mystery genre this recommended to all who love a good story!ohhh and NIPAHHHH!!!~~"
,Recommended,310360,19078587,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,h0tsp4ce,i got a good 13 hours of gameplay off the full price &6. buy it♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,310360,26054727,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DDRJake,Higurashi is great.
,Recommended,310360,27687410,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kuro-Henshi,"Great story, certainly worth your time"
76561198071147310,Recommended,310360,21541539,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Bassel,Cute game.
,Recommended,310360,21413288,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Turbo Alf,This game is a work of art. Buy this for your kids to teach them the value of friendship.
,Recommended,310360,20532403,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Tillburg,A tense experience that likes to lull you into bouts of merry friendship only to remind you there's something much more sinister at work.
,Recommended,310360,23713474,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Donald Pump,game no work
76561198015754860,Recommended,310360,24924503,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ElxMexican,"Even 5-6 years after having watched the anime and read the original novel, it's still pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good. Trust me, its not Oyashiro-sama telling me to write this. Its actually good"
76561198318920224,Recommended,310360,25892136,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,midnightflyer12,"You know those horror movies about small towns? The ones where the new guy discovers a dark secret, nearly gets killed, and comes back with a horse and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of ammo? Wait, that's Hot Fuzz. Forget that last part.So. Higurashi. As someone who has the old Mangagamer hard copies of both arcs, I was pleased to find that the series was getting a shiny new makeover for Steam. Especially when I head about the improved translation. I'm still hoping to hear that this incarnation will get a new hardcopy release. To those who are familiar with the storyline of the series overall, I won't go into details. If you're interested in skipping ahead, the manga release by Yen Press is still available. To those who haven't played Higurashi yet, here goes.This is a 'kinetic' sound novel.  To those uninitiated in the visual novel genre, sound novels rely less on the graphics, and more on the music, sound effects, and atmosphere. As a kinetic novel, you don't make any decisions. Gameplay is just pushing the enter button and advancing the text. In this edition, you can chose between the original sprites, infamous for being cutesy and having boxing glove hands, or more streamlined, professional looking ones.Hinamizawa is a small town in rural Japan. Tradition looms over this place, where the  deity Oyashiro-sama is worshipped by the locals. When Keiichi Maebara moves to this place from Tokyo in 1983, he will make several friends. The ditzy, yet sharp Rena Ryugu. The tomboyish gamer, Mion Sonozaki. The trap master, Satoko Hojo. The serious young shrine maiden, Rika Furude. With their help, Keiichi finds a place in this town. Then he hears a story from several years ago, about a heinous murder that made the news. His friends deny anything happened, but Keiichi finds evidence to the contrary. As Keiichi learns about the yearly death and disappearances that are called Oyashiro-sama's curse, who can he trust? What is happening in Hinamizawa?On a related note, to look into the tradition of protective gods like Oyashiro-sama,, and stories of spiriting away, I strongly suggest reading Richard Dorson's translations of The Legends of Tono and Folk Legends of Tono."
,Recommended,310360,19930833,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Xeniera,"I'm awful at doing in depth reviews, so I'll give some of my quick thoughts.I've was introduced to Higurashi through the anime.  While the anime was an amazing adaptation of an intricate story, the source material still stands head and shoulders above.  All of the characters are more fleshed out, and given more attention.  There are jokes and club activity scenes that didn't make it into the anime at all.  The story and backstory of Hinamizawa is given way more detail.If you've seen the show, or have read the VNs before, on reread, you'll notice so many hints and minor details that clue in at what's actually going on, and it's really satisfying.If you're completely new to the series, you'll probably be confused about what's actually going on by the end of the game, but let me assure you that Higurashi is one of the few works I've seen where absolutely every loose-end is tied up by the end of the adventure.The translation is really good, way better than the original localization MG put out years ago, and I'm glad they redid it.  The new sprites are also really pretty, and I actually prefer them to the PS3 versions.  The photo-filtered backgrounds don't bug me, but from what I understand, it's easy enough to patch in the PS3 backgrounds with a little googling.When I first saw that MangaGamer was going to charge $5-10 per part, I was a little skeptical, but since picking up and playing parts 1 and 2, I'm eager to throw my money at them for the rest."
,Recommended,310360,15849751,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mickman47,A must read for every VN fan.
,Recommended,310360,22922985,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,die-ratte-mann,200% more unnerving than the anime due to freakish mutant hands.
76561198066300898,Recommended,310360,15848964,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,General Pie,"""Omochiikaeri~!"""
,Recommended,310360,24687375,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Shizuka,"Build up took a little while, but boy was this novel intense! Great experience even if you've already seen the anime."
76561198049422031,Recommended,310360,24586586,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,D.Vadka,"I want to start off by saying that this was an incredibly unique and satisfying experience for a ""game"" and I can't wait to embark on Ch. 2!GameplayThere is no ""gameplay"". This is what is called a ""kinetic novel"", in which you read text and can occasionally review evidence in the form of ""tips"" at the end of chapters.  Do not buy this game if you want gameplay or any sort of active involvement! Higurashi really is a novel (but a darn good one at that!)ArtI played with the updated sprites, but occasionally switched to the old ones for fun.  The new sprites are very well drawn, and while I was kind of disappointed that the only art in the game was the sprites (i.e. no ""scenes"" were drawn), I thought they were used very effectively. Plus, I bet it's fun for older fans to be able to enjoy the original incarnation of the game!StoryThe story started off VERY slowly.  At first, I was under the impression that I'd have to pay attention to every bit of the text, so I wasted time scouring the text during the first several hours of slice-of-life hijinks.  Eventually, I learned to just hit ""auto"" for these sections and not worry if I missed a few words here and there. But MAN. Once this game got to the good stuff (""LIES!!!""), I was hooked.  I have never felt such genuine dread while playing a video game before. The goosebumps I got during certain chapters were what made this an incredible experience. If you love psychological thrillers, strap yourself in for this one!"
,Recommended,310360,24772326,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Host of the Nightmare,Force yourself to sit through the first half of the game and you shall be rewarded.
,Recommended,310360,24772579,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Scorch-A,"Higurashi: When They Cry - Chapter 1: Onikakushi-HenOh boy, am I gonna love reviewing these. Let me first preface this review with two things:1: I've never played a true Visual Novel before this2: I will gladly be quoted when I say that the Higurashi no Naku Koro Ni series is my favorite set of anime of all time.With that said, let's get right underway with the review.Higurashi: When They Cry, is a series made by 07th Expansion and translated to English by MangaGamer. As I understand it, the Visual Novel was the first iteration of this tale, with every other iteration coming afterwards (though I'm not sure if the Drama CD was actually first or not. Can someone please correct me if I'm wrong?). The story follows a laid-back teen named Keiichi Maebara in a small village known as Hinamizawa (based on real-life village Shirakawa-go Village), all set in June of 1983. It starts off laid back and all happy, but eventually starts taking dark turns when some truths start trying to surface. Narrative wise, this is ABSOLUTELY the best way I've received the story. Unfortunately, I'm still not sure I'd wanna call this a game, as there is no player interaction whatsoever. It's more of a glorified book with music and a few sound effects here and there. Oh, and SLIGHTLY interactive visuals, but these are extremely minimalistic. But the lack of gameplay is definitely made up for by this gripping story. The story is told from a first-person perspective of Keiichi, which unfortunately DOES mean we don't get to actually SEE our protagonist in this chapter. The backgrounds are odd in that they're real pictures, probably taken at Shirakawa-go Village, but they've been edited in a way that makes them look like they were done by a concept artist. There's one or two where people's faces are in there that sort of breaks the cartoonish illusion, but for the most part, it's actually very scenic. The music, what little there is, is clever and perfectly timed. Granted, the loops aren't exactly the best, but I enjoyed each track happily. Now since this is only the first arc of the series (only 4 episodes long in the anime), this is by no means the FULL story. In fact, the bonus content even says that this story sort of acts as a prologue for what's to come. But don't let that fool you. The shortest time you'll spend on this VN if you're actually reading it is 8 hours. It's brimming with content, which is something I always appreciate in a story. The Steam edition offers a choice between the original character sprites drawn by the original creator, or new updated sprites that even surpass the anime's art style. If you ask me, the original sprites haven't exactly aged well, and these new ones are almost more alive and believable (it's mainly the hands). Overall, this first chapter of Higurashi: When They Cry gets an 8/10 from me. My only complaint is that it's basically a book with extra additives, but at least it rocks as its own thing. You can download a copy of Higurashi: When They Cry - Chapter 1: Onikakushi-Hen on Steam for $5.99 on PC, Mac, and Linux, or for $0.99 on the AppStore (bearing in mind that the iOS versions do not have the updated sprites, and may possibly not have the updated English translation either)."
76561198010240322,Recommended,310360,25195412,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Someoneman,"You might have heard people call this horror, but for the best experience you should really treat the story as a fun romantic comedy about a guy who meets a group of fun and quirky girls and has fun playing board games with them."
,Recommended,310360,24175298,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,hacksoi,goddamn
76561198059544195,Recommended,310360,22405378,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Afromenace,"Buy it, then buy the sequel.Then wait for the other 6 chapters.Then buy Umineko if it gets released on Steam."
76561197982861913,Recommended,310360,22556559,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,13o\/\/S3R,"not a game, but the best damn non game you'll ever not play!"
,Recommended,310360,22646028,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Foxy-Sierra,Make sure you thoroughly chew your mochi before you swallow.
,Recommended,310360,22656972,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,mindblaster42,one of the few
,Recommended,310360,23939331,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nathan,"This franchise has a great anime version that is perfectly done, and the Higurashi Visual Novels are  a must have for any fan of the series. If you enjoy stories that have a massive ammount of lore to enjoy outside of the main plot; then you'll surely enjoy Higurashi's massive ammount of world building done outside of the main game Chapter One is a great start for people who aren't interested in Visual Novels typically; the story is gripping enough to keep readers interested dispite the anime nature of the game. On of the best parts of Chapter One is that it is very much self contained; the story could end with just this title. It's great however that there are more games. Each title in the Higurashi franchise is able to stand an thier own; as they each follow a new story with the existing cast, so if you just want to enjoy a well written and interesting story; picking up just Chapter One is great; but it's even better that there is the option for those who enjoy the story to get all of them in a bundle. Each Higurashi title may be rather expensive; but considering the high quality and that other VNs can cost easily doubble the price; I'd say it's well worth it.(If you enjoy the story of the first Higurashi; but don't feel like reading, the anime is also a great way to experience this franchise.)"
,Recommended,310360,15994662,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Sonozaki,"Watched the anime and were impressed as ♥♥♥♥. So I decided to buy the game on steam right after release.So far I can say that I really like the atmosphere and soundtrack, story etc. it made me feel like beeing Keichi.Kyute!"
,Recommended,310360,33775769,Posted: 24 July,all,Bum bum bdum bum,"If most of the world's visual novels are dating (or fondling) simulators for the lonely and horny, then I'd call this an apt friendship simulator for the lonely and friendless.Granted, all your friendships end tragically.But if you've ever wanted to be friends with a bunch of kids in the japanese countryside in the 1980's, this is most definitely the game for you.The Graphics for me are the only downside. I reccommend the ps3 graphics patch."
76561198006984549,Recommended,310360,34881837,Posted: 11 September,all,Street,"Excellent and atmospheric. I can almost believe there's someone standing right behind me, knowing exactly what I'm going to have for dinner.Pork Bone and Ginger Flavour Noodles, since you asked."
,Recommended,310360,17473979,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,✪TheRolL,Nice higurashi <33333
76561198017813557,Recommended,310360,17555973,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Shadow Phantom,My friend had reccommended that I read this ages ago but I could not get over the crappy looking sprites. So when this version came out on steam I decided to give it a try. The first half of the game was slice of life high school hijiks. I'm not into slice of life at all so it was taking me a long time to read through this part. After the Watanagishi festival (I probably butchered the spelling) the storyline REALLY picks up. The storyline takes such a dark turn that I thought I was reading Saya no Uta (which is the darkest VN I have ever read) for a bit. Anyway this is technically the prolouge of this series which I will probably end up buying and reading it all.It turned out to be worth reading despite being bored for half of it.
,Recommended,310360,17575252,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Ecks,"As someone who loves the anime the VN is on easily better, at least as far as this Arc. I have nothing bad to say about it other than perhaps there's no dialog options the story was great and I can't wait for the next arc"
76561198068441903,Recommended,310360,17455715,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Cunning Linguist,"what can I say, the OST for this game chipped away slowly at my sanity.Other than that, it was really annoying at first playing without voices, but considering there is a PS3 patch to add character voices and updated backgrounds and CGs, I enjoyed the hell out of it, absolutely flawless10/10"
,Recommended,310360,17511268,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,GreenJarate,"Very entertaining, love the suspense, never got uninterested in even the little things they do, love each character and story, also shedded a man tear..."
,Recommended,310360,17606673,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Ping Christ,this game made me addicted to heroine10/10
,Recommended,310360,16872908,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,PikaP,"It's Higurashi, BUY IT NOW."
,Recommended,310360,16831149,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Harmonica,"My Favorite VN, most exciting and i almos feel like that i live in Himanizawa myself. Best VN, Anime and Manga ever.10/10"
76561197971532050,Recommended,310360,19154267,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Conditional Love,"*disregard my time played - I played a non-steam build*As a Visual Novel Higurashi it's very basic: the music is cheesey, and the art is simple and low-resolution to boot.Why you need to buy Higurashi is that it has a story of rare quality - a horror story that could only come from Japan. While it pretends to be a cute school story, make no mistake, there is something wrong with the town.Buy Higurashi Ch.1 when it is on sale."
76561198196422293,Recommended,310360,15847129,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,bezoargoat101,"The 2nd best thing ever written, with umineko at the number 1 spot"
,Recommended,310360,15893548,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,【 Engel 】,so..............kyute~! ✩
,Recommended,310360,16126271,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,HelterSkelter937,so much nope!!!also seehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y47LGmlcJug
,Recommended,310360,22405313,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,WreckSpice,Don't look behind you.
,Recommended,310360,15856105,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ERROR404,How do I unlock Mario???????????????????????????????? I already killed Rena and Mion!!!!!
,Recommended,310360,33225551,Posted: 4 July,all,ME9I,"Rena, please forgive me."
,Recommended,310360,15848329,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,.Sanaret,"Higurashi no naku koro ni - onikakushi used to have a file size of 666mb, now it's only 438mbPersonally I am quite saddenedI call bull. I can no longer summon the devil with this game"
76561198042864202,Recommended,310360,15892046,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Materia User,"First off ignore my playtime, I already own this entire VN and bought it merely to support the devs and series as a whole. This series is my favorite anime, VN, and manga (I've also played several games - some fan made, others official, as well as watched the live action movie) that I have had the pleasure of partaking in of all time. I could dork it up quite a bit in here with the knowledge I have of this series, but I'll just limit this to the review of this version of the vn =P.So first off lets get the negatives out of the way:Although the character sprites received a visual overhaul, the backgrounds did not. Some are decent, others are just really ugly.They did change some text around for this translation (however I feel it's for the better - easier to understand) none of it changes the meaning behind the words. Still this game in particular has very significant meanings behind a lot of the words they use and a lot of subtlety with double meanings and implications behind everything. Not something you want to change around too much.The main negative thing not just for the VN but for the series as a whole is that they take a long time to answer your questions - A lot of people will give up before they ever get there due to impatience.PERSIST!! It's worth it - I can't stress this enough. Also this is the first chapter - So you won't get any direct answers to your many questions yet.However if you like to think about it and try to figure out what is happening for yourself - then good because that is the way it is meant to be played.This isn't meant for kids, so please don't whine about how your 6 year old played this and had nightmares. 4kids even had this title advertised as ""meant for all ages""no... just no.Alright now lets get to the beauty of this VN.If your squeemish about gore (which this series is popular for) You actually don't have to worry too much for the VN of it... the gore is described to you but it's not actually shown. (The anime and manga are totally different about that though)Compared to other VN's on steam this 1 chapter is still much longer than other VN's on steam - you get more than your money's worth in that regard.Characters are freaking fantastic. Even minor characters like Dr Irie get a lot of background information on them and really help you understand each characters motivations for why they do what they do - but ok in this chapter you may not see as much as I'm praising it for - but I'm sort of treating this review as for all chapters, I already know and love what the other chapters have in store.For those who like to feel elitist, this VN actually came out even before the manga, and of course long before the anime. So you can feel elitist by saying ""the original source said this""I spent 40 bucks on mangagamer on this forever ago and don't regret a single dollar, so for the price steam asks this imo is a no brainer."
76561198163736033,Recommended,310360,15997524,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,shinzzang,OMG
,Recommended,310360,18724139,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ιиνιѕιвℓє gιяℓ,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,310360,21973502,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Tallzed,I lied to Rena and enjoyed it.
,Recommended,310360,17407381,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Lyonesse,The mother of all horror Visual Novels. The first part of a totally thrilling and mysterious experience awaits you...---Rena = ❤
76561198006483834,Recommended,310360,15864489,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,nacho_chicken,"For some reason, I get the feeling Keiichi would really enjoy ""Peanut Butter Jelly Time"" by the Buckwheat Boyz."
,Recommended,310360,18536730,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,真剣に?,Nipah~!
,Recommended,310360,22989816,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Wiking,WHAT.THE.♥♥♥♥?!
,Recommended,310360,15850533,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,若ロリ Kawaii loli,One of the best Animes and VN's ever ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,310360,15850990,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Spooky Noises,Some people who are lactose intolerant can go to the emergency room.It'sGotCheese/10
,Recommended,310360,18357519,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Felixu,whY
,Recommended,310360,17865078,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,bloodconfetti,"Unfortunately this game/VN is not worth playing without the PS3 patch. I love Higurashi and it's one of my favorite animes of all time, but the game as it is now, is almost unplayable. The backgrounds are not appealing at ALL and the text and 'text box' is way too large. I would rather they use anime-style backgrounds as well as actual text boxes with text that fits and moves on line by line rather than keeping paragraphs upon paragraphs on screen. Anyway, the patch is amazing and even though it doesn't fix the text problem, the background graphics give the game a MUCH more professional feel, and the addition of voices makes it so that the text doesn't feel so... clunky. Despite my complaints, I was beside myself with excitement when I saw this game was coming to Steam and appreciate the effort taken in making it. I just wish it'd been more polished."
,Recommended,310360,33923920,Posted: 31 July,all,C 0 R R U P T E D,Loved it!Probably one of the best novels I have read.[Probably cause I have a thing for yandere characters.... But still.]The novel was enticing and made me binge through it in one single go.-Rena is best girlhands down
,Recommended,310360,34407870,Posted: 21 August,all,Hentai Tsundere,It's aids.
,Recommended,310360,25722632,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sparkle,"10/10read za vn dude, don't watch the anime"
,Recommended,310360,15864308,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,/;-;\,"Cheap N' good,just like toast"
,Recommended,310360,25976436,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ragu,Gort.
,Recommended,310360,24811045,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,korbs,Rena Ryuuguu is my waifu.
,Recommended,310360,26366934,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,A Bloody Flesh Spewkie,"As an individual completely obsessed with the anime, this is quite the fulfilling expierience adding more to what I already know about this amazing story.  A Both more terrifying experience and heartbreaking one than what I've seen on the show, I can't wait to play more."
,Recommended,310360,25999109,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Damien Ramirez,"AS messed up as the Anime, i'd only buy if your a Fan of these types of games or the anime, or like Manga: lots of reading"
,Recommended,310360,15874462,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,geggie93,Best Dating Sim I've ever played. 10/10.
76561198007841750,Recommended,310360,15848211,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Bye Bye Guy,Greatest Visual Novel created by a mans hands
,Not Recommended,310360,21338804,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,rofflingwaffle,"To start with, I should mention that I knew the gist of the story for this chapter from watching the corresponding episodes of the anime series so that may have impacted on my experience of the mystery.Story:The story is told from the perspective of Keiichi Maebara, a boy who recently transferred to the quiet village of Hinamizawa. About half of the story deals with his daily life, and the other half deals with the mystery.I personally hated the setting of daily life part of the game. I found most of the main characters annoying/uninteresting (most are along the lines of 'cute anime school girls who do cute things') and I pretty much couldn't connect with any of them other than the MC.On the other hand, I found the setting for the mystery part of the game great. I liked the whole 'sleepy village in the hills where strange things are happening' aspect, and I thought the details that went into the background really helped to immerse you in the mystery.It is where the two of these parts come together that really didn't work for me. I have heard that for some, the alternation between the daily life and the mystery parts of the story and the gradual merging of the two as the plot builds up is what makes the whole VN work really well. In my case, I found that the contrast was too great and every time the story switched from the mystery to the daily life part, it lost the momentum that had been built up. My experience with this was probably affected in some part because I did not enjoy/connect with the daily life part of the story. The build up of the mystery plot is also slowed because of the division into the two parts, especially at the beginning of the game, and I was tempted to give up early on because of the balance of the two is so heavily skewed (~90:10 early game) towards the daily life part early on to build the overall setting.Art:Pretty average backdrops for a VN, but they do the job and help to visually flesh out the setting. The use of heavily-filtered photos helps the reader to connect for a mystery VN such as this, in my opinion, and the use of different filters also helps to add atmosphere to the mystery parts of the story. The updated sprites look alright but I thought they were not the most appropriate for the characters as they are portrayed. I saw some of the sprites from the PS3 version of the game and they fit a lot better.Sound:The text of the story is accompanied by some decent sound effects and music (at times used to great effect for suspense, etc). Wouldn't say that the soundtrack stood out too much.Overall:The overall experience provided by this VN was alright/good (6/10), but I would not recommend this game as it just did not work for me. The actual portion of the game dealing with the mystery does not feel all that substantial, and it definitely does not feel worth it for someone who hated the daily life portion of the game."
,Recommended,310360,32794971,Posted: 25 June,all,NateRFB,Good game.
,Recommended,310360,15847067,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ditlos,I may not be good at writing reviews but here goes nothing.Higurashi a mystery novel first released in 2002 makes good use of its sound´s (especially the cry of the cicadas).It has likeable characters that are pretty well fleshed out and you wil probably feel related to them easily.While the anime adaptation is great i think the novel will be a more memorable experience.This was my review nuf said~Nipaah ^_^
,Recommended,310360,31598100,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,310360,15851713,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,X.horagema,YOU LIAR!!!
,Recommended,310360,16457917,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Adventure Ape (TF2 Workshop),"'Loli! Shrine Maiden! Brink of Crying! Mew! NOW THIS IS WHAT YOU CALL ART!' - qoute from the gameif you liked the anime, or the book, you will like the gamei never even heard of this book until i watched the abriged parody, but it doesnt even compare to the original.i couldnt stop reading."
,Not Recommended,310360,26001852,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Pchan,"It is great that a cult Japanese visual novel like Higurashi When They Cry Hou - Ch.1 Onikakushi has become available in Steam in English and the new features are very nice.There is barely any interaction beyond moving the text forward which is fine. However that means that it is only the graphics, sound and storytelling that motivates you to keep going. Generally the graphics and sound are pretty limited and early on the story moves very slowely which makes the game pretty boring. Later on, when the story picks up, the game becomes more interesting and creepy but it took a lot of patience to reach this point.Having finished chapter 1, I am eager to play chapter 2 which I hope improves on the pacing of its story."
76561198057763740,Recommended,310360,15846653,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Inquisitor Thomas,I took this game homeI recommend other people take this game home10 out of 10
,Not Recommended,310360,29124293,Posted: 8 January,all,TheKarpuk,"This visual novel has that issue a lot of sophomoric writing has where it's just too damn impressed with itself. Perhaps it's partially the fault of the translation, but the writing fails on some basic levels. There's tons of tell rather than show, which is especially bad when you have the support of backgrounds and character expressions.The main character is also extremely unpleasant without it ever being called into question. He's casually awful to all the girls around him, and there's very little push-back from anyone.I couldn't even finish this first episode. It's amateurish and unpleasant."
,Not Recommended,310360,34914313,Posted: 12 September,all,pictoshark,"I've read the entire Higurashi series and I don't particularly think they're all that great. Now Umineko on the other hand, THAT'S A VN FOR YOU.Anyways about this game, it's pretty meh, there's nothing you can do except read. How fun is that? The mysteries are all pretty easy too. And the twist, well forget about it, too much psuedo science / 10.If you do like this sort of thing, good for you. I would rather have Studio DEEN do the art though. This is sort of like a more realistic Fate/Stay Night if you like that sort of thing. The original art is awful btw.The only reason I get this is to support my good friends at MangaGamer, and maybe so I can join in podcasts at the fan community I'm in."
76561198143972439,Not Recommended,310360,19586673,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ZeroPantz™,"What a struggle to get through this game. I honestly have been nothing but bored during the almost 2 hours I've tried to enjoy this VN. There's no voice acting, no animated characters, they don't even blink. And the way the text is presented... What? Sometimes I don't even know whose saying what. =_= This is just a boring book with some animu girls in the background. They said the story actually was getting good after you get into it more, but I am honestly not sure if I am inclined to bother even further with this game. I may just watch the anime, someday."
76561198112042987,Not Recommended,310360,29228101,Posted: 13 January,all,GamingGodAkantra,"I was hoping there would be some type of gameplay in this.  But from what I can see after 30 minutes of play, that I got my hopes up... No Gameplay, no exploration, just the straight story of Onikakushi... You want to know the story, watch the anime.  It's not only more visually interesting, but you know what to expect from a tv show.  Don't waste your money by buying this title, let's see if I can get a refund."
,Not Recommended,310360,15852221,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,kaheliini,"i've been a fan of the when they cry series for a long while and was really hyped about the game coming to steam, but upon playing i can't say i'd recommend this port of the game to anyone.first of all, the english translation is really awkward and really, really unnecessarily complicated. it's like a chore to get through the text because of all the odd sentence structures and the narration feels out of character for keiichi (what high school dude uses the word 'accompaniment', seriously). the way the Very Obviously Japanese characters talked about receiving their allowance in dollars was more than a bit odd tooas for things other than the language, the character sprites have some easily fixable anatomy mistakes that bother me personally, but aren't too obvious if you try not to pay too much attention to them (i suppose). maybe it's due to being used to used to different sprite sets but the models in this port specifically look kind of off...the option to change languages from english to japanese & from the new sprites to the original ones was nice enough, but overall it doesn't feel like this steam edition brings anything new to the game (other than trading cards and achievements)i bought this to support 7th expansion's fantastic visual novel work, but i'm not sure if i'll be getting the next chapters, if only because of the because of the bad porti'd only recommend getting this version if you're new to the series and have no means of getting a different edition with better sprite and translation patches. other than that, don't bother"
,Not Recommended,310360,23592468,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Non-True Otaku,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥don't loading
76561198055531472,Not Recommended,310360,18920905,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,SugaRogue,"I was so looking forward to this, but was dissapointed. I waisted 6 hours of my life on a slideshow, that is all this is, it is not a game. I will say goodish things about this before I start, I could only recommend this to die hard I love everything because it is from this fans. I love Higurashi, it's an amazing series, but I didn't get what I expected from this and it could have been so much more than what they chose to do with it. That being said I do like the extra character input they give you after your done in extras even though it does break the 4th wall. This isn't a game. You don't get any choices, nothing is different from the anime. All you do is click through hours of dialog that brings nothing new to the table really. They don't even show a picture or anything for the scary parts. Part of what makes Higurashi so scary is the visuals, actually seeing the crazy and watching it happen. I would highly reccomend just watching the anime or if you do like to read, read the manga. This is a poorly transfered novel with a handful of blurred backrounds and character figures placed over that look like they were cut strait out of the anime. I say it's poorly done because even if you take it for the value of simply having something to read they never specify who is saying what so it's easy to get lost in their conversations at times."
,Not Recommended,310360,19122175,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Tomha,"Just watch the anime or read the manga -_-Okay anyways I'm something of a casual fan who's popped in and out of the mood for Higurashi goodness and found this incredibly misleading. ""A VN Higurashi game"" Steam said? Well I'll be damned, this sounds like the perfect idea for Higurashi. I bet I could make the right choices for a happy ending with Rena on my first run, I imagined.But in truth it's really not a game but a literal visual novel, with no form of interaction, options, endings and so on. While the elite fanatics will argue with me (as if I mocked Jesus Christ himself) that VN's don't have to be games and that I should practically be ashamed of ever wanting a Higurashi game. Just calm your♥♥♥♥♥♥people, just because I don't like this approach doesn't mean I dislike the franchise.Listening to the hardcore fans yell at me still makes my neck itch as I had at first asked about the game. Something simple like ""Okay I've read over 2 hours of story, when do I get the options?"" only to get talked down to by uppity folks like a condescending mother talking down a kid. ""Choices? What do you think your playing? Higurashi has no 'options' only story! God, why do these casuals always think a VN is a game?"" Oh I dunno...because most of them are? In anycase I was pretty screwed as I had hit the 2 hour marker and couldn't get a refund. however it wouldn't be lady like of me to complain about wasted money.In anycase while the story is great, I just don't like how it's being delivered. If you're like me at all, you'd think given how it is, Higurashi could make for a really awesome Choice making game. Frankly I'd rather just buy the Manga or Anime. More expensive sure but I'll be more satisfied with those. But also from what I heard this version is still pretty out of date, probably cause of some of the hideous renditions or something, I wouldn't know.I can't even give this a rating as it's not an actual game...but I still wouldn't recommend it unless you want to only read, you know, like a book. (Something else I just don't get...if you want to read, just buy a book. Don't know why people hate books/comics/manga/whatever so much...)"
,Not Recommended,310360,15862341,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Fcoast,"Bought it to support the author, Ryuukishi07.I can endure the awkward translation by MangaGamer, but no voice acting is a dealbreaker. The PS2 version is way superior."
,Not Recommended,310360,31207001,Posted: 17 April,all,Lexers615,"So far, I would not recommend it... Been playing for over one hour and a half, and all Ive done was clicking on the ""Skip"" button... It's only a kinetic novel so far, no story or any form of ""game"" litterrally speaking...You got to see this game as a ""never ending opening cutscene"" promptly followed by the conclusion...Other than that, characters sure are well drawn!"
76561198013260562,Not Recommended,310360,17690272,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,calico,"I expected this game to be an actual, well, game, with decisions to make. Instead, it's just a read-through, with sound effects.Honestly, what i wanted was a game where the choices i made in the beginning (winning/losing games, setting penalties, helping or not helping the girls with problems like col. sanders, etc) determined which Higurashi path i was on (Watanagashi/Onikakushi/Meakashi/etc), but i guess that is not how they go. I haven't played any of the games in the series previously, but i did really enjoy the anime and manga series. I just wanted something more interactable. =/"
,Not Recommended,310360,29550381,Posted: 28 January,all,jersey,"First qand most important - this is NOT a game. It's just a novel that is sold as a game. There is nothing to uncover, no choices to be made - nothing. Just click, click, click to see another screen. so if you are looking for a typical visual novel game where you have some choice (even if few and far apart) and can influence the ending - look somewhere else.Graphics ... well, background are great, I least I liked this pseudo hand-drawn images in the background. But characters are your typical 2D anime school girls. Nothing fancy. The ""mimics"" is lacking, there are just few poses and faces.Music is boring and repetitive, so nothing to look (or hear rather) for.But in the end the whole plot is simply boring. It is unneccessary long, some activities are repetitive and at the end everything starts to rush just as if writes realized that money is ending and they need to complete the game.I like visual novels, I reall do. Even the ones that are only novels, not games. But this was badly executed excuse of mystery horror.Avoid, it's not worth single cent (US or Euro ;))."
,Not Recommended,310360,19245363,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Emmerah,Seriously? Just watch the anime.
,Not Recommended,310360,19098350,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,(RR) silvertales6,:(
,Not Recommended,310360,28021091,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tuncstic,"I have never read any anime novels, or played a game of this genre befoe. It's unilkely I'll ever do so again. I don't know why anyone considers this a gameat all - there is absolutely nothing to do but press the button to see the next sentence. The story and characters are mildly interesting, but the pace is so slow that I gave up."
76561198096512493,Not Recommended,310360,19754133,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,adburtnett,No game play. This is not a game put it in the video section.
76561198076535966,Not Recommended,310360,28986829,Posted: 3 January,all,hjess007,"As a woman, playing this game just felt revulsing. I just couldn't stand the way the main character talks with or thinks about the other characters (all women), and therefore, I couldn't stand the game. I kept playing it since everyone was raving about it, until I was just too disgusted.Now, this opinion is only personal and there is nothing wrong with loving this game. But if you think you could be shocked by dominating attitude towards women or oversexualization of teenage characters, maybe think twice before buying."
76561198035943484,Not Recommended,310360,16571039,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LiZ,\
76561197967304662,Not Recommended,310360,15936840,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Botoitchi,I didn't realize how irritating the sound in this story was.
,Recommended,310360,18387334,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Ian,"Before going through this, i had only heard of the ""When They Cry"" franchise. Going in new, i was astounded by the quailty of this, a story that twisted and turned through out. By the end, i wanted more. Can not wait for the econd chapter to make its apperacnce on Steam."
,Recommended,310360,19045465,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Verraaaaaat,"I already knew what was going to happen because I watched the anime but even so, I got the feels as if it was the first time getting through the story, such a sad chapter...10/10"
,Recommended,310360,18907843,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Leon Declis,"NOTE: Visual novel, no choices, just read. However, fantastic horror story.-----------------------------------I am Keiichi.I recently moved from the city to a village in the♥♥♥♥♥♥end of nowhere. It's a little boring, but I enjoy it. I met a few girls around here, who seem nice.There is Rena, the sweetest girl you could ever meet. She meets me every day to give me food (best food by the way), beautiful and kind and caring. She blushes so quickly, and is easy to make blush with the most basic of compliments. If she ever sees something cute, well, watch out.And Mion. Not really beautiful, but she is clever and competitive. Seriously, watch out. She is an expert in board games, and she will win at any cost. She is the de-facto leader, but she keeps things light and her sharp tongue keeps you on your feet.And Satako and Rika, two little sweet girls with a love for pranks and patting my head.I'm so lucky to meet them.So why I am now sitting in my room, covered in blood, clutching a metal bat, learning I am not the first person to be hunted to death by a... a deamon or something or people....I am afraid for my life.I do not know why they want it.Only the Cicada know."
76561198152238302,Recommended,310360,18853874,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Därko,"If you are a fan of mystery, anime, novels and ofc the Higurashi anime or manga you will love this take on the classic horror/mystery story. You are Maebara Keiichi and you have just moved from the big town to the calm and quiet village of Hinamizawa.As you progress you will encouter all the classic characters from the original manga and follow the original story. You will question who you can trust and who you cant, but be carefull because one unthoughtfull move could mean your life being in danger. thread carefully through the woods beacuse the cries of the higurashis may be the last thing you hear."
76561198101044214,Recommended,310360,19422706,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,fire_king_23,I love this series! this translation is really good and I can't wait for more!
,Recommended,310360,19295317,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,mudball2,"While my only complaint with this first arc in the visual novel series would be that the pacing of the manga and anime were substantially better, this visual did have it's own unique flavor that certainly freshened up the experience of the story a bit. It does justice to being a proclaimed ""sound"" novel, but adding the right bits of sound with the text and the character can really feel the experience in a whole new light this time. That being said, I totally recommend it, and I can't wait to read the rest of the arcs!"
76561198049420453,Recommended,310360,19560538,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Doctor Professor Fact Core,"Ah Rena, I'll always remember you as my first psycho waifu.10/10 Would attend Watanagashi again"
,Recommended,310360,19549413,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Orange☆Road,i'm in love with cicadas right now
76561198023056666,Recommended,310360,19382002,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ltcraggs,"(( Hey all,Well, I wasn't sure what to expect from ""Higurashi: When They Cry, Chapter 1"", but I saw it was on sale, and figured I would give it a shot.  And now that it's over... it's... freak-a-ly amazing!  I can't really say anything, without spoiling the story, but it is well worth the price of admission.The story is solid blend of daily-life, mystery, suspense, murder, horror, macabre, legends, myths, and ghost tales.  While it takes a spot to get used to how the characters ""talk""(since it isn't voiced), the translation is very well done, and helps give the cast their own, unique personalities.  Chapter 1 focuses mostly on the interaction of three members of the cast, and my understanding is later chapters flesh out the rest of the townsfolk of Hinamizawa.  Music and sound effects are blended into the show to help with the immersion of the story.  I enjoyed the updated graphics more than the original character sprites; however, both do have their own charm.Overall, well worth checking out. ))"
,Recommended,310360,19387846,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,geese howard's geese tower,Top 10 Fu*ked Up Anime Deaths
,Recommended,310360,19493974,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Deimos,"Slow-building cliches later give place to suspense and tension. If you can immerse yourself in the story, the fear is real!"
76561198258923725,Recommended,310360,19517023,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tiger Witch,"[!] This is my first review and its my first VN as well, so please take it easy.I'm new to the Higurashi series and i've not heard of it from reading manga nor do i watch it from anime before, yet this visual novel is fun to read. (In fact, its the first visual novel i've read in my life as well. Don't ask me why.)[contains minor spoiler]It's full of twisted horror which is far more gruesome than keiichi getting punished after a card game. The story at first, like everyone said, is just a flow until the day of the festival. From there, the main characters starts to feel suspicious and things start to fall apart as Keiichi attempts to find the truth behind the dam incident.As he learns the mystery, the incident somehow points toward his friends who might be involved with the incident. Learning about their background, the story changes from a friendly atmosphere into a nightmare. So much so that Keiichi knew that he will endanger himself for knowing too much about the truth.Expect the unexpected things, i've tried to predict what is going to happen next, yet the outcome is always unexpected especially towards the end. You will end up asking yourself: What is the main cause of the entire tragedy? Is the curse to be blame or is it's someone behind all this. You'll never know even if you finish reading the first chapter. You'll definitely want to get the next chapter if you want to know more about it. Btw, Rena is scarier although she is very kyute.[Overall]What a read! I'm glad i purchased both chapters from the recent Autumn sale, i've already finished reading the first chapter and i definitely going to read the next. Despite the fact that this is just only a prologue, it's pretty much scarier than you can think and always give you a creep when you head for bed. That being said, you don't have to watch the anime in order to love it. I can easily recommend this to anyone who loves horror and tragedy. I dare you to try to read everything and play some scary music at the background as you hit the climax of the story."
76561198031285054,Recommended,310360,19305311,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Yamisquall,"Higurashi on Steam with updated graphics?And planning to release all episodes from ""Hou""?LIES!!!!"
76561198024067676,Recommended,310360,19539771,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,samuelandjw,"An excellent prologue to a fantastic series.I'm a fan of the anime adaptation and have watched all 2 seasons. I can still recall major plot twists and background stories. I thought I knew what was in store when I started the visual novel, but the 2nd half of the VN blew my mind.The 1st half is a very slow opening with cheesy background music. The creators must have a huge obsession with card games because there are so many of them! None but one of the card games have impact on the story ... at least not in the first chapter.The 2nd half, on ther hand, is brilliant. Careful manipulations of background music, sound effects and images live up to the reputation of the entire series.Worth the full price."
76561198061250319,Recommended,310360,15858506,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Iago,"CRITIC:Its one good Visual Novel with a great story to tell...(If you like this game you should watch the anime OR if you have already seen the anime you should play this game :P) .GAMEPLAY:You cant do something specific, the only thing you can do is read the story that takes part in first season of the anime(ONLY the 4 first episodes of the anime).You cant take any decision witch will make any deference in to the game.If you finish a Chapter you will be reward with 2 new Tips of the game...(Those Tips is something like MORE gameplay with the already known Characters like: Rena,Mion,Rika and Satoko. You play us Keiichi in every Tip i unlock so far and you can only read what the other characters talking about... Keiichi takes part on the discussion but you can only READ not take decision on your own.)In the game there is no Voice for any of the characters but you can understand who is talking by the discussion.VOTE:I recommend this game in the Anime Fans... :DFor me it takes 9/10. (Sorry for the bad grammar and thanks for Reading :P)"
,Recommended,310360,15859501,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,purin,just like the anime
,Recommended,310360,15862546,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,rat,"As a long-time fan of the Anime Higurashi no Naku Koro Ni, I have to say this game does not disappoint. Of course, I knew how the story was going to play out, but it was still a lot of fun to play out the scenarios using the newly updated models and the older original ones.All and all, I highly recommend this game to any fans of the anime and or lovers of the horror genre."
,Recommended,310360,15862654,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,MIMSI21,"If someone want to see the story of higurashi no naku koro ni from the perspective of the protagonist Maebara Keiichi I only can recommend this game, because the storyline of the Visual Novell is very similar to the story of the anime.pros :- the music and the chirping cicadas give you the higurashi no naku koro ni feeling- adopted story of the anime also the characters and their behavior- Nipah~conta :- you cant make decisions ( but maybe it will be possible because I played it only 4 hours and reached chapter 5 )I should write a review after I finish the VN but I cant wait longer to tell how amazing this"
76561198018844962,Recommended,310360,15862978,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,CarryThatWeight,"Thx, Gaben The Savior, now I can omochikaeri Rika-chan and Satoko-chan."
,Recommended,310360,15863341,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Sgds,Do you know Oyashiro-sama?
,Recommended,310360,15920127,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Wolf,"A great start to one of my favourite stories.Higurashi is a mystery, one that the reader engages with from start to finish. For me, this is what makes it so interesting to follow as you find yourself coming up with new theories as to what exactly is going on and why things are happening the way they are. The story is presented in a series of arcs (or chapters), with this being the first. Everything is fleshed out such as the setting, the characters and the mystery itself. Higurashi is full of rich detail as the story unravels and events stir within the quiet town of Hinamizawa.Coming from someone who had the anime as one of their all-time favourites, I'm already sold that this is the superior medium for telling the tale. The characters feelings and thought processes are much more fleshed out, allowing the reader to become a lot more engaged and connected with the story. The comedy is enjoyable and not over-done, and the more serious elements of the visual novel hit hard when they happen. This is also heavily backed up by the sound (after all, Higurashi was first known for being a sound novel), which does a great job of immersing the reader.Anyone who's unsure about reading this, whether it be they've already seen the anime or maybe just not interested in the cutesy look of it, I highly recommend you give this a shot as it may just surprise you. Also it's getting tons of care and support from the developers and community in relation to modding and just improving the overall quality of the script and extras, which is just great to see.So go ahead and strap yourself in for for the first chapter of this gripping series!"
,Recommended,310360,18226848,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Bunko Valentine,Rena scares me to this day.
,Recommended,310360,18201608,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,5eiko,"If you haven't played or seen Higurashi yet, what are you doing with your life?Probably something more productive than me."
76561198015660846,Recommended,310360,16736894,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,~Cradilicious,"You, who are reading this. Please uncover the truth. That is my only desire.The ""When they cry"" series is not anything new, it has been around for quite a while (over a decade if memory serves). Starting with the visual novels and then the anime. Looking at the previews it looks to be a slightly cutesy series (even from a Graphic Novel perspective) but let me assure you it is not. The Higurashi series is not the most happy one, but it is in my experiences one of the most compelling mystery stories out there. The more you read the deeper you delve into the story the better it gets. It feels a bit slow at first but it picks up.As others have mentioned the average person looking into this will see ""Chapter 1"" and think to themselves ""Well I don't know about this"". This is just part one of many in the series and each Chapter isn't exactly short.Another thing worth mentioning is that this version of the visual novel lets you choose between updated character art and original character art. The updated character art is very very good, the screenshots show this.Remember that this is a Visual Novel, you don't get to ""pick your path"" through the story, there are no ""Quick-time events"" or anything such as that. Think of it like a picture book, a mystery theme'd story rich picture book.Take your time reading and have fun."
,Recommended,310360,16701491,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,[SWE]Llesyl~,"Very interesting, and while it was supposed to make me afraid, it mostly made me sad. Not out of disapointment... But...""I'm sorry."""
76561198073865504,Recommended,310360,16769915,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dirac,"Never being a fan of visual novels, I was dubious about this one.  But by the time it was over, I fully understood how powerful a medium this has the potential to be.  I was astonished at how unsettled I felt at certain points in the story, and I felt genuine dread the more things proceeded.It does take a while for the craziness to start; you spend a lot of time with the characters in ordinary daily activities, but this actually serves to solidify your connection to them, making it all the more harrowing when things start going wrong.  So, take your time, get immersed, and you will be in for a thrilling treat.  And at $6, it's a total steal."
76561197966702935,Recommended,310360,16001454,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Sperber,Rosmary's Baby as a Japanese visual novel.Starts out slow but rewards anyone with enough patience to continue reading with a very tense atmospheric horror story at the end.
,Recommended,310360,16062286,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Thot Killler Ochako,Got a needle in my treats my waifu gave me.I love you too baby.
,Recommended,310360,16091518,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Briefcase,Rena did nothing wrong 2k15
76561198065281996,Recommended,310360,16028795,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,heycharlesz,"Purchase this without a second thought when it first came out, best story you will ever get from a visual novel game.11/10"
,Recommended,310360,16030294,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,TheNeoianOne,Des lolis be trying to kill me. 11/10 come at me Oyashiro-sama
76561198000544633,Recommended,310360,16032100,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,PHATJER,"""Higurashi no Naku Koro ni"" is a special kind of visual novel called Sound Novel. All it has are still visuals, music, sfx and the text is written directly on the screen, from top to bottom, instead of the traditional text in a box. It has no choices, no alternate routes or endings. Some people might find that boring, but it isn't. For one, it is very long, It took me 18 hour to finish it and I read very fast. Second, the story is top-notch. You begin a story full of color and joy. Comedy is the main part of the story at the very beginning but all of that changes soon enough. A dark, gritty story emerges and you are plunged into a very in-depth thriller.It is one of my favorite anime/manga series and I am glad we finally have the chance to play the original game it came from in English. With the updated sprites and uncut content."
,Recommended,310360,16032695,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Clocktopus,"First off, it's a visual novel.  There is very little interaction/input from the player.  If that is not what you are looking for, go somewhere else.If you are familiar with the anime series or even if you're not, this intriguing mystery shrouds itself by being super cute.  It just makes the backlash when it snaps you back to the fact that this is a horror series even more telling.It is read like a book, but there are musical cues and small animations that add to it."
,Recommended,310360,16098560,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Mikadoh ONE PUNCH GRILL,"Best visual novel ever. Can't wait for ch.2, I hope we will have some news about it soon.I watched the anime, read the manga and then I saw the game on steam it was an instant buy.English  is not my native language so I spent about 14 hours on it, you may complete it faster! It was worth the price & time :DIF YOU WANT TO HAVE A KAWAII PSYCHOPATHIC/SCHYZOPHRENIC(?) AND FU**ED UP HAREM THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!8/8"
,Recommended,310360,16103791,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,These men are PAWNS!,"It's great, please port the other chapters."
76561198139970478,Recommended,310360,16127073,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,pumpkinhead,I'VE BEEN REALLY TRYIN BABYTRYIN TO HOLD BACK THIS FEELINGFOR SO LONG
,Recommended,310360,16787419,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Come0nletsplay,I had no idea what this game was so i thought it was a cute visual novel. but i was wrong i quickly remembered where i heard that title from and i started to freak out. I love the story but i forgot how easily i frak out wasted $6 dollars on it but i still like it even though i might not play it.
,Recommended,310360,16743026,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,[DW] Rin,Truly a very good game :)
,Recommended,310360,16748197,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Combarsmug,I think it would be better if they had voice acting for the characters but otherwise it is a great re-master of the original VN which follows a similar style to the that of the anime.
76561198039251761,Recommended,310360,16839898,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,LambdaDelta,"As difficult as it can be for an ""alternative"" genre of games to reach the hearts of the western market, if any were to be considered worthy of international release I can think of none more than Higurashi.This is one franchise that I can personally make the promise to each and every one of you that if you take the time and give this title a shot, you WILL feel.  You will feel the joys of success, the *twang* as the tension plucks on your nerves... and lastly, you will feel the sorrow as you peel back the shrouded mysteries of this small community one layer at a time.Let me personally say to every perspective gamer reading this.Welcome to Hinamizawa."
76561198221885772,Recommended,310360,16850165,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,monkeytwoeyes,"There is a rather severe contrast between the updated sprites and the background...but the enhanced music does enhance the experience. I recommend this game because while the improvements are a bit lackluster, it is one of the only ways you can buy the english version legally. And let's not forget that this is Higurashi and this purchase might supports the release plan of the other 13 Higurashi games in Steam."
76561198070380800,Recommended,310360,17210271,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,JoeBob9754,"I would recommend any anime fan to get this game. Expecially anyone who enjoyed the Higurashi anime. I have not finished the game yet, but it was definitely worth buying. Expecially considering the fact that this is the only way I feel like I can support this series I love so much."
,Recommended,310360,17215347,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Scooll5,I have not enjoyed a story as much as I did the first chapter of Higurashi in years.All the twists turns and delightful insanity make the story so fun.I HIGHLY recomend checking out this first chapter psychological romp through a small backwoods village.
76561198068625309,Recommended,310360,18011150,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,oliv0102,"Wonderful. Absolutely wonderful. I loved every single second of it.If you're reading these reviews, if you've come this far already, do yourself a favor and spend the $6. Otherwise, you'll miss out on one of the finest pieces of storytelling in video game history."
76561198050810051,Recommended,310360,18025183,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Spips,"I beat the whole thing without dying.Cutscenes are kinda long, though.9.5/10; waiting for the next chapter!"
,Recommended,310360,16048028,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,zomgtehdarkness,"The graphics are cute, and as a fan of the series I love reliving the feelings of Hinamizawa in even more detail!"
76561198091932325,Recommended,310360,16068647,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Leky,"For those who have never heard of Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni, nothing is sunshine and rainbows for long, you'll learn to either love, hate, or straight up fear some of the characters so have fun. 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,310360,16089331,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,CaptainRyn,"I laughed, I cried, I got paranoid.best described as we start at the Junction of happy and wholesomeness.  we then get on the mystery train on the serious railroad.  we then start an express run to creepyville and scarytown. We take a smoke break at Saddness, and then head on to our final destination of tragedy.one of the best six dollars I have ever spent.  caveat, download the mods if you want to get it with the PS3 graphics look.  adds CGs and other good looking stuff.9/10, can't wait for the next chapter."
,Recommended,310360,16078771,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Wilko,"This is the first Psychological Horror VN I have ever read/played, and I must say that I am pleasantly surprised. I didn't expect to enjoy the storytelling as much as I did. The story is really good at creating a tense, creepy atmosphere and then switching back to an uplifting happy one, and vice-versa. The music is great, and although there are only a handful of tracks they didn't seem to wear thin like a lot of repeating BGM in a lot of other games do. Don't be fooled by the cute artwork in the screenshots, your butt cheeks will be sweaty before you realize what has happened. Take your time reading it, as it's worth every moment. Do NOT trust anyone. I am by no means a conniseur of Visual novels, but recommend this to anyone who likes Visual Novels, and who like tense psychological stories."
,Recommended,310360,20820675,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,MadKiLLz,"One of the best story rich virtual novels here in steam. If you are looking for a good read then you wont regret purchasing this, the story is not that complex and even if you didnt read the manga or watch the anime adaptation, you're still good since this is the beginning of it. Now if you are already a fan of Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni, what are you waiting for? purchase this now before Oyashiro-sama curses you!"
,Recommended,310360,15959308,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,DannyNXT,"It's higurashi, enough said!"
76561198019824478,Recommended,310360,15960266,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Extra Creamy Giggler,"A slightly flawed, but still fine English translation of one of the eeriest visual novels I've ever had the pleasure of reading.To this point I'd only had the chance to read the manga (out of order) and a chunk of the anime, and always wanted a chance to play the visual novel, and out of all the mediums, I think this visual novel, even without the gory imagery of other mediums, does the best job of setting the tone and getting the deepest under my skin.The translation for the most part is fantastic, a wide-vocabulary is used, and for the most part the dialogue bounces off realistically. The jarring tone shifts from light-hearted goofiness to cold horror are handled excellently in this translation. There are some curious choices in using far too many exclamation marks or ellipses during serious moments though, which can detract from the more horror-focused scenes. The writing is colorful, willing to break usual grammatical rules to carry the mood. While it detracted for me personally, I can't stay mad at the translation for taking exceptions to usual rules for the sake of upholding a playful, often melodramatic atmosphere. Nothing is more subjective than writing in horror, especially with a series as unorthodox as Higurashi.There were however, a few typos and a rather unnecessary 'lol' used in conversation which did take me right out of the experience. It was brief, but it's definitely a mood-cutter. Fortunately, these typos are getting patched up pretty quickly so by the time you are reading this there is a good chance that this criticism is null by this point.Buy this visual novel if you have even the slightest interest in psychological and occult horror. You get two forms of sprites to choose from (updated and the original), and steam trading cards if you're into that kind of thing. Achievements as well, which seems silly but hey, at least they went all the way with this game.I look forward to the next chapter!"
,Recommended,310360,15967451,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Baal,"It makes me want to be able to choose, but I can't. It's an amazing game and had two of the first famous Yan characters. I even had a few tear jerking moments. I want to do something, but I can't. This game it tortures me.  No voice actors, just music and the cicadas. I would recommend this to anyone in the genre it is a classic. Oddly it feels like I, as a player, feel connected to a character."
76561198047478015,Recommended,310360,16835909,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Portak,"this game can be summarized by one quote. ""Calm down, Keiichi Maebara"""
76561198119575578,Recommended,310360,16105208,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Blackgalaxyrocker,"Satoko will always be my favorite! Whether you came here because you are a fan of the anime, manga, or just a VN or horror fan, this is a must-have for your collection. It's a sound novel, so it proceeds just like the first couple episodes of the anime. Now, this is Higurashi no Naku Koro ni, not Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kai, so you won't get answers with this one (""Kai"" means answer in this context).I got into Higurashi when I was living in Japan, so this is actually my first experience with an English version. Compared to my Japanese game/anime/manga, this is a wonderful translation. It also has Japanese, if you are studying and feel like practicing.I cannot wait until the next chapter comes out!"
,Recommended,310360,16426797,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Japitnik,"If you like mystery and pretty school girls, I recommend!I think the story is very interesting and slightly creepy. Art is nice (No big boobies unfortunately.)If you are ""scary-kitten"" like me, there are few sudden noises, which may jump-scare you. After a while, you can pretty much guess when loud noises are about to commence.Story: 9/10Art: 8/10Musics & Sounds: 7/10"
,Recommended,310360,16905822,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,dogoroth,"Summary: Surprisingly, much more feeling than the anime.This is the first visual novel I've played, and boy was I surprised!  I'm an anime person rather than a manga person, because I like listening to Japanese voices and watching the gainaxing, among other things.  I expected a visual novel to be a step down from anime, but maybe a step above manga.  I could not be more wrong; playing Higurashi as a visual novel felt much better than watching the anime!  I don't mind that the anime is kinda low budget compared to other popular animes, and I enjoyed it very much.  However, I enjoyed the visual novel much more.  I got more attached to the characters in the visual novel, which made it much more engaging and feelsy.  Also, it is a very different experience playing as Keiichi, rather than watching everyone in the third person.  Reading his every thought is an important part of Higurashi that wasn't as strong in the anime.  My feelings regarding Ooishi were totally different in the visual novel.Having sprites instead of animation does not detract from a story at all.  For Higurashi, it made the characters get under my skin even more.  Anyone who is an anime or manga enthusiast should definitely try this game.  Anyone who likes Amnesia and thinks they might enjoy visual novels shoud also try this game."
76561198077858912,Recommended,310360,16345251,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,common xyz,"I love the Higurashi franchise. I loved the anime, and I loved the game. This is a game that all Visual Novel fans should at least check out.Meet Keichii (or as I lovingly refer to him as Keichii-Kun!!), keichii has moved to the small village of Hinamizawa and everything is going fine for him. He made friends, He's well liked by the village, and he joined a cool school club. Then everything changes when he hears about an incident four years ago. And a series of events slowely turns the very life that keichii once knew upside down.The characters in this story are really well designed in personality (Rena is my favorite :)) and the sound design is pretty good (though there is no fully voice acted characters which honestly would have helped for later scenes involving Rena) there is also plenty of background art too and the new models look very similar to the anime character designs which i consider a plus since its familiar territory.That said, there are only two complaints i have and even then the game does a good job at countering them, one was the lack of a indication as to who was talking (name over the dialogue, colored text, etc.), but what saves this is how each character has a certain style to how they talk, making it easier to figure out who was talking.The other complaint is the lack of CGI, something to help the audience imagine what had actually happened, but the scenes are described so vividely that they would almost feel out of place. Also, having watched the Anime also kinda helps.Seriously though, check this game out, it's only six bucks ;D"
76561198058870831,Recommended,310360,16347460,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sean,"If you enjoy mysteries or visual novels in general, this classic game is a must-have. And with such a low price and an easy-to-mod engine, you'll find yourself with few excuses to NOT buy it."
76561197983987742,Recommended,310360,16323069,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Temari,A must have for anyone who just knows the anime TV series!!
,Recommended,310360,15976559,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Kokoro,11/10 nipahsWould take it home with me
76561198083200132,Recommended,310360,15976785,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Crystal_LeiLani_Gonzalez,If you are a fan of Higurashi No Naku Koro ni then you'll absolutely love this one :)
,Recommended,310360,15978031,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,neilvinson90,"Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni is an excellent visual novel. It combines murder, mystery, and the supernatural into a immersive thought-provoking story. I would recommend this to anyone"
,Recommended,310360,16244897,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Valorian Endymion,"It is difficult to talk about Higurashi without talking about the story itself and believe me you want this with your own eyes, because is a amazing suspense and psychological horror story that will surprise you in ways you didn´t see it coming."
,Recommended,310360,16236610,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,LARamsFan95,"I love the new arts and sprites of this game, that is why i decided to buy and enjoy it."
,Recommended,310360,18782212,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Pepe,"Truly a bone-chilling story that really gets you physiologically connected to the events that are happening over the story. I could feel myself palpitating during the thrilling scenes, and I commend Ryukishi07 for being able to write like that"
,Recommended,310360,18813129,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Chompski,"In both its anime and novel formats I love higurashi, easily one of the best horror/mystery titles around, I never want to cut my fingernails again..."
76561198032086193,Recommended,310360,18804662,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,SeanSpicier,"As someone who has heard a lot about this sound novel series and seen some of it's anime adaptation, I am so far loving this as much as any other game I have played (there are many). The story is set to a great pace, and they don't just dive into the horror aspects right off the bat, like some games. I recommend this game very much, but there are and will be some gripes in my review, and those are mostly with the backgrounds not being updated and the UI not getting a new look. The backgrounds are from the first sound novel and as such give it a nostalgic value (for those who played the first game), it doesn't clash too badly with the new sprites, but updating them would've been nice, to at least match the updated sprites better. The UI is the same UI as the first game, it doesn't really need to be changed functionality wise more so get a cleaner and more modern look, its simple and effective (which I like) but giving it a newer, more polished and cleaner look would've been great. I have heard of a PS3 patch, but i dont like messing with/modding and possibly breaking the game (a far to common problem with New Vegas and other games, though to a different scale, considering this is a sound novel) and no voices are fine with me, it doesn't take away from any of the characters since i havent listened to their anime voices that much nor any of their updated game voices. No complaints about the sprites, love them. Would do the patch for the updated backgrounds, but then i have to do everything else in the patch, which i don't feel like doing. Glad i grabbed it on sale, but $5 maybe $6 max seems like a good price point for this sound novel series, hoping Mangagamer doesn't get too greedy. There are also very minor translation issues, does not take away from the game, but is a nuance when first seen. I would also now like to point out the weird use of censoring later in the game, not in the tips but in the actual dialogue or Monologue.and my time with it is because i keep leaving it open when I sleep xD."
,Recommended,310360,18448855,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Cinderella Cenobite,"Oh god it's strange going through Higurash a second time. All the silly fun bits keep reminding me of the awful things that are going to happen in future arc,. like the Cauliflower/Broccoli thing. It makes the silly joke horrifying, which is of course the whole point of the show/novel/game anyway.But yeah, if you like horror and slice of life anime this is the best thing ever made, sort of a logical inverse of things like Hotel Transylvania or Monster High: It takes slice of life characters and really just ♥♥♥♥s up their day.But yeah everyone should buy it even if you hate those things and, and I'm absolutely not just saying that in the hopes that they put out the rest of Huigurashi and then Umineko."
,Recommended,310360,18338145,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Celisasu,"A port of an old but good visual novel.  It's slow to get started because it spends time developing the characters but the story is an intriguing one.  It's from the mystery/horror genre so take that into account.  Also this is a prologue to the series plus part of the question arc(the story is split into two broad arcs called the question arc and the answer arc with multiple chapters in each arc) meaning that it'll leave you with lots of questions.  Clues are given about the truth but not enough for you to actually resolve it(unless of course you've already seen the anime and/or manga that are based on this game).One thing to note, this is strictly a visual novel, there are no decisions to make in it at all, no minigames, nothing other than a story to read.  Personally I had no problem with that but it could matter to some people."
76561198153174573,Recommended,310360,18689816,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,V27,"Remember, this is straight VN - the only decisions you get are whether to go through the ""tips"" that are just additional information about these cases - so just choose the Auto settings and let it take you away, because the student hijinx at the beginning require a lot of patience. Once you get to the festival, though, get ready for primo creepiness."
76561198066030716,Recommended,310360,19064277,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Raetin,"Pretty late, but this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.  The first hour can be pretty slow and might deter people from continuing, but once it grabs you, it'll be hard to stop reading.  As other reviews said, this is a psychological horror novel.  There actually isn't really any visual gore to be found in this, but the descriptions of horrible acts done + the music give it the perfect atmosphere.  Chapter 2 came out as well, so if you love this, get the second chapter ASAP!This is closer to being a book instead of a game, since you don't actually make any choices.  Buy it for the story, not for gameplay.(I don't have much time playing it here because I played the original crappy translations one, but I plan to play this one again soon.)"
,Recommended,310360,19101607,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Emperor Marcus Awoolius,Praise Ooyashiro-Sama
76561198067896184,Recommended,310360,19117347,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,GreatFisty,I really like this then again I'm a fan of the series in generalI really really enjoyed the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥joke near the start I got so many laughs from itthe art style was great better the originaland the greatest thing about it is Rena Ryuugu
76561197972431515,Recommended,310360,19103827,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,This Is Fine,"Higurashi is a series of twisted twisted mystery novels that will likely each take multiple readings to figure out. Each arc leaves you with more questions than answers! Fortunately for dimmer bulbs such as myself, each novel has an optional epilogue where the characters summarize the events of the mystery for you. However, much like in the game you get the feeling that the characters are still gleefully tossing out red herrings to distract you from the real clues...Normally I try to avoid the horror genre in any format, but I do love psychological thrillers, especially those with occult themes. What's more, this is a series that knows how to play with your emotions - you get to know the characters before everything starts to turn bad. Having read many other VNs, I can say that only one has ever managed to make my blood run cold quite like that moment in this game, Onikakushi, when everything starts to go wrong!A fantastic VN, highly recommended."
76561198061580267,Recommended,310360,15962085,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Almighty VenVen,So immersive it's like a parasite is controlling me...or maybe aliens.
,Recommended,310360,19680942,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,attackonautumn,Higurashi makes you love characters and then forces you to watch them suffer. Enjoy the ride.
,Recommended,310360,19681740,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Koopary,The anime did not scare me. Creeped me out yes but that's it. This however made me lose two weeks of sleep!Play this if you want to have nightmares.
,Recommended,310360,19721681,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Diesel Do,"Welp to put it simply, If you know anything about manga, you've heard of higurashi, I mean seriously you can't swing a dead cat around in the comic store without hearing about it, finding amv's on you tube. exc. about it. So i got curious after like 10 years of hearing about it. I didn't look it up on steam it was a suprise when it popped up. Seeing it I just had to take a chance. It's not really a game now so a little weird to be on steam. But it is AMAZING. Very funny, well writen (at this point while I write this I'm awaiting the curse parts) to put it simply, it's entertaining. If you think it's priced a bit high, keep in mind the price of a paper back. If your a penny pincher then wait for a steam sale, but I don't recomend this, you'll be cheating yourself as well as the people behind the project. If you like visual novels and horrer...this is for YOU! At the time of this reveiw the second installment is out, and I will pay full price for it, (I'm a penny pincher btw, though i didn't wait for a steam sale on the first part, I was that enamoured/curious of the series already.)"
,Recommended,310360,19694086,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,MindfulOcean,"If you like kinetic visual novels (that is, visual novels with just a story and no choices) I recommend you give this one a try.  Although there are several parts that have yet to be released for purchase, having just finished this one, I can confirm that it tells a complete story.  Engrossing and well worth the money."
,Recommended,310360,19856538,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Hatsune Niku,One of my favorites sagas of visual novels finally hit Steam... It's a must play if you are a VN entusiast.
,Recommended,310360,20283395,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Red Dragon Empress,Fantastic linear Visual Novel! Definitely worth the money~
,Recommended,310360,17777177,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Jakkubus,"Even though I watched anime and I know how it ends, it's still thrilling. 10/10"
76561198056070051,Recommended,310360,20269862,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,GrandpappyPedro,3spooky5me
,Recommended,310360,20262553,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheSpyroFan12,"Higurashi Onikakushi chapter may not have a long story, but it does have an interesting one that you'll want to finish. It is a horror/mystery, so there are dark themes in this game - YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!STORY:-May be Spoilers! - again, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNEDThe story has a slow start (kind of) but definitely speeds up before the halfway mark.It focuses on Keiichi Maebara, a 16-year old student who has moved to the rural village of Hinamizawa with his parents due to his father's work as an artist. After living there for about a month, Keiichi has gotten used to the life there with his new friends: Rena Ryuugu, Mion Sonozaki, Satoko Houjou, and Rika Furude. While everything appears normal with the village at first, Keiichi learns from a visiting photographer, Tomitake, about some mysterious murders which occur each year. What makes it even stranger is that Rena and Mion, when asked about it, deny the existance of them. Days pass and the anual Cotton Drifting (Watanagashi) festival approaches, and Keiichi finds out from Tomitake and and a friend of his that the murders are supposedly tied to a curse from the village's god, Oyashiro-sama.Following the festival, Keiichi is visited by a police detective, Ooishi, who alerts to him aboutthe death of Tomitake, and the disappearance of his friend. Keiichi is told that this is a result of the curse, and is warned by Ooishi that he could be next. Although skeptical at first, Keiichi begins to become paranoid about his surroundings, and begins to become suspicious of Rena and Mion, who begin acting strangely.What will happen to Keiichi? Are Rena and Mion up to something? Is the curse real? Will I stop asking all these questions? Find out the answer to all of them (except the last one) in this chapter!ART AND SOUND:It is worth mentioning that all the character sprites that appear in the game have been redesigned by MangaGamer, however you can switch between the original and new sprites if you wish. The sprites from the Playstation versions can be used through use of mods, although I personally don't see anything wrong with botht he old and new sprites. All of the backgrounds and music remain the same as the original, and that I find is good, as it helps preserve the feel that the sound novel is supposed to give.One part I am disappointed with is that there are no CG images used, unlike most visual novels. Some parts of the game would be better with CG images in my opinion, and it confuses me as to why MangaGamer didn't include any, considering they went through the effort to redesign the character models. If you wish to view CG images, I believe there is a patch that adds in the ones from the Playstation versions, although the game is still good without them.OTHER NOTES:The story takes roughly 10 hours or so to finish, which is short compared to many visual novels. This is due to that this is only chapter 1 of the game. For the complete story, there are 8 chapters, 4 question arcs and 4 answer arcs. At the time of writing this review, only the first two chapters are released (Onikakushi and Watanagashi), with chapter 3 currently being translated. More games are on their way, although they don't affect the main story.RATING:Buy and Play. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,310360,20111484,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Xperimance,"One of the best Visual Novels out there that doesn't rely on cheap fan service. The writing is superb that you cannot help but fall in love with the characters and world around them...that is until all hell breaks loose. At the heart of it all, Higurashi is a very tragic tale that keeps you second guessing everything happening around you."
,Recommended,310360,19953601,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Navimorph,family friendly it's fun for everyone
76561198027568081,Recommended,310360,20133835,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DO YOU REMEMBER LINGERIE,"A cute anime sound novel in which you romance cute girls and get to enjoy everyday village life! It's sweet, funny, and heart-warming. I'm so glad it's come to Steam finally!Looking forward to playing the updated Steam version of the sequel where you get to explore the characters of two twin sisters who run their own nail salon!e: hahaha lol @ nerds crying about this being at a poor adaptation of the anime. do u even Higurashi"
,Recommended,310360,23425081,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Labrynthus,"The visual novel of the first anime series i ever experienced from start to finish, naturally i'm a bit biased towards the series but I know an unbelievable amount of people can back me up when I say Higurashi is a masterpiece of story telling, suspense, mystery, and friendship. It makes me happy that the series is now available to a fresh audience here on steam, and I will no doubt buy every chapter for myself, and chapters for my friends as well. If you ever only play one visual novel in your life, you cannot possibly go wrong with Higurashi."
,Recommended,310360,23972322,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,fish sticks,"Colonel Sanders Statue/10On a more serious note though, pick this game up. Has enough kawaii desu to satisfy the weeaboo/ otaku trash in all of us (me included) and enough plot and atmosphere to satisfy all the others."
,Recommended,310360,15876042,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Boku Man,"A cute visual novel about a rural town where you meet nice friends like the lovely Rena Ryug... Wait, is that a hatchet she's holding while smiling eerily?*ten minutes later*Can't sleep, Rena will kill me, can't sleep, Rena will kill me, can't sleep, Rena will kill me..."
,Recommended,310360,15904473,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Tartix,"Ah yes, the classic Higurashi series! Even though I already now the story, I just have to experience it in its raw form - a sound novel!! Nipaaaah!"
,Recommended,310360,15859992,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Lumia,"One of the best Visual Novels re-launched on steam with new character art, who would say no to that?Chilling story, great art and great sounds. Can't wait for chapter 2!"
,Recommended,310360,15905334,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Ninini,LIAR!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,310360,15906001,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Sgrim,"The story for this game is amazing, it starts out as the generic ♥♥♥♥♥♥ new guy in town anime plot, but trust me it gets good and dark. FAST. Get this game and support more good visual novels on steam.-ProsAmazing StoryLikeable characters (after a while)A hard to find game finally on steamIncredibly creepy/disturbing momentsGood soundtrack-ConsMinor translation errorsno PS2 sprites optianIn short.BUY THIS"
76561198041894080,Recommended,310360,15906838,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,BlueberryHeadcrab,9999999999/10 would Nipaaaaaaaa again.
,Recommended,310360,15910415,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,AlyGames,"As someone who has watched the anime and read the first four manga volumes, this is still worth the 6 bucks! The artwork is beautiful and the music is catchy (even though it gets a bit on my nerves a little bit XD). I'm playing/reading it on my channel and it's weird because I know what'll happen, but I'm still anxious to see how it all plays out. Definitely worth the buy, and can't wait for chapter 2!"
,Recommended,310360,15905025,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Yolocvist,can't wait for the next chapter :D
,Recommended,310360,16684178,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,JiNXeD,"As an avid fan of the Higurashi series, having read the entire original visual novel and having watched the anime adaptation twice, I can most definitely recommend this masterpiece of a story to anyone who likes a well-written and deep mystery story combined with horror and a fantastic atmosphere and suspense!The story is gripping and exciting, making you eagerly wait for what's coming up next, and urging you to find out an explanation for all of the creepy and terrifying events that keep teasing you with their ambiguous meanings. The characters are well-written and really make you sympathize with them. They really elicit some real emotions out of you, especially if you're immersed, which the story's atmosphere itself delivers very well! The way the story builds a bond between you and the characters works really effectively especially when things start to get sinister, as such, it starts out all nice and slow but keeps you intrigued with bits and pieces of creepy foreshadowing events at a good pace, and gets increasingly screwed up the more you get into it! It finishes in a way that really makes you want more and look eagerly forward to the next chapter.Give it a read and immerse yourself in the mysterious, frightening and thrilling story of Higurashi - When They Cry!"
,Recommended,310360,16693247,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,☭ａｎｉｍｅ☭,I am glad that I am finally reading Higurashi! It's as good as I expected. But now I have to wait a thousand years for chapter 2.... :|
,Recommended,310360,16694483,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Nigerian Prince,"10/10 sound, 3spoopy5me"
76561198055884388,Recommended,310360,16782169,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Kekpra demon,"[as of typing still have not finished it, afew chapters left but I already know the ending.]Higurashi does not ♥♥♥♥ around from the start.It makes things clear that its NOT your average slice of life with potatoe girls.The begining is jarring. Like what if Ore Monogatari started with a NTR scene.It does not say explicitly what is going on ""Who is dead, why, how.""All you get is touching retrospect of the departed capitalized by the swift THWACK.The story can be slow to start but it has alot of quality of life improvements to help with pacing.I ♥♥♥♥ing love the tips system. It gives you extra backstory and explanations separate from the main story.Sometimes aluding to future events to get you filling in the horrible blanks.Not stuff I would skip but if your going for a 2nd reading it will save you abunch of time.Your gang of friends at school are well rounded if slightly.. off?Before the festival kicks off there are these little things in dialoge that seem wrong.And not like a botched translation I mean certain ways your friends talk can be abit uncanny.Theres this weird dark undertone that seeps into everything.Even when the story has some downtime and releases some tension it never goes all the way back down.The longed I read the more often I had to take a break, its not something you should binge.That kinda leads back into the hook of the story.If that start was not there, the THWACK, the thoughts of suicide..How many people would have finished the story?Its not just ""HAY THIS IS HORROR."" but ""Get yourself a healthy tolerance for paranoia because we are gonna ride til the wheels fall off.""10/10 Please give me a release date on the next chapter."
76561198120993683,Recommended,310360,17254978,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,bunnymistressaya,"Being a huge 07 Expansion fan, my view is probably biased. Which means I love it. The updated translation is better (I have the original copy by manga gamer too) and of course the updated sprites are better as well. But I am glad I can still switch to the old art (I have a weird fondness for it!) This is the 2nd run through of the game (as well as watching the anime 3 times and reading the manga once) it is still great!"
76561198166189278,Recommended,310360,17258923,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,pellegreene,"People say that this game starts off slow That's true. However the slow start is what makes this so terrifying. For maximum effect, get some noise blocking headphones and turn off all the lights. Then proceed to enjoy."
76561198048394982,Recommended,310360,17083581,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Trickool,"play the game, read the manga, watch the show. yes"
,Recommended,310360,17085769,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Frostflame,"Late review of the game since I picked it up the second day, but here goes. This is the first chapter of a total of 12 chapters of the Higurashi no Naku koro Ni series. Comparing this to the anime, this is better in so many ways. I don't read manga (sorry) but the anime version of Higurashi is my favorite one so far, which means I've put quite a lot of thought behind this. Examples of why this is better than the anime is because of details. In the anime you get to know what the characters do and don't and such. In the visual novel you experience what they experience, you feel the emotions of the characters, you experience the story in a different way. I recommend this game if you want to get a new experience, a new story to read or just simply try something completely new. 9/10"
,Recommended,310360,15849928,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,j i n . 3 2 2 $,"In this game, the lolis kills you"
,Recommended,310360,16015022,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Chameleon Dude,It looked like Colonel Sanders was lodged in there pretty firmly.
76561198128145307,Recommended,310360,16016005,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Shotgun Señorita,10/10 only the higurashi know.Would you like to hear about our lord and savior Oyashiro-sama?
76561197995269013,Recommended,310360,16017171,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,ioshaf,An absolutely beautifully writen visual novel that is not quite what it seems
,Recommended,310360,16018768,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,kelsini,"A delightful story about the magic of friendship and axes.Can't wait for the next part, which promises to be even more uplifting!"
,Recommended,310360,16019942,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,TasteofEnvy,"I'm a little bias, since I love the manga and anime series so much.However, that being said, I still LOVE the visual novel.  I played the original, so the updated graphics are very nice.  The only thing that annoys me so far is that they completely left out the main character's sprite, thus focusing completely on the girls... it's a bit sexist, bu you can't blame the visual novel for that (just those that remade it).I usually hate visual novels that don't give you choices or alternate endings... they're just boring.  And I'll admit, I wasn't too keen on the original Higurashi VN to start with because of that very reason.... but the story is SO good! There are some things in the visual novel that the anime and manga don't have, so it's nice to play through.  And hey, I've heard this story 100 times... and i""m still not bored with it!I believe HIgurashi is a treasure of a VN, and I highly recommend it to any anime fan.... or even to those who like horror mixed with mystery."
,Recommended,310360,16757774,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,blanche,a small town practicing weird rituals... what could go wrong :DWho needs a metal bat if Rena can bring an Axe.
76561198025829255,Recommended,310360,28005000,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Akire,"Fell head over heels for this story after watching the anime years ago.Now that the visual novels are being translated and released on Steam, I'm savouring each chapter - this scenic village, my deceptively kawaii groups of friends, Mr. Delicious, those ambient cicadas, the pitter-patter of invisible footsteps . . . . oishii.  Even if you've watched the series, there's still more to learn.  So far, I've gotten answers to a few questions that were nagging at me from the anime; likewhy all of the students have different uniforms.If you've never experienced Higurashi, you'll be surprised to say the least.  But mostly you'll be perplexed and craving ""the why"" of it all as you stumble through the carnage.  Highly recommended if psychological horror is your thing and you don't mind visual novels."
,Recommended,310360,27639120,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kuma,If you like a mysterious story then Higurashi definitely is something for you.Just remember that the first 4 Chapters (all obtainable in English on Steam) are so called Question-Arcs so the most questions you get will be solved in the 4 Answer-Chapters after them.Still you should get a hand on this Chapters as fast as you can already. :D
,Recommended,310360,33219738,Posted: 4 July,all,rbargholz,"AMAZING. Loving that this is the prologue, clocking in 34 hours on one chapter is fantastic, heaps to dig into and think about. There's a community mod which adds in VA but personally it got a bit grating. The updated PS3 backgrounds are nicer than the watercolor style that comes stock though.10/10 opening for a larger story."
,Recommended,310360,33312567,Posted: 6 July,all,Nyaa★,So good. Especially with this mod:https://github.com/07th-mod/guide/wiki
76561198390215587,Recommended,310360,32011347,Posted: 27 May,all,Holo Farmskins.com,"I have played the games before and they are probably the best visual novels out there. In short, this series is a must if you like visual novels!"
76561198262862967,Recommended,310360,32527053,Posted: 17 June,all,chocohellokitty,This game was amazing. I loved the anime and manga but this was the icing on the cake. The beautiful soundtrack plus the scenery and the wonderful text really pulls you in. I'm already on Watanagashi (Arc 2) after purchasing the 5 chapter bundle a week ago. It's so worth it.
,Recommended,310360,27617417,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Celsius ✘ Raspberry,"Great story and series. Highly recommended, I haven't really played this but I watched the play through on YouTube and bought because I wanted to support the creators ."
,Recommended,310360,28731629,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gucci Gundam,lol never thought that i would jump from reading a visual novel
,Recommended,310360,29021372,Posted: 4 January,all,Vakiuzo,"the game that started the ""Higurashi Laugh"" meme.10/10"
76561198004386713,Recommended,310360,28986662,Posted: 3 January,all,Warheads on Foreheads,"I was somewhat familiar with this series, but I still got a lot out of this first chapter. What starts as a cute slice-of-life story in a small town delves into paranoia, murder, and the supernatural. Despite it's low-tech presentation, it gets engrossing and terrifying. Although it's not a choose-your-own-adventure like other visual novels, it's still the length of a novel and satisfying to read. 4spoops out of 5."
76561197965745106,Recommended,310360,29121798,Posted: 8 January,all,The Ghostface Kza,The changes in music and higurashi peaking and stopping really lends a lot to the story. As someone who has read the manga and watched the anime it was great getting new content and using this source material to clarify reality from perception.
,Recommended,310360,28826015,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,LostLyn,"It was a good read and I definitely want to continue reading the Higurashi series. I was creeped out more times than once and I also liked the music even though it's sometimes a bit repetitive. The characters are likeable. The story doesn't fail to surprise you. I liked reading this VN better than watching the anime, probably because I had time to myself to think things through. The VN also explains some things better than the anime, so that you can get a bigger picture. I kind of wish there would be voice acting to this though, but it works just fine like this as well."
76561198112008513,Recommended,310360,28824924,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,꺄아아아,I love it.
,Recommended,310360,27957725,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xenovista,"If you've seen the anime then you should already know what to expect plotwise. What makes the original story so terrifying is that you spend all this time building a connection to these characters, only for it all to spin wildly out of control. Really a phenomenal parable for real life in that regard. No one is what they appear on the surface. People are savages that will just as quickly cut your throat as give you a band-aid to stop the bleeding.What disappoints me is that this is a straight up visual novel. No branching paths, no game really. Just reading a story. I would only get these on sale."
,Recommended,310360,31200354,Posted: 17 April,all,mastermack0,One of the greatest VN's ever. I was first exposed by reading the manga and decide to try out the Visual Novel. And it was AMAZING. The heartwarming friendly moments are great and the horror suspenseful moments are also amazing. Definitely worth grabbing.I'd recommend getting the free voice patch and maybe the PS3 CG additions as well. Takes a few minutes to patch in but it's worth it.
76561198119191284,Recommended,310360,31270632,Posted: 21 April,all,Dark Abyss of Rainbows,"Higurashi is simply one of the best series I've had the pleasure to experience. I first found the anime (subbed) and have finally started the vnovals, and the show was amazing but just about done with onikakushi and I can say I'm even more enthralled then ever. Even knowing the outcome I find the greater details of the novels to be more then enough to experience the series over again. if you seen the show first doesn't mean you know everything, honestly this series is a masterpiece. Worth a read no matter what."
,Recommended,310360,31534285,Posted: 3 May,all,naschelleresc,Always recomend this to people digging into visual novels for the first time.
,Recommended,310360,31418774,Posted: 28 April,all,Cherrika,"I'm not really the type who will rewatch something if released on a different platform (such as if I read the book of a series, but not bothered to rewatch the remake that was made into a film...or the other way around) but when I found out about the visual novel adaption was release on Steam, despite to have watched the anime, I found myself eager to read it, and thank god I did! (or...*cough*Oyashiro-sama!)But...oh my...The suspense, the questions that continously circled my mind, doubting myself at any possible moment, the fact that anything could happen at any given moment kept me always on the look out. It was as if I was rediscovering things all over again, and, also learning new things along the way.And the ending...Jesus...I was praying they wouldn't find it...>:(PS. Brb, my neck feels kinda itchy lolol....I wonder why...."
,Recommended,310360,34226301,Posted: 13 August,all,Plagioclase,"This series is bloody brilliant. Scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, but bloody brilliant nonetheless.As an aside, it's also great for those learning Japanese because of the ease of switching between Japanese and English translations."
