user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198029820133,Recommended,310490,17798613,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,hugin_84,"A fun little game, reminds me a bit of Commandos (minus the violence).Pro:- pretty good auto-save system, you usually only lose a few seconds- can be paused to plan and synchronize actions- each character has unique skills- 70s!Contra:- consumables can partially replace unique skills- you cannot bring the whole team to a mission- occasional stutter when unpausing or assigning actions to waypoints- AI behaves stupid in some cases- loading times are bad (OK for initial level loading, but too long for savegame in the same level)"
,Recommended,310490,23540070,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"Crookz – The Big Heist is a game about a group of trained thieves, as the game title implies. The game introduces you to six professional crooks who were betrayed by their boss and ended up in jail. Upon release from prison, the crew reunites and is bent on exacting revenge against their traitor. The game is a tactical stealth strategy game played from a third person isometric perspective. Each heist mission begins with a preview of what the venue for the upcoming heist looks like. You choose four of six members of your crew, buy tools from the workshop from your income earned from previous missions. There are some members who must be used for certain heists, but you get to choose the other members according to their unique skills.The brains of the crew is a female who runs like the wind and can hide in floor hatches. Other members include a professional locksmith, a contortionist who can crawl through vents to reach other areas of a venue much faster than walking, a technician who can turn off security cameras and manipulate switchboxes, a muscleman/pro wrestler who can knock out guards, and a robot that can be cloak in front of cameras and guards. Although the brains of the crew is fast and stealthy, I used her less than I thought I would, especially as the missions became more complex since her skills were not as useful as the skills of the other crew members.There are 18 missions in the main story set in San Francisco, CA in the 1970s with lots of funky music. The missions begin in a straightforward manner, teaching you how to unlock doors using your professional locksmith or find the proper key throughout the mission. The missions become more complex since there are more doors that can only open by finding the proper switches and there are laser barriers protecting the rooms. There are switches that open doors in the immediate area, but at the same time close doors in other areas. These intricacies require you to move your crooks so that they end up separated from each other. For example, you may have one crook toggle a switch to open a door while another crook is in separate room toggling a different switch to open another door. The game is designed to be very slow paced and you will have to pause many times so that you can execute commands to each crook by marking waypoints. Venues for heists include a museum, a mansion, the Federal Reserve bank, and the famous San Quentin prison. The crew actually plans to get arrested on purpose at the end of one mission that leads to a mission in which they must escape from the prison. Each mission ends with a score and how much “heat” you picked up. Any heat will result in bribe money to be deducted from your earnings.The use of commands and waypoints is part of the game interface. The interface is pretty easy to learn, although it took a little time for me to learn the basics in the beginning. There is a context sensitive menu that you can use to make a crook use his/her specialized skill. In the case of the locksmith, you can right click on a security/steel door to bring up the menu that displays a key to indicate that he can lockpick that door. It is important to know each crook’s skills in order to choose them properly for a specific heist mission. This require a lot of planning before the mission begins. The planning phase also includes a look at the locations of the guards and their patrol routes. Therefore, the planning phase in this game provides ample opportunity for you to know how to approach a heist mission. You can also see the vision cones for each guard and camera so that you know when you can be detected.There are useful tools that you can find in each mission and they can be purchased from the workshop. Tools include blowtorches to open safes and steel doors, dynamite to destroy to cracked walls, noise emitters to distract guards, and door blockers that can cement doors to trap guards in a room. Some missions have enough tools of a certain kind such as keys and crowbars, so that would allow you to choose a crook that would not include a locksmith. I think that skill for skill the locksmith was the most reliable crook of the crew because of his ability to unlock doors. The game requires access to many different rooms.Completing main story missions unlocks challenges and there are ten of them. Challenges are based on some of the venues from the main story, but are all on a timer. You will have to complete the main objective, then head for the exit before time runs. One challenge begins with each crook in separate rooms and they must find a way to help each other reach the exit. This requires some serious puzzle solving with doors, barriers, cameras and guards. The challenges made my brain work so much since they require quicker coordination than main story missions and there is less margin for error.The save system is one that is uncommon for games of today. You can save wherever you want and whenever you want. The game also seems to auto save every few seconds. However, there are technical problems with save files. There were times when I tried to load the game, but it would crash to my desktop. There were also times when I tried to manually save the game, but I would receive notification that an error occurred. These technical issues were more apparent when playing the challenges.I would conditionally recommend Crookz because it is designed to be a slow paced, tactical stealth strategy game and it is a decent one. If you like tactical strategy games that require a lot of pausing before issuing commands to multiple characters I would recommend it. If you like fast paced games that don’t require much pausing, you may want to consider another game. In essence, it comes down to your taste in game genre.My Score: 7/10"
76561198083922786,Recommended,310490,31474923,Posted: 30 April,all,slr,I really like this game..The plus:- nice voices- cool art and detailed maps- good control and gui enhancementsThe only bad thing is:- the storyline is a bit unrealistic- some minor bugsThe biggest issue is that is seem to have a memory leak.. after some time game gets slow and does not load anymore.After restarting the game eveything is ok again.
76561198006777240,Recommended,310490,18111888,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,brooklyncontrivance,"This game has gotten zero buzz and very little attention, but that's a shame because this is honestly a great real-time-and-pause tactical squad game reminiscent of classics of the genre like Commandos. Gameplay is challenging but never impossible, and there are almost always multiple ways to achieve your goals within the missions.The 70s vibe is pretty good (aside from some glaring anachronisms, if you're old enough to notice them), the soundtrack is solid, and the graphics, while nothing stellar, are clean and crisp. The writing is definitely on the weak side, and unfortunately much of the voice acting is pretty horrible. But those are the only faults I can find with this title."
76561197969417125,Recommended,310490,20794804,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,G00N3R,"Crookz is a strategy game with some light stealth elements, where the player takes control of a gang of career criminals who are trying to pull off a series of heists, with the ultimate goal of stealing a valuable artefact called the Luna Stone.Each heist starts with a briefing where your crew explains the mission objectives and gives advice on how to complete them. You can see a detailed map of the building, complete with guard patrol routes and vision cones, plus the locations of security cameras, laser sensor alarms and locked doors.Most heists allow you to bring four out of the six available crew members, each of whom have their own unique skills. There's a specialist lockpicker, a thug who can temporarily knock out guards (you can't kill anybody) and punch through weak walls, a technician who can disable electronic security devices, a contortionist who can squeeze through air vents, a runner who can move much faster than everyone else, and one other who I won't mention because of story spoilers.You can also find items during a heist, or buy them during the planning stage, that can allow non-specialists to perform certain actions. For example crowbars will let anyone open a locked door, and anyone can KO guards by using chloroform. Other items that I found really useful include noise makers which can draw guards out of position, and door blockers (basically some kind of industrial strength super glue) that can trap guards in a room so they don't interrupt you later.Map layouts are really intelligently designed to allow multiple solutions, by bringing different team members and using different items. Once you start the heist, the action is in real time, but you can pause to issue commands. You can save at any time and there are frequent auto saves, so if you make any mistakes they're easy to undo.Crookz' biggest weakness - and I seem to be saying this about alot of games lately - is that the AI is dumb as a brick. If a guard sees one of your people they will chase after them, and if they catch them its an instant mission failure. However, if you can break line of sight, the guard will go to the last place they saw you, look around for a few seconds, say something like ""must have been my imagination"", and just go back to their normal patrol route. They won't keep searching or alert the other guards.And as long as the guards don't actually see your people, they won't react to alot of suspicious situations. They don't care about most doors opening and closing before their eyes, or laser grids shutting off unexpectedly. There was one heist where a guard heard me use dynamite to blow up a weak wall, they came running over to investigate, but I had just enough time to get out of sight. He examined the massive hole in the wall for a few seconds, shrugged his shoulders and went back to his normal route. On another heist I KO'd one awkwardly placed guard half a dozen times as I travelled back and forth across the level, and he never called for backup, or raised the alarm. I can also remember one time I trapped a guard in a room, he was banging on the door calling for help, another guard walked past the door and just ignored it. I actually started to feel bad for exploiting their stupidity.Heists are linked together by a fairly decent story, although they tried to make too many jokes with the dialogue that I didn't really find very funny. It took me 24 hours to complete the game and there are some additional challenge modes that I haven't tried yet. Controls work fine with mouse and keyboard and the only bug that I can remember was when I tried to order my lockpick guy to use a door blocker on a locked door, the only option I was given was to pick the lock, which I didn't want to do. I had to give the door blocker to another team member and have them use it.Overall Crookz is a fun game which rewards tactical planning, and I think its worth playing, although hardcore stealth fans might find it a bit too casual."
76561198024969911,Recommended,310490,22757951,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Yendor,"I give this a thumbs-up with some reservations.It is an under-rated game in that there is a surprising lack of players for what is a competent (but sadly not exceptional) stealth game.One thing that Crookz does very well is having a planning stage, where you can watch the guards patrol and examine the level in detail prior to picking a team and initial equipment to tackle it. This changes the feel of the game somewhat: Instead of a scrappy sneaky thief making things up as you go along, you are a master criminal crafting and then executing a devious master plan. Or something like that anyway.You have several characters with mutually exclusive skills only some of which can come with you. In practice however, you almost certainly need the only character who can pick locks, the only character who can cut cameras, and the only character who can take out [most] guards. Item choices can partially mitigate this, but once you have found a team that fits your style, the other characters aren't really involved much.The other big drawback to the game is that the skill development is not terribly exciting. For example, one character can sneak through light barriers. Except later on the higher security complex have laser barriers instead. Except that later on, your character gets a new skill allowing her to sneak through laser barriers as well. Yawn.There are some challenge levels that are much harder -- and force you to use a particular set of team members and equipment. However, I did not have enough interest to want to continue once I completed the main campaign.Overall, a decent game. But not an exceptional one. I bought it on sale, and suggest you do too."
,Recommended,310490,24954083,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,introspXtion,"Man! The only crook is me for buying this game on sale for just under $5. Crookz is definitely worth the full price. Strategy and timing is the key to getting your hands on the goods. It's fun, clever and funkier than my afro, ya dig?★★★★★★★★★✰"
76561198006619832,Recommended,310490,19925866,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Lex,Great game. I missed something like the old Clue/Sting games. Planning heists with style. The world needs more of those.I won't waste my time on some long review because there is a free demo anyway. Try it out.
,Recommended,310490,24912569,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,madsny,"8.5/10** GREAT GAME **Hilariously funky puzzle game with high production value and replay-ability.Crookz is pretty much what the title implies, you control 2-4 bandits in a turnbased 'slash' realtime environment, pause the game whenever you feel like it, give your Crookz walk, pause and action commands and lean back to enjoy the show, if your plan fails, jump in and quickly adjust or take over all together, it's up to you and works like a charm. The controls in Crookz are very well done, never in your way and quickly to learn, which means your more likely to return for a quick level of CrookzPlaying Crookz is like being in a Austin powers and shaft movie, full of funky tunes and cleaver remarks, Graphics and audio are great and matches then 70's funky style very well, you really feel the countless of hours art directors, musicians, designers, artists and animators have put into this game. Cut scenes are great, funny and engaging, if cut scenes is not your thing, you may skip them without getting lost in your mission. In-game graphics are great, smooth, well balanced with a groovy atmosphere, the artists even made sure, your able to disgusting active and passive objects from each other, this may seem as an obvious choice, but too often down prioritized or forgotten all together, a bad example of this is ""12 is better than 6"", nice little game but hard to play due to it's black and white pallet.Gameplay is fun, engaging, mind-boggling with many different solutions and paths to victory, the levels are very well balanced, doing my play, i felt challenged, inspired but never lost or stuck, which is quite an achievement.Replay-ability is high, i often revisited a level just to try out a new angle to beat my time and get that forgotten briefcase with cash, i can't wait to drop back in to finish the game.Downsides:i honestly don't have that much bad to say about Crookz, if your into a casual laid back stealth game this would be one for you, that said, i do have one serious grudge with Kalypso the published, in my version of the game, the Crookz launched is basically one giant and confusing advertisement for ""Grad ages medieval"", at first i thought steam had installed the wrong game, on top of that the ask you to login or signup to something you don't have a clue about, very aggressive and confusing, i have to say it out loud, Kalypso your an♥♥♥♥♥and i'll rate you 1/10."
,Recommended,310490,25019945,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,stronzio,"Crookz - The Big Heistis one of those games that you have absolutely never have heard of, until one day you randomly stumble upon them, usually during some sale, and then wonder why the hell you didn't know anything about before.Well, as you may have guessed this is, in my opinion, a great game. They say that good things come in small packages: this game isn't huge but surely jam packed with good features! It does everything right: has very classy 70's/funky vibe and style, excellent arts and music, great characters (plus great voice acting) and an enjoyable storyline.Gameplay-wise It's a real thinking man's title, an excellent blend of puzzle and strategic approach: you have to carefully plan your mission ahead during the appropriate phase and choose your team/tools accordingly. If you miss or don't adequately consider something you'll have to find other solutions on the field and I liked this challenge so much that more than once I almost ""skipped"" the planning phase and threw myself into action.I'm around the 10 hours mark and I haven't finished the main storyline yet (plus I haven't touched ""challenge mode"" at all for now), so i'd say that it's also a good bang for your buck in terms of longevity, especially if you can get it on sale.Let me say that these days I rarely get hooked to a game to the point that I find myself playing for many hours straight, progressing through each mission and the storyline with some real interest... This happened to me with this title. The fact that I'm not seeing many reviews, along with me not knowing anything about this game until some days ago, makes me guess that it didn't perform too well.Let me say that it definitely deserveswaaay moooorelove... So don't be a crook, buy it!"
,Recommended,310490,17918668,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Keyrock,"tl;dr version: Do you remember games like Commandos and Desperados?  Did you like those games?  If you answered yes to both those questions then this game is for you.Full review: Crookz is an isometric, real time with pause, tactical stealth game set in the 70s that follows the exploits of a group of professional thieves.Pros:* 70s setting* 70s style funk soundtrack* Strong tactical gameplay* Missions play out differently depending on your chosen team members and tools you brought with you* Great difficulty curve* Elegant and user friendly UI* Game autosaves every 30 or so secondsCons:* Less than stellar visuals* Mediocre writing* Enemy AI is a bit too easy to exploit* Rare pathing issuesCrookz plays a bit like the old Commandos and Desperados games, except even less combat focused.  The idea is to break into a facility, steal or plant something, take any other goodies you can along the way, and get out without being caught.  To achieve this you have a team of thieves, each with their own unique skills.  Most of the time you can't bring the whole team along, so you much choose carefully who to bring for the job.  There are tools available which can make up for skills you lack, covering areas that other teammembers that got left behind would have taken care of, but these tools are consumable (1 use) and you have very limited inventory space.One of the best things about this game is how good the UI is.  You can pause the game at any time and give out a set of instructions to your team members, including multiple waypoints and multiple commands at each waypoint.  Furthermore you can delete any individual command at any waypoint or any individual waypoint and the game will connect the remaining waypoints for you, making adjusting plans on the fly rather user friendly.The game starts out very easy with rather straightforward missions and easy to bypass security.  Missing skills can be easily accounted for with tools found in the levels themselves or by taking a different approach.  The game difficulty definitely ramps up though and the missions get more and more complicated and it become almost impossible to cover all bases with team member skills and tools, so you have to improvise in some areas to get past obstacles.  The missions have some replayability to as you can go back to them later when you have access to other team mebers and skills at your disposal (each character has multiple skills that unlock as the story progresses) and try to beat your previous best score.There is also a challenge mode with particularly difficult missions that you need to attempt with specific team members and tools on hand.  These can be real tricky.For the most part, pathing is pretty good, though once in a long while weird issues arise, like a character trying to take the long way around through a hole in the wall when there's an open door right in front of them.  These can be worked around by doing smaller steps with your waypoints and happen quite rarely.  Also, the enemy AI seems a little too easy to exploit and to get away from when they spot you.  You need to be able to exploit the enemy AI to some degree to get past some obstacles, but it seems a bit too easy to trick them or lose them when they pursue you.Overall, this is a game I very much enjoy playing.  The gameplay is really solid and the game can get quite challenging with a lot of moving parts to try to keep track of and complicated security systems to try to bypass.  If you're looking for a tactical stealth game then you owe it to yourself to try this game out."
76561198088626286,Recommended,310490,17765757,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Fall of the Republic,"I am pleased I bought this game as it is challenging and fun to play, with 18 missions in the campaign and a seperate challenge mode where you race the clock with a predetermined team and set of tools.The missions start off easy to allow you to learn the game mechanics, then it gets more difficult which requires more planning and time to think which makes the pause and plan feature come in handy.There are six characters to choose from all with unique skills, for example there is the acrobat who can slip through vents and laser barriers and a electronics expert who can disable security systems. The characters can form a maximum team size of 4 which you can decide on in the planning phase to decide your favoured approach as there are many methods to complete the jobs. It is possible to complete the heists with any team combo with the use of tools found on the mission map itself and the choice of three tools for each character you can decide on and carry from the planning phase.Your job is to steal something or setup conditions to make the next heist possible. There is a ""heat meter"" for gauging how many times the guards and cameras have spotted you which should you max out will end the mission, the heat meter can be lowered by using a tool on a camera security box if the meter gets too high.Guards are either stationary or on a route which you can observe through the use of a hotkey, you can either sneak past them by avoiding their cone of vision, distract them away from their route or knock the guard out with your thug or other character who has the chloroform tool if possible. Some guards can not be knocked out.There are plenty of tools and tactics which allow for a creative solution to each heist and I am giving this game a thumb up as I am enjoying the experience."
,Recommended,310490,24972516,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,FordGT90Concept,"Think Monaco with the ability to control up to four characters and the ability to pause on demand.  That said, this game made me think, plan, and strategize a lot more than I expected.The only thing I didn't like about it is that it crashed, saw more than a few bugs, and one of the challenge maps it is impossible to get all treasures on.  They appear to have stopped patching this game a long time ago so there's little hope of them getting fixed.  These issues (except the last) are offset by the fact it saves every 30 seconds so you can generally just go back to a previous save to work around the bugs."
,Recommended,310490,28030972,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kyran,"I love this game! Crookz makes you think every step — and you start choosing 4 of 6 characters, everyone has an unique personality and skills (someone who unlocks things, another one to go inside the vents, etc); and then you have to find ways to go through the maps, you choose previously your actions, press play and see if it works.When I bought it, I thought it was a short game; and maybe it is, but every heist has 2 or more maps to go, they are big, and they mostly need you to go everywhere on them. So I have 74 hours playing and I finished the game for the first time, without doing any of the challenges yet.The visual of this game is really, really cool. It has a 60's/70's vibe, all colorful, and I like the graphics and the characters's models also. It doesn't have cutscenes, but the characters are so vivid, the voice acting is so, so good, that it totally works for me.It's a cool and kinda different strategy game, where you start with heists and get a plot like the 70's spy movies. You don't need to kill anyone, just grab the cash — and the Luna Stone, of course. Anyone who likes thinking and playing with patience should try this one. :)"
,Recommended,310490,23426903,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,meltdown,"A greatly underappreciated  and underecognized game. This game is a lot of fun, mix an almost board game style setup with an rts about stealing stuff! Missions have decent replayability as well with lots of options and approaches to how you get thejobdone."
76561197971724802,Recommended,310490,24945776,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"When you think of the heist genre you think of things like Payday or GTA V, butCrookz: The Big Heistprovides a new way to play this kind of game and I am happy to say, it's a lot of fun.Each level begins with a flyby overview of the map and an explanation of what objectives need to be completed. Pay attention to this as it's very important to get a good idea of the best approach to each heist. This is also where you will need to think about what characters to bring with you. The characters are fantastic and all have their own personality and fit with the obvious 1970's theme of the game.You can select a character and move them around the map via way points that you place down on the map. Think of it like other isometric games like The Sims where you point and click to have your character move. InCrookz: The Big Heisthowever, you can pause the game, plan out a series of moves for each of your characters, place down multiple waypoints and then unpause to have them all move.As you progress of course the levels get bigger and more difficult and from what I played, I had a lot of fun and this game does a great job of building the difficulty so you are prepared for the later levels. You won't be thrown right in the deep end and have the difficulty spike to ridiculous levels suddenly.Crookz: The Big Heistis an interesting take on the heist genre and provides plenty of challenge and plenty of fun to keep you coming back for more. I completed some of the missions while being seen but I really want to go back to see if I can complete them without being seen and that's more than I can say about a lot of other games released today.THE GOOD- Detailed and carefully developed stealth-strategy systems that can require alot of careful planning.- Challenging maps that can require tense, on-the-fly decision making to advert potential criminal disasters.- Diverse and thrilling Single player campaign.- 18 extensive missions set in a colorful and stylish 70’s setting.- Interesting talents of the characters.- Various approaches possible.THE BAD- The music is largely non-present and forgettable for a title that promotes its soundtrack.- No level editor.- Artificial intelligence reacts strangely sometimes8/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD |GREAT| AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
76561198000088094,Recommended,310490,22445378,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,GOObER,It's great!This game is a gem for sure. Grab it and enjoy no matter what price.It took me a while to decide to buy it but it turned out to be one of the best buys I ever made on Steam.This game will always call you when you are looking for something to pass a few minutes. Then when you start to play again it will remind you how original and fun this game is ...You can save when you want to. You can pause when you want to. You can play at your own pace. You can try different strategies. You can reload levels and give it another try on just a click of the mouse. And most important you can just have trying different plans.Play this for a while and stop when you find something more flashy to play but this will always call you back.
,Recommended,310490,19331588,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,BlazingBigJointz,"Thorougly enjoyable. I'm only a handful of hours into the game however the learning curve is easy and the challenges so far have been great. Purchased during the Steam Autumn 2015 sale at 75% discount - do yourself a favour, buy it!"
76561198006665122,Recommended,310490,27130011,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nicwb,"This is a fun little game. Essentially it is a stealth puzzler. The game starts out as a 70's themed heist story and slowly morphs into a semi sci-fi evil genius taking over the world spoof. Confused? Suffice it to say the game has a sense of humour about its own story line and has a number of jokes about the 70's -music, clothing and disco.You set out with a team of criminals to steal various items at locations. Each taget site is protected by locks, alarms and patrolling guards -therin lies the challenge. A score is calculated on how quickly you perform the heist, whether you are undetected and what other valuables you steal along the way.Gameplay is decent -realtime pausible there are a few bugs though mostly to do with positioning and being spotted when you are dealing with security cameras aknocking out guards but this does not make the game too unplayable. It simply requires a bit more planning.Realplayability is increased as you can repeat each heist with a better team and compete against your earlier score. there are also ""challenge"" scenarios where you compete against the scores of other players.One downside is price -however I picked this up for just under $5 at a regular sale and found it well worth the price. Right On!"
76561198027070506,Recommended,310490,34343510,Posted: 18 August,all,Wisely,"You control a small team, each of them with own unique skill (Stealth, Technician, Hacker, Bully etc). Planning the route and timing of every action to achieve the objective. If you like X-COM, CIV, Invisible Inc, turn based strategy games, you will enjoy this very very much.Along with it, the animations, voices, characters are very well design. Even just watching the cut scenes and background music is as enjoyable as watching a movie.This game makes you feel like you are the Master Mind of something big, leading a team to achieve the impossible. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,310490,17870134,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Havouk,"The game is similar to oldie-goldies like Commandos and Silent Storm (without the shooting). Each character has its own role, as in things that they specialize in doing, which the other characters cannot do without tools that are either found or bought in the pre-planning stage of the current map. What makes this game great though, is that you really have to plan ahead the moves of each character, several steps ahead, which also has to time each action with what task you put the other characters to do at the same time. Whether that may be timing a knocked out guard with picking a lock or flipping a switch, or all of it at the same time.What adds to the overall ""good feeling"" of the game, is first of all the characters which are all very stereotyped in a good way. But also the Tarantino'esque music (feels taken directly out of Jackie Brown, or some scores of Ocean's Eleven, latter not being Tarantino's work though) and the surroundings, everything gets a little funkier with dimmed and or colored lighting, right?"
,Recommended,310490,24897578,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,[OvO]wl,"A very polished, stylish and well executed game. Blends puzzles with actual gameplay. The game can be both real time, or turn based. Controls are easy to master and reasonably intuitive views and perspectives are easy to control. The game is stylish. It's somewhere between Payday (before they screwed it up with payday 2) and xcom.I am very glad i bought this."
76561198046450971,Recommended,310490,26716200,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,rapagehoez,This game is great.  Squad-based kinda stealthy heist stuff.  Challenging but not frustrating.  Groovy vibe.  Runs easy and smooth and is enjoyable all around.
76561198026806745,Recommended,310490,23134735,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Two Gun Bob,"This is an incredible game! I'm not sure exactly what to compare it to, it is fairly unique. Runs well on win 10, graphics are fantastic and just right from an interface perspective. Controls are extremely simple; right mouse sets a waypoint/performs an action on an item, left mouse allows swapping characters, scroll wheel zoom, middle mouse runs the camara angle. space bar pauses. There are a few hotkeys you can map and the best thing of all, even though it is real time, you can give/change orders while paused. Funky 70s background music, excellent voice acting, a storyline that would make an excellent movie,  and a feature I love, the ability to skip cutscenes, or to replay them if you want to see if you missed any clues.This game probably has 50-100 hours of play, and you can redo heists to get a higher score/faster time so there is some replayability.This is not a shooter, its not multiplayer, its not really RPG (although you choose your specialists and their loadoat for each mission) so if that is what you want then look elsewhere. Otherwise get it. You won't be sorry."
,Recommended,310490,24991274,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,︻芫═── TD ︻芫═─,"Very well made game, definetely worth looking into if you like jagged aliance back in action, good strategy game and fun to play :)"
,Recommended,310490,17889848,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mad_Druid,"Very good game. I really liked it+ A bit simple in the beginning, but good plot with lots of 70s style+ Characters will help you remember good heist movies+ Tactical part is good at nearly every level+ Autosave system works well.- The game is a bit bugged. I got some crashes, but I hope, it will be fixed by patches.+/- Sometimes, balance is a bit off.Several levels get A LOT more difficult, if you picked the wrong team composition. May be, it can be considered as a challenge to those, who want more difficulty."
,Recommended,310490,19313772,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Pod,Good stuff
76561198013090955,Recommended,310490,23543243,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Underanger,Payday: The Strategy.
76561197998615494,Recommended,310490,17997089,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Patch,Nicely designed and carefully balanced so that levels are challenging but solvable with any set of characters. Good for those who like careful pausing and planning!
76561198006125695,Recommended,310490,20250246,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,PointBlank,"Love it, well worth the time and money brothers and sisters."
76561198169257508,Recommended,310490,34945336,Posted: 14 September,all,msspraveen,good game. game gets harder for each level.
76561198130238664,Recommended,310490,21115995,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,teh.FunKiller,"Full disclosure: No key was provided to me for the purpose of this review. I purchased this game with my own coins--and I'm glad I did :)I wouldn't have ever purchased this game hadn't it been for the demo (and the sale, which encouraged me to try the demo).This game is great! Buy it now!"
,Recommended,310490,24100114,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,truthwarrior,Fun turn-based puzzle game. Very addicting. Fun/funny story.
76561198065237431,Recommended,310490,30994858,Posted: 7 April,all,Crash Sublime,"Groovy game, man!"
76561198033885684,Not Recommended,310490,31874562,Posted: 20 May,all,BXX. BackPain,I think it's a good game but all the late game levels seem too unrealistic
,Recommended,310490,17734787,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,JustForKicks96,fun game
,Not Recommended,310490,19009301,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,bardadymchik,With Mac OSX El Capitan there is one level where you go on lift to the basement and when you touch switch game hangs and become unresponsive. This makes it impossible to finish at all.
,Not Recommended,310490,21657452,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Squashbuckler,"I am sorry, but this game does not have enough depth to warrant the purchase, or the amount of time that would be required to play it to completion.I may try this game again for an updated review in the future."
76561198075079007,Not Recommended,310490,17783920,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,emir170891,"I CANNOT play this game at all. After I registered for an account, verified it via email, log in and choose the only option ""PLAY CROOKZ"" my laptop screen goes blank and I can hear the soundtrack playing, but only that. I waited 10-15 minutes but nothing happened. As I switch tabs and pointing the tab of CROOKZ on my taskbar, it shows ""CROOKZ (32bit, DX11)"" on the tab. My windows 8.1 is the 64 bit version. I tried to search the option to alter the game settings, but found nothing. I tried delete and reinstall the game, but the same thing occured. Hopeless."
76561198047700151,Not Recommended,310490,17717835,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Jack Aufenhand,Boring.UPDATE: Played the game a bit more. Still boring.
76561197991507828,Recommended,310490,20695508,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,pinkpanther,"My choice for the hidden gem category!And finally, a game that treats you like a grown up:You can save literally anywhere, as many times as you like.Its 'real-time with pause' gameplay allows you think your moves and lets you walk away to your fridge or pick up the phone, as you like.The characters at some points may seem a bit cheesy, still all in all a well made 70s setting.The gameplay is basically clicking paths for your different characters. Then at every node of that path you can attach one or multiple commands for the respective skill of the character, like putting down a guard or crawling through an air vent. So it's up to you, how you solve achieving the goal set out by your boss, like stealing a diamond or freeing your buddies from prison.A great game! ...unfortunately it hasn't gotten the attention it deserves!Just watch the two trailer videos on the store page ;-)"
76561198089402095,Recommended,310490,35355397,Posted: 30 September,all,MegaAmpen®@youtube,"Recommended.This game is a real-time tactical heist simulation with the option to pause. You will have a variety of ""crookz"" to choose from to make up your team for each heist, and eventually you'll get the option to choose the order in wich certain heists are done. Taking you from heist to heist is a storyline that sets back in the 60's, but from how it plays out it's more like this game tries to capture the air of the 60's TV-shows rather than of the 60's itself.The different maps have an objective to be solved, either place something, take something or similar, and there's several ways to solve a map. There's different types of obstacles to overcome and so what it comes down to is mainly sequencing. Each map also give you an introduction about the objective and give some suggestions about possible approaches. From time to time these introductions become somewhat long in my opinion, but they can be skipped, as can story cut scenes.Overall, for anyone interested in tactical games, this game is a good option, and if break-ins, heists and the likes is intriguing for you, this is a very nice choice."
,Recommended,310490,35393415,Posted: 1 October,all,Plake,"A modern version of The Sting! (Der Clou 2!) from 2001, where you perform different Heists and preparation missions in a variety of locations (Museum in Venice, several Banks, the Harbor, Police Headquarters, etc.) with 3 out of 6 different characters, all sporting unique skills.The gameplay is an isometric real time stealth game, much like the Commandos series from 1998 - 2003, but here you can create a complete path for every character in pause mode and pause/play through the whole process. There are guards on patrol, cameras to disable and items can be picked up and used, which are basically 1 time uses of the different sills from the characters.You gradually unlock characters, one of their 4 skills, tools and items in the story missions and there is a challenge mode for people that need more.The story is about a Heist gang in the '60 being betrayed by one of their own and taking revenge a few years later. The characters are cliches, but all fits together to give you the "" Ocean's 11 in the '60""  feeling."
