user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197993647451,Not Recommended,310470,18192283,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Stuka,"Grand Ages Medieval for me sums up the modern games industry, a base product designed to accomodate the many DLC's that will no doubt follow.  Even on the main screen clicking on additional content takes you to a window with included button that helpfuly states 'go to shop', even though there is no DLC to buy just yet.  Even so I decided to give the game a try and I am unhappy to report that my impressions from the many let's play videos were correct.  GAM is quite simply the bare bones of what could eventually become an excellent game.  It is at the moment an extremely shallow offering with little to no depth, in which you engage in the mind numbing process of tweak the trade route with an economy system that already needs a patch.But what about the other side of the game, surely it can't just be trade?  Well people, I am sorry to say that the combat system is even more shallow than the trade system, and those of you expecting a Total War type mini-game will be sorely disappointed.  Quite simply you send your units against the enemy units and may the largest army win, there is no battlefield strategy at all.It is to the credit of the developers that they have made a game so lacking in depth somewhat enjoyable if you approach it in the right way, which is why I think it will only get better with time and lots of money spent on DLC's.  Unfortunately I am not prepared to spend what could amount to hundreds of pounds on a single game, and if you take my advice hold off on buying it for a couple of years.  By that time there will maybe be a GOTY edition out with all the DLC's included.  Not recommended as it stands.Edited after 14 hours play to point out a few problems:Trader Ai is as dumb as your average rock.  Balanced or production settings, doesn't matter.  Trader will still cart stuff around that are not needed while leaving needed goods stockpiled and gathering dust.  Major rework of Trader Ai needed.Production costs too high, quite often outstripping the value of the goods produced.  This means that  all production needs to be micromanaged or you end up with a crippled economy and spiraling debt.Troop upkeep way too high which means that a human player can never match the Ai in numbers.  Again, adds to spiraling debt.Bands of animal that gather in huge numbers and appear to be more intelligent than most humans, seemingly calling out to each other from miles away to come and join the fight.  I cannot stress enough just how much of a nerf these animals need.  Same for the bandits.Resources:  Two problems here.  First there are only 20 of them which is a very low number for any kind of trading and economy sim.  Secondly, they are the same all over the map instead of being region specific so there is no real reason to explore far and wide in search of those rare resources.Combat system is just bad.  Rock, Paper, Scissors affair that can drag on for hours if there are enough troops on either side and boils down to blob vs blob.Game as a whole lacks meaningful content.  This is supposed to be a sim of medieval life at a city state level yet all you do is trade and take over a few neutral states.  Don't even try to take over Ai controled major factions because they will have more troops than you, more cities than you and the ability to produce new units out of thin air while your bank balance crumbles, at which point the entirety of your army will give up and go home, even mid fight.  These developers need to look at a few games from the past such as the guild series etc. and take a few hints.Tutorial campaign needs an overhaul so that it actually teaches you how to play and doesn't screw itself over by, for instance, telling you to send mercs against shield using bandits.  For those that don't know mercs use polearms which are apparently pretty useless against shields.  Maybe someone should send a message to the past to let Alexander know that his pike phalanx is actually crap, who knew?  A simple change here such as putting those bandits on horses would alleviate that problem.Map being huge is made pointless by scouts on speed and by enemies / animals that can see you coming from 50 miles away and rush to engage you in battle.  It is also made pointless by archers that apparently have space-age bows that can fire and hit from miles away.Game needs a x10 speed option instead of having to hold down the spacebar all the time.Chronicle is not very useful as it stands.  Events should come up as a clickable icon at the top of the screen when they happen.  If the icon is not clicked on then it should vanish after a certain time to avoid screen clutter.Ai cheating needs to be severely toned down and should only be there at all on higher levels.  Normal level should be a level playing field.I could go on but that lot gives you some indication of the state of the game.  Peace all."
,Not Recommended,310470,23642039,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Lawbringer,"I actually feel bad for downrating this game. It has some fine ideas and concepts and would most certainly keep you very entertained past the two hour steam refund mark.The problem is, that it doesn't keep you going much past that point. You suddenly find that you've built everything you can. Every building, every troop type, every resource generator. All you can do is to repeat the process over and over again until the map is full of cities. You engage in repetetive trade routes with the same scant few resources that can be obtained anywhere in the map (fine wine from my Scottish vinyards, anyone?)And when the map is full you have to endure the even more tiresome process of either wooing or conquering enemy cities to your faction. A process that take so long per city that the very thought of taking over the whole world is a truly frightening concept.In short...allow me give you the experience of playing this game. Consider it a free demo:Pick up a book you know to be good. Perhaps you read it before or it comes higly recommended by someone you trust. Read chapter One. Don't worry...I don't mind waiting. Just let me know when you're done...Ah, hello again! Did you enjoy that? Good! I'm glad to hear it. Now go on and read Chapter Two and come back here for the next step...Welcome back! You must be pretty invested now. A new world to explore and characters to follow on glorious adventures. So exciting! Well, don't let me keep you...you go right ahead and read Chapter Two...yes, Chapter Two, that's what I said. Yes, I know you already read it, but just go read it again, it'll be fun! Oh...and when you're finished, you'll need to read Chapter Two again. And then follow that up with Chapter Two. I trust you'll be able to work out the next step from there...And that's it. You set up your early game, full of possibilities and exploration as you set your flag down and make your mark on the local area. You move into your mid game - consolidating your power and expanding your reach. And then you stay there. There is no end game. No top tier production buildings requring many cities to work together. No distant technological research that needs a concerted effort to reach. No Development of agents, espionage, religion, enhanced diplomacy or advanced troop types. Nope. You just carry on playing the mid-game until you lose interest and start again. And you start again another 6-7 times until eventually the frustrating realisation comes in that you've spent hours doing something you don't even enjoy, so you come here and write a big 'MEH' review to save others from the boredom.TLDR - Absolutely fantastic game for an hour or so until it completely runs out of ideas and content. Consider waiting for a lot of DLC/expansion content before purchase...or a very generous Steam sale deal."
76561198136072271,Not Recommended,310470,24738635,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Teralitha,"This game looks good on the surface, but has little depth to it.Its a very basic medieval economy sim with some very generic combat elements thrown in.They advertise this game as a ""Grand Strategy"" game when its nothing of that kind whatsoever.They posted twitch feeds to showcase what the game looks like and claim""transparency."" But this is just decieving eye candy. To make you believe there is depth to the game.I even watched a few lets play videos and seeing how the game starts out, it looked very interesting and makes you think that the game must go very deep as it progresses.  But in reality, thats where it ends.  It was enough to trick me into buying it, and kept me interested long enough to get past the 2 hour mark for refunds.Dont let yourself be duped like I was.  The dev team stresses how they worked so hard and long for 2 years to make this game.  When they said they worked on it for 2 years that should have been a clue that the game isnt that good.This game is worth about $5 tops.  Maybe if they had put 3-4 years into making this a much better game, it would be worth $40.  Right now, $40 is a huge ripoff.  But you dont realize it until its too late.  Heck I might even say they planned it this way.  They dont even plan to make it better.Devs will visit the forum, and even comment on peoples reviews, begging people to give them better reviews.  They are either being slimy or are just that stupid.The only good thing is the music.  I really liked the music.  But thats it.My recommendation for this game is ""Hell No"" This game is garbage and a waste of money.  Dont buy it.Take a look at a game like crusader kings 2, or medeival total war.  Those games make this game look like puke.**EDIT** I need to add this.  It seems the devs are using fake accounts on this forum to promote the game and sucker people into buying it.  If you see anyone claiming to have played hundreds of hours and how great it is, just have a look at their profile.  They are all private, zero level steam accounts.   Theres more than a few of them here in their steam forum.  They are all fakers.  Do not buy this garbage game from these deceptive developers.I have reported this game to steam for fraud and all of their fake accounts.  And everyone else should too.  Dont let them get away with this scam."
,Recommended,310470,18187343,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Grimmblut,"Beautifully made empire building game in a non-fantasy setting of medieval Europe. Furthermore, it is not like Total War (in a positive way, I'm a TW-fan myself). It focuses more on the strategic, econimcal and diplomatic aspects than TW. GA: Medieval offers an enjoyable, fully narrated campaign, alternatively an ""open world"" play mode and multiplayer mode. I have not yet tested the multiplayer, but will update the review once I have.My impressions so far from --- (very bad) to +++ (very good):Stability: +++No crashes and no issues with alt-tabbing in and out of game.Music: ++Nice, soft medieval background music.Graphics: ++Better than the map view of current Total War titles so far. Lacks the unit details of TW, though, but zoom-in and zoom-out is far more smooth plus the weather details are better.Gameplay: +++In the campaign, you start as the ruler of a small city and have to increase your wealth and power by military and diplomatic means. The missions you receive during the campaign will help you with that. GA:Medieval has a very nice balance of micro- and macromanaging, which is something that I imagine is very hard to design. E.g. you can set up trading routes for your traders within seconds and just let them trade between these cities on their own. They do a good job with that. However, you can still take over manual control to send out traders to buy or sell the exact items in the exact quantities you need. You may stumble over ""adventure sites"" with your scouts which most times will result in small combats and a bit of loot, if you manage to get the upper hand. Diplomacy is no one-way communcation in this game. AI-Characters may contact you with diplomatic offers or even missions, which may raise or lower your diplomatic standing with other parties. You can decide which buildings to build in your cities, but have to keep an eye on what you want to produce with them, how much and what kind of ressources they need and if there are enough workers in your city to run the production building. Overall very nicely done with a lot of choices to be made.Tactics: -Since I mentioned Total War in my review, I thought it neccessary to touch the topic of ""tactics"" this game offers. There is no separation of strategic map movement and tactical battles. There is one map which handles both. You do not control the movement of units in battle and so forth. You send them into battle and can pull them out, if you feel that you have to. In this aspect, GA:Medival is far, far behind of TW. If you think GA:Medieval is another TW-clone and you play TW because of the tactical battles, then GA:Medieval will be a vast disapointment in this matter. On the plus site, units in GA:Medieval tend to follow a rock/paper/scissors mechanic, e.g. Archers beeing superior against infantry, but weak against cavalry etc. So you have the tactical option of chosing which units to send into battle against which enemy.Multiplayer: ?Not yet tested.I'll add more info to my review once I've gather more insight in the game.EDIT 1:The first good impressions did no lie. It's good and it's getting better, including NOT A SINGLE graphic or game bug, crash or other technical issue after hours of continous gameplay. Remember that this is the first day of the game's release! Furthermore, and I try not to spoiler, I want to let you know that the advancement of your rank isn't just a number that increases over time. Entire new aspects of the game become available and you continously shift from micromanaging to macromanaging - without losing the ability to micromanage units, cities and so on if you feel you should intervene.EDIT 2:The story of the campaign is easy to follow and surprises with some ""interesting"" turns of events. Again, I don't mean to spoiler. That said, I just got the steam achievement ""Got Laid!"". :DEDIT 3:There's far more trading to be done than I tought. Although you can ""fire and forget"" your trader units and send them on a trading route of cities you specified where they buy and sell stuff, you will still want to micro at least one trader unit. I'm still early in the game and maybe the weight of the trading aspect will shift once I've advanced my rank from names that sound mercantile (Merchant, Landlord, etc.) to more noble titles. I still review the Gameplay as very good (+++), but the focus on trading that I feel in this early stage of the game push the rating a little in the direction of ""only"" good (++) without justifying a demotion yet."
,Recommended,310470,19184589,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,SimuLord,"This game is a niche within a niche, designed to appeal to a very specific type of strategy game fan.  Basically, if you ever played another game from this same developer (Patrician 4, Port Royale 3, or Rise of Venice) and found yourself wishing that you could have a bigger role in building the actual world and not just trading in it, this game is everything you've ever wanted.That's what this game ultimately is---a combination of a Civ-style empire builder (in real time) with 4X elements and the same trading simulation you know and love and have probably been playing since the days of Ascaron (from which studio Gaming Minds' people came, kind of like how Obsidian's full of Black Isle refugees and how Firaxis is Sid Meier's old Microprose team reincarnated.)Once you know that, you can start taking this game on its own merits, and there's a lot here if you want to deep dive into it.  In theory, you could just produce all 20 of the game's commodities in four cities total and be completely self-sufficient, and that's a perfectly valid goal to set for yourself in freeplay, if an utterly limited way to do things.  Where the game shines is in how those resources interact.  Gone are the days from Patrician 4 where you constantly asked yourself ""why are the mills that make clothing nowhere near the places that manufacture their essential raw material?  Why would anyone want to make something that relies on shipping something in from 1500 miles away in a cog?""  It makes game sense (profits proportional to effort required) but it's wildly unrealistic.Now you can plan your economy based on what the land provides.  Make towns in meadows that serve as your nation's breadbasket, sending food to that mountain outpost that makes your metal goods.  Butter up your AI rival by creating a town that makes a ridiculous amount of money trading them what they need, and use diplomacy to keep from having to go to war.  Or master those economy mechanics to support a military, but note that realism is in place here---large standing armies just weren't part of this game's time period.If you geek out on this genre (and check my Steam library---I geek out HARD on this genre), this is the game you've been waiting for, the culmination of everything a trade simulation and empire-type game can be.But that comes with a warning---this game has a ""mixed"" Steam rating for a reason.  It is absolutely, positively not for everyone.  If you weren't blown away by the previous efforts from Gaming Minds, this will not make any new converts.  I recommend this game, but only to people who are ready to embrace what it has to offer.(I haven't mentioned multiplayer, since I'm exclusively a singleplayer gamer.  Bear that in mind as well.)"
,Not Recommended,310470,32520185,Posted: 17 June,all,AwesomeHero,"With a few very minor changes this could actually be a good game.But there hasn't been any updates. It was just released and dropped.It is barebone and there hasn't been too much thought put into it.Could have been a fun game.  Instead it left a sour taste.Pros?   Multiplayer is working fine.Cons?  Resources are the same across the entire map, no reason to expand or trade.   Steep learning curve, gets repetitive really quickly."
,Not Recommended,310470,18191658,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,LazySamurai,"Grand Ages: Medieval could have been interesting but sadly it is nothing more then a mediocre and bland trading game.The game feels a bit like Patrician, mixed with a bit of 'the Guild' and Industry giant games but with a few more side activities like founding new towns ( but have no control over it aside from choosing a few buildings ) and a bit of simplistic warfare. All the elements are pretty basic and the variety of goods traded are few and bland. The only thing you are doing in this game is setting up trade routes and simple trade alliances with the occasional boring battle over which you have no control whatsoever.This could have been an awesome game of medieval town and business development with intricate production chains and in depth trading, but sadly it is not. If they had kept the Grand Ages city building style or made a more in depth medieval business simulator like the Guild or even Tropico style it would have been a bestseller. Now it's a game that does neither of the elements that made the other games enjoyable very well. If you want a good enjoyable medieval styled game you'd better play Patrician, Knights of Honor, Medieval Total War, Cursader Kings 2 or the Guild.I can recommend this game only for people who want to play a basic trading game and are bored with all the older games. In my opinion all the other older  medieval ( trading ) games are better in every way. This is much too bland and not worth the full price. This game should be priced more like simple Indie-games in the 10-20 euro/dollar range. I got it cheap, but if you pay the full price you'd better refund this...this is not worth the price. Even most indie games are better and worth more then this game.Huge disappointment and a loss for those who want to immerse themselves into medieval trading and building. Maybe this game will be better in the future, but I doubt it."
76561198118706929,Not Recommended,310470,18258581,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,sclthebrutal,"Conclusion: This game had the ingredients to be just amazing, but it fails in almost everything. ZERO immersive.I bought this game on pre-release, and that's a mistake I'm never doing again. Please, don't trust what you see on the promo-videos or the screenshots, because what you imagine is not what you get.I did play this game with an open mind and a positive mentality, however the game itself made every possible effort in order to make me dislike it. Let's see:1.- The only guarantee is that you're going bankrupt. No matter how hard you try, if you ever feel like doing anything besides pressing space bar (for x10 time) and see a couple of trade routes moving, you will go bankrupt.2.- The trade route system is nice, however as an ""economic"" or ""trade"" game it's quite dull. The amount of resources is quite low, and there's no reward in establishing long distance trade routes that could bring ""exotic"" goods from -let's say- Paris to Constantinople. And that's a basic thing about trade in human history... we want the things that are from very far away, and we're gonna pay hard for them. But no, not here. You will be surprised that the goods in Constantinople are more like the same that the ones in Nuremberg. Even games from almost 20 years ago (like Merchant Prince) had a much more better economic and trade system, not to say the overall immersion.3.- So you like those battle screenshots? Forget about that. The units upkeep is unbaerable and unrealistic. Just by having 5 of the basic units (axemen and archers) you will see your funds crashing. And no, you won't see them winning epic battles, because they will be crushed by leopards (that multiply while fighting) or bandits (extremely more advanced and equiped units, that also multiply while on combat). Don't even dream to take over a city or defeat another player in battle, it's not gonna happen.4.- The city and population management lacks any in-depth. It's boring.5.- Diplomatic options and AI are extremely poor.6.- There's no cultures. That means that if you play in Arabia or Scandinavia it's just the same. (and as I mentioned before... you will produce the same).I could keep going on and on and on. I hope the developers do improve this game, but if they think I will ever pay a single buck to see the improvements just forget it... I already got ripped off with 35 dollars."
,Not Recommended,310470,18192729,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Doomwarrior,"Just stay away for now... it needs some serious patching in terms of balancing and content. The game feels empty, a bit boring and simplistic. Imagine a Civ 5 with the biggest world imaginable and basically 8 opponents and a few citystates and no need for expansion because 4-5 strategically placed production centers can just aswell produce everything unlimited as could 40-50 cities. There just aint no need for a massive empire nor does it help to have one other than have it. Population is strictly based on your production buildings. Which means if you build 100 in 1 city its just aswell as building 1 each in 100 cities...well no its far superior in 1 city since the logistics are not really shining in this one here...Its a shame, really, i wanted it to be amazing...i loved how they sold it but damn it fell short of what was promised. Its like this: Imagine the book of lord of the rings only a little shortened to lets say 50 pages for the entire trilogy. Thats how i feel about the overly simplistic approach. There is so much missing... it feels literally empty. Nothing is going on ever... a few carts, a few scouts, a few treasures and super human speed for units.All i can say to the developers is: PLZ PLZ give this game more content and balancing patches otherwise...waste of time and money..."
76561198006802285,Not Recommended,310470,18214486,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Malicious Cat,"12/8/2016 Still don't buy.Honestly this game isn't good right now, I  hoped that it'd be great but it isnt. This is both a semi review and message to the Devs. First off on a good note.The AI is good, its hard, its smarter than most I've seen and you should be proud of it. Now nice time is over.Here are a few points to improve the game vastly:1) Have MORE than 20 resources for the world. When you start the game you have 5 resources already being collected, so developers you already are able to have 25% of the ENTIRE WORLDS RESOURCES straight off the bat? With your second town, proper placement and adding points into tech to gain refined goods such as bread, beer or pork you will easily have 10 resources. Whats this? You have 50% of the ENTIRE WORLDS RESOURCES AND AVAILABLE PRODUCTION WITHIN 5 MINUTES OF THE GAME???! So the economy will quickly get swamped by the SAME GOODS EVERYONE ELSE HAS, especially when you double or triple production with more points in tech. What is this, the industrial revolution in 1050?! So consumption is so damn low, production is high, population doesn't want to pay taxes or buy things, economy crashes worse than Greece could try. Adding double resources will alleviate the economy issues, diversify and creating interesting games. Ok how about add cows? Get milk, make butter or cheese? Those 3 items don't exsist in the game, devs this is Europe. How about making weapons?? How about making ships?? How about being creative and stop taking the model of EA.2) Make combat at least mildly interesting as a Zerg Rush. With a possible basic outmanuvering like Hegemony, Medieval TW or any other real time strategy game.3) Should've made an effort with voice acting with characters instead of the same 10 lines if that many. Seriously get draining, nothing as inspiring as the original stronghold series.4) Lack of immersion as towns don't look that alive or feel alive, the world seems small. Adding more sounds like chickens, cows, pigs or priests would lighten up the game.5) No religion aspects? No modifiers to troops, towns or unique personalities? No Patriach or Pope? Oh I know, the Pope obviously wasn't important in that timeframe no worries.Random things that could be added. Why not have hunting, why not have several crops barley, leeks, several drinks, whiskey, spirits why not hunt several animals, deer boar, why not attrition, why not better weather mechanics, why not more comfort items, why not a decent economic game, why not a decent military game. Why not a fulfilling game?Now to quote -ITS THE ECONOMY FOOLS - Paradox Interactive Eu4 random event. Seriously if this was meant to be an economy game, which you devs HAVE DONE BEFORE, then make it vaguely similar or even God-Allah forbid fun. The premise was smart with good intentions but being lazy, narrowminded with actively saying DLC DLC DLC is a great way to end your career in EA.""But Cat!"" Said the devs who worked 5 hours this week.""Coding is hard in an airconditioned room with long breaks, long meetings, long periods of fixing last weeks problems""You'd probably be given a good review if you did your job and provided a fun game. Said a cat with a malicious look and blood in his eyes.How I now view you guys:Your day at work is now consisting of just jerking off at the thought of how great.  How you created this game awesome  with your co-workers. Then you guys join in a circle jerk about how great you are. Then for the daily ritual the Devs this unholy pentagram circle jerk of satan produced this game of sin. You guys can't even compete with the Medieval Total War of 2002! The Pope should call a Crusade on your sins, all of Islam should call a Jihad on your decadance.Now if you're butthurt I'm glad you read this, but now get off your damn♥♥♥♥♥and provide a decent game. Seriously why should I buy another game from you in the future and god forbid a DLC? Should I now treat you like CA with lacklustre TW games? Are you going to be like Sid Meier and ride off his name and produce overrated games with little to no content but push out DLC and two years after release its ok? Now I won't get my friends to buy this, I will actively say ""Don't buy this game"" to anyone who asks.But if you guys provide DLC for free which makes the game as intended i.e. to be good, this review will be deleted and I will actively support you. Until then, such is life."
76561198062844578,Recommended,310470,19437552,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Mourdeeb,"There has been a lot of bad comments on this game, and I just want to clear up some Myths.For starters, this is a good game.  It's well thought out, and in depth.  The problem I see is many players don't understand the concept of supply driven economics.Myth #1.  You just need 5 cities.....It's true, you can have 5 cities, and between them you can aquire all the resource types in the game....Seems fairly simple, even droll, However...This game has an in depth Economic aspect!!!  Trade is the primary source of income in the game.  That being said, your cities trade with one another, making profit, BASED ON SUPPLY AND DEMAND!!   If all 5 cities have all the resources they need, and they only trade with one another, as the cities grow, the supply Increases, and the demand Decreases.  This causes the trades to become less, and less profitable, and eventually your trade routs are loosing money rather than making money, and you go bankrupt.You have to carefully choose which resources you have in each city, based on the resources available in the area of the city, AND the needs of the neighboring Cities, be they yours or another player, or the AI.  I'm just 10 Hours into the game, I am a Baron, with 8 Cities, I have a Standing army of 50 units, and I am a Millionare...Litterally.....Myth #2.  There's no need to aquire more cities.The game has a research tree that, as you could guess, enhances your economic abilities, and gives advanced units etc. Every time you level up, you get 3 more points to invest in ""Development"" (the research tree.)  The most effective way to level up, is *Drum Roll*..Aquiring More cities.!  More cities means more research, means a stronger economy, means bigger military, etc.   You can bribe your way into gaining near by cities, or just build one your self.  Again, if you just sit there with 5 cities selling the same goods to them they are going to flatline.  Expansion is essential!Myth #3.  There is no replayability.Perhaps not in the campaign, since it is a linear plot, but there are numerous strategies one could employ to try to advance, even in the Campaign.  The free play option, is just that.  You can adjust the difficulty and numerous aspects of the game in the Single player version, to say nothing of a Multiplayer version.  ( I have not gone into Multi PLayer yet.)So replayability?...There's plenty.Now to be fair, the game does have some things I find amusing, if not anoying...Like n ""Army of wolves""...350 wolves fighting as an organizd unit???? Rreally?? It wouldn't be so bad, but the will soundly defeat an army of 500 Militia...Then there's the fact that your merchants Only focus on Profit when they are automated, and pay little attention to the city's Needs, like food, and they don't seem to prioritize certain resources over another in a city.  For example, I have a city that needs Coal to manufacture tools, But there is another city in the trade lane that is just low on coal in general (doesn't ""Need"" the coal).  The Merchant will drop the coal in the first city that is lowest in the product to gain the most profit, rather than send it to the city that requires it to produce a product First.  As a result, you sometimes have to micromanage trade routs.All and all it's a great game.  Chalanging, fun, and in depth... You just need to have a basic understanding of Supply driven economics, and the rest is trial and error.I absolutly recomend this game!"
,Recommended,310470,18242855,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Apsalar,"***CAUTION!THIS GAME HAS ANARROW APPEALAND WILL NOT BE RIGHT FOR EVERYONE******Please do your research and consider your expectations carefully before purchasing***A Slick and Barebones Wedding of Kalypso's Strengths...And Nothing ElseLet's talk a little about the context that spawned the  ""whats"" and the ""whys"" behind Kalypso's Grand Ages franchise.  Hopefully we'll reach some insights about the games and their place in history.Kalypso's flagship Tropico games are arguable among the best examples of the citybuilder genre in the last decade, and they've achieved a market saturation so viscous I'm confident in my assumption that you have most likely put at least a few hours into the franchise.  Kalypso uses a large portion of its sales capital to reinvest in the constant refinement of gameplay systems.  If there's one thing Kalypso knows how to make, it's a high-grade citybuilder.  For the most part in the Tropico games the major mangement systems and input-output relationships are balanced and intuitive- but also immersive and challenging.  Though I grudgingly admit that at some point Tropico 5's gameplay grew too cluttered and frenetic for me to enjoy. I'm old and I have ADD and I just can't keep up.Meanwhile, however, Kalypso has been quietly producing, reproducing, and more or less defining the standards for many contemporary mechanics and play paradigms within the somewhat niche genre of historical commodity-management games.  If you already know all this, I hail you as a fellow and thank you for keeping the genre alive.  If you aren't sure what I'm talking about, take a look deep in game list or at old bundles gathering dust in the ether, or think back to deep sales you've ignored.  Kalypso developed its systems across three paralell historical franchises: Patrician, Port Royale, and Rise of Venice.  These games aren't for everyone, but what they do- a lite but compelling simulation of ""Invisible Hand"" market relationships- they do very well. Most fans of the genre (myself included) own and play most if not all of Kalypso's contributions. The systems reward gamers who approach situations with some shrewd forethought,  who conjure a little extra willingness to grind, and who summon the chutzpah to make a few heavy gambles against the caprice of future markets.  Usually this just keeps you in the black but when it all works as you planned, you and your dynasty become fabulousy wealthy, and your organization's trade activities grants your allies prosperity and your competitors destitution. In-game this extraordinary success just means some shifting digits on a little spreadsheet with some fancy historical trims. Maybe that's why this genre in its purer forms is such a niche product.As a devotee of both genres I was giddy when word starting circulating about Kalypso's new concept, the ""Grand Ages"" franchise, which would combine the lessons from their other games into a seamless historical management sandbox.  Unfortunately what emerged, Grand Ages: Rome, was a jumbled Frankengame.  It was interesting but clunky and unintuitive, a sort of high-concept quagmire with a confused sense of scale and a baffling set of competing paradigms. Kalypso had included almost every system they'd ever made and then threw some more in there on top for good measure.A Roman Pundit Said ""There's Nothing New Under the Sun""...By Medieval Times Most of the Old is Gone Too...If GA: Rome is one side of the pundulum's swing, then GA: Medieval is the full swing opposite.  Kalypso has eliminated everything but the commodity management sheets and has stripped city management down to a single interface book from which you can either build one of the limited and static improvements or upgrade your commodity production facilities.  The rest of the UI follows a similar pattern: icons move around a map and at certain times you interact with various spreadsheets to influence or direct markets and growth.Don't get me wrong: it's deep and complex and finely balanced.  But it's startlingly narrow.  Every player is more or less exactly the same in terms of abilities and playfeel.  The only concessions to cultural distinctiveness are the local names and complexions of traders and governors.  The fact that the map is Europe is completely irrelevant to the gameplay, except that depending on your geography skills you may be able to predict resource placements.If GA: Rome was a Frankengame, then GA: Medieval is a skeletal golem: its disparate pieces may function together so well that at first it seems a living thing- but it's not. There's little heart and no breath in this automaton.  But I am convinced Kalypso will continue their refinement and eventually the Grand Ages we dream of will emerge.6/10-Conditionally recommended for niche fans and for collectorsNo Drama, Just Reviews"
76561198007300752,Not Recommended,310470,28452596,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Blackadar,"This game is the epitome of a dumb blonde joke- pretty but empty.Graphically it's lovely to look at with a well-chosen art style and color palette. The UI is workable and the music is quite pleasant. I'd love if the artists worked on some other strategy games because they did a nice job here.But the gameplay is the thing and there's not much here. You establish trade routes in which you import and export resources which your cities and other cities produce. After you've maxed out the production, you spam more cities and establish more trade routes. Rinse, repeat and yawn. There aren't any great key decisions, no feeling of truly building an empire or anything like that. It's city spam at its worst.There is combat in the game but it's lifeless and neither tactial or strategic in scope. It's a rock, paper, scissors affair where generally the most troops are the victorious troops. While I didn't expect combat control like Total War this really is very bland. Not to mention that a well run economy will just allow you to buy everything anyway.So what you end up with is a game that is devoid of a lot of decision making or components to keep things interesting. Given the larger number of decent strategy titles out there, this game commits the cardinal sin of being extremely dull. It's not a matter of it being worth you money. It's not worth your time. Skip it."
,Not Recommended,310470,18478409,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Hikari.ws,"GAM is not a bad game, but I can't recommend it.Many people say it's broken or that it's a recess simulation. The game is just hard to learn.It is basically an RTS, but the strategy resides in the trade system. War does exist, but it happens only a few hours after the match starts, and it's very expensive.War requires little strategy and no tatics. You just send your army on the enemy and let them fight, while you go back to manage your empire's trade economy. If you want a game aimed on war, just don't buy this, it has less of that than Civilization.Diplomacy is also limited. There is a rank, as follows: neutral > be allowed to transit inside the empire > trade inside it > peace > ally army. We can only go up or down 1 rank at a time, then there's a cooldown before we can change rank again. Only when we're on neutral we can declare war and attack. If we're above neutral rank, we must go decreasing it over time before being allowed to declare war. We are able to trade resources and gold, pay for ranking up and demand payment to remain on current rank (else decreasing it).The trading system is the most complex I've ever seen, and it's what we spend most time working on. Basically, there are 20 resources on the game, they are consumed by citizens, military and production of other resources. In example, every person needs to eat grain, building stuff requires lumber, and we can also use grain to produce beer, which people drink.From those 20 resources, each city can produce 5. The excess of production is bought by traders and sold on cities that don't produce that resource locally. When a resource is in excess, its price decreases, when it's lacking its price goes high. Traders must buy cheap and sell expensive to profit. We can automate traders routes, but the economy is dynamic and we still need to be always watching what's in excess and what's being needed and manage it.As I said in begining, this game could be good and has potential, but it lacks in many areas:1) The game is too hard to learn. Keeping the economy alive is a challenge. After more than 10 runs I learned how to handle it, but it's always a challenge and we must be careful to not let the expenses overcome the incomes.2) That's why some people call it a recess simulation, because of how hard it is to manage an empire economy. And when our balance goes 0 (which means bankrupcy), traders can't buy resources anymore and the army denies obeying orders. Yes, we paid a big amount to train the army, we pay weekly salary to them even when they are idle, and when we need them, if we don't have money at the moment, they just stay on current city and denies to leave. If they are fighting and money goes to 0 (most of it spent paying them), they leave the fight and go to nearest city and never leave it.Imagine how frustrating it is to be being attacked or be in the middle of a fight, have spent gold and resources building an army, and when you need them they aren't there for you.3) Resources aren't geographically spread. Manufactured resources, like cloth, beer and bread, can be produced in any city, given that town has the raw material needed to produce them. Raw materials are limited to places on the map where they are available and we can settle a city. The problem is that 20 resources is a low amount, and in an area where we can have 5 cities we'll find all raw material resources.Because of that, there's no incentive (resources-wise) to expand the empire. Be it by conquering or trading. Expanding is just more of the same.4) Multiplayer is boring. It's the old create/join game. Matches take many many hours to happen, nobody stays online for so long. Matches can be saved and played later, but then new players will start on already developed cities, which they might not like.Also, the game has a feature to fast forward time. In single player, it works kinda well. But in multiplayer, it only happens when all player activate it together, holding the space key. In practice it never happens, and there is still the lag that hang everybody when any 1 player lags. This makes multiplayer be MUCH slower than single player.5) War is expensive. Not only because army is extremelly expensive, sieaging a city takes time untill it's stolen. And when it finally happens, the costs of maintaining that city are very high, while the city in the begining produces pratically nothing. We must quickly send an automated trader to merge it into our economy system and wait for it to recover. While that, our income remains negative and our balance decreases risking reach 0.And when we finally bring the city back into working... we earn nothing for all the trouble. It's just a normal city as any other we have, but much more expensive than a settled one since it's already developed. We can't destroy a stolen city, of remove it from our empire. Once taken, it will be there and ours forever.There are 2 reason we may have to steal a city: a) at the long run it will be less expensive than settling one, because its business buildings will be already bought (but it's cheaper to settle and build ourselves than spend on the war to steal it) and b) when we have already settled cities on all the available land and our borders are close to our neightboors.There are of course strategies to bring an enemy to bankrupcy and pwn him hard, but we're usually busy trying to avoid our own to effectivelly be able to do it with others.It's so hard that even in the campain, which is a bsics tutorial, we bankrupt and can't continue.================Because of all that I can't recommend GAM. There are other better and cheaper games out there."
,Recommended,310470,18197409,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Frogatron,"It is amazing looking at all these reviews form poor to good that have so few hours; almost like everyone jumps on the review bandwagon to get their name out there despite their lack or knowledge of the game. I am no expert, by any means. But I pre-ordered and installed the moment I could. I spent most of my Friday playing. I had obligations after about my 7h mark. That being said: I recommend this game for the person who wants to play Empire Economic Sim. After about the 5 hour mark you finally get in to the combat part of the game. It is lite and not very in depth. It is very laissez faire, and if you are looking for some in depth combat, look somewhere else. The game is about establishing an empire and its trade routes. You build an army to protect that and take over other empires.The combat is similar to Knights of Honor, if you know the reference. Your men attack in a battle if they are in the general vicinity. You get bonuses based off your armies make-up. Swords beat Pike, Pike beat horse, Horse beats Archer etc. But it is very hands off after moving units in to the area.But the game shines when it comes to the economic sim. Building multiple supply chains, figuring out what merchant will make the most of his run, specifically defining his route and what goods he will trade. It is all done very well. And look beautiful. This game is fun for the people it is designed for. If you want a Total War redux, look some where else. Even against the AI it is challenging and figuring out the optimal routes is fun.I am no expert, and I feel I have only slightly broken in to this game. But since I came home from a night out and saw all the negative reviews, I feel I have to chime in. The game is fun. Watch some videos on youtube and decide for yourself."
76561198004037865,Not Recommended,310470,18222599,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Strangest Danger,"Kalypso knows how to make a game (the Tropico series, the Port Royale series), but this one just seems lazy.Gameplay:  At first it doesn't seem bad, the controls are mostly easy to figure out, and the visuals are fine.  Then your empire gets more complex.  At that point, you realize that you can't do much to control what the traders do once you set up their paths, and every battle is basically throwing your troops at theirs, and hoping your troops which get a bonus line up against their troops that suffer from that bonus (if there are mixed troops, there is no telling how it will go).  You have no control over them at that point.Environment:  Europe feels... empty.  Others have said it.  They are right.  The game advertises sometihng like 20 million square miles, but your scout covers them in short order.  In spite of that, there just aren't that many cities to interract with.  Eventually your opponents will blob out uncontrollably (France had all of France and half of Spain by 1074).  Your cities never revolt,  and combat is easy to avoid, so you can just spread out in every direction, making an empire so vast that it would have been unmanageable in the medieval era.  In fact, the game encourages you to do this, since the best of each unit type can only be received regionally.Events:  There are never good events, only bad ones.  Famines without excellent harvests.  Plagues without baby booms.  Volcanoes without the subsequent soil improvements.Trade goods:  limited in quantity, and you can easily make cities in nearly every region that can make the top tier goods without trading.Campaign:  Easy to complete, but only if you don't strictly follow it.  If you do only what they say, you'll be out of money really fast.Overall:  The game feels lonely and lazy."
,Not Recommended,310470,31611741,Posted: 7 May,all,h-edition,"This is not a ruler game. More like a merchant game with the power to find and destroy cities. Which is fine by me since I like economic sim too.The game starts off fun. Having to plan where to place cities, what they produce and how to connect them. But shortly after it becomes way too repetitive. Build groups of 3 or 4 inter-depentent cities and link them. Over and over.Once you run out free space, things get worse. Treaties with AI cost you a percent of what you have. You can have a few hundred k or hundreds of millions, doesn't matter. It will cost you in proportion to your treasury. By the end of the game, I paid a hundred million to get one neutral city (more like a village) to join me. I can field a world ending army with that kind of money.Money is a surprisingly useless resource in the game. Treaties like I said cost you in proportion to your treasury so you might be better off poor. I can't buy more resource than I can produce. I can have a gazillion gold in my treasury but to kick start a new city I am limited by the resource output of my other cities.The only thing it can do is field a bigger army since the cost is fixed. I think the dev meant the end game to be all military. But if I want to play a military game I would have played TW. Battles in this game is like auto resolve mode but you get to watch the numbers drop."
,Not Recommended,310470,34501789,Posted: 26 August,all,Bmorekareful,"The devs stopped caring and updating, buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,310470,34457319,Posted: 24 August,all,Colonel Mustang,They haven't updated this thing in over a year. The game didn't make realistic sense ever either.
76561198017175773,Not Recommended,310470,18271076,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,vitaly,"This game deserves a ""meh"". The idea has great potential, and I enjoyed the earlier stages of the game, but overall it falls flat. It's fun building your initial settlements, getting all of the resources and optimizing the trade routes. Then, nothing really happens beyond that. The resources are few and you have all of them so what now? Build more cities with the same resources with traders running similar trade routes? There is no payoff from expanding far and wide; you might as well place your cities as close together as possible because the same resources can be found just about anywhere. No cultures either, everyone has the same building tree. At this stage of the game you run into other empires and it becomes a tireless grind. Diplomacy is non existent beyond paying gold for neutrality/trade/alliances. Combat is super simple with only a few unit types and no micromanagement. This is fine by me, I expected this when I bought the game but there are just no pay offs beyond this point, combat or otherwise. The AI will puke out another army every once in a while, you will eventually fight them off while also battling bankruptcy, and maybe take one of their cities. Trying to integrate it into your empire is a chore because you already have everything it produces. I guess you can have traders go there but really who cares. Now it's just stuck on repeat with nothing interesting left to explore. You clone your initial group of several cities over and over, try to organize the chaos of captured cities, and buy more trade carts. The AI has zero personality and reminds me of text-based RPGs. Cities and military units are also lifeless. Fights are not fun to watch. It's sad because the graphics are great, the economics and trade are solid, and I can imagine a great game here but this is just an empty version of that.As far as comparisons to other games, this is more like Tropico that anything else (which makes sense since it's also Kalypso). If you've played it, imagine matching farms with factories and seeing palace guards fight.. but not as good."
76561198040742757,Not Recommended,310470,18890082,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,rayd.abuayyash,"The only addictive thing about this game is the false belief that there is something possibly a player can do to spite its simplicity. After many hours, I decided that it was just my optimism keeping me going."
76561198074274135,Not Recommended,310470,32839492,Posted: 26 June,all,Glorfindel,It is a awesome concept. i love the economics behind it. the whole idea absolutly amazes me but lets be honest it is lacking... majory. the battles sadly do not have ONE SINGLE LITTLE BIT of strategy it is all auto resolved so that means you just build huge giant sized armies and let the computer resolve the conflicts. it makes wars useless and boring the game becomes quite repetative after you build like 5 cities! this game has so much potential but sadly the game makers are not digging into it. i love the idea of the game but it lacks a lot. if they would at least allow you to fight battles that i feel like would make it way better. maybe even add a few more resources and somehow diversafy the economy and somehow make it so its not so repedative. i cannot sadly recommend this game.
76561198008239360,Not Recommended,310470,18253287,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,rijuka75,"Oversimplified trading simulation. Have wine yards in North Scandinavia, coal in the next random town and so on.Decisions where you place your towns doesnt matter. Decisions what to trade doesnt matter. You have everything everywhere. Greatest challenge is the questionable autotraderoute AI.Normally your computer neighbours leave you in peace and spam their towns everywhere.Battles consist of spamming units in an endless stream. For some reason one of the computer opponents doesnt send units at all and loses his towns. As long as both sides spam units, no side will lose nor win anything - just an everlasting battle with endless resupply. Thinking about making a blockade around the town to cut off resupply? - No way, you get spamed everyway.Maybe you want to try if you or the computer opponent is the better spam clicker.... in this case have fun"
,Recommended,310470,18438709,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Nev,"JUST A WARNING BEFOREHAND THAT THIS IS A LONG INDEPTH REVIEW ABOUT THE GAME SO IF YOU ARE LAZY TO READ IT JUST SKIP TO THE BOTTOM OF THE REVIEW.Now before you skip this game over for some negative reviews talking about the difficulty of this game or it being set up for some overpriced expansions, just hear me out. This game has a lot of potential and while I agree it maybe kinda pricey compare to some of the older games with a very similar genre this game still have its own merit to make it stand out from the rest. Now let me list down some of the things that you should know before purchasing this game;1. THIS GAME IS NOT TOTAL WAR - thats right, some of the screenshots might a little bit misleading making some players to believe that this game is similar to the franchise that is Total War. I must warned you first that this game is not about total war but more on trade and economic warfare that an all-out battle between soldiers.2. THIS GAME IS NOT A POLITICAL SIMULATOR - the politics in this game is rather abysmal and frankly for me personally is kinda disappointing as there is really not much for you to do when it comes to politics; other than the occasional declaration of war and trade or any other sort of agreements between neutral and hostile cities/players. It is really simplified to the point where if you are to do any agreement between you and the AIs, all you need to do is pay a sum of money according to the amount of population they have. Disappointing yes, this is one thing I hope will change in the future.3. THIS GAME IS NOT A CITY BUILDER – too often I see people complain about the fact that there is little to no choice of placement of buildings within the city compared to the likes that is Civilization/ Banished etc so let this be warning to you: This is not a city builder, in fact I would think this is more of an empire builder than anything; you get WILL get the choice to place where you want you city to be, you WILL also get to choose what buildings you want to build in said city, BUT you WILL NOT get the choice of where you want said building to be place at in said city.THIS GAME IS A GREAT TRADE-EMPIRE BUILDER SIMULATOR! In fact I would say it shows a somewhat perfect way of what capitalism is all about. Now I’m not here to talk about politics, I’m here to talk about the game itself. One thing great about this game is that really challenges you to make use of what confined land you are given/ spawned in and how to make use of said land’s natural resources.As you may already (or not) know, there is 20 resources that you must take advantage of in order to make the money that you need to expand your trade empire. To acquire said resources you must build businesses that will generate the resource that your city is geared for. Another thing you must also take note is that the MERCHANTS in this game that you HIRED are completely in it for their own profit. They will not work like a mindless drone controlled by some human player on what and what not to buy for no profit for them at all. (Though if I am not wrong there is a way for you to do that after researching a technology) They WILL go and buy whatever they think they could make some form of profit from and WILL SELL it to any FIRST CITY they go to that they THINK THEY CAN SELL FOR THE HIGHEST PRICE. Of course where the merchants goes to is completely controllable by the player but how and what they is mostly determined by the merchants. You can control this somewhat by controlling the trade route that you set them in manually or by building the warehouse and designating the resources you want them to stockpile for resale in another city by another merchant. This may seem very complicated at first but after playing it for awhile (or reading the guides that some of the community has made) you will eventually get the hang of it. This game has a nice balance in micromanagement and macromanagement and may be for everyone.Warfare in this game though pretty much boils down to a numbers game with a simple rock-paper-scissors format where archers beats swordsman, swordsman beats spearman and spearman beats horseman. Maintenance of the troops is also somewhat a problem in the early game where you have no money as the troop’s payment is rather high and note that you must maintain the troops with supplies from your nearest city as well giving them a range penalty on how they can from your empire. Most of the time a spam of mercenaries would be enough for most situations, only at times you will need to have a small contingent of elite troops such as knights and the likes. Another thing you should not is that certain units are regional base and can only be hired at certain regions. There will also be the occasional raids by bandits and the likes where you can build an archer tower to kinda counter it. A problem I have with this would be the large attacks of wild animals like bears and wolves which the developer has will looked into.  There is also a naval warship and the likes but it’s pretty much the same as the land.So here’s the indepth review/ preview of what this game is really like. Now some might argue that this game is unpolished and is set up for future overprices expansions but basing it off on Kalypso ‘s, the most expansive it should be would be around 20 dollars and below. Now I’m saying it based on SGD (Singapore Dollars) pricing so I’m not sure what it would be you monetary terms but I’m sure if they do make it so pricey it would be worth it. Take a look at Patrician IV: Rise of a Dynasty. It’s a pretty pricey amount for a DLC but hey it was worth it.NOW FOR ALL THOSE WHO SKIPPED ALL THE WAY DOWN HERE, HERE’S THE SHORT VERSION OF IT:Pros:Stability – No crashes so far, all in all pretty stable even on the highest settings and when Alt-Tabbing in and out.Music – I personally love the music in this game, Nice and soft medievalish musicGraphics – It’s actually better, in my opinion, than the Total War games map view and less laggy compare to their newer games. The troop details are not as extensive as Total War though.Gameplay – Campaign in this game is a good combination of basic tutorials and open campaign gameplay. Though be warned, it will still take a while to get used to as they do not explain every little detail to first time player. Trade is a big factor in this game and even more so than war or anything else for that matter. Do not be deceived by the Screenshots and trailers talking about war in this game as it is nothing more than a rock-paper-scissors numbers game. This game has a nice balance in micromanagement and macromanagement where trade is biggest factor for victory and is definitely not for everyone.Cons:Bugs – Like any game out there, there will be bugs. Currently there is a bug where you builder will start upgrading the road only to stop halfway even when you have all your necessary resources needed. Another bug is the occasional resource missing bug where it will say that there is a missing resource.Wildlife – Attacks by wildlife is ridiculous at times as there will be times they will spawn 4 to 5 Bears hunting down your merchants as you trade. It really breaks the immersion. One way I counter this is to build a couple of towers around the roads where they attack and manned them with archers.Warfare – Like I said earlier and I cannot emphasize it enough, it is nothing but a numbers game with a rock paper scissors format. The only other way to do war is to blockade the cities with ships/ sieging them with troops and starve the city out with something like a timer where troops on both side will die as the game progresses.I'll add more info to my review once I've gather more insight in the game."
76561198091954259,Recommended,310470,19739689,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Витез са Штитом,"Likes:It is a grand strategy covering medieval European (not entire world) history (not fantasy). A BIG Plus for this. Not too many new games like this - Attila and only partially Crusader Kings 2 and Civilization V.Cool graphic. I wished that CK2 had it like this. Very good solution. You have strategic view but you can zoom in and you see a city into the details (no need for separate window). I would only like more variety, more faces, more colours and flags and most importantly that developers add different cities look for different regions. And I would prefer if the characters and soldiers were less comic drawing and more reality shots. Bonus plus, that humans are scaled to fit everything else on screen, enough with those giant soldiers covering entire city.It is a complex game not too easy to learn, yet not too hard.Dislike:Overly agressive AI opponents, for my taste, for a game like this. Large minus.Not too many difficulity levels. Three. There is no one for the beginers, easy or so.Things that I like to be more improved as mentioned in upper part of the review, were I wrote about better part of the game. In another words, it is published earlier than it should be. But I guess that seems to be a standard nowdays, with majority of the games, unfortunetly. However all that can be added latter if the developer continue to maintance the game.Overal, I recomend the game.I wrote this, just to give support and incourage making of more games simular like this.Allthought I am not sure if anyone will read this. :)"
,Not Recommended,310470,25374712,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,civoco,"I've always wanted a game like this - an open sandbox empire building economic simulator.  While this game checks off all those boxes, it does nothing more than that.  Grand Ages Medieval is laughably simple and can be mastered in under a half hour.  Not understood in half an hour - mastered.  I've seen some reviews say this game appeals to Crusader Kings 2 / Europa Universalis 4 players.  As someone who has put several hundred hours into both games, Grand Ages Medieval does not compare.  If you're looking for an in-depth simulator, go elsewhere."
76561198065794653,Not Recommended,310470,29347540,Posted: 18 January,all,james.z.goudreau,"This game needs about 2-3 times the number of resources and a few more production chains.  They could have done so much more.  Obvious trade goods that come to mind weapons, horses, stone, marble and dairy.  It feels to me like they took every short cut and cost saving step they could to put a minimal product out and covered it with pretty scenary and called it a day.  I hate giving bad reviews but it is what it is.  The game also randomly crashes periodically."
76561198026327285,Recommended,310470,23389631,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,sirkadrix,"Grand Ages is really fun for the first hour or 2 of game play.  I really like their concept of the trade routes and getting goods to all my cities.  The problem I see for this game is that after you've got a few cities and have obtained all the trade goods it becomes very repetative.  Build a few cities and create a trade network among them and repeat.  If it was possible to obtain more numerous and more rare trade goods to add to the network it could be more challenging and more interesting.The military aspect of the game is very simple and unimaginative.   You build a bunch of troops and throw them at the enemy.  You have almost no conrol over your troops once in combat so battle tactics and strategy aren't much of a factor.  It quickly becomes very tedious once you go to war.Im dating myself here, but it almost reminds me of Caesar 3.  Really feels more like a low complexity city builder than a Grand Strategy.  This game has alot of possibility, but just needs some fine tuning to make it replayable.  Replayability is where this game really falls short.I give this game a 5 of 10"
,Not Recommended,310470,18237088,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Blyndside ☭,"Another Kalypso published game missing the mark & just creating another remake.I've played Port Royale, Patrician & Rise of Venice, I'd definitely like to start off by saying I love trading simulators in fact I love most economic simulators & even military simulators, my love for them definitely started back in 2003 somewhere when I played my first Port Royale, I think they're great but in recent years the economy ones have been stagnant with no innovation what so ever, you can literally install most old & new economic simulators by Kalypso & with out a doubt get the same experience, with the poorest one lacking some insane depth that which I hate to name Rise of Venice which was a complete screw up to me, and although that may seem irrelevant it's sadly very similar to this title Grand Age, in the way that the AI & trading works great & are its strongest areas, it just falls flat everywhere else, which I'd like to repeat to get the point across mostly to Kalypso & the developers who constantly keep creating these things.The approach they took with Grand Age, with land trading & towns is for sure awesome & a different approach than the sea trading simulators we usually see, but that doesn't seperate it enough to be that different.This is the theme I seem to be seeing since Patrician 3-4, Port Royale 2-3 & Rise of Venice, there is never any increased depth or improvements on their titles, I don't know if it's out of fear of changing the formula too much or just straight up lack of inspiration, but this is just another trading simulator, which I personally enjoy because of that, but it ends there I can't honestly recommend a title when I can as easily recommend another/older title that is similar.The trading is what you'd expect, it's fun, as it usually is & is only complimented by the AI, which I'd consider its only redeeming feature but it's an economic simulator, of which they've had years of experience developing, they can't ♥♥♥♥ it up at this point. The AI runs well, in fact in most cases the opposing AI will run better than you ever will, so it's not like you're not going to have a challenge, that and the AI traders you command do a pretty effective job, like they did in Rise of Venice, but because of Rise of Venice I can't say I was particularly impressed as it's not new, we've been seeing it for the longest time.Now sadly the amount of goods you can create or trade is once again limited, like in every other Kalypso published title of late, it's like they can't go beyond the simple variety of goods for whatever reason, so the maximum we have is 20, which means you can effectively create & distribute everything within the first 5-6 city's with good placement, the game sadly misses a lot of core goods that could be there, but I'm not really sure if this is that big an issue seeing as trading is all automated anyway. It's again nothing we haven't seen from past games, it's all still here with no improvements to innovation.The combat, like in most Kalypso games has always been there but they've never really been able to hit the nail on the head & in most cases I'm fine with that, I don't expect stellar combat mechanics from their titles, but Grand Age I have to say has the poorest combat mechanics I've seen in quite some time, it's a prolonged zergy mess, it takes way to long for combat to end, upto weeks for small scale battles & years or even forever for larger scale scenarios, when you & your enemy are fully developed there is no stopping the production of units, you can create units quicker than you can destroy them, so you end up with this eye saw of a mess bogged up in an area until someone goes bankrupt.Now that I think about it, they could have taken the combat out & my experience would have improved, that's how bad I consider the combat, you might as well just make it so you have to buy out all the competition, which is another issue I have with the title.This is where in my opinion the game falls off more than anything else I mentioned, the Towns/Villages & your interaction with the enemy through Politics & Diplomacy, it's all mediocre with no depth, Money gains you everything for the most part, influence/Sympathy & enemy towns, whatever you want to call it, it's all countered or based on how wealthy you are, it's not controlled by your actions or how you act. That also means if you want to destroy you opponent you can buy out their towns gradually if you're wealthy enough, though I have yet to see the enemy do or attempt this, probably because you'd decline as you're not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Towns/City's are all just Troops & Money spitters, they don't do anything besides that, they don't interact with you or with each other in any real sense apart from when you're using automated traders to pump more cash.I try not to compare games to other games that take completely different approaches to what they're trying to do, but there are definitely games out there that Grand Age could have taken from, Crusader Kings is a perfect example, hell even Mount & Blade could have influenced this title in a positive way, both of which are filled with depth, in the areas this lacks it, diplomacy/interaction/towns.Meh, I can only hope they introduce DLC that improves it in a positive way, I don't even care if they go down the Crusader Kings 1000 DLC route, as I'm sure economic simulators a somewhat of a niche genre anyway.This review is mostly due to people on the forums who are trying to get others on the forum to create positive reviews for another lack luster title.I apologies in advance if this review seems unorganised or poorly written, I don't usually write reviews for anything."
,Not Recommended,310470,33322232,Posted: 6 July,all,Remos,"If I could give like ""neutral"" finger here, I would. However, I can't, so I decided to not recommend this game because it is in -all honesty - a bit of a let down. Sure the economic system and the idea of conquering via money and stable economics of your area of domination seems like a good idea... it is just way too simple and as such gets very repetitive and boring in few hours. I guess this is a modder's dream game though.If you are a big fan of economic-sims, maybe you ought to catch this game in a sale, but for those who are just looking way to spend some time... nah, I just don't recommend."
,Not Recommended,310470,18211651,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,JJWolf,"I'm torn in saying this but it isn't worth it unless you MUST HAVE something to keep you entertained.Pros:- Found new cities- Choose resources to exploit- Very easy to pick up and play- Good for people with kids that interrupt gaming every 5 minutes (see shallow depth)Cons:- Extremely simplistic training, trading, battles, diplomacy, empire management (everything that puts depth into the game)As someone who enjoys depth this game is fully lacking in nearly every aspect from which I can get from any number of titles such as Patrician, Port Royale, Total War, Crusader Kings, Europa, etc.Examples:When you build a new resource production building, your town will get 100 new people and will gain new workers at a set rate.Diplomacy involves cash bribes and trading needed resources to a town until it reaches certain %'s and then you ask it to be part of your empire and it accepts...Promotion appears to be based on population so simply growing industry broadly is the best way of promotion while supplying your empire. There's no focus on diplomacy skill, martial skills, or economic management."
,Recommended,310470,18418841,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Segata Sanshiro,"This game seems to have gotten a bit of a bad rap. Coming from someone who has played a lot of Paradox games, Civilization and the like, I can safely say it's not a bad game.However it's not as good as it could have been, and that's what seems to have annoyed a lot of people. All the groundwork is there for this to be a truley spectacular game, but it just falls frustratingly short. Falling back to cliché car analogies - it's like someone took the time to design and make a very beautiful sports car, but did the interior lazily with some bad IKEA furniture at the last minute.It's missing that extra finish, those few extra mechanics which make the game far more fun and engaging (this could be anything from a political system, to more building options, etc.). Hopefully the devs will add this kind of stuff in, because it has so much potential to be a great game, but at the moment it's just a bit shallow.Also the game runs flawlessly on Linux ;)."
76561198043254294,Recommended,310470,34027845,Posted: 4 August,all,The World is a Sandbox,"Full disclosure: I cannot recommend the game for the USD 29.99 it's currently offered at, but if you get it as part of a sale, do pick it up.It somewhat resembles the Civilization series (the combat units even display similar mannerisms, stretching and flexing like the units in Civ 5). Contrary to what others have written, I find it a very polished and finished game: it doesn't break, runs clean and quick, and scales properly and evenly deep into the game. The little animations in your cities are lovingly done. The developer, Gaming Mind, is definitely capable. What others have picked up on, I suspect, is that the publisher dropped it because it probably underperformed for them, so no resources went into this post launch. But, again: it feels complete and is truly bug free.All that said, it really is only good for one playthrough because by the end of your first campaign you've completely tired of its repetitiveness. There is a decision tree for techs, but ultimately, it's all very deterministic and you'll have all techs halfway through the game, and if you've played it through once, there can be no surprises or alternate outcomes in a second playthrough. It's a fun ride only for someone who is somewhat anal and really, really likes to optimize an empire with its trade routes. I built a continent spanning empire with barely getting into any fights, which is what you will want to do because fighting is super tedious and seemingly never ending. The AI will just keep hurling new units at you and prolong a battle into a stalemate lasting centuries. Sort of ridiculous. Also, be warned: there is no victory condition, so your only reward in the end is to stop playing when you've achieved a sense that you built your perfect empire. The game won't give you any attaboys."
,Not Recommended,310470,18768295,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,nusensei,"Grand Ages: Medieval is interesting in that, outwardly, it looks like many things that it isn’t. It takes its name from Grand Ages: Rome, in turn descended from the Imperium Civitas series (Glory of the Roman Empire, Imperium Romanum). However, Medieval is not a city-builder. From trailers, the game looks similar to RTS games like Total War, but military conquest is a token inclusion. The idea of trade and economy might bring up memories of Patrician or even Europa Universalis, and the top-down view even resembles Civilization in some ways. Grand Ages, however, is none of that.At best, imagine Civilization with every part of the game stripped down, and the only thing left over is the resource management. I do not exaggerate – resource management is the only gameplay mechanic of this game. It is a very specific niche with a very specific appeal, and there’s that satisfaction when you figure out how to do it right. Sadly, that doesn’t take long at all.Despite many complaints that the economy is too hard to figure out, it is actually far too simple. The core of the gameplay is centred on the production and distribution of 20 resources, including grain, wine, metals, and so on. Certain resources can then be used to manufacture more advanced goods, and in turn luxury items. These are then sold via trade routes to other cities for profit based on supply and demand. An observant player will realise that succeeding in the game isn’t really based on conquest, but understanding how to get resources to where they are in demand.Mastering the economy starts off with establishing trade routes to cover the resources you don’t have, but once you build new cities with specialties or source from other towns, you’ll find that you can easily supply the 20 different resources internally quite easily, and from there it really comes down to distribution. An understanding of shipping routes on a FedEx scale, with hubs and spokes and warehouses, makes more sense than manually buying and selling. The game features a rather generous auto-trade system with the AI-controlled traders picking items based on demand and always selling at profit. As long as you have enough resources being produced, and enough carts to carry said resources, there’s nothing impeding you from turning an easy profit.Military conquest is barely a thing. First you get annoyed at how your troops get obliterated by packs of hundreds of wild animals that stop your trade routes. Then you set up a strong enough economy to click the train button a few hundred times to build a massive army that takes ages to siege down a city. You either blitz through whole empires with weak fortresses, or spend weeks sitting outside a town to see which HP meter goes down first. There’s no control; just which blob is bigger. And if you don’t want to play the military game, you can just buy out cities with the infinite money you generate.Perhaps what is most difficult to swallow is that the game isn’t challenging or difficult because of the depth and complexity of the game. It’s because the game’s interface is shockingly designed. For an economic empire builder, there is a surprising lack of information on-screen. Most of the vital information is hidden through several menus. Fine-tuning your economy is more a matter of manually checking lists and then, much to the hatred of my wrist, having to click on what to build, whether it’s more carts or more businesses. It’s agonising that these things aren’t automated or at least provided with shortcuts. Most of the time I spent in the game was looking at menus and clicking the plus button a hundred times.The game features a campaign mode, with a story-driven conquest based around the Byzantine Empire, as well as a free-play mode where you can play anywhere in Europe. The campaign teaches you some basics, but is very easy to complete once you master the economy – which takes around 6 hours. The fact that there is only one campaign is sorely disappointing considering the whole map is there, which leads me to believe that Kalypso has another dodgy DLC model in mind. This lack of replay value destroys the value of buying the game. If you’re looking for endless new campaigns such as what you might get from SimCity, Europa Universalis or Civilization, you will not get that satisfaction. It’s just too quick and easy to get a strong economy going and very little challenge.This ridiculous tedium, lack of complexity and low replay value renders Grand Ages: Medieval a dismal game. If you like drawing lines on a map, clicking the same button a thousand times and watching a number go up, you might like this game. Even then, you’ll tire of this within a few days. This has been the easiest, least challenging game from Kalypso I have seen.For a playthrough of the campaign, see my video series:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbSrMih8cl4"
76561198021174095,Not Recommended,310470,18263590,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,shadowpuppet,"Okay Okay..... Everyone is moaning about going bankrupt and army costs and how its a reccession simulator. Well its not your are just overproducing the same commodities or your town management is not right.Right for people who are thinking of buying this game the promo videos are misleading to say the least and the game on the videos are not quite the game you get, Internet shopping right?? BUT... this game is fun and if you stick with it you will have fun so lets get starting on this review.The campaign is really good and gives you really good advice and help to advance through it so thats a bonus. Start with that because if you do an open game you will have NO idea what to do. The trading system is good by adding more traders and carts to different locations that you in in reach of because of supply but it lacks depth as all commodities can be produced well.....anywhere. Wine in scandinavia? furs in egypt..? that really needs tweaking. Diplomacy needs looked at as everything costs a fortune be it gold....commodities amongst others every lord/emperor/prince i have met are greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Combat is really a cluster ♥♥♥♥ and that is probably the worst part of the game from roaming lynx, bears and wolves who all dwell in caves and no matter how many time you deal with them breed like rats and just come back. I do like the bandit camps and that is more realistic and once you destroy the camp its gone. But you cannot destroy the caves and they will respawn. Combat seems broken I had 5k troops VS 240 bandits and during the battle only 1200 could fight.... so 3800 were standing around the batle cheering on their allies its just not right. Wolves and lynxs can be dealth with but the bears JESUS what do they have machine guns??? they just slaughter your troops, info on bottom battle panel"" your polearm does no more than glance off the enemys formation""i mean come on?? I have do deal with machine gun wielding, phalanx formationed bears IT REALLY NEEDS WORK.Now the expansion part is fun and gets harder as you go along now you dont always have to take over towns by force it will cost you far more than you need to. You can do it via diplomacy granded you are liked by their population at over 95% by selling them commodities they are running low on and also your sympathy is over 80%. Population liking i get but sympathy i dont.... Also when you start a campaign you have 8 competitors or how ever many you set but wheres the victory conditions or any idea on how to actually complete the campigh you have just started...... does not say it anywhere maybe you just take out your competitors right??? you would think so but they are always 10 cities infront of you and have atleast 5 x your army its like picking a fight with an apache gun ship ffsI seriously hope this game gets patched or they need to start giving money back to some people who may have been mis sold PPI..... sorry thats another subject. For the reasons of the promo videos and serious lacking of battle gamplay, no victory conditions on campign and general gamplay issues i would really like to recomend this to anyone that i dont like. Buy it if you like and if you like it im happy for you may even have a game sometime but just rememberwatch out for the machine gun wielding phalanx formationed bears :)"
76561197961602918,Recommended,310470,18236044,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Deritus,"First off, this is an economy game. The trailer is misleading. Take a moment, let that sink in...Right then!The combat is extremely simple; Total War this is not. _Do not buy it for the combat._ It's also a bit fiddly and could use a little improvement for what is there, but it boils down to Rock, Paper, Scissors with a ratio control. Have a lot of archers vs a lot of melee and no horses? Bonus to damage, and so on. It's a game of balancing the combats, and numbers. Pure, simple, numbers. If you can field and finance more than the other guy, you'll likely win.Overall, it's more akin to Patrician than many others I've played, though there is a bit of a Hegemony vibe in there, and a bit of those progress quest-like games too. Numbers, numbers, more! MOAR!The trading is the main point of the game: setting the towns up and picking production to create profitable routes, and expand your empire. Grand Ages: Medieval, however, takes a little bit different of an approach. Instead of being able to micro everything, you're controlling the macro. There is no placement, there are no trees to worry about. You plonk down a business, and once it generates some workers it's off an running. Additionally, you can't just make a bunch of traders and have to worry about paying them - you get 1 per city (though you still have to pay 'em.)It's all about the routes, and the various ways you can set those up. It's oddly engrossing to sit there and constantly tweak what's going on, and I've caught myself losing hours to it."
76561198045394542,Not Recommended,310470,18361093,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Quevedo,"Ok. I liked this game. But don't be deceived by its title. This is a trade simulator which resembles Patrician IV or Rise of Venice. It is not a city building game since you cannot plan your town or choose the location of key buildings. City management is not as complex as that of Civilization series. There is a lack of variety between regions. It feels the same whether you play in North Africa or in Scandinavia.Nonetheless, if you liked the Patrician series, you may also find this game interesting."
76561198053954100,Not Recommended,310470,24528657,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,NoBull,"Edit: this game has pretty much been abandoned. Could have been a great game. Add mod support at leasthad high hopes for this game but its very dull, things build way to slow, mechanics seem off, cant make your cities your way, and very limited resource types. really nothing to it at all......cant recomend this game at this point"
76561198008886460,Not Recommended,310470,18224801,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,GaulinV,"this game has the potential to be a good game but it is not. it is simply way to repetitive and the ai is basically invisible on the european scale campain. the fact is the the game is limited to 8 players, (one per  starting region) is a good idea considering that it will give you place to expend. But expanding is nearly impossible! Since you'll basically go bankrupt after your third or fourth town. It simply doesn't translate well the economy during the medieval era. There is no taxation sytem which is weird considering that most european economy at the time where based on serfdom. The economy is based soly on trade and even if you can technically raid or siege, you will not get there before many hours of gameplay and even then your econnomy will be so fragile that you won't be able to do or gain anything by it! i wish i could get a refund for this but since i spent way more hours than the maximum required for the refund policy in order to learn the bases of the game i won't be able to get one. DON'T BUY IT!"
,Recommended,310470,18189425,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"To sum up, this is a game very similar to Patrician with Civ 5 diplomatic elements and very simplistic Total War combat mechanics. Even then, I would compare this game to the classic, Knights of Honor (go buy that and thank me later). The game, aesthetically, is downright beautiful. The towns feel alive and are incredibly visually appealing while the soundtrack is peacefully immersive and you're immediately drawn into this economic simulation Gaming Minds has presented for you. It's actually really peaceful and enjoyable just to watch your (eventually) sprawling country to just ""live."" How's the gameplay though, you ask? It's alright. Relatively simplistic and easy to get drawn in to it's a pretty barebones simulation of economics on a Medieval scale. You build this building to make ""this resource"" while paying ""set amount of money"" as salaries and upkeep and sell the excess as profits. It's not exactly innovative or unique but it's most certainly competent and can be relatively stress-free unlike games such as the Guild 2 where market fluctuations from all manner of events can make or break your Dynasty and personal relationships can increase or decrease the longevity of your life span.The combat in this game can also be clunky at times. I don't know if it was intended this way or is just glitches but it seems like troops don't always want to engage troops that are already currently engaged which is rather strange. I found myself battling this problem while trying to take over my nearest neighbor who seemed to have been protected by his city's selection box.All in all, the game isn't bad, gameplay-wise it's your standard economic simulation, and not much else. Aesthetically, artisitcally, it's downright gorgeous and it makes for a damn beautiful game to just vicariously inspect.Gameplay Footage and Overview:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thNCs4itz6A&feature=youtu.be"
76561198064284210,Not Recommended,310470,24904928,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Anaconda Al,"Grand Ages: Medieval blends economy management with Crusader Kings II-esque combat between the player and AI or other players.The game revolves around building towns in areas on the map which offer access to specific resources, dependent on the region. The game looks good from a graphics standpoint but the combat is lacking, involving little more than building a stack of units and right clicking another stack just to watch them fight it out. The economy management part of the game is very lacklustre, as it is far too easy to get access to all resources and build the buildings which allow you to build tiered resources e.g access to honey and fruit allows you to craft mead, and after this point the game is won by simply building an army and steamrolling opponents.Overall the game is not bad or broken, it just feels very unfinished. Like an EA game due for half of the base game content released as DLC, but it has been out for almost a year with only one patch that dropped a few weeks after release. Definitely not worth the price tag. Maybe worth $5 for a few hours of entertainment or to play with a friend."
76561198018438262,Recommended,310470,18204114,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,WarriorOfStark,"After playing a few hours on this game I can see both good and bad things about this game, ultimately I feel it is a good game, but I need to explain why..The Pros:This game has been released in an outstanding condition, not once have I experienced a crash or come across any bugs, accomplishing that in this day and age with the sheer amount of different computer setups you can find is by no means an easy feat, so kudos to the developers for that one.The game is a nice fresh breath from games like the TW or EU or CK games, this game is more focused on trade and building an empire than it is with combat. Combat does appear in the game, but you do not control it, like the Civvie games for example.Management of trade and production can be both manually controlled or automated, allowing you to play the way you want to.The cons:Content. As it stands the game is quite hollow, there is definately room for the game to be fleshed out in almost every aspect. Content has clearly been removed or never added with the intention of being made available via DLC.Mods. As far as I can see there is no mod support what so ever, but then again the game was only released yesterday, so we will see if the game will become moddable or not.Conclusion:A good game but it is in need of fleshing out, I personally do not mind paying for DLC, but only when the game adds something new to an already fleshed out game. Take Cities: Skylines for example, the new After Dark DLC for that game is by far the most outstanding and worthwhile DLC I have ever purchased. What I do not like is content being removed for the purpose of DLC just so developers can make more money. GAM is a good game, it certainly has potential, but the path the developers seem to be taking in terms of content/DLC, I am not sure weather or not I will purchase any DLC if and when it comes along.One final note: the price.This game is NOT worth 30 pounds, I pre ordered at a discount which I am thankful for, if you do not own this, wait a while and see what the developers do with it. As another review said, wait for a steam sale, or wait for a GOTY edition with DLC included.Bottom line, wait to purchase and give it time."
76561198036488211,Not Recommended,310470,23155904,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Motorhead,"In the beginning I though that this game would be good. I looked at gameplays and trailers and I started to get hyped for it since it looked pretty nice. Once I got the game I started it with hopes of a new empire/traiding game where economy would be the focus since that is what they said (devs,youtubers etc..)After a couple of hours I managed to create a little empire after several tries whilst learning the game. I discovered a place where you could see other empires and how well it went for them and so I went in there to look and I beheld the empires that had blobbed the entire map while I only had like 4 cities the AI empires each and everyone had atleast 10 cities... I thought to myself ""well i better pick up the pace then"". After an hour I had 15 cities and my army was big until I saw the size of each and every other AI empire.. 30-40 CITIES EACH??? Wtf? So after this I started over and this time i did my best to build up a stable empire and I grew quickly but even when it went quiet well for me the AIs spammed cities everywhere and they all had perfect economies. I coninued to play the game because I wanted to find a way to win but since every other empire took decisions every milisecond they could easily defeat me in a war that they started.After this I quit the game for a while. I came back to again a while later and I started to look not into myself for problems but into the game instead and the games Economy system is broken. It does not work as economic systems would work in a logical game or reality. Lets say I produce Salt but I need timber in order to produce it. So would it not make sense to create a timber place next to the salt factory to minimize traveling time and costs? Well not to the game since if you do this then you lose more then you gain... WTF? DEVS?? DO YOU EVEN LOGIC??I was very disappointed in this game but I learned a good thing after I noticed that I could not get a refund. I learned to listen to my gutfeeling and not to buy on impulses. After this game came out my personal economy improved not just because the game was good but because it was♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WANT AN ECONOMIC GRAND STRATEGY GAME.BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WANT A MOBILE GAME ON A PC. I rate this game 1/10 the 1 is for nice graphics."
76561198125152030,Recommended,310470,18187364,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,★|Dranix™|★,"Grand Ages: Medieval.I was looking for something different to play and came across this n so far i can say its well worth it! Its mainly focused on the Trading/Economy side meaning that u dont have to just have a large army to defeat foes.In my own opinion this seems to be a mix of Civilization 5, Total War: Rome II & Banished n if you have all of them like me than i recommend giving this game ago!The military combat system seems to be basic but gets the job done althought hopefully gets updated in the future.On the otherhand the graphics are amazing either looking up close to your city or looking from above at the landscape.. you wont be disappointed with it."
76561198035345941,Recommended,310470,18488557,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,jimithyone,"This is a trading game, Not a city builder or a combat game, While it does have some aspects of both of the latter, it is a trade game first and a good one. Do not buy unless you are looking for a trade game in the first place."
76561198053470122,Not Recommended,310470,19003352,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,MJohnH,"This is a strange game. It includes aspects of diplomatic, military and economic control but, frankly, only the economic aspect works and that is strongly reminiscent of Patrician.The military aspect of the game is poor. You research techs and build units, which are very costly to maintain but you have little control over them other than pointing them in a direction and letting them get on with it. Mounted units move faster than non-mounted, and get into the action first. Some simple way of keeping the units together when moving would be nice.The diplomatic aspect of the game is not much better. You can negotiate agreements with mayors of cities or competitors. You need a Peace Agreement before you can ‘see’ into a city in the same way that you see your own. It doesn’t follow. To me, a way of setting up a trade mission would be more intuitive.You can take over cities militarily or by trading. Sieges are boring and quite why you should be able to take over a city because you supply it with goods eludes me.The trading side of the game is all Patrician. There are no real views to help you manage your empire; each city can produce only five products out of a total of twenty and some of the products require research and consume other products, so there is a supply side problem which is the most challenging aspect of the game. Once you get to the point where you have twenty or thirty cities to manage, plus the traders that are necessary to move the goods between cities, all your time is spent micro managing the production chain.Events happen; fires devastate areas and volcanos erupt at amazingly regular intervals. Wild animals are annoying.I bought this with high hopes but was disappointed. It’s nowhere near as good as the Civ games and frankly, Patrician works just as well as a trader game.Not recommended."
76561198011250352,Not Recommended,310470,18342095,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,yopdog,"Unfortunately this game gets very repetitive after a while. I really tried to like it, but the game is simply not interesting."
76561198019832065,Not Recommended,310470,24364014,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,umnu22,this game gets pretty boring after you build everything in the first few hrs i think kalypso needs to take another look at this game maybe add something to the game if not proley wont be playing very much more done lost my interest
,Recommended,310470,18187804,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ritlew,THIS GAME DOES NOT AUTOMATICALLY RECOGNIZE NVIDIA GRAPHICS ON LAPTOPS THAT ALSO HAVE INTEGRATED GRAPHICSto fix this go to your nvidia control panel > manage 3D settings > preferred graphics processor: Nvidia processor
,Not Recommended,310470,18251904,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Grunt,"This game is just flat out boring as dirt. Even when trying to just play it focused entirely on economy, there's not enough depth nor a solid foundation in place to be fun in any way.Maybe it'll be significantly improved over time. Right now - bleh.From combat standpoint you'll have more fun watching paint dry, or your dog chase his tail since he'll be spinning in circles, just like units during battle.This game is shockingly boring and just... unfun so far. Very unexpected, and a shame. An expensive shame.I think I'll have to see if the Steam economy is working and try a Refund action."
,Not Recommended,310470,23974683,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,kingtigger,The game held my attention only for the fact that I enjoy economic simulators. However I had a serious problem for there felt like the game was going to recive tones of DLC yet it did not. The game lacks diversity as the trade system along with the combat system feels bland. Overall I would not purchas the game unless you can turn off your fun setting.
76561198008655999,Not Recommended,310470,29024549,Posted: 4 January,all,mgm1492,"Dreadful, boring almost like a board game in electronic form. after 3 hours there is absolutely nothing to do. i left the game and made dinner and came back nothing had happened, to have that in the first day of game is dissapointing. to all those that are expecting to build an empire you wont, you have no control of buildings, locations or upgrading buildings with the exception of a few, you plop down a city, build a road which literally takes 3 seconds and set up a trader and thats it-done. now wait for 10 minutes and repeat. I peronally have had it Kalypso, i have wasted so much monry on their hit or miss products and this is definately a miss"
76561198106013105,Recommended,310470,18325071,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Galactic Origins,"Grand Ages: MedievalThis is a way cool game. Forget about the negative reviews. The developers have released a ptach that fixes many release day issues. Also, this is a not a total war game - the battles are fought on the strategic map between the units.Speaking of which, the Military is way cool. There are several unit types including Spearmen, Archers, Axeman, Swordsman, Cavalry, Mounted Archers and the cannon fodder unit Mercenaries. Also, each Region has a unique unit. Poland has Knights and Kiev has Crossbowmen as examples. All you need to be able to recruit the unique units are two things: Unlock the unit with Development Points and have the appropriate Barracks in that region.However, long before a Military can be raised a player must conquer the Economic System. Grand Ages: Medieval has a way cool economic system. Each town may have up to five production commodities. In order to increase the size of the city the production must be increased. This will cost money and lumber and bricks = lots of all three. As the city expands the population will require more different goods to be happy. Increasing a city past 1,000 population is good for income but the city will want more different goods.The citizens of a city will use the commodites stored there and this mean income. The larger the population the more commodities requried by the citizens. More variety of goods are also needed. Really large cities generate good amounts of money.Trade routes are also important. These can be set up to run automatically or by manual. Trade routes are the best at making money.Settlers can be recruited to expand the Kingdom. As cities are created and they grow more Territorial Claims will increase. This will eventually gain the player a new rank and along with it Development Points. Development Points are required to unlock more commodities, infrastructure improvements, and military units.Military units are very expensive, both in gold upkeep cost and comodities used. Grain is very important for the military and the cities. The early patch of the game lowered the military gold upkeep costs by about 50%, making it more possible to to have a military = once the Kingdom is large enough to support the troops.Grand Ages: Medieval is not a short game, however, gthe game speed may be increased as desired. It is a true strategy game at its finest. This is now a really fun game to play."
76561198006607480,Not Recommended,310470,18193332,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Stoffeswe,"Good concept, bad game...It is a rather poor trading game. Trading is poor, combat sucks and it is generally missing content.Too bad it took me more than 2 hours to realize that, otherwise i would refund it."
76561198004930490,Not Recommended,310470,23996755,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nexrema,"Gets boring after 2 hours of game play.Basically think of this as Civ V or better yet Civ BE and all you do is found cities and set up trade routes that you forget about.It would of been fun if there was more to the game such as strategic military, espionage missions, more in depth exploration, congress, crusades. There are so many examples of what the game is missing because the only thing to do in this game is setting up trade routes and overwhelm the enemy with military units...This game seriously needs more content/DLC. Way too repetitive!"
76561198018372051,Not Recommended,310470,19035845,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,LadyGaga,Lack of depth in game. It stoped beeing fun pretty fast even though I like these type of games. I regret for wasting so much money on this :(
76561198006243109,Not Recommended,310470,18201025,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Ronin75,"I am very disappointed. I have expected this game to have far more depth. What you get is an extremly  hollow shell ready to be filled with DLC. The devs could have put in so much more effort to fill this world and make it a deep and intersting one. The framework is there, but you can cover all there is to do in this game within an hour.  You build up your towns, which by the way is unimaginatively bland, and you set your traders to automatic trade. That's basically the game in a nutshell. Mind you, this is suppose to be a game based on trade and it's a big fail. The trade aspect is nothing compared to Patriacian or Port Royal.There are of course a few more other things you can do, like building an army and counquer your rivals but its not the core of this game and it's as well poorly executed and shallow. Also, you simply buy up every neutral town around you within minutes, because it is far more efective than using an army and the battle system is not enjoyable anyway. I really wanted to like  Grand Ages Medieval, as I have been following the game's development for a long time, but it's just another example of pushing out company greedy products who's whole existence is build on spamming DLC. I don't mind DLC, as long as you at least put effort into the base game and give the consumer a well rounded product, especially for the asking price. This is not some an indie game that's in early access for years. There were times dear developer and Kalypso, when Ascaron made top notch quality games filled with content at release. This game is nothing in comparison to those. Get back to your roots!"
76561198071276039,Not Recommended,310470,22303727,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Matches,"I'll keep this short simple and sweet.It's a copy/paste of port royal 3 (WHICH I LOVE) with 0 added depth.  The ground combat/mechanics added into the game are so devoid of life it's hardly worth mentioning/exploring/PURCHASING this game.I'm a niche player, love these kinds of games.  This one is just 100% completely lacking depth, and anybody who says it has depth is a very simple person and there is nothing wrong with that.After you have 5 cities, your brain just goes on a never ending loop doing the exact... same... thing.  5 cities and you have unlocked 99% of what the game has to offer.It's simple...  That's how to describe this game and the reason I absolutely wish I never bought it.  I was hoping for more, but this game is like a baby step into the strategy genre.  Strategy is a broad spectrum mind you!  Graphic monsters like the Total War series is the Call of duty in the strategy world.    And Hearts of Iron is the meat and potatoes when it comes to the strategy world.I'm not saying the game is easy mind you, just that it's TO SIMPLE!!!!!"
76561198036171817,Not Recommended,310470,24381886,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Hammer,Wasted time playing - there's not much to the game at all. Very simplistic and gets boring quickly.
,Not Recommended,310470,24487038,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Onebadterran,"Curator Review:Grand Ages Medieval is a fun twist on medieval age trade systems. Currency is definitely a big deal and it is up to you to create a massive trade empire. Expand your borders through war, diplomacy, or bribery and create an empire to span Europe! This game was a lot of fun to play and is a great concept. Unfortunately, Grand Ages Medieval ended up locking up my computer and being the only game as of today I have ever requested a refund for. It is most likely a compatability issue with recording software. Until it receives a patch removing the computer breaking bug it receives 4/10https://youtu.be/Bcm1WQ4DodU"
76561198106975733,Not Recommended,310470,18230828,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Canis Lupus,"Empty, not enough types of resources, doesn't give enough explanation about what is happening in your economy, the soundtrack is bland, the voices are reused and have like 10 lines of dialogue, the combat is non existent almost... The events are always bad, the landscape is identical and the campaign is impossible if you actually do what it says.Great concept, terrible price, terrible execution, empty.5/10"
76561198007299273,Not Recommended,310470,21495575,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Tim,"This is one of those games where i wish there was a ""meh"" button.  but if i am forced to look at the combination of price and game then i have to say no... this game is just not worth the 40 euros it costs right now. I estimate that in its current state it is worth about 20 euros.now for the more comprehensive list of points:I spend some time playing this game and there are things that i like and things that i dont like.The things i like:- The game map is really big and looks well developed.- The economy system has sufficient dept where you actually have to spend some time learning how the game works before you can setup a ""perfect"" economy- There are sufficient guides provided by the community that you can use to learn how to play the game. This is required because the the tutorials in the game do not really teach you how you should play- many of the core concepts of the game are good.Things i dont like- The AI is in my opinion overpowered to the point where i cannot beat it even at the lowest difficulty levels- personally i missed a ""free build"" mode in this game where i can just mess arround without any ais killing you.- the number of different reousrce buildings you can build is 20. This is enough to give the economy some dept but ithe production chain is a bit simple compared to other games such as the patrician series.- you cannot permanently kill beast lears/ bandit camps requiring you to micromange the military.- The militrary is relavily simple where the army with the biggest combat strength simply wins a battle. personally this is fine with me, but if you are going to buy this game then you would probably like to know this.Overall i would say that the game is pretty good, but not great, and not worth the 40 euros asked here on steam. Therefore i cannot recommend it."
76561197975888939,Not Recommended,310470,20636515,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,MooFreaky,"I really REALLY wanted to like this game.Unfortunately, there is just not enough to it.  Once you understand the economic system (which is fine and relatively simple once you have your head around it - it is HORRIBLY explained in game though) the game comes down to a repetitive cycle of ""look at list of industry production vs used"", ""select relevant city"", ""build relevant industry"", ""look at list of industry production""...Your economy will crash the first few times you play, until you work out how the system works on your own (the tutorial will actually make it harder to learn).It's so easy to get all the resources you need, without even thinking about it.  You can get a massive economy by trading within your own empire.  Anything outside of that is just with a handful of neutrals for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles.  There is no need or even reason to bother trading with another player.  Why help them? It doesn't help you (well... nowhere near enough to be worthwhile).There needs to be more reason to continually expand.  More reason to build further away (you can easily have all your cities in a small cluster cuz pfft no downside).  More reason to interact with other players.There is so much potential here, but it is wasted with half formed idea that feels like it is waiting for an expansion or DLC."
76561198039944734,Recommended,310470,18577631,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,child_of_air,"I actually quite enjoy this game, although it took me a great deal of time to figure it out. Bascially, the management of the economy is the most important thing of this game, and making sure that you have balance with towns producing certain goods, but not an overproduction is the way to get ahead. I think the tutorial should go more into depth because I really had to flounder a bit before I figured out how to do the basics.Once you get your economy off the ground and have several cities, the game becomes a little on the tedious side. I would like to see more different types of commodities, and also more random events that haven't been implemented- both negative and positive. Also, marriage alliances would be really cool to have as well, it would be nice to take over a town in this manner. Why not? That's what the nobility did.I'd like to see more action within the town, and maybe some other visitors besides traders to the town. The game has a great framework but it needs to be built upon."
76561198007842882,Not Recommended,310470,24201891,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sillyflower,"I was so looking forward to this game. The concept is fabulous, and I love the medieval period and resource management strategy games. The map is gorgeous and the systems are easy to learn. The tutorial is well designed with a good story - as long as you don't follow the instructions slavishly but build  2 more groups of cities as early as you can.Sadly, the game was so dull that I couldn't even be bothered to finish the tutorial  - probably for the 1st time in my life. Once you've leaarned how to set up a group of fast-growing cities trading together (hopefully with every resource between them) then that's all there is to it. Just rinse and repeat and build large all conquering armies withou any economic worries. Doing this without even the tutorial story would be unbearably dull and free of any challenge.Such a shame. What there is is good, but it's only half a game."
,Not Recommended,310470,18192591,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,You taste great,"Fairly boring after 3-4 hours of gameplay, repeatative. Over priced. Dont see any replayability. AI very predictive."
76561198032509924,Not Recommended,310470,26199902,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,jakob,"Not really all that great. It seemed awesome and with lots of possibilities, but when it finaly came out it was a quick play-and-forget game. If you are into management games it will get quite boring after 10-20 hours of playing time. I turned to other games quite quickly."
,Recommended,310470,18234302,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Sleepstalker,"If you can pay attention to details and micromanage your trade routes, product productions and keep everything in balance, this might be a game for you. It's was grand strategy tag that brought me to the game. After 17.3 hours, I completed the story with little over 14 Mil and 40 groups of troops. I am not sure why (as per the threads and complaints) everyone is having issues making money, getting enough sustained income to allow for a large army to pretty much crush every town in its path. So if you take the time to learn the game, it can be fun. If you want Total War like the reviews keep comparing this to, recommending looking elsewhere."
76561198031235256,Not Recommended,310470,26566242,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,scott1,The game was very over simplified and just not as fun as it seemed in the trailer... If you can get it during a sale then give it a go but try not to spend to much.
,Not Recommended,310470,29217445,Posted: 12 January,all,Sokanas,"Title has the potential to develop into an amazing game, but it is lacking depth.Gameplay is basic and quickly becomes boring.It is pretty but sterile.Music and SFX are pretty repetitive.Campaign is boring.A better diplomacy system and combat system would've made a major difference, considering the lack of updates it gives the impression that the developer has dumped the title."
,Not Recommended,310470,21172390,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Nomadius,Game is stategic but lacks fun and is more of a brain teaser
,Recommended,310470,18212365,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,slovenian89,"Great Medieval Era trading game & economic simulator. This is not a city builder, nor was it ever advertised as such...not sure why all the negative reviews regarding it.If you like trading games, you'll probably enjoy this game."
76561197992673916,Not Recommended,310470,33166930,Posted: 2 July,all,Vosler,"i really really really want to like this game ,  mainly because it reminds me of port royal 3 but on land.the problem is i get super into econ games and with war? sure thats a great addition .... umm the hell is that? 252 bears? raiding my trade route every 2 minutes? O.o sorry that broke my gamming vision and now i can't play this"
,Not Recommended,310470,24374728,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,TundraFox,Pretty stagnant gameplay.  Nothing changes.  There is no bonus to expansion or new things to do.  All the resources are the same.
76561197989091284,Not Recommended,310470,29779605,Posted: 8 February,all,Zaharjev,"I got terribly disappointed. Looked like a ""great civilization simulator"" but after playing for a while you'll realise it's just some crappy trading game where setting up trade routes and moving goods is mostly what you do. Fighting system is also bad and made me laugh when I've been looking at my army struggling for days to slay just one bandit.If I had a real copy of this game I would have thrown the CD out and burned the box. Waisted my money here."
,Not Recommended,310470,24671826,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Stlrnate,"This game is broken, not enough rescorces. not enough AI factions for the game to be competitive. not enough fun to keep playing"
76561198055713781,Recommended,310470,19057753,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,57627,"Now that it has had a few updates, this game is a product worth buying. Like Crusader Kings 2, you can’t just jump into it and expect to automatically understand; the mechanics, particularly in relationship to supply and demand, took several attempts for me to understand. Unlike the Tropico series the goal is not to produce as many goods as you can, but just as many as your towns consume, then link them up with merchants. Supply and demand can be discovered under the “All towns” tab in any city and once you have a trading route the money starts flowing in. After you’ve established a strong economy, it’s a blast using your massive financial reserves to manhandle other players or A.I.s; buy them out of their towns, amass a massive army, whatever you want to do. However, you will get bored of it after you understand it and have played a few hours over the last few days. Without a modding community through the Steam workshop, every map is basically the same or a subset of the same map of Afro-Eurasia. There are also goods that are not included in the game’s original 20 goods that might make an interesting addition, such as marble, incense, and spices. I would give it a 9/10, but because of the lack of modding diversity I give it a 7/10."
,Recommended,310470,28777481,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,D3thRipper,"I really don't know why this game has such harsh reviews but I love this game, it has a pretty nice setup, just wish there was more different types of military units, so far that's the only thing i dislike about the game but other than that it is nice. I'll rate 8/10."
76561198038466696,Not Recommended,310470,18192620,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Downright.,"The controls are fiddly to operate,the tutorial is obscure,the music and sound effects not that good either,but worse it is boring ,just not fun, not clever , not challenging just  dull.I love empire building games,the more  complex the better but I really don't  want to play this silly,  cheesy,game any further . A pity,tons of potential wasted.....what a fizz."
,Recommended,310470,19492622,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,firefistus,"I would have to suggest this game, but I with a few stipulations.This is a very good game if you like Patricians IV.  It's more similar to Patricians than you first realize.  But after you start getting big you start to see there are differences between the two games, and in my oppinion enough to merit buying this game.One thing to note is that the business purchasing aspect of the game is much easier to work with, in that they have really good information on all your towns in one tab.  So if you can see how much coal all your cities are producing and just add a few more buildings for coal, then once they're built you have more coal.  And I think that's why people don't recommend it, because they have made accessing your data much easier.I DO miss doing quests, technically you can do quests for other towns, but they are very few and far between, and I felt like there was always quests to do in Pat IV, but it's very fun to create your own cities and build them up.All in all I really enjoy this game, and the trading aspect of things, if you're looking for a good trading/producing/town building simulator this one is great.One last note that should be mentioned, the developers in this game are AWESOME.  They have noticed the negative reviews and stated that they are working hard to implement what the community has requested for free.  They have worked hard to release this game, they are quick to respond to bug reports in the forums, and they release patches on a regular basis.  What more can you ask for in a good developer?"
76561198051166142,Not Recommended,310470,26076736,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Feetuska,"A very oversimplified representation of medieval life in Europe and Northern Africa. You basicly establish trade routes in which you import and export resources which your cities and other cities produce and after you have maxed the production capacity of your cities you just keep spamming cities and establishing trade routes. Rather boring. Oh and you can also conquer stuff. The combat is rather pathetic though and costs a lot so you are most of the time better off just buying everything. But honestly, If you want to pain a map just buy some painting program or something. Atleast they aren't so darn repetitive."
76561197989789822,Recommended,310470,22471434,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Clockwork Onion,"It's fun, for a while. Just like an Anno game, this game is fun as long as you are learning how to play, what to do, how to do it. But once you know how to get profitable towns and cities, it just becomes rather tedious, doing the same thing over and over again."
76561198040812363,Not Recommended,310470,18238451,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,ramonb,"I eagerly awaited many years for this type of “Medieval” themed game and gave it a shot…. 31+ hours.Sadly I must agree with many negative posts, the game is lackluster.No need to repeat (copy-paste) most things already written by other posters.I have played many strategy games since the early the 80s. In 1989-90 I played “The Magic Candle” (and still do via DosBox), a 25 year old medieval fantasy (w/magic) game (2 floppies) with much, much more depth and purpose than this 5+ GB game.The basics are there, but it needs some mayor rework (town(s) growth and management, trade, full army rework, zillion animal pack attacks, battles) and enhancements (music, politics, thing to do, missions, purpose, etc.) to keep the user interested.However I do wish the developers well, and hope they listen to us."
76561198007191282,Recommended,310470,18212240,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,[SoL] Throwback Jay,"The negative reviews mostly come from:A: People who didn't pay attention to what they were buying beforehandB: People who have no patience to figure out the intricacies of the game mechanicsor C: People who gave the game 2 hours to figure out whether they liked if or not before demanding their refund.Obviously, any of the 3 above are not gonna like the game regardless. This game is made for a niche audience, and the targeted audience likes the game. I personally find the difficulty to be a nice change of pace from the ""Press 'A' and something awesome happens"" type of games.The game requires patience and a slow build up to supremacy. My biggest gripe is that the servers are a bit shoddy on multiplayer and matches have frozen out quite a few times. Definitely worth a shot if you enjoy economic simulators such as Port Royale or games like The Guild."
76561198019022165,Recommended,310470,20376874,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,PathOfPain,"What a fantastic TRADING game! One of the best i've ever played.Now i've read quite a few reviews on steam because the game was rated at 44% at the time i bought it and i found a couple of things quite curious:1) Nobody said the game was a buggy mess. Nobody talked about any bugs.2) Everyone complained about believing it was supposed to be just like Total Wars games with detailed combat plus the trading aspect.3) People complained about not enough products, 20 is too low a number for them. And you can reach all those products with 4 towns.4) The ai is pretty good, even your own. But it should be better!5) There is already a choice on the main menu for future dlc...And the game is rated 44% for actually working and being a very great TRADING game? And you will notice the bad reviews come from all those early adopter that bought the game when it got out in september. Oh my gawd! Not another company that LIED to us and didn't give us what they said they would do! Oh no! Honestly, the bad reviews read like little babies that didn't get what they wanted so they smashed the game while crying to their moms!Now, on to a far more balanced review from a guy who didn't know this game existed before 2 days ago and didn't expect anything from the developer:- This is a T.R.A.D.I.N.G game. You build towns and must satisfy their needs so they can grow and produce more products that you can sell to other towns to make them grow. You earn money from selling to your own town and other towns. That's the basic concept of a trading game. It looks boring as hell, but oh god it is not! The balancing of production to fullfill the needs of everyone and not overproduce too much is QUITE challenging.- The map is biiiiig. Sure you could in theory build only 4 towns that only trade among themselves and do nothing else. But what about the other gazillions cities out there? Most of the time, they are too far for even a lot of traders to supply efficiently. So you need to build more towns, closer to them to fullfill what they miss. Cluster of cities is the key here and is easier to manage too.- Only 20 products to manage is not enough? Some of those products take 1 or 2 other products (That are also consumed by the cities) to be produced. It soon become a holy mess of dynamic supply and demand from hell and it is insanely fun.- I think the war aspect is pretty good for this game. The game is a grand strategy like Europa Universalis and you don't go into details like strategic combat (Like the Total Wars series). And honestly, you don't want to. Just managing your empire takes all of your time, you don't have time to waste on tiny or even not so tiny skirmishes. You have an empire to feed! And when war happens, it's a whole other ballgame! Now you need to supply the troops in the field, send more troops as needed and still keep your cities happy! It's like ratcheting the difficulty level. Oh and the ennemy can just attack those nice traders of yours running around and just ruin your economy! Hehehehe- So battle is like spear - sword - axe - archer - horse with a bit better units as your research them. Nothing fancy but from a grand strategy point of view, everything is there. And for those who believe you only need spears, i'll send you a couple of swordsmen to destroy your huge army of spears and we'll talk after that.- The game has no bugs at all. It still received a patch december 15, which is better than a looooot of games out there.- The game is very well balanced and polished. The gui is pretty well done. I haven't found a place yet where i told myself that the gui should have a button that does this or should have this automated. Nope, it's all there and thought for.- The automation of your traders is pretty good. You tell them which town to supply and they do all the trading for you. You only need to watch when they fill up their max capacity and improve it from time to time. That way, you can spend your time fiddling with your production of goods which is where the real challenge is. You have many ways of automating the trader and even can specify things directly if you choose (like buy X goods at Y price at town A and sell it at Z price at town B), but the more you mess with the trader ai, the more you shoot yourself in the foot long term.... Hehehehe- The learning curve can be pretty steep, but if you play the campaign, it's a huge tutorial and very well done (Plus, you get laid ;-). I believe it's also a bit easy because when you overproduce a good by quite a bit, the price of the good doesn't crash too much which would have terrible consequences on your budget!- The game is realtime with adjustable time speed from pause, to x0.1, x0.5, x1, x3 and x10 speed. Since it's my first game, i play mostly on x1 speed and pause when needed.- There is research. As you improve your level you can improve 3 things. It is a basic affair but with deep consequences. You want to put points everywhere, but need to schedule what you really need first. A couple of high end products are not availables until you research them (like making clothes. everybody wear rucksack before that! ;-)- The graphics are very nice for a game that don't really needs them, but hey can't say no to eye candy when everything else is great.- The potential for adding new interesting stuff into the game is fantastic. I don't know how much the devs are going to go there, but it's intriguing what stuff they could add to it. Just a couple more products with interesting effects would add new challenges.- There is a diplomacy of sorts to ally with other towns, even militarily and eventually take them over by money(prefered and easier) or by force. Each town is quite independent unless you face a uber empire.- One of the few game where i still haven't got to bed at 3 AM and still don't want to go and i'm not tired because far too engrossed in the running of my empire! xD"
76561198008220376,Not Recommended,310470,18222061,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Glappo,"So, I bought it and the asked for refund.I know 2 hours is a very small time to judge - but according to Steam rules that' s time limit to get money back if the product disappointed you.And the product disappointed me.The game was presented like the final Medieval simulation (ambitious, etc..)- at the end it covers only one marginal aspect. I'll explain better.DIPLOMACYDiplomacy does not exist, I think also in Alfa Centaure there were more options. We are in the age of Crusader Kings II - really some kind of effort for this aspect could give some flavour.ECONOMYThere is some resource management, and the economical model is nice (althought beoing not revolutionary - also less ""ambitous"" games like Cosmonautica have price / quantity variation).The system good - road - merchant - prices has become repetitive and there is a plenty of games that have already showed up being unsuccessful just focusing on this (look Offtrade Company).They simply become boring fast.WARAs the dev declared this is not a war simulation so the model is what is is.GENERAL ASPECTIt is just a personal opinion, but this game totally lacks personality. The name is Medieval but the same game could be ambiented on the moon or in every other age and nothing would change. It lacks the flavour of CK2 or The Guild, not mentioning Anno.At the end I find it overpriced for the containt."
76561197991273070,Not Recommended,310470,18245198,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,uaelord,just a waste of money and timenot recomended at allvery bad compat mechanic and economicafter 1 hour of play time you will be sure that you have nothing to do in this game
76561198007486006,Recommended,310470,25038999,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,claudiassj,"This is quite a difficult review to write...Is this a bad game? Not at all, and that's why at the end of the day I feel like recommending it - but certainly not at full price.+ Innovative gameplay: it is an interesting mix between a 4X (founding cities, expanding influence, conquering other cities, either through diplomacy or military conquest), a commercial sim (the greatest part of your entries comes from commercial routes, that you have to plan carefully) and a strategy game with some historical depth (I was amazed by the fact that when you found a new city, the AI suggests you a name that is geographically and historically accurate for the area and the period).+ Interesting campaign.+ Great level of detail.- The campaign is too short; after you finish it, you are left with a free scenario you can customise as you wish for endless games, which is perfectly fine, but the campaign feels a bit compressed and even wasted.- At certain points, really slow. You just have to wait and wait for you to have enough money to bribe your enemy, or for a city to like you enough through commerce for you to acquire it, or for you to reach a higher level so you can research that technology you need, etc...- Diplomacy is really shallow: you throw money at your opponents and buy their friendship and then their cities. You cannot exchange knowledge, or form effective pacts, you don't have common purposes or bias, just ""take all my money and be my friend""!- You only control the productive activities of you cities, and you can have only five of those in each city; then, you only have a very limited amount of ""services"" (castle, church, armory...) to build. As soon as you get enough money to build them all, all your cities look the same. Nothing to compare with the depth of managing a city in a Civilization, e.g.All of this said, I enjoyed the campaign, but I will not start a free scenario for a while!"
76561197990402022,Not Recommended,310470,24302909,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,gypsy.davey,"I really thought I was going to love this game. It looked interesting, thoughtful, stylish and engrossing. Unfortunately, after about 3 sessions I got bored. I started again, maybe that start city was wrong. No - I got bored even quicker. This is an excellent concept with good mechanics - it's just boring. Maybe next time round, the devs can liven it up - it does have potential but I couldn't really recommend it."
76561198084723427,Recommended,310470,26567410,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,StarNate,"Not a terrible game, but compared to Grand Ages Rome. it's a huge let down.....i would say on sale yes, not at full price."
76561198053555687,Not Recommended,310470,18283864,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,BugBunny,"Only for micro-management lovers. Automatic trade routes sucks (the ""manual setting"", which is actually a technological achievement, is good for nothing), interface is bad (you have to move your mouse just a bit to sell/buy 2 or 3 units more), and as other players have mentioned, diplomacy & warfare are close to non-existent (not to say some bugs when you're sieging 3 times the same robber cave).So, it's just a simgame about trading, but with only few products, quite lousy interface & very bad AI traders (they buy & sell at stupid prices, and again, the manual setting won't change much). Sometimes you win millions, sometimes you lose them, but you never really understand why (the trick is just to close down your factories and wait a bit, hoping you're not having some fight on).Like most sim games, it is still fascinating. Very good if you've got 3 weeks of rain coming.  But I'll stick to Total War & Paradox, waiting for Hearts of Iron IV (& Civ, if I'm in a nostalgic mood)."
76561198112189287,Recommended,310470,18203880,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,GloryToArstotzka,"In my own opinion, this is a very good game if you are looking to be a manager of things. I have been searching for a long time, and I found a good game.Pros:- Amazing trading system- Beautiful graphics- Fantastic city/village management- Smooth gameplay (What I mean by that is that there is little or no problems with running the game)- Few bugs foundCons:- Battle system is not unique in any way, to be honestSuggestions:- Make the battle system a little more like Total War fighting, and I will be the happiest motherflucker.- I hate to say this, but you should probably lower the price of this game to around 25-30$, you would probably get more people willing to buy this game. This game, I also hate to say, is not really worth 40$ SO FAR. If you add more stuff to it, though, then I won't complain.I am looking forward to the DLC. Unerde, the developer, if you are reading this review, I am happy with your game. I hope that you create other great games like this one. I don't care whether or not you want to consider what is being said in this review, I just wanted to write a review for this wonderful game.P.S. To anyone reading this review that is considering whether or not to buy the game, the people that created negative reviews are just picky. In my opinion, of course."
76561198075263945,Not Recommended,310470,30239483,Posted: 28 February,all,Brechnor,"Get patrician 4 instead and play free mode (not the campaign) it knows it's a trading game and works, stay clear of this it dosen't know if it wants to be a trading game, a city buiilder or a grand strategy and suffers immensly for it! I just found that game in the last 2 days and OMG IT'S GOOD!I just tried to pick this up again in multiplayer and it's about as intuitive as trying to program a killing robot in the middle of a storm wearing a blindfold, standing in a pit of death spikes... in the cold harsh winter. Without clothes.Kalypso, please go back to your routes, it doesn't have to be another pat game or ROV game but make a trading that is truly GRAND and not a whimper in the horizon, PLEASE!It's all too clear this game suffered from different design directions.Not only that but the art style of pat 4 is much better too.A medieval trader would have worked, but not like this."
76561197995249405,Not Recommended,310470,18214597,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Astartes,"Hard to recommend this game. I had really high hopes for it as a deep empire-building strategy game... what it appears to be so far is a micromanagement sim. This game makes features out of mechanics that many other games would automate, such as selling surplus goods to neighboring towns and buying up commodities that you aren't producing yourself. Want to unload your excess food onto your starving neighbors for some extra cash? Then you need to buy all the excess from your townspeople, load them onto a merchant wagon, wait until said merchant arrives at the neighboring town, then sell them your excess goods. A lot of work for what many games have reduced to a single button click or slider adjustment. Sure, you can set up automatic trade routes for your merchants, but production is never consistent enough to be able to rely on these, and even if it was I'm not sure what you would do in the mean time considering just how much of the game the trading mechanic makes up. Then there's the questionable ""sympathy"" guage, seperate from the actual relations guage, that is somewhat ambiguous and never seems to rise when it should. No big deal right? Wrong, good luck growing your empire beyond 3 towns without people able to consistently raise neutral towns sympathy ratings beyond 80. For these reasons and a few others I just can't recommend this game to anyone other than hardcore economy sim enthusiests as much as I was really excited for this game."
,Not Recommended,310470,18269477,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Rt. Hon. Sekonda McPikey,"I'm honestly broken hearted by this game. I envisioned a rich and detailed attempt at being a Crusader Kings with a Tropico flavour afforded by the humor of Kalypso. That it absolutely was not. The game is sparse, barren and utterly garbage. I'm sorry. It has the ability to be something fantastic one day but as it stands; right now, this is not something you want to play. If you're curious, you are being misled by the promotional material as I was. Review my library and see this type of game is my forté and it's a shadow of nothing. Very disappointed. I refunded after 72 minutes."
76561198079456630,Recommended,310470,18205496,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mechanikal Badger,"So far i've only played 5 hours, but so far im finding it fun if a little time consuming. the reason i say time consuming is just trying to get the hang of money. I say this because it when you start out towns will produce money for you, however they will eventually dip into the negatives by 1000+ and the lack of traders available makes it hard to get on top of it.But would i recommend this game? I'd have to say yes.Graphics - 8/10music - 7/10in-game 'commentary' - rather funny to listen, might have to turn music down.but it does have a bit of a learning curve. other than that id say its fun so far."
76561198001122021,Not Recommended,310470,18310621,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,phrik,Lacks depth and holy fak it's expensive. I honestly expected so much more depth. Consider getting Europa Universalis or Crusader kings 2 instead. You just send some traders out here and there and the melee has less depth than clicker heroes. Waste of money.
76561197999237391,Recommended,310470,18365927,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,stanleystevenmeaders,"This is an interesting game that's starting to really grow on me as I play it more and more.  One thing to realize is that you are not going to learn this title in a single play session.  There is a heavy emphasis on economics, trades, supply and demand as well as managing your overall production to influence your local markets and or crash your competitors markets.Given the era this game is set within, there is a limited combat system but for the most part it consists of ensuring you distribute your units equally so that no matter what units you face you can enjoy bonus damage versus what ever units you encounter and combat.  That being said there is very little control beyond this once your engaged in combat save the option to flee which will then cause you're selected units to run home screaming all the way.While this is a real time strategy game, in many respects it's plays much more like a turn based game.  Insofaras, each ""Week"" triggers changes in the economic landscape prompting the player to check each of their cities to ensure that any overstocks are bought up by traders to ensure the local market price is preserved for next weeks production cycle.  In addition to this each city is capable of producing only five out of twenty commonities meaning that active trading is essential to economic viability.  However you can only produce a single trader per city and it can take many weeks to travel along any of the longer trading routes a player might setup.  It is very easy to give into temptation and 'fastforward"" the game.  Which is a quick way to watch your economy crash.Pay close attention to any city under your control that displays a red explamation mark.  It means trouble, and if your don't fix it quickly.  Well don't blame me for the results.Its fun, it's interesting, In two days I've already put in over 20 gameplay hours on this thing.  But it can also be frustrating, infuriating, and more difficult than it seems.  Overall a fairly realistic world domination sim as it might have been experienced in medieval europe, albeit with much more up to date information on locations that would normally yield up only months, or years old intel."
76561198006533783,Not Recommended,310470,18240353,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,sickysickybrah,"I pre-purchased this game after watching videos and looking at screenshots.  I was led to believe that this game was somewhat similar to Total War in the sense that you build an empire and fight other factions.  It looked like the city building features were more in depth than total war, which is exactly what interested me the most.  It turned out that this game is completely focused on economics and trade, while all other features are an afterthought.  I just submitted my refund request to steam."
76561198037114511,Not Recommended,310470,18194414,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Redaisenjack,"Not very impressed, boring and most of all, you wont make any pogress inside the game. Seems like the game developers didnt bother to play much themselves to figure out problems like this.You'll be getting a few cities and merchants going, and then you decide you want to make some soldiers. Well to bad, you're always going to be right on the edge of making money, so investing in one measly soldier will tip the balance of your trading empires badly constructed finance."
76561197963176814,Recommended,310470,18350672,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,WinterFox,"This game is getting mixed reviews and i feel like i have to get off my lazy♥♥♥♥♥to review it to help counter it.this game is like total war, but flipped.  TW has emphasis on military with a backdrop of economy... this game is the opposite. Economy trade focus, and military runs in the background almost.to those who cant make money... you have to realize that every town consumes EVERY GOOD... and the larger the town the more consumption there is. towns can only produce 5 goods.  get better at trading. in fact... thats the whole design of this game, its awesome. Ive never had a bankruptcy problem in this game that wasnt my fault and i fixed it in due time.also the bigger the traders are (the more carts they have) the more upkeep they cost. dont send out traders with a billion carts if they arent using all that cargo space.have ONE... just one city with a warehouse with all goods.... all traders connect to that city. overproduce timber, bricks and metal wares (the are required for buildings not just consumption)now heres the kicker... all that economy is nice, works well etc.... but then you get into war. its fairly simplified and the total war series blows it out of the water on the TACTICAL scale. on STRATEGIC scale.... this game is actually better than TW. the AI will attack you and attack you to win... cities get sieged when the opponent is weak. total war series always left me frustrated with neutered enemies that would blockade a port and NOTHING ELSE.the tactical simplicity is actually a good thing IMO.... fewer options means more game focus on other things but most importantly the AI has fewer things to screw up.  all it has to do is allocate numbers to fight numbers, seige when not fighting. recruit and send reinforcements when possible. it does that brilliantly. gal civ series, civ 4, Total war series... all have failed to do what this games strategic AI can do. gal civ maybe could do it. starcraft 2 ai is also good.this game is amazing... ive been allied with an AI so i could see what they were doing... they were at war and all along their front they were fightingi havent played at the highest difficulty yet, but the only weakness is the AI has yet to declare war on me. i build up in peace while theyve been fighting each other for a long time."
76561197970835296,Not Recommended,310470,18210841,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Forrest Gump,This game is horrible I hope Kalypso makes enough money from cashing in there name with thisThe economy model is severely broken no real controlHell if your economy takes a dive and you can afford a buildings maintenance you can even turn it off or destroy it......leaving you permanently with a broken econ......leaving you with the only option of starting over.I really dont think they wrote this game....maybe bought it for cheap and are trying to sell it for a profit.
76561198040054799,Recommended,310470,18541797,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,ronaldkirkuk,"Ok, this is the most detailed and beuatiful game graphucally that I have seen in a 4X game. The game is deep and is geared around economics and strategy. The cities and villages come alive and feel like a virtual world growing and interactive. You truly begin to feel like a ruler and have to use your heads to be able to succeed at actually building an empire and becoming Emperor; but this will not happen over night or in a couple hours. This game requires great patience."
,Recommended,310470,18967193,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Cottondog,"I completed the single player campaign for Grand Ages: Medieval recently and overall though it was a great game. Yes, this is an RTS game, but the game is baed off of trading with other cities. Yes, there is combat in this game, but it is completely automated . In the game there are cool buildings you can build and unique resources you can raise for your towns. I do recommend this game, but wish there was more buildings and resources to pick from. After a while, I must admit, this game does get somewhat repetitive. Overall, I do recommend this game and give it a 7/10."
76561198006448302,Recommended,310470,19485765,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Ruesty,"Fun. Rise of venice like econ thats more edable.I would like to see a mod that starts you with a settler,builder,trader,scout, and no starting city."
76561198068562620,Not Recommended,310470,18269660,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,whiterock,"Extremely boring only the graphics were good, all about trading goods, no castle building, very limited attacking options, dont waste your money. When is somebody going to come up with a totally immersive middle ages game with all the great weaponry of the time with as much castle building as you want?"
76561198031609682,Not Recommended,310470,18220634,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Patchbay,"I decided to get this game pre-release version since it  was high on my wish list. Now that I have it and played it several times, it turned out to be the disappointment I hoped it would not be.  First of all the economy system seems very unbalanced. The game concept is that you set up towns and grow your population by creating new businesses, hence the more business the more citizens in your kingdom. The problem is that more business leads to an excessive amount of goods produced which are not consumed by the population or cannot be consumed by all kingdoms combined [AI kingdoms included]. So you end up with too many goods and now where to sell them, run a budget deficit, can't recruit new unites or deploy your army unless your cash flow is positive again. On the other hand it makes  no sense to lower production of the goods that are being over produced because that will result in a smaller population , less tax and a faster way to financial ruin. The Devs need to act fast if they want to save this game. Fix the economic system, balance supply vs demand (if you have a bigger population then they should consume more goods) at the moment that is not happening in this game. Would I recommend this game in its current form? Absolutely Not!.....its a bad buy. But I do think this game has potential and I would like to see it improved."
76561198028754454,Recommended,310470,18235344,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,ThonyRiot,"This game is right up my alley. Keeps me thinking and easy to get lost in....once you get the hang of it. It took me at least 4 starts to be able to get things off the ground somewhat efficiently. It takes time, a lot of time, to do things well in this game and keep pace witht the pc. That's how I want it, but it can be discouraging at times. It's got it's minor issues and things I want adjust but that goes for pretty much any strategy game out there. They said they haven't encrypted anything so it's possible to be modded and I do look forward to people tweaking a few settings, early game is rough once a military becomes necessary. Even so I've finally gotten a good game rolling and am loving the challenge of this game. Finally taken over a few towns, and more or less keeping pace with the PC factions who grow rapidly even on normal.Some may find combat a little underwhelming. It is pretty simple compared to the trading system. It basically always comes down to who has the better economy as battles can go on for years as you cycle troops in and out while trying not to go broke and expand at the same time. Honestly there's so much going on with the economy and expanding that you don't need to get dragged into the finer details of combat. I do wish there was more feedback for what is going on with the battles, That can actually be said for lots of things in the game. I'd really like more infomation on mouse over of many values because it can be really hard to figure out the breakdown of variables going into them.Is the game perfect, of course not, but I'm finding it really complex and entertaining, even if I did spend hours getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me."
76561198005584368,Recommended,310470,18203083,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,gnashar,"I like this game. Not sure I feel that the negative reviews are all entirely justified, though I get where some of them are coming from.It's a nice take on a medieval empire trading sim. I can get that if someone was looking for amazing combat mechanics, they might be disappointed - that's not what this game is.That said, personally I had investigated the game a little before I pre-ordered. It's as I expected - combat is pretty light in it. That's what I wanted out of the game, and I'm happy with it for that reason.Visuals are nice too - the world feels big, and it's pleasant to scroll through as you uncover it bit by bit.All in all, I'd recommend it if you like trading games where you develop your towns from a high level. If you're looking for a Total War style game with strategic battles, or an in-depth town-building sim, it won't be for you."
76561197999529427,Recommended,310470,18194657,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Stübi Senpai,"First of all, as there seems to be some confusion about it. This is NOT a City Builder game like the other Grand Ages titles were. I heavily recommend watching a couple Gameplay Videos before buying the game. Dont buy this game expecting to get another Grand Ages: Rome.Onto the Review!About the game:GAM plays in a no-fantasy medieval Europe. The player starts out as a humble trader, and slowly works his way up to noble and later even Emperor. The basic Gameplay consists of managing your towns. You construct different businesses and a handful of different support buildings (Warehouses to store more wares, a Church to raise the maximum population etc.). Meanwhile you send out Traders, trying to make a profit trough the basic ""Buy low, sell high""-principle. Competitors or neutral mayors can be contacted via a basic diplomatic system, allowing for trade or transit agreements, alliances and of course, war. Towns can be conquered diplomatically, by making yourself popular in the city you'd like to have, and then integrating them into your own empire. On the other hand they can also simply be conquered. However, standing armies are costly and battles can take a considerable amount of time. So War may not be the go to solution every time. You also have the option to found towns yourself. Settlers can be recruited to found a town of your own, with different ressources being avaiable depending on where you settle down.The good:- The game is fairly easy to get into. You might go into the red on your first and second try, as it's easy to overspend on buildings and diplomacy. But it only took me about an hour to get into it. Menus and controls are straightforward and easy to understand.- The game looks very nice. You can opt to get a birds-eye view from above, which is very useful when planning trade-routes or just getting a good look at your ever expanding empire. Or you can zoom in all the way and watch your subjects go about their work.- The Campaign is well done, with good looking cutscenes and a fully voiced narration. It takes you trough every part of being a ruler, introduces new concepts one step at a time, and adds a nice background story to it.- There's a fair variety of military units, depending on which region you're in. It's based on a simple rock, paper, scissors principle, with every unit being strong against one type and weak to another. A decent army composition can win even when outnumbered. So simply spamming wont get you the crown.- The development system is simple, but satisfying. It's your choice if you'd rather focus on more production, better roads (so your traders get around faster) or developing better military. The amount of different wares increases over time, and so does unit variety. The game branches out the longer you play.The bad:- Managing larger empires can be a hazzle. There is no easy way to manage all your trade routes, beyond a simple menu that either shows each of your traders, or each individual trading route. A big overview of all your current routes and what is transported on them would've been nice.- Wild animals and bandits can be incredibly annoying. Bandit fortresses can spawn upwards 2000 people. With the relative cost of troops it's very possible that you have to deal with repeated raids over the course of a couple hours, until you have decent units and enough money to support them. Animals spawn randomly around the map and will scare off Traders, causing them to drop their wares. You can get them back easily, which is fine initially. But once your property spans across multiple regions it becomes incredibly annoying to hunt all those fu*kers down. Animals also seem a little too strong, with a couple Lynxes being able to wipe the floor with most basic units, making it necessary to hunt simple animals with half an army. It would've been cool if patrolling was a thing, or being able to set up guards for your traders.- The game can come off as a little to easy for veterans of the genre. Once you get the basic concepts down, it's very easy to sit at around 1 mil in cash. At a certain point deep into it, the game becomes a formality of just buying the same upgrades in every town and watching the numbers raise. If you want a challenge, you'll probably find it in multiplayer.- More of a personal gripe, but I was dissapointed to see that the towns show very little visual represantation of the stuff you build. It would have been great to watch some big, buzzling towns, crawling with people. But the Towns in GAM stay rather small and undimpressive. This is especially sad for big cities like Constantinopel, where I expected to see some eye candy. It reduces the fun I get from watching my Empire grow.- The game as a whole suffers a little from wasted potential. It's functional, and what it tries to do it get's done. But it's nothing overly special. Many areas could have been expanded upon, and it lacks the long-term replayability that games like Europa Universalis or Crusader Kings offer. Compared to some of the more meaty contestants in the genre, it's also much simpler and less deep.TL/DR:A great game for people who enjoy games like EU or CK, but want it a little simpler. It could have been a lot more, but also a lot less. If you're unsure about it, wait for a sale. I'd personally pitch the game at around 20 Dollars to get the most bang for your buck."
76561198028252657,Not Recommended,310470,29195991,Posted: 11 January,all,bryantwesley16,"I bought the game awhile ago, played for 9 hours total then forgot about it. If your wanting grand strategy try somewhere else. Game is good for economical simulator about all. I bought it with high hopes. Not only that but since i bought it it still hasnt had any updates. Added events or features... Hey Kalypso mabee Paradox Interactive would let you shadow and see how real grand strategy games are made."
76561198002183209,Recommended,310470,33345419,Posted: 7 July,all,Holysniper,"Its a game that even late game i can play on a low end lap-top.Its a game that has a few obnoxious things about it like wolfes and bears raiding your trade routes. Or maybe that when your laying seige to a city, the moment the seige is dropped, even for a moment, you have to restart from the beginning. Also the low amount of diplomatic options. As well as the price for diplomacy, it just gets insane late game.Its a game that charges you the price of the commodity, to send it to another faction for a relation boost.(which gets to be stupid expensive late game)Its a game thats combat needs a little work, like perhaps the introduction of formations.......because your cavalry always gets there first unless you want to annoyingly micromanage the army. Seiges are annoying, and unit control ui is annoying as well.So pretty much its a game that needs a lot of attention. More attention than the devs have given it, which is sad because it could be such a phenominal game.I still find it to be fun game and im 28 hours into my first storyline game and am looking forward to my first play through of the open game, so even with its faults i recommend this game."
76561198133024724,Recommended,310470,20728493,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Seren1972,"I have read comments before purchasing the game. All I can say is that ppl are expecting too much too fast for the first release of this game. This is not Grand Ages: Medieval IV... it is the first one. All I have to say to those with such a negative outlook of the game is to think of all the wonderful games on their first release...they were not so amazing now were they? It took expansion packs, patch releases, etc. Give this one the same chance to work on it before writing such harsh judgements (the patch made to this game has already been released and fixed some of the issues/concerns identified in a very expedited manners, demonstrating how serious the developers are to make this game great). I decided to purchase the game disregarding the comments after looking at the various walkthrough and comments from SERIOUS players, not from those who just want everything handed out to them. This is a trading game and it should be about macro management, patience, strategies, etc. Please do not dumb the game too much. As for the army/warring aspect of the game, well, I want a trading game. If I want a war game, I would buy Age of Empires.There are some areas, of course, that do require improvement. Here are my observations so far:- The slide system for selling/buying goods is not very friendly, especially if you want to set a very odd/specific numbers.- True, the list of commodities is not really representative for the size of this map and would suggest adding more variety to the list. In medieval time, milk/eggs/bronze/silver/iron/beef, etc (you get my drift) were common commodities.This might generate various buildings such as Metalsmith, milkfarms, etc.- Notification system: I would love to see a similar alarm notification system for mayor missions and disasters as the one used for attacks or diplomacy discussion.So far, I am very pleased with the game and I am sure the developers are more than happy to improve it since they seems to enjoy playing it as well.I would give this game a 4 / 5 so far."
76561198076362633,Not Recommended,310470,20560183,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Steel,"dont waste your money the game looks good but no, its has a terrible eco system, enemy will just keep building cities even tho you know they shouldnt have been able to and the game just drags because you have to capture it then add it to your eco with traders, carts and manually ehh.... it goes on."
76561198072786433,Recommended,310470,20687232,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Turbocaveman,"It took me a while to learn how to set up a stable economy, but once you figure that out the game is pretty great and I haven't seen anything done quite this way before. It's like a combination of Banished and Civ3 and once you mange to get your production to match consumption you'll be able to wage wars. Playing on the big map is fun but I think playing on smaller maps makes the game more interesting, it's more competitive and your opponents play a better role."
76561198010383336,Not Recommended,310470,30364996,Posted: 6 March,all,Shealladh,"As it stands, the game tries to be too many things, yet never reaches either of them.AI is totally broken and is not challenge at all to conquer.Game mechanics are all over the place, like merchants that never buy things that are needed in your towns/markets, they buy the resources you make and just occumulate like crazy until you go broke.If you're looking for action, you won't find any as the fights are just random and no control or viewpoint.Everything is random, that is fine, but there should be more to it than just random, it should make sense.I would give a 0 Star rating, but cannot.If you really want to waste about 30 mins, and that's all it takes to see how mucch of a mess this game really is, then wait until they give it away. Even then you'd be wasting your money."
76561198024310733,Not Recommended,310470,18193344,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Der Kommissar☭,"I think this game is too one dimesional for me. I was really excited for this game when i first saw it, however, i must have been expecting too much as i feel this game is literally only a trading simulator. Extremely bland, got bored after 30 min. I am greatly dissapointed."
76561198016233395,Not Recommended,310470,26438995,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Augusto Pinochet,"('Helicopter ride out of 10')Although the graphics are awesome, the game is 1) quit limited in terms of diverse resources and production 2) Once you get bigger you gonna spent a ridiculous amount of time ""copy-pasting"" your cities everywhere on the map"
,Recommended,310470,29795826,Posted: 8 February,all,Sober_Bender,"Wont say this is the best Medieval stradegy game, but for micromanagement it has to take the cake. It lacks luster in the combat deparetment only because the game itself is mainly focused around trade. Is still a fun game to play, i give it a 9 outta 10. Just learning to play took me close to 30 hours. I beat my first game at 65 hours and made a guide to aid future players!"
76561198031534901,Not Recommended,310470,18295496,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Overrun,Bought it played it. Wondering how the other games I've bought are. So maybe in 2 or 3 months I'll play it again to see if it's gotten better. A game should grab you and make you want to come back...not this one...sorry really looked like a  winner. Keep working on it. And how about an explorer unit to travel and live off the land.Needs a Marco Polo. All my play area is in a bubble. They say there's silk on the far east. In my kingdom people who say that are crazy everyone knows the world is flat....at least in this game.
,Not Recommended,310470,18242718,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Multihack,It's fun at first but the lack of depth gives the player little enjoyment.
76561198161781792,Recommended,310470,18273833,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,HanShotFirst3791,"I'm giving a thumbs up solely on the basis that I'm into this type of game... In the same way that the Total War series is more appealing to a mass audience than the Europa Universalis series, GAM appears to be a very niched game that isn't for everybody. I have played the game a little but watched plently of pre-release streams.A large portion of the criticism of GAM has been deserved:- Combat tactics are non-existent, battles basically come down to who has more numbers.- Diplomacy is overly simplistic, even if this is a trading simulator.- It appears to me that my income derives mainly from selling goods to my own citizens rather than actual trade with other cities. The trade with other cities appears to only be for the purposes of obtaining different goods that drive my prosperity up.- In the features listed on Steam the game world is described as ""gigantic"" and consisting of over ""20 million square kilometres"". While this might be the actual area of the terrain that the region of Europe covers in reality, GAM is by no means something on the level of an open-world game or even a massive scale game. While not entirely inaccurate, this contributes to the game representing that it is something, yet delivering something else.The issue here is that the game was overhyped with the gaming community having the impression that GAM would be this amazing offspring combining the best elements of games like Total War or Europa Universalis. GAM is certainly NOT what some of the reviews I read made it out to be before release.Having said all this, I don't believe it is fair to place all the blame on Kalypso. There were numerous pre-release streams available for us to check out and decide for ourselves what the game actually was. Yes, most of the negative reviews of the PC version I have read came after release, but it's not like Kalypso attempted to hide anything about the game pre-release.I do hope to see marked improvements in the diplomacy system. I also feel that the combat system should be removed entirely if there is no feasible way to include some degree of tactics or strategy (however, I'm thinking something like what Europa Univeralis has for battles might be work pretty well).My thumbs up also stems from my belief that there is great potential for the game and it eventually will turn into something great. It would appear that a lot of the imbalances and problematic mechanics can be fixed with patches in the future. We will have to wait and see if Kalypso does keep its promise to improve the game and release some of the smaller content updates as free DLC.In its current state I'd give this 6.5/10 (again highlighting that I enjoy this type of game and it's personal perference). If improved I believe it will turn out into something special."
,Not Recommended,310470,18266483,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Parzival,"Trade game, with an unlogical and underdeveloped produktion economy and an untransparent financial system.Trading games can be fun when developed as such, this one clearly was not or very poorly executioned.Sorry to see the developers showcased this game as something it did not turn out to be, but then I already was suckerd into the presale.Waste of money!"
,Not Recommended,310470,18270696,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,JFK's my daddy,"This might be one of the worst 'strategy' game of all time. First the depth is weak as all hell, no wether effects for the most part and i can get the same♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere in the world. The military is extremely expensive, 2 cavalry and a axemen were enough to turn 7 towns all in the green for cash into an empire not turning a profit, this is not even in a war they could just be sitting at home. The battles take too long and the AI's in open world all just get the top alliance and if you do not then you lose plain and simple they never are agressive or try to hard one another. This game is so bad that i went back to SC2 to see how a real strategy game is made, and I wasn't even looking for a RTS. On a side note this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awful with a lot of graphics cards for no obvious reason."
,Not Recommended,310470,22106859,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ehni55,"Way to butcher the Grand Ages name. Its a shame that they didn't make the game like Grand Ages Rome. That game was fun.Grand Ages Medieval is just not worth it. I gave the game a shot, I played 1 game with 8 players to the end. It took me 72 hour. I don't mind getting 72 hours out of 1 game but I won't be getting anymore time out of it since there is no replayability.The game is similar to the Port Royal games, but not as good since you don't actually build your village.I regret spending $40 on this game."
76561197960991376,Not Recommended,310470,18213712,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Normann,"I was expecting something along the lines ot Total War with deeper strategy. This game calls itself as ""grand strategy"".Well... No battles like TW, although a few pictures seem to suggest that. Also no grand strategy here either. Game mechanics are basic. The original EU was much more in depth. All you do here is buil trade routes, and factories... yaaaaawn...This is really not worth $39. I played better strategy games on the ipad for $5."
,Not Recommended,310470,18210729,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,kru,A failure of a trading sim.
76561198093424933,Recommended,310470,19984758,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,✪♕♠♥Rias♥♠♕✪,"I wonder if kalypso pays their employess as much as this game makes me pay the soldiers,"
76561198008857630,Recommended,310470,18816534,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MythTrip,"I am just getting into the game, but it looks like a real winner. Nice trading/economic sim in the tradition of Patrician. Everything clearly laid out, I love it when I can quantify how much upgrades affect output. Then you can make decisions which mean something. Military does seem basic, biggest stack wins, but that never kept me from playing Crusader Kings 2 forever. I think this game got too many negative reviews by players who dont enjoy trading sims."
76561198014840178,Not Recommended,310470,24989566,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,aves,"Tried it, didn't like it. Devs just tried to clone port royal over without adapting the concept to a different context. 2/10"
76561198064443202,Recommended,310470,25512599,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,camillea,"The campaign is easy and rewarding except the over-reliance on money and trade. There is simply not enough military or city building, and far too much trader arrangements. Also most of the improvements in the towns are unnecessary and redundant and so are most of the troop kinds. It is basically just about money (perhaps real life was even in medival times, makes sense!). The normal business ideas are a little bit redundant here: For example a quick hint, if you are short of money (for example during taking over Odessa, or to keep armies in the field), take between 1-3 traders off the automatic route and give them 30-40 carts. Then take them to towns slowly fill them with the more expensive goodies (pomp, clothes, meet but also tools, beer, cake, wine and pottery). When they can't take any more (takes a long time), take the trader to Constantinople (or somewhere big) and sell everything at one. Yes, business-wise it sounds silly to buy expensive and sell cheap. But you get almost two million coins at once (think of it as saving under the mattress) which can be uses to buy town or keep armies. If you have more than one trader it can be a few million (useful for Odessa). So don't follow the sensible advice. I don't think this game really captures the essence of a country building game and it is far too much dependent on money. But having finished the campaign I must give it thumbs up although, I don't fancy carrying on with the open games which follows it."
76561198016198836,Recommended,310470,19377533,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,currierm,"I've been enjoying this game.  If you are a dedicated strategy gamer and like trade, ecoomy and strategy you should give it a look.  The highpoints are placing cities, planning your expansion, and building up a strong trade network.  Using trade and diplomacy to take over cities is a fresh twist.  The early game is fun and the AI is good.The current weakness is the end game- it turns into a grind.  You can have an overwhelming advantage and it still takes a long time to gain control of all the regions.  One idea- give the player a slider and make it customizable how many regions you need to control.  Combat is limited, but for me it's good enough to compliment the other elements of the game.  The new option to auto-retreat when troops drop below 20% strength makes sieges tolerable."
,Recommended,310470,20214621,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,mnlindwall,"Phenomenal. Just enough micro to be challenging, but streamlined enough to let you focus on more important things. Only gripe is it doesn't stay fresh the whole game, but it's still very fun. Worth the buy, would do again."
76561197998494738,Recommended,310470,18380912,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,theneille,"Suggestion: more end products of new production chains, using the same basic products. Variation of basic products by area of the map. A trader given with each town where there is a trade agreement."
76561198023437643,Not Recommended,310470,18205323,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Old Spook,"Hype buy. I just hate it.The economic model is broken, the military is fun but dont work because you will never have money to sustain it. You can have auto-traders, but to make money you will have to micro manage... and that gets really boring because all cities around you will already have the resources you are selling.Selling to your own cities or getting to the other side of the map is the same thing. You will get the same money going to the city close to your capital or going in 15 minutes voyage to Russia (from Spain)The AI bots just sucks: they will get more resources, money and tecnology, and will diplo anex everything around you.Can't choose religions. You will get mosques or churches because... i dont know. You just can't choose and that, for me, sucks.So, finally, dont buy it. Wait for new patches or buy it when it gets in Steam promotion weekend (10 dollars tops)."
76561198006786592,Not Recommended,310470,29158495,Posted: 10 January,all,Tree,Very little content for price. Npc has no apparent regularity to settlements. Honestly just a pure if your bored kind of game.
76561198030903987,Not Recommended,310470,18238262,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Marenki,"Premise of this game was good, sadly the execution fails.I hope that core game features has not been stripped to be sold in DLC's.Visually this is ok for the game of it's genre, campaign and story has nice feeling along it, at least to bypass the 2 hour mark for return.Soon after that you start noticing the obvious lackings which has been mentioned in other reviews.- Lack of resources: Total of 20, can be managed with 4 towns.- Combat: was not on my waiting list, but if you must implement it, please do it correctly. Rock/Paper/Scissors, but without obvious logic or effect on result. Especially if both sides of battles have all of those in mix.- Military expences: Rule of thumb 1 unit / 1000 people, sounds good, just don't end up in war.- AI: Situation X: make an bad offer, I won't accept your presence for x rounds. No actual negotiation.- Lots of other issues, covered by other reviews.Game requires patch or two to qualify even as a ""great early access game"", in current state it is no way worth of full price."
76561197990144502,Not Recommended,310470,18236254,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Badgers Ass Rocks then Rolls,"This Game is nothing like Total War.... So just stopThe Bad : There is a limited amount of resources and for a game that the main focus is about the economy and trading I would have imagined there would  have been speciallty products from different regions like silk from the east or spices ivory all the things that make the world so exotic and fun are not in this game. The Trading and the combat are mobile device quality without all the flashy things to click on.The military untis are meh. The combat is just send your troops blindly into combat until the enemy gets tired of hacking them down the key is to keep sending MOAR troops to blindly die. At first I would watch the fight and retreat soldiers that were dieing and send fresh troops in but that got boring so I just sent waves of soldiers at anything that wanted to fight. (It helped out that I had over 140 000 000) Also the barbarian hordes constantly are a problem when you expand to 20+ cities. I came up with a strategy: after destroying there village I would errect a defense tower on top of there dead corpses to remind them that there maw beaches.Its an easy game once you understand how to manipulate the Trade routes properly. Start a route with 4 close cities (as many as you want really as long as there not producing the same materials... unless the demand is so high you need multiple cities producing the same product) let the trader run the route a few times then click on the trader on the bottom left there is a barrel ""Change Route Analysis"". Once the trader has ran the route a few times he will have a good representation of the supply and demand on the route then add production slowly untill you get a feel for it add lots of carts to your traders (carts are built at the inn and have to be individually added to your trader)I was going to give this a Yes for recomendation then I wrote this review and even though I did enjoy the game it doesnt sound like I enjoyed it and the more I think about it I can not recomend this game unless it was cheap."
76561198009425218,Not Recommended,310470,18238273,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Boomba44,"I do not recommend for now, the game is missing alot of aspects and it makes it hard to play, I'm sure its going to be good in a little while. If you like games in witch you control your economie (you even control the merchants???) and your politics, I would recommend this to you."
76561198024491524,Not Recommended,310470,18227829,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dennisbr28,I looked so much forward for this game. But what a disepointment. Why is each region not with  different goods and culture. Its very limited game and boring after a few hours
76561198071439298,Not Recommended,310470,18241098,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Okies,"How to start... I really like these types of games and i really really wanted to like this... But it is severly broken and needs a patch pronto.I agree with most of the poor reviews that the AI should have been a bit better and town trades should have been looked over. But still I was willing to overlook these flaws since I like the spirit of the game so to speak. But what made the game totally unplayable for me is the military part of the game which has taken the brunt of the worst reviews as well.To start... The upkeep cost of the units are too much, at least in the start of the game... By the time you have an econnomy strong enough to support a large army, you are already making enough money to take over town peacefully, which in turn actually takes a lot shorter time. Here is the worst part of the game. You don't control armies or give them any directions besides pointing in a general direction and make them go there. and if they are intercepted by anything... Be it an enemy unit, a wild animal, or a scout... The entire army will attack it... Which i can kinda take... What I can't take is that a single battle takes... Months... and I'm not exagerating... I had a mission to conquer an enemy town by military force, Knowing the flaw of the combat system, I lined said town with troops before I declared war... And GO! I besieged the town, but the defences were too great, so I had to periodically recall wounded soldiers home to heal, a system that usually works... however bandits and wild animals blocked my path between my town and the enemy town... so now I have three enemy units blocking my way... and as I mentioned earlier, for some reason, a single battle takes months to complete... so while I had an entire relief force on the way to besiege the enemy town, a pack og wolves and bandits were able to hold my army at bay long enough for my besieging troops to die off... Once I had dispatched the wolves and bandit and continued on to the town... I had to re-besiege the town again, and the patch got more animals back to block me, holy hell! no, I quit the game after noticing the failed siege took over half a year, while I know sieges can be long lasting.... fighting off wolves with cavalry, swordsmen, and archers shouldn't take months.I want this game to work, but unless a patch comes out, I won't play this game anymore."
76561198008850953,Not Recommended,310470,18296946,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Kedishka,"There really is not much to this game outside of basic trade between cities and even that mechanic is clunky despite it being a pivotal part of the game. I'm really quite disappointed, I would not recommend wasting time or money on this game."
,Recommended,310470,18480981,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Stefurd,I don't understand why so much people don't like this game. It's actually very good. And i only played the campaign yet. Can't wait to try the multiplayer. I reccommend this to everyone who likes strategie games. There should be more games in this setting so we better support it! :)
76561198024156674,Not Recommended,310470,18326225,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mac,"This game starts out rather fun. The initial storyline is interesting but way too easy, The world is too small and there are too few resources. 5 per town and 20 total. You can make as many of those buildings in a town as you could want and in theory control those goods for the entire map. The world is just too small for a game of this scale. I defeated an empire out of Russia and controlled half the map just from capturing his capitol. You can control an area on the map with 5 towns. The economy makes no sense. I add up on my own all my income vs expensives and should be well into the green, instead I am losing money, much more than should be possible. The military units are very expensive for the small bonuses they provide and are just used for zerg rushing. You can have an entire army and only a few units will attack (I had 138 units but maybe 25% were actually fighting). The morale portion of combat is interesting but can be crippling. I had units that suddenly retreated and were stuck in a town because they had no replacements. Unfortunately that town was bugged (Vlore) and I ended up having to just dismantle those units. While this was happening, a rival empire decided to attack me. All my units were stuck in a town and I had no way of replacing them in time to save my city. The year is 1050 and there are no religious wars, really? This is a time of crusades and violent political wars.This game has a lot of potential and I hope the devs improve, but it is just too simple and easy to beat at the moment. Increase the map size, add more building types, add more resource types. Add more stories, During the middle ages there could be a mission for a crusade, or to defend against crusaders. Add more political and religious factions.If you played Grand Ages Rome, this product went in a completely different direction."
76561198252125920,Not Recommended,310470,18207885,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Rehet2,"TL;DR: This is a bland, dumbed down version of Patrician, with very little to manage for the player.The problem with the game is that most things happen on their own; you can't micromanage trade routes, you either do them manually or tell the trader to decide on his own. You can't plan your cities -all you have to do is build them and build certain businesses; people will appear out of nowhere to work in them.There is no micromanaging trade routes, no setting up production chains, no planning what to make next. The buildings and people to work in them appear almost instantly, so there is no planning what to do when, no strategic thinking, no difficulty and no sense of achievement out of builkding your towns.While playing this game I was waiting and waiting and waiting for something to do, some aspect where I can plan and manage and have an impact; seems to me there is none.Don't buy it. If you want a good strategic game like this, go play Patrician or Port Royale. If you think you like GA:Medieval, go on youtube and watch someone play it. You'll have more or less the same impact on the game, and you'll save some money."
76561198026475553,Not Recommended,310470,23242535,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Silent_Scythe G.U.M.I.,"I have played some hours too.At the beginning it seems funny, but soon it gets repetitive and therefore boring.There needs to be more freedome and technologies.All in all too less game for to high price. I regret my purchase.Would NOT recommand."
76561198054317843,Not Recommended,310470,22229089,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,silkyballz,"This game was pretty cool at first.  An interesting concept of having to manage the economics of your empire.  However, the bigger and stronger you get, the slower and harder it is to expand.  You can have a huge army but they have to sit and wait until you build up a new town otherwise you will not be able to supply them and their low morale will make them retreat.  Like I said, if you don't mind starting a new game every few hours because of sheer boredom/frustration, this is a good pick up."
,Not Recommended,310470,18216185,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,atom fenrir,"Disappointing. And extremely realistic, as far as the economy simulator goes. Once you screw up and go into the red, it's virtually impossible to recover from it. The unrealistic part is that your kingdom doesn't get overthrown by♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off peasants at this point...But that's pretty much all there is to the game. Very slow. High learning curve for simple game play."
76561198007270873,Not Recommended,310470,18210117,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Camulus,"I don't write alot of reviews but I will for this one as I had pre-ordered this game and spent a good bit of money on it. I won't go as far as saying its a terrible game but for the cost of it, it really does lack.-The music is bland and uninspiring. Might as well turn it off and put your own music on.-The combat is as others have said uncontrollable. I had sent out a mercenary unit to fight bandits and it literally took weeks of ingame time to have them fight, and they still lost, to BANDITS. Heaven help if you fight against another city state's military.- The economics seem broken as i'll have something like 70k of gold but keep loosing money and thats without the red ! telling me that i'm running deficits. I have the max number of traders with lots of carts going to every city that most of the other cities are at least doing well and dont have any buildings except an inn and at least 1 production building for each of the 5 production slots. Like another reviewer mentioned your finances always seem to be on the brink but when you build a military unit (which you'll need to do to fight bandits robbing your caravans) it seems to put you over into the red.-Graphics are ok. They are not crazy awesome. I expected to zoom in to the villages and really see great detail but its just kinda blah.-True the game doesnt crash, but for a game that offers rather bland content and a game that costs as much as this one did, I would expect it wouldnt.My personal lesson learned: no more pre-orders of games without actually playing a demo or an early release of the game. Certainly not for a game that had cost as much as this one. I'd think if the game cost $10-$15 maybe $20 it wouldnt be so bad, but the $33 i paid for it as a pre-order and their regular asking price of $40 well thats just too much.I do not recommend this game. If you like this sort of strategy game, buy one of the Total war series or Civilization. I dont think this game will improve as they've made their money and the developers are probably onto the next dev project imho."
76561198138928943,Recommended,310470,18205935,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,tmab96,"I dont understand the hate.  People seem to be upset it isnt like total war... idk why they thought it was gonna be the same i sure as a hell didnt.  The economy is challenging, but if its going south you have ample time to fix it as it isnt immediate debt its ""okay i lost 2k this week im going to lose 3k next week, whats wrong and how do i fix it.""  People are saying the economy has no depth, the fact that its supply and demand makes it have depth.  You produce goods to meet the demands when you start to be producing excess you have options.  1. expand and find new markets or 2. drop the production and create a demand for it.  Military is meh, but it isnt suppose to be in the spotlight. (atleast not yet i have a feeling because of all the hate they're change the war aspect)  The one thing i think that NEEDS to be changed is the upkeep on the troops.  Its almost more profitable to let the bandits just pillage your trader than it is to pay for the men to keep them safe.  or maybe i just suck at making money and think 1k a week is a lot while others may think its chump change."
,Not Recommended,310470,18208084,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Foxy,"I wanted to love this game, I realy did... I was so excited about it... but I found out that it isnt like Grand Ages: Rome at all... its a pretty bland version of port royal played on land ... the battles look nothing like in the screenshots and neither do the towns... well they look like it but the looks got near-nothing to do with the funcionality so its still disapointing :("
76561198063050158,Not Recommended,310470,18220648,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Birdonthewire,"The game is slow and dull, and there isn't enough meat to keep it interesting, so yeah, I urge you not to buy this game. I wish I could get a refund, but I only have myself to blame; I saw the warnings from others but got sucked-in by the trailer anyway."
,Recommended,310470,18201251,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Fadoodle,"GA: Medieval.Overal Rating: 3.5/5I'll say my first impressions have led me to see the game differently than most people have so far. I find the learning curve to be pretty steep as the tutorial only serves to help users understand the bare basics of the game. I'd recommend most new players play the campaign before setting out on multiplayer or an open game. I chose to play an open game simply because I learn better through trial and error and multiplayer rather than campaigns.Comparable Games: Victoria II, Civ 5Graphics:4/5No doubt the game isn't absolutely stunning in terms of graphical appearance, but it is ultimately very smooth in all graphical aspects. There have been some reported issues with Nvidia gpus and I am running a R9 390X and have not experienced a single issue running the game on any setting.Combat: 3/5Combat here could be positive or negative depending on what you're looking for. I find the combat to be exactly as it is in Civ 5. Each unit earns exp, can become stronger as it ""levels up"" and winning or losing fights depends on a unit's combat strength. Luckily there is a retreat feature for units in combat, so your units won't simply die right away like they do in Civ 5 if you're presented with a poor matchup. As of now, combat isn't great, but it certainly isn't terrible.Audio: ?/5I honestly haven't really been paying attention to the sound all too much as of yet. I've been entirely focused on learning all aspects of advancing my settlement. I'll update this later on.Content: 3/5So as expected of the growing trend from gaming companies in the last few years, most games are presented in a bare bone fashion with the potential grow based on sales of the product. Since this is the vanilla version of the game, there isn't a vast amount of content readily available. I imagine with expansions the game will get much better than it currently is.The main issue I'm having so far is with trading and economics. Combat is simple, but growing your settlements isn't simple whatsoever. Your settlement is given the option to produce 5 products in each town that you create. You upgrade them just like you do in Vic 2, you aquire the needed resources, wait a period of time, and businesses will begin to attract workers to your town. Based on the overall supply and demand of the products within your towns, the prices of goods will vary.My first few runs through I tried some rapid expansion and found that ultimately, I was trying to accomplish too much too quickly. I've tried both quick expansions wide and tall and found them to put myself in terrible situations later in the game. Understanding economics and the limitations of your settlements is key to success. It really is. Also, having scouts roaming around is very helpful. ""Ancient ruins"" as similar to those of Civ 5, spawn on the map randomly, granting resources and money.Gameplay: 4.5/5No doubt, I've been playing Civ 5 a lot and found the game to be quite simple once you understand the basics of your preferred strategy. Victoria II is a much more difficult game for me as the economics aspect is much more real. I give GAM a 4.5/5 in gameplay because of how smooth the game actually is. The game is live RTS just like Victoria II, you can speed up or slow down the game according to your own pace. There's no lag when experiencing a lot of interaction on the map. GAM is ultimately an unforgiving Grand Strategy game basically taunting all strategy lovers with the most basic question as you grow your settlement with the intent to conquer Europe: are you good enough to win?The challenge is good enough to keep me interested until I can conquer Europe on an open game mode. Also looking at this very idea from a time value of money perspective. The game is roughly $40 USD. In order to make the game worth the cost of buying it at minimum wage of $7.50 USD, a player would have to play GAM for roughly 5 and a half hours. That said, the game has proven to be worth my money even without the vast amount of readily available DLC which will most likely come later on.All hail Brittania!"
76561197993614809,Recommended,310470,18202849,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Timpoops,"Many of the complaints about this game stems from the lack of complexity in the game, which is true; the game is incredibly simplistic. It's a very casual game, but a good one at that. Keep this in mind when/if you buy, because the wrong expectations can break a game like this. For me though, it's right up my ally. If I want strategic combat, I'll play the TW series. If I want more in debth trading, I'll play one of the many space sims out there. If I want a relaxing empire builder with toned down elements of all that is related to 4X games, in medieval times no less, I'll play Grand Ages: Medieval."
76561198158772361,Recommended,310470,18212764,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Hugo Stiglitz,"After playing this for a few hours, i finally understand enough to post. It's a shame soo many people purchased this thinking it was Total War or some other game...To describe this game... It's a mix of some of the following games:Venice/Patrician III/Patrician IV [series] (trade)Hegemony series (Supply lines)Knights Of Honor (with updated graphics, but slightly dumbed down/simplistic combat)Paradox Games styled combatThis game is not:COD (Call of Duky, which I will admit I like... but this is not it)Total War (been a fan since the original Shogun... The combat is closer to games like Super Power 2)Paradox Strategy games (love them and own most of them, but the economy is not ""all connected"")I give it a 8.5/10.The Good... I like the Patrician III/IV economy, which is almost 100% in your control (other's merchants can buy your stuff [i think]). The combat... well, lets be honest, is a lot like risk... but with a heavy weight given to class (much like paradox games, some troops do better vs a specific type).The bad... Well, most people don't like to wait to build their economy (looking at you COD players) before they can build a massive one-sided zerg (like Darkfall). Lastly, the devs need to make a little video on how to develop your economy (for those of you/like me who don't like reading to figure out how to play the game a purchased 1+ weeks back).Once you play it a few hours (which you will need... as well as restarting a few times) you can build a proper network on cities and traders to balance your resources... Then enjoy your ""army funding city networks"".People need to play the game more before they decide to kill it with reviews...Just my 2¢"
76561198084598742,Recommended,310470,22294740,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Pixalwarrior,"I spent a good deal of time reading reviews on this game and learning what both sides had to say about good and bad. It is my belief that those people who wrote a bad review, went into the game expecting a full on strategy war game. Let me say this, the game is a simulation game with many bonuses. If you play this game expecting a simulation game you will be very pleased with the extras that the developers have thrown in. I am enjoying the time with this game and spend afk time considering what my next move will be.Let me offer a little advice to get you started, upgrade your products as quickly as possible so you have the full variety of merchandise to distribute to your cities. Keep your trade routes small to mid range and make sure that the route has most products available to purchase. If you go for a high end product in a city, pomp for example, make sure the same city is producing the other items needed to produce that item.When considering placement of a new city, think about what is available on the map around it. Is there access to fish, fur, metal or coal. Can you use these items for a more expensive product and will it fit into the current trade routes you have in the area?Take time to play the campaign. It will teach you some of the basics but there is still a lot for you to learn on your own and that is one of the joys of playing a new game. Try different things and if it doesn't work, well then you learn and add to the replayability of the game.I definately recommend this game. Have fun building your economy and buying out your competitors. Oh, and if that doesn't work, build an army and seige thier cities until they submit."
76561198007078400,Not Recommended,310470,18270521,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Brukhalian,Not very fun.You buy low and sell high over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over...
76561197983625698,Recommended,310470,18190204,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,I just like how coke smells,"This game is not a clone of any game I have played, but combines elements I loved in so many others I have played into it!It provides a lot of fun!  Game encompasses war, diplomacy, and trade.Trade is very easy to manage, but hard to master.  It involves picking great settlement placement, and trade routes to get raw goods to places to make them into finished goods.Such as coal + metal = tools.I have played and still play many in the genre:CIV, TOTAL WAR, and 4X games, Europa 4, and so on."
,Recommended,310470,18220088,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Gently Benevolent,"I really enjoy this game, but its not Total War, its a slow burning hardcore Empire Builder, War is expensive, if you cant support it you will fail!Very much like real war!"
76561198017803447,Not Recommended,310470,18404218,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,mike_ky81,"This is $10 game if that.Big disapoinment,it is pretty much like playing Patrician only difference  you can build cities,diplomacy is so basic,someone mentioned that it is bit like Knights of Honor and thats why i bought it,but it seems at first like it is but it is not.I cant be bothered to go into details instead read other peoples reviews i agree with negative ones."
76561198021954420,Not Recommended,310470,18194418,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Molinari,"I keep telling myself I'm never preordering a game again and then I do it. Well I shouldn't have.The difficulty curve on this game is stupid, and I say this as a veteran of Port Royale, and Patrician. It's impossible to even stay afloat and deal with bandits, let alone the AI once they get involved and threaten you with war if you dont give them everything. And the worst part is that the devs seem to be proud of how difficult the game is. It's literally ♥♥♥♥ing impossible you morons."
,Recommended,310470,20101402,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Trajen1973,"LOVE the game.  However, I wish there were a few alterations made.  There should be more trading goods that are relevant  to the region...similar to the military units in the game.  For example, beer makes no sense in the Middle East.  I also would like to see religion play a bigger role in the diplomatic aspect of the game.  These changes would broaden the scope and dissolve the repetitiveness that eventually manifests itself.  Perhaps people much smarter than I will take these suggestions and run with them:)  This being said, this is a great game.  The look, feel and pace are EXACTLY my style."
76561198079441214,Recommended,310470,20295451,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ciaran2001,"Okay, so basicly this game is about making a trading empire. You settle cities for resources, build buildings for production, and so on. The combat side to the game is rather simplistic and expensive, the combat system could use a bit of work.Region specific resources would be a nice addition too, but it's not urgent. Alot of people complain about, how depthless the game is, or how it's too difficult and you always end up with massive debt. Not true. The game has alot of depth with the porsperity system and trading system. Trying to supply a town with all it's required resources, and distribute the produced resources is a challenge in it's self.The game has a steep enough learning curve, however, after I played my first game and went on to my second one, I had the trading system down. I quickly gained a large cash flow and expanded like wildfire. Then I built a huge army and wrecked the AI.This game is for people who like Europa Universalis, Crusader Kings and such. It's a niche game which admittly could use a couple of additions, and a combat revamp but, I still really enjoyed playing it."
76561198040186273,Recommended,310470,18189252,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,GrayWolf8856,graphic card problem has been fixed. game preyty hard but well worth it.
76561198055288469,Not Recommended,310470,24964173,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,mouser010,"this is the most basic of games, there is nothing to the trading, mundane...horrible purchase, most boring game everdont waste your moneyGraphics are horrendous, many clitchesi dont want to send/sale/buy/sale and thats all this POS game is"
76561198038048005,Recommended,310470,18480828,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,DeValiere,"OK, so... as you can see by the hours played, I've given this game a fair play through and this review is based on my initial impressions. I started with the campaign which acts as a tutorial of sorts as well as I'm not one to just jump into a game and then blame the game for not being enjoyable simply because I didn't take the time to get a handle on the basics.So,  I'm giving this a 6/10 soley due to the fact that despite it's shortcomings, Grand Ages Medieval managed to keep me engrossed. There are echoes of other RTS and trading style games here, like the early Anno games for example, but you get no say in layout of your cities - the AI does a lot of things for you in that regard. I can appreciate that on the scale of the map, you may well want some help managing things, but at times this isn't always executed well.I do see potential here if the developer continues to enhance the game. Frankly, I feel like I'm playing an open beta that lacks the finer details and polish that a finished game should have. While I've encountered no game breaking bugs, there is just a fundamental lack of depth to unit rosters, diplomacy and warfare. The one thing that I cannot forgive at this stage is the LACK OF SIEGE ENGINE units in a game set during the Middle Ages that requires so much sieging to be done. Seriously, what were the devs thinking???To sum up, based on my observations and experience during game play thus far:Pros:- Big map, nicely rendered IMO- Stable with no bugs that I've found to dateCons:- Can get a bit repetitive - the addtion of random in-game events might help this - the only missions from towns are ""get me some of this and I'll like you more"" - needs more variety.- Battle mechanics are annoying and overwhelming force doesn't always mean quick victory.- Sieges favour defenders given there's no siege equipment in the game and sieging forces are easily distracted by small enemy untits. There is also a limit to how many units can siege.-  Ruins / Caves - keep away from them and don't build roads near them. Impossible to clear out permantly and when attacked spawn large numbers of wild animals instantly.Meh:- Unit veterancy is gained in battle, lost with replacement of casualties but would be nice for immersion's sake if your units could gain some permanent perks for length of service, battles fought.- The late game empires that  seem to form are difficult to overcome given the way battle and siege mechanics work. Micromanagement becomes a chore at a certain point.- Unit cap based on your ruler's rank - not size of your empire. Sigh."
,Recommended,310470,22240505,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sober Mans Secret,"Having just started this game and working my way through the initial tutorial and then into the first stage of the campaign i can say that this game is definately worth a look. A more laid back strategy game than a lot on the market, If youre looking for a total war clone this is not it. However this different style of play makes for a really interesting game. Commerce and diplomacy are key here and both are pulled off extremely well. Graphics are beautiful to look at and the sound quality is also fantastic. It's worth the full price but if you can get it in a deal or sale then it is a must have for all strategy fans. Put it on your wishlist or buy it now ( then add me up for some multiplayer )9/10"
,Recommended,310470,20838043,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Agent 56289,"I really don't see what everyone is mad about in this game.  Yeah, it is made so that there a crap ton of DLCs.  So is every other game in this day and age.I think that this game is a good combination of 4X, and grand stratagie type games.  Unfortunatly the city building is very much lacking.  Though it was something I was looking forward to I think that the rest of the game has made up for it.I think that anyone who liked Crusader Kings II, Civilization (any version even FreeCiv), and maybe Total War would like this game."
76561198038554605,Recommended,310470,20694285,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,eidane,the game is... for some one repetative. but whet those folks ofthen do is trade one city at a time. you do also need more cityes for more traders. automated trade and trade lines to the correct towns. some folks might end up whith the al repetative and so on or always in minus... if you find ourself in minus you are doing things wrong and need to think what you are doing. you can also just trade only whith your towns and do like rusia. but whats the funn in that?is the game repetative? then dont look at rome dont even think about sc2 agenst AI...dont ever think about seeing a single strategy game. cause some of it is always repeating. if you dont do it that way you loose. a litle repeating will do so you actualy know what to do.
,Recommended,310470,25266457,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xue-tenantSHEEP,"A fun game to play, takes ages to conquer the world as the city limit is a pain and bandit camps respawn as soon as you kill one. Worth several hours of fun."
76561197999688622,Not Recommended,310470,30085357,Posted: 21 February,all,Amon Amarth,"Plain and simple, its boring."
76561198068327848,Not Recommended,310470,19223096,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Wolf,Dont buy unless its 10 bucks
76561198043071031,Recommended,310470,18203297,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,PEAJACK,"Actually i like this game but there is things that need to be improved, but it is a different kind of strategy game. I'm a huge fan of strategy games and i played lots of them. This difference make me like this game."
76561198007857049,Recommended,310470,18213290,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,runiteluke16,"Well its not quite what i expected, Considering the screen shots it looked like it was going to be like Grand Ages Rome, and I suppose if you consider the map to be all of Europe then it is an evoltion of the previous title.The problem with some of the reviews is that when you see a strategy type game published by Kalypso you have to know that a fair part will be trade economics,The biggest issue I have so far is that it seems quite difficult to grow considering the bandits and animals that keep poping up which is fine it gives you cause to fight without a war. The issue is that you need to constantly be patroling for them because if the bandits start stealing all your merchants goods you can go from a groing cash pile to one in the red real quick. And if the bandit camp was allowed to grow in neutral or competitor territory it can be very difficult to eliminateNow I have not progressed enough to know everything about the game, so disregard my compaints if they happen to already be there and I just dont know it.1st- The game needs a recomended help/tip on resource buildings in a town to help guide people as they grow their empire2nd- The game needs an automated patrol action for military units3rd- Military units through discovery or size of empire either need to cost less in upkeep or they need to scale up as you go, an example of something good would be that you get 1 unit at reduced upkeep per city, or when in range of a city4th- This might be there already. but seige weapons need to be put in to reduce siege times,So The Pros= Graphics(Really are good enough), Program Stability (No Problems so far)Cons=Military upkeep difficuty, The trade and econmic system being slightly cumbersom at the beggining and potentianaly tedius as you grow. And the fact that the screenshots advertised make it look like battles are more of an RTS style than a Civ/Risk style.Would I Recomend this game. Yes, if you like this type of game, you will most definetly enjoy it, if your not sure its your thing then watch some videos, and put it on your wishlish and wait till its at a cost that to you, it dosnt matter if you like it or not."
76561197994852595,Recommended,310470,18200421,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Jacabon,This game is more like Patrician than any other game. If a trading game isn't what you are into than this isn't the game for you.17 hours and enjoying it so far.Recommended for people that enjoy a decent trading game.
76561198018579728,Recommended,310470,18199983,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,XINFINIUM,"A mix of a lot of strategy games, a bit challenging to get a good economy running, especially the trade profits, internal is easy. It lacks a bit of early game content, but it has a good start and the game is well made. Im waiting for my friends to buy this game so I can play it with them because it seems this is almost the same as CIV gamewise. Other than that, you have a lot of spare time Idd recommend this"
76561198119123186,Not Recommended,310470,24382850,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ardon,"boring, overcomplicated buying and selling /commodity game."
76561198060760851,Not Recommended,310470,21533973,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,NjohnsonE,fun for the first while but with no real replay value gets boring real quick
76561198028149785,Not Recommended,310470,18284548,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,bortakin22,"The game as it is now is broken. The auto-trading routes are a must once you get more than a handful of cities and the algorithm to buy oversupplied items and sell undersupplied items is broken.Specifically, I had two hubs of cities connected by a long road and assigned one trader to balance out the goods between the two hubs.  Once hub produced metal and the other consumed it to make goods.  The consuming cities were not producing their goods because they were short metal. The supply hub had 5000 metal stored (four barrels and the excess production flag) while the consuming hub had only 150 metal stored (one barrel). All this time the trader going between the two would on average take only 35 metal and have only around 125 or so goods total out of the 600 he could carry. Obviously he should have been maxing out with metal.Broken."
,Recommended,310470,18206931,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Veljex,"Grand Ages Medieval is a very niche genre. This game is NOT like Total War and instead focus' primarily on the economic side of strategy as opposed to combat. The game does have troop trees and alliances but the main goal is to monitor your economy and make sure that you have the resources to run the network of towns across your empire. The combat side of gameplay is very hands-off.The game currently does feel very difficult keeping your bank balance in the plus however like Port Royal 3 (another game developed by Kalypso and also one of my favorite games), once you learn how to play the game and the tricks that help you win it is very fun and challenging to play.If you are concerned about the price or are unsure about the genre I would recommend picking up a copy of Port Royale 3 which is essentially a naval based version of Grand Ages Medieval.Most negative reviews are due to people not understanding the genre and were expecting another Total War variant or feel the game is broken (don't understand the economic mechanics). The game is fine but does require patience while you learn.I highly recommend the game however do your research first and make sure this game is for you."
76561198019864674,Recommended,310470,18207741,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,hermit825,I am enjoying the playability of this game. and really like the civilization type of gameplay.... it's not a shoot em up type game. most teeny boppers would most likely not reccomend this game and may even review it negatively.most mellow gamers will certainly enjoy the strategy and forethought.  ~B~
76561197979316031,Recommended,310470,18209881,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,sanenet,Good stuff
76561198074727161,Recommended,310470,18199859,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kickslc,I am enjoying it. :)
76561198026913459,Not Recommended,310470,18336665,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,troublmaker,"When I first saw this game I thought it was a long awaited sequel to Grand Ages: Rome.  Turns out it is just another Patrician game.  I like Patrician games so I gave it a pretty good try.  After having played the campaign and then conquering the entire known world in free play I can say without a doubt that this is the worst of the Patrician clones.  It's such a regressive step back from the old games it's not even fit.There is no manual battle mode.  In previous games you manual battled with ships.  In this game you have land troops.  Having a manual battle like Total War or Nobunga's Ambition just makes so much sense.  But it doesn't have it.  Instead you just rally your armies to a battle location until eventually you win or lose that location.The trade is way less complicated but more tedious than previously.  The manual trade is unlocked later on and the automatic trade is simply better.  There's never a real point in using manual trade as automatic routes will always work out better.  Instead you tediously have to build up ""carts"" to add to your merchants.  You can only have a merchant per city so you're adding insanely high amounts of carts to each trade route.Having gotten to the point where I capped out my capital at $999,999,999 it seems like the game breaks down at this point.  There is a cap on how many buildings you can build (albeits a high one), the neutral partners can no longer be bribed without it instantly resetting to older levels, and competitors seem to avoid war while expanding instead.Overall the game is very disappointing and not worth it.  Save your money and get Rise of Venice instead.  It's the same rough experience except it's more polished, has more features, and allows for far more.The only nice thing about the game is that you can build your own cities, and it's a giant map.  Being able to see your cities grow is an amazing feature.  However it doesn't quite fit in with the trading simulator aspect of it."
,Recommended,310470,18202366,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kapone,"Great game so far, finally a trading game where you actually have to think"
76561198083956915,Not Recommended,310470,18844188,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,mgreen,I find the trading too complicated. In the Open World It becomes only profitabe to gain wealth if you do not expand nor build an army. It is too hard to find the right resourses needed to help your starting city from foreign towns nor your settlements. This causes so much frustrations I an alway deleting from local content and ony reinstalling when I attempt a new strategy.
,Recommended,310470,18194874,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Periander,"I'm enjoying it so far. Campaign story is pretty interesting and the game so far is walking a good balance between user friendly yet still complex enough to be interesting.Time will tell though if it has long term playability - I don't think it's going to replace CK2 in this respect.A bit miffed about multi-monitor support, playing it in Windowed mode is fine though (and if I'm honest, often I'll end up playing strat games in Windowed mode on one monitor anyway)."
,Recommended,310470,18195029,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,MrPuppy94,"7 hours no rest gaming session on this one, I take that as a good game.Got some bugs that need fixing though."
,Recommended,310470,18213738,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Hystarea,Really fun economic game that brings something else to do when you are bored of trading. It's really sad that this game is getting such awful reviews. Most of those awful reviews are people who didn't actually see what the game was before purchasing it and are giving it a bad review for it not being a TTW or Civ5 game. A lot of people are also making the mistake of this as a successor to Grand Ages: Rome. This is not a successor to Grand Ages: Rome and is not a city-builder.
76561198062166700,Not Recommended,310470,18259321,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Joshulas,"Very dissapointed in this.. Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off I got tricked into pre-ordering this based on me thinking this was going to be like GA:Rome.. Snooze fest, glorified browser game."
76561198026933710,Recommended,310470,18209022,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Ghimel,"Ghimel's Game Review:If you like the following games, buy immediately:PatricianPort RoyaleIf you liked the space stage in Spore, give it a try!If you liked Mount and Blade but don't have time for the fighting part of it, check it out!If you like X:3 but no longer have time for that, pick it up!If you want Total War: Medieval - Stand down Soldier!  This isn't that game!If you loved Banished, keep playing Banished - it's not the same!"
76561198007934325,Recommended,310470,18204315,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mattias,"Really good economy game. you have to think carefully where you place you villige. what other villigae produces and need for goods and how you can use that as good as possible.they auto trade thing works perfekt. what you need to do is build where houses in the towns where alot of traders comes and goes and stockpile the goods that can end up being overflowing on other towns who is more out of the big trading street,i recommend this game for the one who really like strategie game with a low learning curve"
76561198095970201,Recommended,310470,18207133,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,jonesyboy523,"To start, this game is all about trading. I barely recommend it because i am sure with some tweaking the game will get and become much better. But as is, every game I load I am in the negative. Totally possible im just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at trade routes and thats fine, but with no other manner to make money I spend half my time watching the balance and then pausing to get another construction off. The game is fun and pretty intuitive in the way they do trade and you can tell that they put alot of work and heart into this game. I think it is something worth picking up but ONLY after you have seen several lets play and other videos detailing the game."
76561198001572669,Recommended,310470,18198802,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,skumlemannen,I tried this for 2 hours. Fastest application for refund followed shortly after
76561198014800128,Recommended,310470,18194157,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,DiscipleOfSmug,"Fought roving gang of 200 bears 10/10 would get mauled again.The game is a really nice balance in my opinion between not having as in depth combat if you considered the total war battle phase more of an interuption than anything. It also capably juggles the trading that the ANO series had with a little more depth and automation. It took a few hours to get used to the system but I did manage to make it to nobleman in my second game.There are problems at the moment though, balance in the combat department is sorely needed.-Bandits are insanely powerful. If you aren't fielding about 3 to 1 troops it will take months of in game time to kill and for some reason they can hold off your units until the last man.-Bandit Camps, which I asume spawn bandits, are guarded by a force double that of my empire, so Im not sure if I should have been flieding about 30 units at a time, but they had at least 10 units and they do not go down easy.-Animals are very confusing, they are seemingly one of the most effective bandits in the game, constantly traking down and chasing traders losing me a lot of profit. So animals with no leaders or formations should be relatively easy to kill, right? Nope. slightly better with a 2 to 1 ratio rather than 3 to 1, but I find my armies losing hundreds of men to combat with a group of lynxs. I don't have the best knowledge of how militaries worked in medieval times but I think that I could lead 300 guys with swords, axes, and bows against some forest cats and come out on top without needing hundreds of reinforcements.I find myself with the question of what theyre trying to simulate here. Searching/hunting for the creatures? Some kind of wider infestation of creatures? It doesn't make much sense to me that they aren't even routed at some point and take half my unit's health down.-Combat time/siege time it takes extremely long to fight/kill/takeover anything. 1 capable but single town kingdom took 3 years of constant siege (siege timer over 11k) was able to produce peasant units wo delay me, and even with 8 to 1 it was taking so long to run out their timer and so long to kill their 1 unit spawning every minute or two that after 3 years I couldnt keep up the siege and ran out of money.-micromanagement requirements. Having to rotate out units after combat is ok, as long as the loss was meaningful. I had to  rotate units more than 30 times over the course of the siege and still made very little headway. Ran out of money, morale dropped, units route, siege timer goes back up. It was very disheartening.With all that though, I played a lot of this game and had fun learning the mechanincs while playing.  The game is pretty and the game word is huge. Also reminded me of the Heros of might and magic overworld when I was microing my scout. With some balance patches I think the game will make more sense and be significantly more playable. Be prepared to learn NOT to always produce as much as possible before you flood the market and crush your profit margin. It's counter intuitive at first, but you learn to pay attention to what you need to and it becomes much clearer.no crashes so far and alt-tabbing works: stable!"
76561198029365391,Not Recommended,310470,18267216,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,AlienWired,"55 minutes played, uninstalled, don't look back nor at another Kalypso game again, ever...EVER!"
,Not Recommended,310470,18375949,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Thomsen93,"I would definitely not recommend this game. The mechanics are too simple, combat doesn't add anything to the game, as it is automatic, diplomacy is very basic, the atmosphere doesn't feel medieval at all, and trade, which is the most developed component of the game is extremely simple, and even automated."
,Recommended,310470,18192420,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Ne'Roldair,"Excellent strategy game. If you are a fan of games such as the Patrician and Port Royale series, you'll find this game quite enjoyable. Large scale empire building with a focus on economy and trading. If you're looking for a game where you focus more on trading and city building than on combat, than I would recommend this game."
76561198042074289,Recommended,310470,22209190,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,dbwilborn,"I don't understand all the negative reviews. Granted, this is not ""Total War"" or anything like that. It's a relaxing, simple economic strategy sim. You find towns, improve trade routes, improve relations and make virtual money. I like the story and art style of the cut-scenes. I have no complaints at all and recommend it to other fans of games from this publisher, namely the Patrician series and Port Royale.Edit - So, after playing for 30+ hours, I can honestly say this game does NOT SUCK. It is more about making huge amounts of money than about seiging cities. To make moar munny, town placement makes a huge difference. Also, I just discovered the ALT key highlights resource areas when you have a settler selected. Wow! No more running blind."
76561198026450599,Not Recommended,310470,18214581,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Sarversauce,"Even though it's a Kalypso game and seemed like another Port Royale 3 style game, I figured hey, you know, they've been saying there's more combat in this game.  It was all hype.You live and die by trade... again... I've been fooled for the last time.  I wanted this game, so I bought it. Now I feel it was a waste of $34. (US)Pretty sure that there's going to be more DLC, and hopefully they'll fix the economy, and add more cities or more area to spread out, since Cities take up so much space.The resources aren't visible (except Salt and Animals which are obvious) until you walk a Settler over the area you're thinking about settling in.  Even then, setting up a new City is poorly done because they don't have any supplies, they just build the city and it's there.  You have to trade with them to send them supplies to set up the towns Businesses (which give you supplies)  You go broke really quickly doing this.  It sucks.  Out of the 9 games I've started (not including Multiplayer, which doesn't really work well right now - you're lucky to connect, or the games lag or people drop out.) only one has been successful in terms of making money.I obviously don't know how to make money via trade, because I haven't been successful with it yet.  It doesn't seem to matter how many trade routes I have or how many Carts I have in each one.I've tried to build cities on resources I don't already have so that I can trade with other cities for things I don't have. You'd think that would be a successful strategy. So far, it's not.Based on what I've read, and what I've seen, I SHOULD be doing well.  So either the game mechanics aren't polished right now, or their values are off.I would not recommend this game unless you know exactly what you're doing and absolutely LOVE this style of game.If you're looking for more Comabt-based games, this isn't for you.Save your money.If you're looking for hours of trading and boring times of doing nothing, then this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,310470,18263361,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Waterford,Waste of £30
76561198099244824,Recommended,310470,18194415,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,James Arlwind,"A remarkable Medieval strategy with endless potential. Easy to adjust to and simple to use. Just one problem: THE MONEY!! The money in this game is nigh impossible to maintain and in just a few moments, you go from well into the millions to that in debt!! Needs sorting ASAP! Monetary issues aside, I have high hopes for this game and future updates. :)"
76561197971316077,Recommended,310470,18198900,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,White,"Pretty decent.If you expect it to be a EU4 light, or put expecations for it to be a successor of another game thou.. not so much.By itself thou, a interesting take on the European medival ages, with a focus on economy and building up your territory ( or emire). with a nice touch fo warefare."
,Recommended,310470,18193154,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,CrazyIvanTR,"Do NOT play the tutorial, just skip it over and learn it by yourself. They just put you into a production trap and you lose money all the time because you have too much production but not enough towns to sell to.Other than that, if you liked any hegemony games and total war games, you'll like this one. It's a mix of RTS and Empire Building like civilization. You can put towns anywhere and manage them however you want. Great game so far to be honest, and looks like I might spend a great deal of time on this one."
76561198007299358,Recommended,310470,18212755,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Ithnann,"Great game! It takes time to start, I did not get my economy going for a decade or two but once I did its been smooth sailing.  I would like to mention though that the AI is lightyears ahead of me as I am at 10k population while they are at 100k.  Maybe something that the devs can hopefully fix.  This is mostly an economic simulation game with combat at the end so if you were looking for a total war type game I would advise looking somewhere else."
76561198047499977,Not Recommended,310470,25080574,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,jkralik134,My current issue is I'm incapable of playing the game. Played it for 15 hours when it first came out and hadn't touched it for a couple months. Tried coming back but it wont even launch now. Tried all of the recomendations in the forums by devs but nothing works so its nothing more than a broken game to me now
,Not Recommended,310470,22798010,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,[- A -],"Yea.I'm gonna keep it SHORT and simple.THE GAME DOES NOT GET UPDATED AT ALL !!!Thank you for reading this.Developers Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥straight, this game has potential !"
76561197992569229,Not Recommended,310470,22217666,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dangs,"I can't work out how anyone could make this game and think, ""Yep, this is fun..""    It's like playing a spreadsheet or using a bit of accounting software.  Get enough of that at work.   Glad I got it on special.  would have been fuming if I'd paid full price."
76561198048290794,Recommended,310470,21517345,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Hitoshi Misaki,now I know it only says i have 11 hours or so but let me tell you.... its a decent game. one i would play again yes. I would love to try out mmultiplayer but i dont have the time and i expect that the long term games worth coming back to are going to be in multiplayer but.... the campaign is awsome and the free play on the game is awsome as well.... if these all sound like things you would like. then get the game. ^.^ I recomend it whole heartedly. course im just some random gamer. try it out for yoruself and make your own decision ^.^
76561198018319177,Not Recommended,310470,20288693,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Tezz Da Man,"seems you just cant have 1 independent city, the more trade partners I had the worse off I was (how does that work out?)From what I recall if my city built just 1 production building i was in the red straight away, it didnt matter if my city desperatly needed the resouces , my city taxes couldnt support just 1 production building no matter how high leveled the city."
76561197988602599,Recommended,310470,21407391,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,davidnjohnson,"Caveat Emptor.  This this game bears only the slightest resemblance to Grand Ages: Rome or Imperium Romanum, the games to which it is technically a seqel.  Instead of building individual buildings on a single map over many missions, you're building cities on a huge map of Europe, a map you'll keep for the entire game.  It's complicated and there's very little guidance, even in the campaign mode.However, if all of that sounds good to you (it did to me), then pick this up anyway.  If it doesn't, but you're a fan of Grand Ages: Rome or the economy side of Total War, wait for a sale, and then pick it up."
76561198061340923,Not Recommended,310470,22685277,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Corvin Ceasar,"It, at first, seems like a nice building game, but you soon find out that it's an economy-trade game. Still you give it a shot, and for all it's ambiance-all you get is a massive headache because no matter how you play, how much gold you start with, nothing you do will prevent your economy from running negative--effectively ending the game (as you can't do much with a negative economy). So basically, if there is a point to playing this game, it's simply this: how long can you last before you end up w/ a negative economy!Now, to be totally fair; yes, there are people out there who like playing ""doomed to failure"" type games b/c they get some kind of thrill from the ""challenge!"" Me: not so much. I would compair such a ""challenge"" to someone running at full speed and ramming their head into a brick wall. An actual challenge would be if there was a chance or a way to make it through the brick wall and get to the other side. But seeing how many times you can hit the brick wall in such a fassion before ending up at the hospital from a massive concussion is no challenge, and it's no game. Cassino's actually have better odds of winning, simply because there's actually an element of chance that can turn in your favor allowing a win.:("
76561198031448533,Recommended,310470,18188423,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Nolnag,"My graphics card is apparently in a weird place where it can handle everything in the game except the ambient stuff like clouds and birds (which show up super glitchy).  Game runs fine other than that.  Not laggy or anything.  But most games have an option to turn off ambient features, which I tend to do regardless of whether or not they glitch out.  Would've been nice to add that feature so I don't have to suffer through flashing triangles of light that are caused by components of the game that are entirely meaningless outside of aesthetic contexts.  I probably would love this game if I could tolerate playing it, but as it is I'm going to have to wait til I buy a new PC in all likelihood as I don't see the sense in upgrading the graphics card for this one.  And to clarify, my computer does meet or exceed the minimum requirements.  So I'm kind of upset that Kalypso more or less shafted me for 33 dollars until I buy my new PC.  This is why people pirate games.EDIT: Developer was helpful in explaining why I misread the minimum requirements."
76561198003629855,Recommended,310470,18251712,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Lilla Pyret,"First i was one of all the angry people. I was giving this game a bad rewiew and wanted a refund. I cude not ounderstand how this game worked and i loset all the time. but after like 12h it finally clicked. When you understand everything this game is kind of easy. I can have big armies and alot of towns and I always have a big profit. So now i most say that i recommend this game. Having big fun with it and if you dont understad it, the biggest tip I can give is to always check the tab (All towns) in your town and make shore you dont over produce. I recomend that you have between white and green. And think about your placement of towns so your production cycle is effectiv. Ther is many other tips, so look at youtube and forums to optimize your play."
76561197999503630,Recommended,310470,18261022,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,STiAT,"I've mixed feelings about this game, but overall I can recommend it IF you know what you'll get and like that kind of game.Basically, it's an economy / trade simulator, and not a very complex one. It seems as if it's hard in the beginning, but once you understand the supply/demand principles, it's pretty easy to sit on a cash pool of millions regenerating weekly.For the rest of the game, it's not very exciting, because I'm very much missing any kind of serious battle system, which is sad. All you do is build a few defence towers against bandits/wolves/bears, put in a troup of archers which you send to tavern from time to time to restock, that's it about your terretory, even your war opponents won't attack you. If you want to attack, it's pretty simple: Get one taller squad of a good mixed troup (ranged/blunt/sharp/pike) and basically just win. I get along pretty easy with ~10 of those troups, and if one dies, I just build one up in the next barracks and send it into battle - that's no problem as long as the battles last.The basically not-so-easy econmy system as in a lot of other war-centric RTS games mixed with a more complex war and fighting system would be REAL fun. I'm really missing that part.Also, I'm very much missing a lot of diplomacy options as you have in other games, as in example expanding your terretory through marriage. There, a lot of the Turn-Based titles make a much better job.It has had more potential than what it's now. But the game overall is fun and I still like to play it (a lot). If you know what you get and you like that kind of game, go for it. If you like epic battles - don't go for it."
76561198027508578,Recommended,310470,18280679,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Konrad,"Economy driven, Middle Age Simulator.A successor of Patrician 4, Port Royale 3 and Rise of Venice and not Grand Ages: Rome - despite the title. Which is quite confusing because all of those titles come from the same publisher though not the same developer.If you like economic simulators and trading games where the focus lies on buying things instead of destroying them this is your game.If you expect it to play like a ""Total War"" or CIV kind of game you will fail, utterly.Still, for veterans of this genre, this feels like the easiest game from those developers, but maybe that's just me or after some patches it will become more balanced."
76561197993804840,Not Recommended,310470,18285839,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,xtraordinar,I find this game pretty much boring.  Some mechanics seem not to have been thought through. For example: Caravan is robbed by bandist > Starting to lose money > Sending my troops to deal with the robbers > My troops lose moral because of lack of money and run back to town > Bandits still robbing caravans >Troops dont want to fight > Economy crashes > End game.So far I havent figured a way to bring back on track your negative balance. Usually if you go on negative is mostly game over. Is this how it's supposed to work?
76561198007170069,Not Recommended,310470,18287602,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Panzer Snack,"It's a very basic game, with very little replay value. Its slow require a lot of micro managing and is really quite uninteresting."
,Recommended,310470,18444467,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,dodge,if you on my friends list BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,310470,18194070,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Mazlias,"Honestly, It gets boring a little fast, get it on sale."
76561198026639815,Not Recommended,310470,18213548,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,jxn,"The game has some potential, but missed the mark.  It is almost strictly a trading game, not at all comparable to Civ5.  Its comparable to Kalypso medias Port Royal 3: Pirates, only there’s no combat like there was in that game.  I like the concept of growing from a small village to a major force, BUT…Here’s a hint why some people are frustrated.  If you look at the slides advertising the game it show armies, vast “terrifying” armies and fleets (“armadas”).  I played enough to take over France and Spain and I could barely afford a single squad let alone an army.  That’s it.  Forget the military option, you can never afford it.  I made a couple of squads and they went to fight some bears.  You can watch the weeks tick by on a timer on the screen.  I estimate that these two squads (my entire army) fought those bears for two months before they won.  The only option I had was to run away.   No control over the squads.   If you’re going to advertise armies make it an integral part of the game.  Don’t lie.Diplomacy is essentially trading with a neighboring town, then paying them off.  Since you rarely have any money, it takes a long time.Graphics are nice; it’s got a great zoom feature on the little hamlets.  They probably spent a little too much time on this and not enough on the mechanics.  By the way, I see a number of people are having problems with Nvidia graphic cards.  Beware.  I have an ATI card and have not run across any bugs or crashes so it is solid from that angle.People play the game for 4 hours and say it’s great.  It is fun for 3 or 4 hours.  Unfortunately, shortly after that they realize that’s it.  It just continues on this repetitive grind of trading.I don’t think it would take a lot to fix the game, increase the income, lower the military costs, diplomacy hmmm … got some work to do there, but hey that’s what troops are for."
76561198007218731,Recommended,310470,18246643,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Duo,"This game is great once you get past the initial learning curve. Managing the game's economy is hard. It's hard to learn how to make a moderate amount of income, but once you figure it out its pure gold. Too many games these days are too easy and this is one game that is not like the rest."
76561197975225987,Recommended,310470,18434042,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Doyle,"Very confusing at first but once you get the hang of it, it is a blast."
76561198062212654,Recommended,310470,18857325,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,swwblackhawk,I consider this a good place for some one to start in strategy. While it does have some issues it will give you a chance to be able to think ahead on what you will need
,Not Recommended,310470,18212885,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,GG LA Bunny Fuuu Fu,"Unless this game supports a workshop and a mode comes out that make it less reliant on micromanage everything oreconomy will surelyfall within 10-15 min, this game isn't going anywehre.This game honosely doesn't even need military or a large map.This game is all about self-survival because it is more like the mini game about how to not go negative with incomeis all about this game.Most players don't even see the military part of game at all, so I dont see what was point of a huge map, besides,Even the Total War series had alot of complaint about hard to manage all different cities and this game?No one would want to have many cities becuase it is too much to micromanage.Honosely, they should have made a flash web game how to not go - in economy in hardcore neich market.Because that is what this game is about and all the rest of element is just a bull♥♥♥♥♥♥and not playable."
76561198038823457,Not Recommended,310470,18234190,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,jimmyeatsdust,"Like everyone I looked forward to the game, but hard to progress through with over production even with products that other cites aren't making, i struggle to see the actual point of the game, theres no placement for building, all we do is a little clicking here and there. Wish now i'd gone with my instinct and waited to see what the reviews were like. hey ho can only hope that they bring some decent patches out."
76561198003149674,Not Recommended,310470,18236606,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Tobbi,"For now, this is hard to recommend. What on earth have the devs and testers been smoking?Seen heeps of good and constructive feedback from other reviews, so won't bother with more ideas, as most are covered.Has enormous potential - if the right content is added! -  will hopefully change my verdic after a few updates from developers."
76561198007217325,Not Recommended,310470,18238618,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,ian,"I'm a great fan of strategy games and kalypso but this is as boring as it comes. Can't complete the initial training campaign as I always run out of money (['ve treid three times now) . Started an open game and soon my nearest rival is 5 times my size with seemingly endless traders, again I have run out of money and no way of recovering the situation as you can't raise taxes, buy more goods to trade so you just have to stop playing. I have boundless goods but no one to sell them to as the market is saturated. Can I have my money back please!!"
,Not Recommended,310470,18239325,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,jjbaird87,"I was one of those people who was waiting for this game by the hour on the day of release. I was so excited about this game, because on paper it seemed awesome, especially with its massive world. And I really, really wanted to like it.Let me start with what I liked, the music, the way it looked and felt and that is about where it stopped.The game requires HEAVY micromanagement as the prices of commodities change and the supply/demand changes. When I reached more than 3 towns this process was so tedious that it just wasn't fun anymore. It requires quite a learning curve. The idea behind this game is really good, but the execution completely falls short of expecations."
76561198007606219,Not Recommended,310470,18293157,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Spyker,Gets boring real fast.
76561198063391701,Not Recommended,310470,18207801,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,asnowman,"I really enjoy the ecomony mechanics but this combat makes me wanna yell... Its amazing how a bandit hide-away can steal EVERYTHING from trade routes and grind your colony to a halt. The early combat makes it impossible to kill the bandit camp, I've spend the past 10 game years trying to elimanate them but can not. I'm obviously missing something major regarding combat, and can't seem to even put a dent in them. Combat seems pretty ridiculous, even with food business's telling me they are making more than needed. Get ready for ""We've been away from our camp for not even a week and I'm hungry and my feet are sore. Com'on army, back to base! Leave the last 5 men from that unit so they can replenish!""Not only will I not get my money back, even worse I wont get my time back..."
76561198101905944,Not Recommended,310470,18229890,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,microball911,"I have looking forward for this game for several months, but now feel myself very stupid.This is a game derived from Patrician series, while player can build new towns and have troops. I expected it would be something like Civ series, but it is far less playable. Even after you have dozens of towns you cannot achieve anything significant (In Civ 4, you can conquer the world using single city!).  Different resources are just some dummy tags, because after several towns you quikely have all of them and nothing special anymore.  Every town is almost the same, and requires repetitve micromanagement like Capitalism Labs. In Civ, when population increase your town automatically have more output. while in this game this is opposite -- you micromanage business one by one, in order for population to increase.Even with a balanced economy and dozens of towns, the battle interface is not interesting at all. No tactice and not much strategy. (Troops spend two months to kill some wolf!) If you expected something similar to TotalWar series, you will be very disappointed. If you are looking for city building game, this is not becuase you cannot design the layout of the city as in Banished. I feel this game is only for player want some extension of Patrician 4."
76561198034855548,Recommended,310470,18231087,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,BallC,"Don't be fooled by the ""Grand Ages"" series title. It's confusingly nothing like the ""Grand Ages: Rome"" game. Most of the negative reviews you're seeing are just people that were confused about the type of game here.If you liked the Patrician games, Port Royale, Rise of Venice, etc., you'll like this game. It's basically those games with ""you can place your own towns""."
,Not Recommended,310470,18231480,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,zeusrex,"Maybe I'm just terrible at this game, but even the early tutorial portion of the campaign is incredibly grindy just to stay afloat. I started over 3 times before I was finally confident that I had a trading set-up that would keep me weathy enough to play on.At that point I allowed the game to progress by completing a quasi-tutorial requirement (build or recruit something).Shouldn't have done that. The completion of that request resulted in my trader suddenly not making enough money for me to keep up.Adjustment, adjustment, adjustment.4-6 hours of adjustments later, I can barely keep my realm in the positive long enough to see the red numbers turn white every 3-5 minutes.As soon as I find a good sequence of towns to send my traders to, and start making more than I'm losing, I get over confident and think I am safe to advance the campaign again.Nope, nope, nope.I am very disappointed that this game, which has so much potential, is so poorly balanced that even at the beginning it's too grindingly difficult to move the story forward without an insane amount of frustration."
76561198027029495,Not Recommended,310470,18228688,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,michael,"This is my very first Steam review.  Such is my level of disappointment with Grand Ages: Medieval.The game is very pretty, in an I-like-to-stare-at-satellite-imagery-for-hours-at-a-time sort of way.  The interface is also pretty easy to understand, especially if you're familiar with economic sims and 4x games.  I can even appreciate that the game was intended to be launched cross-platform, so there aren't as many keyboard shortcuts as one would normally find in a game like this.But for f***'s sake, this is an economic sim, which means two things:-Include charts, graphs, or numbers so that I can figure out which of my production buildings is losing money, and then I can make like a 2008 auto industry CEO and shut things down.-The sorts of people who like games like this are not usually the sorts of people who like to be rushed.  The whole RTS thing is really not appreciated.-I was so annoyed with the badly-explained game mechanics that I actually bothered to read the manual.  The manual is a waste of hard drive space -- there isn't even so much as a tech tree or a complete list of unit descriptions.Anyways, I was annoyed and disappointed.  You probably will be, too."
76561198063329833,Not Recommended,310470,18210105,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,punkboy_sp,no not worth the 40 dollers they could have done a lote better with this game wish i can get my money back so not worth paying that much for this game my best bet is save your money wait till it goes down
,Recommended,310470,21570321,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Sen,"This is a great game, People are slating it for the wrong reasons, The problem being is most people are judging this game compared to the likes of Total Wars titles but fail to achknoledge the uniqueness of this game, Yes its alot of micro management and economy growing and such, but this game makers have decided to focus on the ''behind the scenes of war'' rather than the actual war which is nice to see the different concept of war, As we all know if you havent got the economy behind you your forces and wars will be weak.This game in my personal opinion is great as i like the economy building genre but if you are looking for a war type game id suggest a different title as this one is more economy based. But i wouldnt go by the negetive comments as they are mostly subject to opinions comparing one game to another you shouldnt do that, You should take the game at hand and only the game at hand for judgement.So to the developers of this game i give you a 5/5 as it is one of the best and most challenging eco strategy games i have came across in a long time."
,Recommended,310470,20901709,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,FREEMASON,"Don't listen to what every negative person says about this game, everyone likes to complain about what they could have or could not have, if you like Hegemony Rome the rise of Caesar this game is similar to it but at a more flexible and diverse way. It's also better than Crusader Kings 2 in my opinion.The only way you'll like it is if you try it. ""Don't judge a book by it's cover."""
,Not Recommended,310470,23837235,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mr.StinkFinger,This game is Nothing like GRAND AGES ROME if youre looking at this because of grand ages rome and you liked the battle system for rome dont buy this but i guess if you like something like civ then i guess you should buy this.... i dont like the game i refunded it withen an hour
76561198029937724,Not Recommended,310470,18193662,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Mihai,"It seems like one more rushed game for which the paying users will be the testers.Most of the times (about 80%) when I start the game the screen seems displaced somehow. I have to click some good 70-80 pixels to the left or to up from where a button is diplayed on the screen to actually click it. These bugs are pretty funny actually, but they do not provide 36 euros worth of entertainment.I can't tell you much about the gameplay because in the first two campaign missions plus 10 minutes of open game I was more focused on where to place the mouse to click on that Continue button in the middle of the screen. From those frustrating moments, I can tell you the game is focused on trade and city management, but mostly on trade.Overall, it is the only game that I am sorry I bought and the only one that got me angry enough to post a review."
76561197971075191,Not Recommended,310470,18220332,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Pedro_Cantor,so dissapointing.... just another boring trade game where there is no reward for invest time into the game ..just frustrating restarts....why oh why did they change the original formula so completly ...what was needed was a medieval themed city builder but we got another anno wanna be
76561197999823273,Not Recommended,310470,23977410,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bananoman,"Shameful piece of crop. Bad building chain, bad fighting, bad everything. Do not waste ur money honey."
76561198006524453,Not Recommended,310470,24071225,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hassie54,"If you are going to get any game from Kalypso, i would say avoid this. If you can get Port Royale 3 or Rise of Venice for less than $5 than get one of those, but don't expect it to be fun for long. All of their games use a very simplistic trading system, used in Patrician Series, Port Royale, Rise of Venice and Grand Ages Medieval. They unfortunately use less and less commodities and seem to shrink the map they use for every new game. The very thought of making a game that uses the entire earth, and a much larger range of history? No, because they would have to actually do some design work, instead of sending out the same game over and over again, with a new location, for $40.Again I would suggest avoiding Kalypso games altogether, unless they are extremely cheap. Don't reward their laziness, buying game retreads."
,Not Recommended,310470,18228407,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Narnach,"TL;DR: If you enjoyed trade games such as the Patrician series, you might like this. If you are expecting a real empire simulation, you will probably not like this. This game feels like an Early Access title because it is rather shallow for an empire management game.I suggest you wait for a major update, expansion or a sale to make content and price balance each other.Overview===As a fan of the Patrician series, and Rise of Venice after that, I was very much looking forward to this title. What's better than managing a business empire? Managing the business of an actual empire!I started on the campaign on friday night, directly after release, and played till I fell asleep. Rinse-repeat for most of the weekend. It is enjoyable and very gently introduces you to all aspects of the game. I've logged almost 24 hours in the first weekend.While I am enjoying myself, this game is not going to be for everyone. I keep having the feeling that this is an Early Access title and that more content will be added in the near future. I have experienced no major bugs, but it feels like there should be more depth to all the game systems. This might be misplaced expectations, or wishful thinking. Mixed Steam reviews suggest I'm not alone in this.Trade Goods===Grand Ages: Medieval has only 20 trade goods, despite the world being larger than Rise of Venice, which had 22 trade goods. The production chains are still relatively short, with the most complex item (Pomp) only requiring a total of 4 other goods to make.You can create towns at any location that is not in (short) range of another city.  Each town has 5 slots for goods that you can customise based on availability. A city's  surroundings determine what goods are available, so nearby clay allows for Pottery, nearby meadows allow for Honey, mountains for Coal and Metal, sea for Fish and Salt, etc.All manufactured goods are unlocked with research, but they require no special terrain. Basic goods like Grain and Fruite are available as long as there is space around the city to put fields on.This means that you can setup an optimal cluster of 4 cities that produce all the goods in the game. Repeat this in each region of the world map and you don't really need to trade and you can min-max the hell out of it. There is no need to trade large distances to get all goods, nor do you need to do a lot of trading to complete your chains.This feels like a step down from previous games. The Patrician series was set around the Baltic and North seas. It had 20 goods, geographically distributed so you had to travel & trade to produce everything. Rise of Venice was set around the Mediterranean sea and had 22 goods that were geographically distributed. No more region-exclusive goods as in Patrician, but spread out enough to matter.Trade Routes===Earlier games progressed from you manually navigating one trade ship, to automating trade with a captain, to having multiple fleets of ships trade automatically. You could upgrade ships, get bigger ships and had to fend off pirates. In Rise of Venice you even had to hire sailors and equip them with weapons and the ships with different cannonballs.In Grand Ages: Medieval, you start off with a trade caravan that you can manually control, or you can let the trader work its magic automatically. You can add more carts to the convoy to make it larger. After that, they generally do their thing and you can forget about them. You are managing an empire, so micro-managing traders is not what you should be doing.Part of setting up your trade routes is creating new roads and upgrading existing roads to allow for faster travel. Keep in mind that upgrading roads requires resources from nearby towns, and construction silently stalls until the town gets supplied with materials.Military===Protecting your traders is done by hiring mercenaries, or by training more advanced troops as you research them. Your troops are units on the map that you can freely navigate on the map. When an enemy shows up in their range of vision, they call all their nearby friends and attack the enemy. Unit types have Rock-Paper-Scissors advantages against each other.Combat is takes very long and is a pretty boring affair. The need to micro-manage squad retreats makes it semi-interactive, but not really meaningful.Military units are very expensive to maintain, which makes historic sense. A unit has 100 soldiers, who all need to eat and drink like any other person. In game mechanics, this means they ""inflate"" the population of the nearest city by 100 to increase resource consumption that way. If you can't supply them with goods and gold, their morale drops and they retreat to the nearest city until you can support them again.Bandit camps pop up every once in a while that spawn roving bands of soldiers that plunder trade caravans until you kill them. Attacking the bandit camp will spawn half a dozen squads of soldiers to defend it, so bring an army.Diplomacy & War===Diplomacy: you bribe town mayors with huge stacks of money to upgrade your relations to a Military Alliance, then bribe them some more to win their sympathy, then bribe them some more to let their town join your empire.War: use the soldiers you have for defense against bandits to besiege a town for about a year, until their defenses wear down and you conquer them.End result for both approaches: you have an extra town, and probably spent a full year's profits to obtain it. Because there are no rules with reputations, nor populations with negative sentiments, it really does not matter how you obtain a city.This is definitely not Europa Universalis.Research & Progression===Because you now rule towns, there is no longer a need to buy trade licenses, build a reputation and unlock higher tier goods that way. Instead, every time you gain a social rank you get 3 points to spend on the tech tree to unlock new goods, to improve businesses (1 upgrade increases Honey yield by 3x!), to unlock military units, or to unlock improvements for your cities and roads.You gain social ranks by having more map control, which you get by building cities and increasing their population to increase their area of influence.Conclusion===I started with mixed feelings, and after writing this review I still have them. I did spend my entire weekend with the game, but I am not bouncing with enthusiasm to share with the world that this is the best game of the year. The reason is that the developers have released this game as version 1.0. That means from their perspective it's done. Complete. To me it feels like an Early Access title, with a lot of potential, but it is not fully fleshed out yet.If anyone at Gaming Minds or Kalypso reads this, here is what I would have wanted to be in the game:* Deeper trade system. More goods, better spread through the world, longer production chains.* Actual diplomacy. For inspiration, look at Europa Universalis; it has a VERY deep system.* Resolve combat 10x faster or make it deeper.* You rule an empire, but there are no people, no sentiments."
76561198090301363,Recommended,310470,30538187,Posted: 16 March,all,Zarn,"This is simply brilliant - if you like building business - such as fisheries wood bricks wine bla bla - which I do.I am a great fan of port royal 3 and all the other ones like it .The graphics are stunning so is the background music but that would be up to personal preferances.I really liked it when I started but couldn't get anywhere and eventually got frustrated with no money.You need to make money to expand and also pay for the military other wise they go on strike and you have no defence or attack.I now do it right after listenning to the writers advice - use carts to trade with your nieghbours and your townsIf you start by expanding your territory as fast as you can but never get into the red as you cannot buy anymore - from your own market also.But once you get the hang of it - it is brilliant and after awhile when you have enough money and trade going you start taking or attacking the enemys trade and watch your stock go throw the roof.You have to be vigilant with the planning of your trade routes and also what you produce as each town as it grows to do other things as new business such as skins may be in reach of the town limits.My favourite game is ""the last of us, and was followed by port royale 3 but this is second now. Also the forest and rust are really good but rust is full of ah players but then that is the purpose of the game like duke nukem.In this game - grand ages medieval when you zoom down close the little people are all doing things and the buildings all operate in stunning detail.10 out of 10."
76561198001270347,Recommended,310470,22765147,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Cold Shot,"What is Grand Ages: Medieval?""Grand Ages: Medieval"" is an entry in Kalypso's ""Grand Ages"" series of finely-crafted strategy games ofDIFFERENT genresdeveloped by different studios. This gameIS NOTa sequel to the 2009 title ""Grand Ages: Rome"", a classic RTS with a focus on city building.""Grand Ages: Medieval"" is a larger scale, real-time empire simulation game combining elements of trade, expansion and exploration with aheavy focus on economical domination.Seriously, those are first four lines of description. None of the people who wrote negative review didn't even bother to read description of this game yet they claim that this game stupid. You can't expect from them basic understanding of the economy, hence negative reviews.I feel really sorry for the dev teams on Steam, that they have deal this type of ridiculous ♥♥♥♥."
76561198073461781,Not Recommended,310470,28805144,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rixx,Game is no longer recieving updates. Thus it's a dead game.
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,310470,19447884,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dethstarr,"Lame.Ok. Review done.Oh alright, let me add a bit of rationale then.1.  The user interface takes 4 clicks or more for things which should take 1. Very badly designed indeed.2.  It has combat in it with no options and no strategy3. It has diplomacy in it with no options and no strategyThis seems to have been an attempt to make an accessible strategy game. It does have its charm, it looks pretty and it is more accessible than most strategy games of late.  However, someone should have said that when people want ""accessible"" they dont mean, nothing behind a pretty bit of nothing.   Or at least I didnt.  I thought this might be a bit like settlers but learning some lessons from that in terms of being a bit more open, having some progression and being a bit less linear in many respects.It isnt. Its light on content, options and any much to do after a certain point.  It is like a child of a friend or relative that is really annoying but cute.  Cute wears off, annoying never does.One way to overcome it would be to add some depth and character.  The depth just doesnt seem to be there.  A real shame as I can see so many ways this could have been so much better. I am no game designer so I imagine those that are know what they are but were not permitted to develop some of the aspects of the game which seem about 40% done.  This feels like an early access waiting for content."
,Recommended,310470,18218906,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dr Ianaisley,"The AI is improved alot on this game, great for attacking and they AI works well. The graphics of the game looks nice and love the music in the background. There is some improvements you need to make to the game i feel e.g. The resources, because you start with 25% of the resources unlocked by one town. I like the user interface, easy to use and find stuff. combat is not that great atm. I would say it can be improved alot because this game does cost £29.99, its not one of them cheap strategy games you will find on steam. At the min i am 50% yes and no if you should get this game. I think more needs to be done and the game needs big improvements. If you like strategy games then you should get this when more updates come out and when it better.+ Great AI+ Nice GUI+ Easy to understand+ Music- Combat- Resources (Needs More)I think this game will be one of the best if they make more updates and add more to the game!"
76561198018766509,Not Recommended,310470,31849881,Posted: 19 May,all,Tromano2,god i cant even remember when they updated this game new units were? more options for mid game nothing just has been the same since release almost
,Not Recommended,310470,18254758,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Wolfe [13JTF],Not enough content to make it last.
76561198025729127,Not Recommended,310470,18270288,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Targ,"I bought this game last night and after several frustrating hours, I applied for and recieved a full refund.  The game would crash after 10 minutes of play.  I checked all the drivers, exceed the minimum system requirements and still had issues.I like the concept of the game, and maybe after they fix all the bugs, I might come back, but I am not willing to pay $40 + tax to be a beta tester."
,Not Recommended,310470,18258168,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Bromoc,"When you load a save game on a game that could takes days to play, you loose achievment progress? Sorry.. someone doesn't understand modern gamers."
,Not Recommended,310470,18201453,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,[RedHand] HRRNighthawk,This game is not what i expected looking at the videos.  It's basically a bad medieval civ game with a limited research tree.  Multiplayer was nonexistent.  It exists but a single gameserver was available and thats not good for a new title.  It crashed and required a full reboot of my system every time because it constantly thinks the program is still running after a crash.Not good.
76561198031239219,Recommended,310470,18214443,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,scottysolo,"8/10Finished the campaign in about 14 hours, and I believe it's a nice introduction to a pretty in depth economy game.The UI is good, the automated trading is good, the graphics are good, and the sound is good.I like the basic combat as I don't feel particulary compelled to supervise a year long siege when I have larger economic situations to deal with. I just order the siege and let my generals take care of it.There are few nit picky constructive criticisms that I feel I have to mention though. The replayability could be higher... Once I figured out an economic solution all it took to expand was a simple clone of successful trade routes in different regions. Perhaps more diverse regional recources or lesser titles could be added to spice things up in the future. I also didn't feel particularly connected to my regent or dynasty. It would be nice if there was some character building. The opportunity to select a trait (ie. diplomacy bonus, cheaper soldier upkeep, increased production, ect.) every time a promotion is earned could go a long way to flesh out the rulers. Perhaps arranged marriages and children would help shift player focus away from simple expansion to more satisfying long term goals. I think with a well thought out expansion this game could really become a truly exceptional strategy game.Overall a very enjoyable game!"
,Recommended,310470,18213638,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Steven,"Pretty decent eco driven game, playing mutiplayer game its bit short 2600 weeks you get and it only takes couple 30 mins or so to run through 400 days.ECO in this game is probably one of best I have seen, and its not easy to get under control it takes bit of understanding and time to learn how to turn good ECO if you just build willy nilly you tank your ECO very easily.this is a empire managment ECO driven simulation, with war fair in it.if you like games like port royal then you will like this game.if you not into trade simulation and managment style you wont like this.Other thign is miltary miltary is meant to be costly just like in real life. for example USA miltary budget cost half over half of the total income. same goes for this game.its best to have a huge surplus of extra money then build miltary you want send it out and when you are done you disband it.like real life if you keep it around you will tank your ECO.also the miltary pop is tanken out of your civ pop so more people in it less people doing work in the citys and making income.Trade it is best to make alot of citys and trade internaly, each person in a city buys goods, if you open up trade to out side citys then they buy your good but alsot hey sell to your people meaning less goods your people will buy of your own stuff.trade in this game and city managment requires alot of planing and should be done some what slowly."
76561198154426152,Not Recommended,310470,18195131,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,FQrce.nM,"to get things rolling, if you like the medieval franchise of combat and strategy well then do not buy this game, its hopeless in the way of combat, im not one for that type of combat where you just click and theres a fight between troops, to make it better they could've made it like the other medieval games, include more strategy into the game, entice more people to have huge battles, instead they have made it so you just sit there like a lump of fruit and watch people hit eachother with swords.... boring"
,Not Recommended,310470,18241815,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Liberty,like a 2000 years game
,Not Recommended,310470,18251371,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DragKn,"Same game as port royale 3, with some troops and ablilty to create citites. I dont know why i have to buy the goods from my own city which are created by my factories. This is a dumb game. Don't buy."
76561198048164461,Recommended,310470,30822055,Posted: 29 March,all,bransonaacm,It's really a good game in my opinion. perhaps it's not popular for some people is simply because it's not like a total war game and has more to do with running a kingdom and focusing on trade and commece rather then building armies and waging war on other kingdoms (which you can still do on this game). my only problem is the dlc's don't seem to show up in the steam store. All things considered this game is good in my opinion.
76561198007269125,Not Recommended,310470,18244883,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Pozzy Thump,"I have downloaded this 3 times. Each time has a glaring issue with a streaming intro. I am hoping they release a patch for it sometime so I know I didn't waste thirty-three bucks. However, after reading the other reviews, I'm not in that much of a hurry. There's better stuff out there.How dare they claim it was better than Civilization V - Brave New World... It's looks like it's Godus level.Oh well.. back to Euro Truck 2015 and Pro Cycling Manager.  Anybody wanna race... in either? I never use cheat codes.~Pozzy Thump"
,Not Recommended,310470,18831359,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,cruist22,"It's not fun, it's buggy and micromanagement gets boring fast."
,Not Recommended,310470,18204931,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,[1380] msa,"Poor trading system, no combats, unit poorly designed, no real effect on your empires.This game is a medieval trading simulator, while this concept might be cool Kalypso failed to even deliver a viable trading on release, all other functions such as war is quite automated no real strategy in them.You can't build either, camera function are clutch and that should not happen on a 2015 Simulation, RTS games.Refunded the game after 30 min played."
76561198034312737,Not Recommended,310470,18211678,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,neandertal,"A very very disappointing game, it looked different in the trailers.  Even if they are marking it down by 90%, dont waste your time and money buying his game.I am tired of being conned by kalypso, i will not be buying another one of their games again."
76561198015451155,Not Recommended,310470,18275383,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dragon37Slayer,"This game is inpossible to play, not as advertised. feel riped off."
76561198051369904,Not Recommended,310470,23245747,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,meathammer51,"Sorry, I'll stick with EU4. Not worth your time or money."
76561197976749583,Not Recommended,310470,18226681,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Saitama,Medieval trading simulator.
76561197973841830,Recommended,310470,18234438,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Threatx,A mix of trading and simple but fun warfare takes a while to get used to the trade but once you do the competant ai is ready to start a trurly grand war for europe.
76561198011138771,Not Recommended,310470,21575833,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,#Leggy,"This game is shallow, and boring.  You will waste more than 2 hours trying to figure it out then you will no longer qualify for the reimbursement.  Do not buy.Instead, pay me $29.99.  I will kick you in the nuts, then I'll give you an ice cream.  You will have a better experience than playing Grand Ages Medieval."
76561198202990070,Not Recommended,310470,18301343,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,RM8,do not recommend
76561198060877748,Not Recommended,310470,18193654,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Maximus,"This game is a nightmare if you have integrated graphics and issues on the control panel. and yes, i did set my prefered processor options so dont spam me about how im wrong. This game is by no standards ready to play."
76561197977445271,Not Recommended,310470,18265591,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Skandy,"Total waste of money. £25 for this! Asked Steam for money back but they said ""No, sorry""This is Rome - Total War 2 all over again! Lol!Very sad that they are happy to release a game with a very clear and obvious flaw in the economy system. There is no WAY in hell that this was not spotted in the beta of this game. Release it anyway and make some easy money at our expense.Do a quick google search and you will see no one is happy with this game. Very disapointing."
,Not Recommended,310470,18301652,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dontcare,This game is so broken is pathetic. Why should I haft to go through all these issues and fixes for a game that just launched. Test your games before you release them.
76561197991817650,Not Recommended,310470,18203253,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Nick,The trading system is useless. You're always in debt. Combat is irrelevant. Why the hell did I pre-order this? 10/10 would ask for a refund.
76561198030046665,Not Recommended,310470,18298405,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,T|ttyBa||s,"Awesome idea, but the game feels largely unfinished. Every game ends abruptly with you hitting a wall (economically / diplomatically / Both) - that's where the fun stops. Looking forward to this being done right."
76561197991427478,Not Recommended,310470,18360763,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,buddco01,"This could be a truely epic game, sadly its not.... yetIn most RTS games in this era you trade to make money to support an army to conquer the world. This is not the case in this game. In this game you mirco manage trade for the sake of it. For an RTS it is currently very light on strategy and very very repetative. The depth of the combat and diplomacy are truely insulting for a full price title.The developer did not help itself by appearing to willfully misrepresent the game in its videos and scrren shots on Steam in the weeks before its release.But to thier credit the developers are trying to fix some of the problems with the game but I fear that will be a long hard task to get this game from where it is,  a trading/depot development game to the epic empire builder that most people expected.It has some of the tools to get there but as seems fairly common in the past few years of game development, the community has a fair better idea, and many great ideas for how to make a game work properly.As proved by Total War Rome II and Civ 5 people have very high standards when it comes to RTS games, especially when their expectations are not met. I hope one day to be able to recommend this game"
76561198067534114,Not Recommended,310470,18237234,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Caranthir,If you expected a fun action based game then this is NOT for you.
76561198031325518,Not Recommended,310470,18242908,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Hazar,It has potential but it needs to seriously be reworked before it is enjoyable and playable.
,Not Recommended,310470,18207577,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bown/Mathellian,"Grand Ages: MedievalWell, let us call it Medieval instead.As you probably can see, i did not play it for long before i settled my mind, i dislike this game rather badly, i have never asked for a refund but on this game i felt that was what i wanted.Now the reason i disliked this game and do not reccomend it is that for me, it looks like you mixed Settlers (the board game) with a mobilephone strategy game. It is a economic simulator more than a strategy game but it is simplified, so simplified i will rather sit with friends drawing cards for wood, clay, sheep, and rock while using my gold, books or rolls of wool to upgrade my society and i find that more fun.The game looks promising, but the fact that it has allready shown that you will need DLC's to unlock more of the game when it is brand new is rather bad, i want a game where a DLC is an addition to the game, not a part to complete it with. Otherwise, for you that are like me and loved Grand Ages : Rome, DO NOT and i repeat DO NOT buy this game if you like the Grand Ages Series, This game spits on the Grand Ages, as it is nothing like the previous one. Partly because it is not the same developer, only same publisher. I did see trailers to it, gameplay videos and similar so i knew that it wasnt like the other one, yet when i tried it i felt so locked down. I could not really do much, i was stuck with these allready formed villages that i did not really decide how they would look like in the end. So to summarize i will add some pros and cons to the game.Pros:-The graphic is decent enough, may look bad next to all big games for 2015 but for its genre it is rather good next to the size of the maps in the game.-The Trading system is easy to use, either automatic or by your control-The diplomacy towards the AI is decent enough, simple but okay.-The random events are rather fun, even though historically there would not be volcanoes spawning around Scandinavia (That's where i started) in the medieval times.-The upgrades are well thought off and simple-Animations are decent enough-I like how you can fasttrack or put everthing on pause or superslow, that is good.Cons-The AI's seems rather plain, like there is no real difference between the ones in the game, none of them speak different languages during a game, i dont want the entire Europe speak English, i allready got that in movies. To be hones they kinda reminded me of Skyrim's voiceactors, only two voice actors that do most of the voices in a entire game- Things are too simplified, even at the highest settings (pro) so it feels rather simple for a strategygame'-You can't really design what you build.-No strategy in the army system, like in the Grand Ages : Rome you got special attacks and such for the units, right now it was just big army vs other big army = biggest army wins.-Not remotely close to Grand Ages: Rome-The system of only getting upgrades by increasing in rank is rather boring for a RTS, that would work better for online play then single player.-Gets boring quick as you learn the game fast without any real struggle unless you don't understand english.-All armies look the same, except colour and coat of arms.-Seriously, when did every medieval city look exactly the same? Not everyone had the castle in the middle of the city, some had them outside on hills overlooking the city.-Again, it is not like Grand Ages: Rome and i don't think it should call itself Grand Ages: Medieval, as using a series name without looking similar to it is just bad. I think it could rather just call it Medieval and i would like it better.-It lacks real depth-The Tradesystem is so simple that you try to just get like one more coin than what you got earlier for the same trade to attempt to make some coins.-Seems to be dependent on having a DLC, which is bad as a game should be strong enough on its own, a DLC should not be a part of what makes a game complete.-Seems to much of a mini gameTL;DR If you want a simple minigame that is more suited for a mobilephone, get it. If you want a proper RTS game that challenges you, go somewhere else."
76561198001841569,Not Recommended,310470,18195677,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Caridous,"This is a no for me, and I'd advise against it.Two hours was enough to convince me that I'll keep playing the game, but I'll wait until the first patch. However, I can't recommend it.Here are the two main reasons why (purely subjective)1) The game's crashed on me twice in two hours. Obviously there will always be game day release bugs, but Kalypso doesn't get a pass, because it's not an Indie company with a tiny budget, where they couldn't have had a decent Beta test. On top of that being CA$44 and, having issues with my nVidia graphics card (as it doesn't detect it. I'm not the only one,) Kalypso is a fairly large company, issues like these should have been caught before release.2) This game might as well be called Patrician V: Medieval, and not Grand Ages: Medieval.While I did see screenshots, and play videos, I was still hoping it would be a successor to ""Grand Ages: Rome"", at least in SOME way. It has absolutely nothing in common with it. In my opinion, they should have chosen a different name. Grand Ages: Rome was a fantastic, and unique game. This game, however, is basically just another iteration of the Patrician series. The only real difference is that instead of buying keys, and towns, you can found your own.I like Kalypso, and its unique games, but if you're wondering whether to buy it, I'd wait for a 50% off sale. By then the bugs will be fixed. Or unless you're desperate to play what may as well be called ""Patrician V: Medieval"""
76561198005720599,Not Recommended,310470,18218173,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,slayan,I have to give a big YEAH to the PR company for this game. They made out like it was the next great Civ game and well its not. I would have gotten my money back if I didint go over the time limit trying to deside if it sucked or if I was missing something
,Recommended,310470,24387994,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Mortus,An enjoyable and relaxing trading game that focuses more on large scale operations rather than the trading of individual commodities.
76561198183660530,Not Recommended,310470,18214317,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,txominhermos,I dont get it... all that 3D world for a boring trading game
76561198006598607,Not Recommended,310470,18214357,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,SJWs R TRAITORS,4 SALE !
,Recommended,310470,18239154,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Hofboy,This is a must if you like civ and ck2.
76561198012103891,Not Recommended,310470,18255412,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Bill Cosby,"economy game for sure. if you like age of empires, age of mythology or command and conquor. you will hate this game. pretty boring."
76561197988504032,Not Recommended,310470,18385574,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Lerch_77,This game is civilization dumbed down for consoles. Lacks any diversity in unit types and brings nothing original to the genera. Game is woth maybe $20 and only if you have wer dream at night about stategy games.
76561198003513557,Not Recommended,310470,18669621,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Rick,Great Graphics but thats it !
76561198046830397,Not Recommended,310470,18241039,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Sonder,"Do not buy this game yet.End of story.It has so much potential to be an immersive and enjoyable game you could spend hours on, but it feels like it has the content of an alpha with some of the issues along with it.Literally so much work needs to be done to make this game more than just; Make city, Buy trader, Plan route, Enable route, Rince and repeat.So disappointed with this, but I'm looking forward to see if it develops into the good game it should be.Can't help but think that the only development that will happen is through DLC ........."
,Not Recommended,310470,18243601,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,so sad :(,doesn't even start up for me. already installed it twice and when i click play on steam doesn't even load the game. i seriously want a refund now...
76561198025949406,Not Recommended,310470,18231486,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,shikamaru,"It could have been such a good game. Still it is not.So let me start with saying that even if I do not recommend the game for other people, I have enjoyed it. In addition, I do not regret buying it, and will possibly play it some more, so even if the game is nice still seems empty and lazy, and so not good.I like how the various city and the trade works, but there are too few resources to go around...only 20 in the whole world. Come on people.In addition, there are no revolts...for real? No real problems...yes ok you have a famine...but no one complains, you get food and then everyone is happy again...even if like 2000 people died, what the hell?Warfare is laughable if compared with TW series, but even with the patrician series, you cannot even produce weapons, oh come on, how can you have a F... army without weapon production?Also religion? Where is it?I've conquered an empire buy attacking the capital once, in 1 turn I had 20 more cities....and it was unmanageable, what the hell.In conclusion, there is room for improvements; I see a good game here, in its development stage.If they do add some dlc, like the CW2 series, it come become pretty good with some improvements (on the points I selected, but there is some more as well).I will keep an eye on the game, and update this review if needed be."
76561198028168078,Recommended,310470,27990553,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GaryTheRedShirt,"Really fun, but not for everyone. If you like resource management, city building, and indepth strategy, then you will probably like this game."
76561198002743736,Not Recommended,310470,28959357,Posted: 2 January,all,scotttaylor66,"Bought the game, I have to log in with a kylipso accouny for reasons unknown, Sort all that then try again to log in with the account details and says someone esles name and its not avaialble. So paid for the game, but cant even log on.DONT BUY this heap."
76561198007485812,Not Recommended,310470,18222266,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,dwayne-ingvald,Not a Grand Ages game!
,Not Recommended,310470,18222742,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Itanimulli,You literally just have to send traders to loads of different towns and then just sit and wait until your town gets enough stuff to grow and then you can trade even more stuff! 10/10 for waiting
,Not Recommended,310470,19284802,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ZedKnight,"Gameplay is slow, interface is meh, very bad re-playability and pretty much just a dull game even for this genre. Most actions are tedious and done through an interface. Lame."
,Recommended,310470,21143840,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,RedRave,"Seems majority of the negative reviews have not even given the game a chance. Playing for a decent amount of time with friends i have learned much about the game and consider it a pretty fun ""Economy Simulator"". It is something you can play with friends building empires that you need to maintain through trading.Somewhat hard to fully understand how to keep your economy afloat at first, but with some time pretty easy to get the hang of. I would suggest it for people wanting to play with some friends or people they know. I have not tried with random people.10/10 would watch bandits destroy traders again!"
,Recommended,310470,22257180,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ferrin,"This is a wonderful game I think I am about 18 hours in and thats just in 3 days. I like how it is more economy focused than militarily focused. And the map is huge, takes forever just to get the  borders opened up from the intial area. One downsided is when in the campaign and doing diplomacy stuff the amount it takes is dependent on your current wealth. Took me 8 million to gain Izma's sympathy and only 700k to buy it after I went broke. Don't know if it's intentional, or just a♥♥♥♥♥♥happens kind of thing, But my traders soon made me a millionaire again. I think the people who struggle with this game, or think it sucks is because they do not realize the most money is made off the townspeople buying and not the traders making trades.  All in all, it is definitely worth a try if your looking for a laid back strategy game."
76561198009903018,Not Recommended,310470,20160636,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Corwin86,"Simply boring and overpriced (REALLY overpriced).And why thay tried to call it a ""grand strategy"" game? Why?This is maybe a decent ""clone"" of Port Royale, but there are things and logics that work for some games and not for others.20 materials to trade, is really that the problem? No, the problem is that the game is set in Europe, in 1050, but you never ""feel"" this, you are stuck in a simplified world, with a poor number of... ALL, to choose about.No really politics, no really choice to make, a world with a dozen of city, ""funny"" and tedious graphics choices...War, trade, conquers? This game offer none in a particular fashion.Really, if ""Total War: Rome 2"" was (really) bad, at the time of the releasing (and still now struggle to entertain much), what's this?I really liked the past Kalypso products, but I'm tired to try new titles and found that they had lost every inspiration or technical ability to deliver a game that worth his price!"
76561197980165231,Recommended,310470,18238128,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Nilnada,"It's a fun game, for the most part. If you enjoy Patrician, chances are you might like this game. If you expect, and want, exciting, engaging, and awesome tactical combat... you won't get any... at all.It is all about trade routes and founding cities in sensible locations. Figuring out how to manage the trade routes to return a solid profit may take a while, but the economy can be balanced. Expect to restart the campaign a few times to get it right. Take your time, don't rush through the objectives. Producing too many goods can be tempting, but will eventually collapse your trade-routes and your economy. You can produce up to five different supplies at each town - and deciding what to produce where - is important to your trade route and economy. There is simple diplomacy. You barter for transit agreements, trade agreements, peace, alliance, war and so on.And, for this part I recommend the game for those that enjoy a pure economy sim. But, only if you can suffer the frustrations below:You will need a Kalypso account (I'm so tired of signing in with every single developers useless ""social"" platform).You have little to no control over what your armies do. When engaged in combat, your only tactical move is flee. You compose your armies of units with strengths and weaknesses and pit them against enemy cities or units. You are a passive observer to combat, watching a siege that might take years, or a combat between 12 men lasting a month or two (ingame time). You discover a monster den here and there that seemingly cannot be destroyed. Packs of 70+ wolves, lynxes, and what not, will harass your traders. Bandits will spawn camps so big defeating them has a good chance of ruining your ""empire"". I have not tried multiplayer, and I won't.All in all the good outweighs the bad to a small degree for my part. If money isn't an issue in the decision, give it a go."
,Not Recommended,310470,18275938,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,BVC3993,It's a great game. But I did the tutorial in the campain mode exactly as it said to do it. It told me to make another town and I didn't have enough population to do so and my population wasn't growing. How can this be overlooked? I did exactly what it told me to do and I can't progress.
76561198041262195,Recommended,310470,18293758,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,dogshocker,"Okay, I decided to have a proper go at this game before writing a review (27 hours). I love these sort of realm management games and I'd recommend this game for just that. There's been a bit of moaning about trading problems and comments that suggest that the game is unbalanced......no so.....the game work perfectly; youjust need to spend some time learning the ropes. In my opinion this game has been carefully thought out so that it's balance is the very essence of the game.....yeah; perfect for a realm sim and very Tai Chi !I had a few goes to start with and I found it hard to make the books balance but after playing it for a while and getting to know how the whole thing works (plus a few new starts !) I eventually got a nicely balanced game going on. For me, this is a good sign; the more complex and balanced a game is then the more game play I'm going to get out of it. The graphics are gorgeous and the interface is reasonably easy to operate giving some of the complexities of the game.Like I say, I'm 27 hours in and I'm loving it....with no signs of an end game coming soon.....proper campaign stuff and well worth my money !"
76561198007458688,Recommended,310470,18247099,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Xelcreep,"This game has amazing depth once you play more than a few hours into it and it is a really challenging game to learn.It is the sequel to Rise of Venice and not the Total War series.I can choose where to start my empire and expand it all over europe by founding, buying or taking new cities by force. Considering the available resources I can set up a trade routes to supply my cities and make cash out of it.If you like Rise of Venise try this game but do not expect anything TotalWar-like."
76561198058541033,Not Recommended,310470,18258043,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Whitey,"As they call Grand Age: Medieval in France; Port Royal with Cheese.I'm going to be fairly brutal in this review, but the game itself is fairly addictive.The entirety of this game is a focus on trading, with the focus pretty much on just making sure each trader (each city gets only one: WFT?) has a growing supply of carts to perform more trade, whilst, adding or removing commodity production facililties as required.The campaign is good, as it provides direction, rather than just random expansion, though it does feel like it ends suddenly (and easily).  Once I reached this point, I kind of lost interest, as all the technologies had been researched and there was no real competition.  Don't take this as meaning this game is boring, I played for a solid 12hrs straight before this point.Regarding diplomacy; if you have enough money, you can pretty much buy anything.  You can pay other leaders, and once they like you enough, you can simply buy their towns from them.  If this sounds too easy, then you can build up armies...Armies: They are expensive as♥♥♥♥♥♥to maintain, and the lower level units give better stats per upkeep than the higher level units.  It's pretty strange.  What makes it even stranger, is that you'll spend most of your time using your armies to fight wild animals (who take a fair bit longer to kill than bandits....strange; it's like the molerats and radroaches in Fallout: Shelter).  Additionally, the inability to fully destroy the structures containing wild animals led to me having to build a fort next to them, and keep rotating in fresh, healthy troops into it, just to fend off wild animals. You can create forts, but they can only stock one unit at once, which makes them only really useful for fending off a single unit attack, rather than possible enemy armies (of which I never saw one).The combat itself is really, really, really simple.  There are barely tactics involved. It's just who can have a larger stack of units with higher combat value; with a little bit of alteration depending on which units types are better at fighting other unit types (doesn't effect it that much).  A bit of theft from the Total War book would have helped them out.  That being said, the resource management/trading side of things craps all over Total War.  And that is why this game is not a flop; and it gains my recommendation to play it."
,Recommended,310470,18314296,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,smu4242 aka McLovin,"Review Grand Ages MedievalI'm writing this review because I feel the steam reviews are going in the wrong direction.I like this game - but I understand that it's not for everyone.You should not just buy this game and see how it goes.Be informed before you buy it.The :(- The name is too similar to ""Grand Ages: Rome"" although these are (from what I've heard)very different games. People may have been mislead by this.- It's not for everyone. You have to be a fan of economic simulations to like it.Even Wikipedia lists it as ""City building, Real-Time strategy""... which is not totally wrong,but pretty misleading. It's an *economic simulation*. With a little city building, and a little warfaremixed in.- I would have liked it more if you could actually choose locations for buildings in your cities. You can't.The :|- The map is pretty big. However, cities take up much more space than in real life. So you can't build as much cities as arein Europe, but you can build a whole bunch, I guess around 100.- The user interface could be more intuitive at times - but I got used to it fast.- The sound and graphics are not outstanding. Though it is cool that you can zoom in and out froma view of Europe to a view of a single city. Unfortunately the zoom is not as seamless as it could be(There are 4 zoom levels - hard to explain, watch a video to see it).- The story seems mediocre (so far), but the illustrations and voice overs are nice. The animated models are not great though.- I have not tested the multiplayer mode yet. I think it could be fun, but I haven't tried it, so I cannot comment.- I don't know how it plays if you have half of Europe ""conquered"", because I only have about 12 cities now.The :)- I have always wanted a game, where you have different places(cities), that produce different goodsand have to exchange those goods. There are several games that are similar in this regard - likeAnno or even MiniMetro, Factorio, or SimuTrans. (I have to say at this point, that when I first saw GAM,I thought ""Civilization"", but Civ does not focus on trade.)However GAM also makes use of the principle of supply and demand.So you can't just build huge amounts of one particular (expensive) good, and sell it all the time.If you produce too much, the prices will fall and your production costs will exceed your income.- You have to define trade routes between your (and others') cities. You can limit these to certain goods / amounts, orjust let them ""buy cheep, sell expensive"" which works good in most cases.- Armies play a minor role. For me, this is a plus. I have spent hours defeating a bandit camp (of 200 guys)because I just couldn't pay enough soldiers. Whenever I defeated a bunch of bandits, I ran out of money.Then the soldiers just wont fight any more - they go back to the next city and wait until you have money again.And those damn bandits regenerate pretty fast.It was all my fault. I had to build this one city next to a bandit camp.The thing is: I could have survived without much fighting, and I like that in this kind of game. I likethe fact that you cannot just buy a huge army and overrun everyone.That could be fun, but there are already enough games that do that, and it just doesn't fit into this simulationkind of game.Technical stuff:- I just found one weird bug: It keeps telling me that this savegame was played by someone else, so I cannot unlockachievements. That's not good, but I don't care too much for achievements, so I'm fine. Also, I read in the changelogthat they fixed this bug, but only for new savegames. As far as I understand it, it shouldn't effect you, if you haven'tplayed yet.- There have been two patches in the first week. They apparently fixed a lot of bugs, but I didn't run into any of those.- There's this Kalypso installer thing which starts every time you start the game. You can register an account there.It's a little annoying, but it's only two clicks to skip it, so I don't mind it.- I heard this game will be released for consoles. I would strongly recommend it playing with a mouse!Overall, I can say that I have played 15 hours of this game, and I still want to continue.If you are into those kinds of games, you should definitively check it out, watch an hour of a Let's Play -and then decide. It definitively does not deserve the ""mixed"" reviews that it gets on steam."
76561198090605743,Recommended,310470,26482993,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,mr.seventenski,"*5/10If this was a release date review I woudn't recommend this game.  It came out at $60, and there just really isn't anything in this game to justify that.  The game has it's highlights, and I'll admit, it is rewarding to build a true empire, but since there is only a euro map, with areas segmented off for smaller games, there really isn't much actual content.  Warfare is far too simple, and the tech tree is a joke.  They really would have been best served to have set this kind of game later in the timeline, and opened up the entire world.  That would allow for unique nations, that would have really added greatly to this game.  All in all it's worth the $30 now, but just barely, also with no DLC coming out, the game kind of falls flat.All in all, if you're a fan of this kind of game, you'll like this, but if I where to give this an actual rating, it would be a 5/10, which is just meh.Oh, and the whole preorder only DLC fiasco is complete BS."
76561198007789798,Recommended,310470,22051400,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Hermaeus mora,this is a good game i really do like it it can be hard at times but its really nice
76561197961076890,Not Recommended,310470,20150449,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Radical Edward,"I don't know how to even put into words where this game fails... but I am gonna try.Cons:Poor AIPoor Trade MechanicsResources are the same in every region of the world and have the same value regardless of where they are grown. Sure I bet the grapes you grow in the desert are as good as in the fields of France.... Honey in the desert too? Sure a bunch of it for no reason. Nobody has unique resources. Everyone can produce and trade anything someone else can.Poor Combat MechanicsLittle contentPros:It certainly looks nice (they seriously used that in the video)Really nothing at this point unless you like poor simulation with no real incentive to care what even happens.Seriously though trade is the only thing actually going on in this game and it is poorly done. How about some depth or individuality based on your region? This game needs an overhaul if it is to succeed. Based on recent game history though that is unlikely to happen so I wouldn't bother, I get the feeling this was made to turn a quick profit or move into a new game type, and it shows in the lack of love they put into this effort. Save your money and get Civs, Europa or CKII if you want some strategy done by people who LOVE it."
76561198024502620,Not Recommended,310470,18259655,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Havoc,This has low budget game writen all over it.  Feels cheap and made for a 10 year old.  Disappointed.Buggy.I'll play it some more and try to get my $40 out of it...ugh.
76561198085816159,Recommended,310470,18250692,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,sagop93,sick game
76561198006259214,Recommended,310470,18258574,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Hobbit,"I am really enjoying this game, while it looks simple from the outside, on the inside is a deep and somewhat complicated at first, empire building game. It took me a while to figure it out but once you learn the systems you get a interesting and challenging a game.If your looking for a RTS full of combat and big battles then this may not be for you. the combat is more of a numbers game then strategy, but war is just a part a deeper story of diplomacy, trade, and economy!"
,Not Recommended,310470,18191231,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ringhloth,"The game essentially attempts to be a Patrician 4 or Rise of Venice across all of Europe, with combat mechanics and more focused on ruling than trading. I found Patrician 4 and Rise of Venice both to be okay games, and while I expected it to fall short of them because of its lofty ambitions, I'm surprised by how much it was.By the way, before I go in depth, let me preface with this: in the open gameplay, there is no Constantinople. It doesn't exist. What the campaign centers around is completely missing in the open gameplay. There are many other settlements, like Venice and Genoa, which are really conspicuous in their absence.Trading:The trading is significantly worse than in Rise of Venice or Patrician 4. Even though there are possible more cities, they're on a much, much larger scale, and you'll usually only find communities of 3 or 4 cities that would trade with each other. Also, each city is limited to one trader. In order to compensate, the consumption that cities do is drastically lowered, to the extent that it's really only super profitable to deliver goods to facilities that consume them. Not only that, but because each settlement can freely choose what it produces, production is actually less interesting. Resources become really common, and instead of a well balanced, hand-crafted system, you have just a jumble of weird production.Combat:Combat lasts a ridiculous amount of time. It's silly how long it does. It can take 6-7 weeks. Early combat, where your scout is attacked by bandits, is the most boring thing to watch, because on a scale where the weakest true military unit has 100 strength, scouts have 2, and bandits have 1, so they'll almost never do any meaningful damage to each other, and it takes months for anything to happen. It's also absurdly expensive, where trading isn't profitable enough to really make any difference.Ruling:Ruling is boring, and poorly done. You make barely any money from doing it, and the trading system is tied to it to poor effects. Constructing new buildings isn't interesting, taxes aren't useful, building new cities is essetially what caused this game to be as bad as it is through the vast amounts of open territory, and the tech system just feels like the game hiding things from me for no reason, such as telling my traders what they should trade on trade routes. That's a basic feature of automated trade routes. Why is it locked behind tech? The upgrades to military should cost significantly less upkeep than they do now, but instead be marginally better. Rather than tier three costing 5x as much but being 3x as effective, it should be 1.5-2x as effective but cost 1.25x as much. After all, you've already sunk very valuable tech points into them, and they're unique units for the place you started. They should be outright better.Overall, they game tried to be something that it wasn't, and failed at being both what it wasn't and what it was. This happens all the time in the game industry, and it always ends badly."
,Recommended,310470,18311539,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,RoDeX,"Grand Ages: Medieval is a true challenging game.I like the focus on the trading aspect, where it is less focused in big strategy games such as the Total War series. The trading system is deep, with an option for micro supply management.Also, the campaign is surprisingly interesting and challenging as the open world option.It is recommended if you are looking for a new kind of a strategy game with challenging core features."
76561198053490553,Recommended,310470,18333557,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Golden Shower (sc darton231),They should have a workshop for this game
76561198032398670,Recommended,310470,18263421,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,cweickum,Great game has a big learning curve
76561198021043510,Recommended,310470,18319167,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Bullet,"great game, can't stop playing"
76561198173589002,Recommended,310470,18789512,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,sicdoc58,"I enjoy playing this game and dont fully understand why there are so many negative reveiws. I did notice the majority of bad reveiws are coming from people who have only played the game for a few hours.I do think the trading aspect of the game is a little hard to get in the beggining and even think that it may benefit from a little changing around but the game overall is very enjoyable if you take the time to figure out whats going on, play the campaign and even check out a few guides.I felt compelled to write this reveiw because in my opinion it is a good game with the potential to be even better and deserves to be better represented by the number of positive reveiws."
76561198043685721,Recommended,310470,18265801,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Atreides,"This game takes a view hours to get into, especially with regard to the trade system. However once you realize how to use the goods availability overview of your traders with regard to which industries to expand and where to settle, then the economy becomes manageable and the game starts to be fun to play.After 15 hours of playing I managed to finish the campaign and the open game and multiplayer will add a few hours more. Though replayability after the campaign is low, it's in the core a fun economy management game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=527422287"
,Not Recommended,310470,18195626,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Gunteraz,"I was expecting so much more from this game, but it's 35 euros down the toilet. This game is so shallow and boring plus has few annoying bugs, but nothing major. In the end it's your typical modern Kalypso game- designed to require 20 DLCs before it becomes an actual game. So the correct price of this game is not 36.99 but more like 99.99, because that's how much you'll end up paying if you actually want a decent game. Right now at the launch i could not recommend this game to anyone.Edit: Did i mention that the pre-order price was 38 euros which was supposed to be -15% off, but the launch price is 36.99? What a scam.On this day, let it be known that I will NEVER buy a Kalypso game again. These people are the cancer of gaming industry!"
,Recommended,310470,29964478,Posted: 16 February,all,aagreen121,I don't get why people say to few resources but i enjoy this game and i never run out of resources i always have a good flow of gold aswell and always have the max armies once i reach emporer and also stay in positive gold. i never get bored with this because i always got people to play with.
,Recommended,310470,18448592,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,BarbieGirl,"At first I admit I did not like the game as I was like many others and thought it was more like Grand Ages:  Rome.  I thought I would build a city.Regardless, I decided to try it out and play since I had purchased it.  At first I absolutely hated it, because I did not understand it and admittedly the tutorial was very lacking.  I kept trying though and finally on my fourth startover I got the hang of it and really started enjoying it.It was a very different than what I expected but once I understood I started getting into it and playing.  I agree there are some areas that need updating and it looks like the developers have listened and are releasing fixes.  I am looking forward to continuing to play and try different scenarios.I think the game is very enjoyable if you just give it a chance and try to learn."
76561197977307591,Not Recommended,310470,18235800,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,CBgamer,"Summarized just a big disappointment... campaign is ok but actually a big introduction/tutorial... sandbox game is boring, because u just build 4 cities to produce all goods an repeat this chain again and again... than u recuit as many troops as financial possible and attack ur opponent as soon as ur ready cause THEY will NEVER EVER do anything agressive to u... even on highest ""difficulty"" ... multiplayer could be fun by playing with friends u know, but random people just leave game like usuall at strategie games....   perhaps community can fix it by mods..."
76561198042573150,Not Recommended,310470,29836316,Posted: 10 February,all,ImmortalLich,Simplistic and repetitve
76561197975017131,Recommended,310470,18212264,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mathias,"I have only been playing the multiplayer ""sandbox"" with a friend so my review is based only on this.However at start the game may seem confusing and i caught myself annoyed by not being able to maintain a stable economy. However after slowly getting the concept i was able to get a flourishing economy and at the moment with only 5 cities i have 5.5 millions. Also the i like the combat however at the moment sometimes half your army will just stand and watch, but game has just released and despite from this i didn't experience any bugs or errors at all!I will list some of the pro's and con's that i've experienced about this game.Pros:Decent graphicsStable engineNo major bugs or errorsStable multiplayerGood AI (Actually make proper invasions with full force)Battles look and feel epic (And very long, however sometimes using a half hour fighting  bandits can feel a bit annoying)Cons:Battles could be optimized a bitConfusing at startNot shared supply lines with allies (I couldn't assist my friend who was in war due to this)Lacking a few diplomatic options like sharing etc. supply lines, becoming or vassalging other players and AI.Could use a few more city buildings or modificationsMy final score for this game is 9/10I was pleasently surprised by playing this and have done so for the last 11 hours. I won't comment on the gameplay itself since it's different what people like and enjoy but in my case i like it."
,Recommended,310470,18345522,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Upana,"Ok. Just completed my first full playthrough of this game, and I liked it. The map is huge. I mean really really big. Really. Best as I thought I had a good corner of the world sliced out for myself, a few alliances quickly revealed to me exactly how vast the world I played in was, and how little of it I in reality controlled.But, and there is a but. The game has some shortcomings.It is built around a simplified trade and millitary system, without much progression. You unlock a few specialised units as you advance (locked to regions; e.g. Longbowmen in Great Britain etc) - but the trade/commerce system never changes from the start until the end. There are no regional supplies, basically only some very basic consumption type goods for food, a few ""component"" type commerce items (like wool for cloth, grain for beer) and a few ""business items"" (finished products, like clothes, jewellry, tools) - and that's it. So you basically end up having 100 cities or more, all producing the very same goods, and moving them around in a simplified ""balance all"" traderoute system. This works ok in the beginning, when you have less than 10 cities and choosing what each city builds and distributes actually makes sense - later on there is no point whatsoever, and the whole idea of setting up and min-maxing your traderoutes is just pointless. You don't care what they build; you just add production facitilites to cities for them to grow.But all things said, I did enjoy the game. I just feel it falls slightly short for much replay value. Also; I conquered the world, but didn't get to grandstand in a massive throneroom being worshipped by the world. What's up with that?   Game just carried on, like a sandbox that never ran out of sand."
76561198052371147,Recommended,310470,18212634,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Silver Ghost,"many reviews of this game are poor becuase they come in expecting something it is not. This is not a military game, it is an economics game. It does that very well in my opinion. It does have a hell of a learning curve, which most people whine about these days when death comes in negitive numbers, not in battles lost. Having a military is extremely costly, that is truely to deter anyone from trying to turn it into a military rush game. THIS ISN'T A TOTAL WAR GAME, and it has nothing to do with the earlier grand ages rome. If you wanted combat, go else where. the combat model in this game is set up so that you dont have to pay attention to combat, troops are very fire and forget, and no amount of tactics will save an inferior army. The bandits are a little over powered for my tastes, given the massive military costs, but thats it for military complaints.As towards peoples failures, this game was set up to be like the middle ages, in the middle ages NOT EVERYONE SUCCEDED. The best players of this game will still lose because of a random plague at the beginning or something of that nature.there are parts of this game that are not intuitive, but anyone who has taken a college economics course will tell you that economics rarely is. And as i said before, this game is true to the economics of the time. Can you have a max size city? Yes, larger is always possible, but you have to be a master at logistics, and almost no one is.TLDR: This game is fun, but has a harsh learning curve, and is about realistic economics, not warfare."
76561198047134587,Not Recommended,310470,18226494,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,yellow,"It looks like developers tried to mix ideas from many different games and it didn't work out. Combat is terrible, comparing it to Total War is a joke. Making units fighting on main map was a mistake, when pretty much all you can do after battle started is to give an order to retreat. I guess ""Grand Ages"" refers to how long fights take when enemy is outnumbered 10:1. Medieval is only in title, its hard to feel the historical theme when most of the map is empty and there are no differences between any countries/areas/regions.It is possible to be self sufficient with just 4-5 cities, there are no points of strategic importance.Diplomacy doesn't really exist - it is just: send money to city ruler until he agrees to be annexed.Technology tree progress depends on number of owned cities, same for number of traders, so there is no way to play non-expansive game.Ships can't transfer armies ... what the hell?In other words - if you want to create great trade empire go play EU4/CK2 as Venice, it will fill much more satisfying."
76561198027498131,Not Recommended,310470,22880562,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Bamxaus,The game is extremely repetitive. Cant believe I paid £30 for this :/.
,Recommended,310470,18213445,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Spirit,"Solid economy game, combat a little lack luster.  The hours just fade away playing Grand Ages: Medieval."
,Not Recommended,310470,18233027,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,PipoPT,"The first time I've seen an annoucement for this game I instantly thought about the hours of joy I've spent on Knights of Honor, Europa Universalis series and more recently on banished. Hell, the game trailers for Grand Ages Medieval looked awesome! I've thought about buying it right away. I've bought it on friday just 4 hours before the official release, but I had to leave for the weekend, leaving my computer on to arrive today and play it straight away. And so I did, I played today. And I think I won't play it ever again.See, the game I came to play looked more those free spammy games for Android and iOS, such Clash of Clans or whatever crap... I've found myself really sad as I was looking forward something else, better made.UPDATE: Requested a refund"
,Not Recommended,310470,18206633,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Sledge,"I wanted to like it, I really did.  There seems to be a stream of ""its not Banished"" and ""its not Total War"" stuff being thrown around on these reviews.  While I like both of those series, I was looking for an easy to use commerce simulator only.  I actually liked that the combat was minimized and uninvolved.  Unfortunately, the whole game ranges from too much management to too little, depending on the scenario and what resources you are looking at.  There are some bugs, which I'm sure will be fixed, but honestly I think the game UI and experience just isn't smooth.  I got a refund on my purchase and don't regret trying it out, but it just wasn't a keeper.  The intent is good, the execution isn't.  Its a pass."
76561198031957591,Not Recommended,310470,18208668,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,twollnik,WOW what a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game ...
76561198006616591,Not Recommended,310470,18251368,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Eko,"I think there are better games when it comes to governing, or ruling and building a virtual realm.As things stand now, this game is only fun if you are a proffessional acountant.You need a calculator and spredsheet to micromanage it all.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YUiBBltOg4"
,Recommended,310470,18191030,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Anndy578,nice and relaxing. no major bugs so far and performance is perfectly fine
,Recommended,310470,18235858,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,I'm Oscar,"This game is like Europa and Tropico combined, kinda like.... Europaco.... or.. Tropia?... GRAND AGES MEDIEVAL! 4/0.005"
,Recommended,310470,24833097,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,$crooge,"Have not finished it yet, but this one need a review while it's on sale.This game comes with new Ideas for strategy games and does well on almost all of them. The single player campain/tutorial is intriguingly written with a good learning curve and well presented story. Buildings options though tend to run out quickly and the management consists of mostly simple repeating steps. The game balance/difficulty is overall easy and plays slowly. Here I can see what other reviewers hint at and must agree with most of the criticism. On the other hand the game works very well in it's strong fields like UI, presentation, graphics and visiual feedback. The latter meaning a thing I really love: all buildings, in progress or otherwise, the resources of a city, everthing reflects in the game world, a game world with free zoom I might add.So shortly, If you only read this bit and fly over more reviews - Grand Ages: Medieval is visually nice, technically well executed and has a intriguing story. It falls short on balance or big strategy things and is as easy as repetitive.I recommend it as the relaxing strategy game for the casual medieval fan. Definitly get it on sale.PS: Multiplayer is to slow and not relaxing, I guess (not tested)."
76561198008018479,Not Recommended,310470,18200893,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,mike4314,"I have played Port Royal 2, Port Royal 3, Patrician, The Guild, City developing games...you get the point. I have never seen a game so bad on trading aspect. Also it seems like you need to micro manage to get things done. Production costs and upkeep of traders seems a little high or the trading itself is bad. I am still attempting to give the game a chance. I was really excited for this game because of the mix between civ 5 and port royal however, I think there needs to be some patching."
76561198102993872,Not Recommended,310470,18202072,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,erdemkarakas,"Working on trade and production is my favorite but after Patrician, I cannot understand how they missed so many management details. I was expecting something more developed and sofisticated than Patrician but alas, it was the opposite. Even for someone not really kin on Total War-like combat, the combat and military is too dull. Why not have much more micromanagement and decision making in technology? Why not a more complicated and varied market? Why not more things to sell, buy and produce? Why limiting me on my minimum price to sell, when I want to sell for more profit with my automated routes? Why cannot the merchants interact with the warehouses to take in stock to sell somewhere else but just buy from the market?Why not more type of buildings? Hospitals, theatres, libraries etc. that would effect the growth of the city? etc...I'm sorry but too many lackings...Too many for  a game so ambitious in its announcing"
76561198172133329,Not Recommended,310470,18211267,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,cloud9,can i have a refund?  its not that good as you seen the video.
,Recommended,310470,18242884,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Kaizan,"No more blatantly creating trade routes and earning millions of cash, this game makes you work for every little bit of gain you make through planning and logistics and when you think you get ahead of the curve it slams you right back down with bandits, roaming animals or a declaration of war from a well prepared AI.Would be destroyed again 10/10TLDR: Dark souls of eco simulation games MUST PLAY."
76561198034213882,Recommended,310470,18665734,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,shinedown,this game is really  good
76561198045448845,Not Recommended,310470,24615374,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,GumbyWench,"Imagine you thought of a concept for a game. You were excited about it. But then, when you weren't high/ridiculously drunk anymore, you tried to make it. After 30 minutes, you decided to trash the idea because you realised how♥♥♥♥♥♥it was. But then, someone took the DUMP you left in the toilet (that was previously your idea for the game - stay with me, this review, unlike the game, is going somewhere...) and turned it into a game. THIS IS THAT GAME.WIPE HARD."
,Not Recommended,310470,18232415,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,HERT2908,"I was actually excited for this game to come out for a few weeks thought it looked really good. Pretty dissapointed by it. Game is very slow paced, resources easy to get, combat is boring and non interactive. only took an hour and a half to realize it wasnt getting much better. refund requested."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,310470,18194447,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,WHOOLEE,"I have received a refund for this title.It looks great on the store page but man its dull and nothing to do, this is nothing like Rome, they have completely changed it, now you just click one town and another town and off the traders go.........How much more can Kalypso fall."
76561198040424084,Recommended,310470,22188656,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,James Kent,This is a good game. Its economic system is detailed and it takes time to become a big empire.
,Recommended,310470,22245274,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Neko,"Wow...I should have picked this up a long time ago.It's basically a land-based version of Port Royale 3 where you get more freedom to build as you like, the combat isn't annoying navel combat and you can actually design trade routes and cities that make logical merchantile sense. (like having wool and weavers in adjacent towns).If you liked Port Royale 3, Rise of Venice, or other such trading games, you'll love this game.If you're looking for Total War or some kind of military conquest game, go elsewhere. This is a game where you play a Merchant Prince/Princess."
76561197985797489,Recommended,310470,18251977,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Bandred,"This is a difficult game to recommend because it's one you're probably either going to love, or hate.  If you are looking for a Total War style strategy experience then just forget it.  This game is primarily about setting up profitable manufacturing and trading routes and using the income from this to finance your plans for world domination.  If you've enjoyed playing games like Patrician and Port Royale then there is an excellent chance that you will come to like this one, so long as you are not put off by first impressions, as I so very nearly was.The campaign serves as something of a tutorial, but it is all too easy, even when seemingly following instructions to the letter, to screw things up and find yourself running out of cash near the start.  The best thing to do is have some patience early on and don't rush to carry out each campaign task as quickly as you can.  Take some time to learn the interface and where you need to look for information regarding your production and the supply and demand details for each of your traders.My first few hours of play were very frustrating at times, but now I've got into it, Im really starting to enjoy it ... so a qualified recommnedation from me."
76561197993694207,Not Recommended,310470,18362785,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Datek,"Looks and plays like a low budget Game made 10 years ago.  No joy here, don't waste your time or money."
,Not Recommended,310470,18694971,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Grish,Two months later and no improvement. Hasn't even been an update since release week. The devs cashed in and ran off.This is the reason Steam refunds need to allow for more than 2 hours over 2 weeks.
,Recommended,310470,18193704,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,warmus,"I played alot of grand strategy in my days (being a paradox fan <3) and i can say this title is great. The only real problem in my opinion is the amount of commodities (from a patrician perspective). The combat and huge map makes up for this though.It is basicly a mix of patrician, civilization and hegemony games. So if you like these titles you should pick it up!"
76561198065214307,Recommended,310470,18216226,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Drake,"This is an awesome game.A lot of negative reviews are because people don't understand how to expand and trade. Everything is interconnected. The bigger your city, the more it consumes. You can't have 100 cities with 30 thousand population each. You have to balance your empire, and don't overextend it. However, people don't understand that, don't calculate resource consumption vs production, and their empire collapses.If you like resource management, deep tactical resource and logistics strategy, I highly recommend it."
76561198032257417,Not Recommended,310470,22442190,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,PR_P@nth0r,This game is a POS ... not even worth $2 vaguely like settlers but no polish ... no where near as good :(
76561198091103208,Not Recommended,310470,20356063,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,1B-15-FirelFox,*Well trying to take the time once more recently as of 1/6/2016 i cant seem to beat nor keep my people happy even with cheats this game needs help So i can not recommend this game at the time being.If it impoves then al  recommened it.
76561198007236904,Not Recommended,310470,18219608,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ken.lakes,"Quite a lot of potential, but it needs some work. The game seems very unbalanced.The economy is not manageable using autotrade.Bandits spawn to fast. Being able to handle them is impossible with the economy issuesOn normal it seems that the AI far exceeds your incomeImpossible to ""win""No for now, wait until a few patches"
76561198001282737,Recommended,310470,18216647,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ronh239,The mixed score of the reviews is due to people who don't understand the gameplay mechanism or have hardware problems.I can only say: this game Is all what I expected: a grand RTS game with a historical background beaded in a  nice medieval atmosphere; don't be mislead by bad reviews based on battle expectations or lack of hardware configuration.
76561198028667693,Not Recommended,310470,18217008,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Bristonian General,"So Far I am not the only one with this problem, I payed £25 on this game and it has delivered nothing but confusion and in every game i try to play where that be campagin or open game, you always get bankrupt.I had high hopes for this game and it was really not worth it. I hope that the developers get into gear and fix the game as i am now stuck with the game."
76561198031331360,Not Recommended,310470,22056315,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,darkdeath,Im not too sure if yall are updating but if you still are please lower the cost of maintence for soldiers because a two city nation just took three citys from me and wiped my whole army out with there army 3 times my size which again idk where there getting there money from because im allies with everyone around them and around me and yet the allies wont do much fighting besides skirmish here and there.No for right now but yes if they somehow fix the cost and problems of maintaining all the supplies.
76561198004309356,Not Recommended,310470,19184447,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Bender,"I'm not into economy micro-managment to this scale. Also, the AI is way to difficult for me to enjoy the game past an hour or two where the AI has a swarm of 40 troops compared to my 4. Thanks, but I don't play games to stress out."
,Not Recommended,310470,18212184,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kalkaph,"I gave this game a fair shot, but man. I still cannot figure out how to avoid going bankrupt. Beat the campaign, somehow managed to make it work, then I try free play and every single game (Tried over 20) I went bankrupt. The financial system is not user friendly in the least and needs tweaking or this game is going in the back of steam with the rest of the garbage."
76561198119016510,Recommended,310470,18226727,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,bajsonja,Since 25 September 2015 I cant leave my pc alone because of this game....
,Not Recommended,310470,18196331,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Malevolent Dawn,"This game has several issues for me that make playing the game an annoying and exhausting experience. The economy system is not straight forward and can be rather difficult to manage. The game had a pre order DLC which is becoming the sad reality with a lot of games today and illuminates the fact that games are just sources of income for developers like this. I dont mind paying for a game, but this game with the DLC included is not worth $40.My next complaint is very nit-picky, but I feel like there are those who will agree with me. Two units of swordsmen had trouble with wolves... Not to mention that their battle with these wolves started in winter and ended in summer. I am just not a fan of combat systems like this, it breaks any idea of realism.Summary:Economy system is not straight forward.It is not worth $40.Battle realism is laughable."
76561198066359775,Not Recommended,310470,18203456,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Archaon,"Im so happy steam brought refunds in. The game has an enjoyable trading system and contains warfare which is an enjoyable aspect. However the combat is boring. However i found it extremely difficult to maintain my money. Troops cost far too much to maintain. The large map is great, however there is no need to pursue a large empire as it will almost lead you into crippling debt. It's a mediocre game and not worth the £30.00. 5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,310470,18323528,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kenny,"The game did a good job of disguising its horribly buggy interface and lack of gameplay for the first few hours by giving long cutscenes and tutorials, probably to prevent steam refunds, but the game has 0 depth and doesn't make any sense. They recently pushed a patch that makes my mouse unable to click through the menus because it thinks my mouse is 3 inches or so away from where it actually is. If valve has any pride in the quality of product they sell on steam they will remove this broken game.Don't buy this game!!!"
76561198032864831,Not Recommended,310470,18379800,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Rhm.-B. WT,LONG AND BORING !
76561198133574320,Not Recommended,310470,18200680,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,acronimowww,The game concepts are all explained in approx. 20 pages of the manual (?) pictures included. The deepness and the fun of the game is in line with that.
76561198128352781,Recommended,310470,29154770,Posted: 9 January,all,Marhe_Widur,"If you want game of war like total war series or the other games like a same, forget this game. But if you want game of war focused on economic primary then war buy this game, recommended. ."
,Recommended,310470,18236208,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,unikrn | tom,"Grand Ages: Medieval - An economic simulation about trading and building citiestl;dr - If you crave for a trading simulation, with beautiful landscapes and a challenging micro-economy system and on top like to manage towns and cities, this game is for you!I've had the pleasure of receiving a beta key to this fantastic game. As a huge fan of ""The Patrician"", ""Port Royal"" and ""Rise of Venice"", this game promised a relaxed but challenging simulation which combines trading, building and managing towns. Yes, they did put in the military aspects but it is NOT an RTS game and it shouldn't be compared to games from the Total War series because it never intended to be a war simulation!You start your path to glory with a single town and some ressources. Quickly you will understand what is required to become successful. You start expanding your empire in a peaceful matter, talking to your adjacent neighbors asking for trade alliances or even more. Then you take a look at the ressources your own town produces and you start building the first industry buildings. Load it up on traders, auto-route the nearest cities to form a route and voila, you have your first success!I love the flow of the game. It becomes more difficult very fast but it never turns into a hectic real-time strategy game. You can always reduce the game speed to 0x, breath and plan your next steps. And boy is that fun! Why is it fun?- Optimizing trade routes to get the best deals- Founding cities to get access to more rare ressources- Creating a network of supply cities to foster the growth of your key cities- Pick your way through the tech tree which will heavily affect your strategy- Earn lots of commodities and take control of Europe- Listen to the fantastic soundtrackThis game is a total time sink and I can't wait to play full version of it because the beta was already brilliant!"
76561198013907351,Recommended,310470,18238237,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,mdiesel95,Don't trust the negative review's this game will have updates and it will be awesome just wait awhile then buy after the updates.
,Recommended,310470,18238799,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,[FoE] Adron,"What this game is:A large scale city/empire management game focused on economy management.  You manage your cities' production levels, and the traders that trade between them.  Conduct diplomacy, and when that fails, war is always an option, albeit less interactive in engagement.What it is not:Total war, or any other similar nation building/warring game.  This is a unique, in depth economic management simulator!Should you get it?If you like managing cities, dealing with the economy, building europe from the ground up, conducting trade and diplomacy with simple combat features, this game is for you!Pros:-In depth economy management, manage trade routes, production levels, and product needs for your population.-Large world, untethered map means you can put your cities just about anywhere-Opportunity to expand with no limitations on numbers of town or territory you can control - no pesky vassals to worry about.Cons:-You have to micro-manage your traders and city production - to me this is a plus, but is seems many people don't like that-Limited combat.  Troops fight CK II/Knights of Honor style with little to no intervention needed.  I did notice that you can move them around, i.e. make your cavalry skirt the battle and engage the archers - I don't know how well this influences the outcome.-Failure to pay attention to monetary gains and losses will easily lead you into bankruptcyAll in all, this is a GREAT game.  Every negative reviewer on steam I have seen apparently does not understand the concepts of supply/demand, supply chains, or that this is an economy based game, not a military one.  So if you want military empire strategy games - go for Total war.  Want something new?  This game is for you!"
76561198006636488,Recommended,310470,21042951,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[Scrub] Hirophant,awesome game!
76561198081806256,Recommended,310470,21672884,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,richgib105,"This is a great economic sim. Its not action packed or a (on a large part) ""build it up then take over"" but more of the peacful grow your empire game. ITs a great game for those that liked Ceasr III and games of the like."
,Not Recommended,310470,18195361,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Jambience,"First impressions;""Target place is too far away"": You can't discover the map but sometimes it works, most of the time it doesn't.""Production is too high"": if you want to fix this problem, you need build more production buildings :)You can only produce 5 materials. If those have low demand. Game over.Those are what you get almost %90 of the game. It is annoying and frustrating."
,Recommended,310470,18223475,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Skyblade,"Got the achievement ""Got Laid"" and everything was made better."
76561198095418465,Recommended,310470,18268695,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,spartan1337odst,"This is a game of skill and balls if you dont mind me saying, nat all how play can master it like a creative assembily game.it takes a paticuler type of strategy gamer to play this amazing game and it also make it harder if you start of wrong or too fast, its a game off skill not going around with a huge army and killing and tacingover everything you see like Rome II or age of empires, nore is it a game were you stay put and do nothing for you will be taken by all around you,my advise is to start slow make a foundation then grow and grow but slowly dont rush expant to 3 town to start and establish a strong footing have asmeny diffrent reasouses as you can and trade all the time so you have a steady cash flow and dont have idle units siting around doing nothing it takes up cost and has no purpose or use, tradiers should have 10 carts to hand and allways max them to increses traide and production in towns and citys."
,Not Recommended,310470,18320016,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Sabbat,"Can't transport units across the sea except by way of a handful of chosen straits. Islands are irrelevant, and navies are only good for interdicting traders and helping capture the occasional coastal town. The economy lacks real complexity, and the resource variety isn't great enough to command lasting attention."
76561198004464908,Recommended,310470,18191773,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,LordOvelix,Great game.But .... It's kinda hard to get into. To get the economy working well you need to understand how it works. Im sure somone will eventually write a guide to it. Its basically about distributing the goods so that everyone town has what you produce.Just keep trying and you will eventually get it and once you do you one hell of a game in your hands!Good luck!
,Recommended,310470,18211476,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,MTLAnon,"one of the best game i have buy so far i love how there is element of diplomacy to take over the city and not just like wham bam war to take over the city. it also need some balanced inside a game such as too cheap take over of city in the early game, more contain research tree and comodity. but overal it is good i hope there is more mission on the open game as well.as for now the contain seems empty but i hope it will be more for it."
76561198069403081,Recommended,310470,18268335,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,jdguil,"The longer I play, the more I enjoy this game. The premise is similar to Civilization (and most other empire building games): you start with one small town, build the economy, settlers, armies, then spam cities across the map till you bury your opponents under the weight of your empire.However, the gameplay is very different from most other games of this type. First, there is much less warfare. The barbarians are relatively passive, and do not constantly attack your cities. Also, armies are expensive, so you fight fewer wars with fewer units.The biggest difference in Grand Ages compared to most empire games is the economic model. Grand Ages is primarily a trading game. There are 20 commodities you cities need, but  each city can only make 5, So trading is required. A large interlocking trade network is key to success. However most of your trading can be automated, so you don't constantly have to keep track of dozens of units like you do in many empire builders.I said I like this game the longer I play, because the economic system is so very different from other empire building games  and takes time to learn. In some games, once you get a few key technologies, your cities will earn obscene amounts of money. But in Grand Ages, the cost of production comes very close to equaling your income from sales. So building more factories to produce more goods is not always a good policy. You must balance production against demand. If you produce more than you can sell, prices will fall,  your production costs will be greater than your sales, and you quickly go bankrupt.  It takes practice to learn to only build businesses which have enough demand to support them. (I recommend watching some Utube videos dedicated to explaining the economy to help understand how this works.) One huge annoyance is that some of the most important charts on managing your economy and trade routes are buried under layers of screens. Read the forum and watch some videos to find these key charts.While they are great games, Civ, EU, and Total War have been around for decades, and I find the game play getting really stale. Grand Ages Medieval introduces what I find to be a fresh approach to empire building.My main gripes are with the poorly organized economic charts, and the very poorly optimized campaign game. I thought the campaign was supposed to introduce you to good gaming practices, but I learned more about  game play watching 30 minutes on Utube than in several hours of playing the campaign. The campaign progresses at a snails pace, and did more to hinder my understanding than help. I had to restart several times because my economy kept collapsing when I tried to followed the advice of the narrator.I would rate this game 8/10, and worth the price compared to similar games."
76561198007123554,Recommended,310470,18277339,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Bobby Brown,It's alright so it is.
76561197994282251,Recommended,310470,18278525,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,nothomewhenaway,"Absolutly a good game. Reccomend trying it. I feel the amount of bad rewievs are somwhat undeserved. Some point to valid points like a limited number og resources and a somwhat repetitive gameplay after the mid game for example. But overall this is a very nice looking, enjoyable game with a high challenge level."
,Recommended,310470,18722386,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,traveo,"This is actually a fairly engrossing game. I have to agree with some of the other reviewers that the development of additional DLC will be a fanstatic and welcome addition, and I look forward to seeing what the developer is able to accomplish with this. I would prefer to see a series of regular, perhaps monthly DLC releases to add to in-game experience.I would love to see additinal specialty buildings and unique region resources added. I would also love a larger map. Additional considerations would be stronger city specialization, more research tree upgrades, and the like."
,Recommended,310470,18382384,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Konge.no,"Its like a mash up of settlers of catan, knights and merchants and total war. It all happens real time so the fighting is basically automatic - the game focuses on macro not micro."
76561198020472215,Recommended,310470,18277250,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Lord Brycen,"The developers are working out the kinks and bumps in the game with patches every few days. They even have a forum called ""Kalypso listens"". Rather than voice upset opinions on the public product page, they have a place where angry or constructive things can be written, read, and responded to accordingly. They even announced that small DLC's will be free to the users... they are learning"
76561198010030185,Not Recommended,310470,18336074,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,KingRasuelone,Missing msvcr 110.dll cant f--king play the game 40 bucks out the window C'MON SON!!!!!!!!
76561198066967353,Not Recommended,310470,20070220,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Loki,junk！
76561198041156939,Recommended,310470,18289972,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Travis,"I do enjoy game so far, petty much mostly forced on trading, planing where to set up a city and set city work on and forced on what to product to work with other city as team work, while this game isn't forced on military war, but they do had simple military/war, do had all basic sure as spearmen, swordmen, archer, knight but core is a  economics with well place town/city with wise choice what to product to work with other town/city. You don't had to use military to taken over city, I think you could buy town/city as well with trading stuff,  It's fun game! I don't think I see much of bug, just tiny bug there, but nothing major.I do recommend for player who love to do peaceful economics or don't mind had a war if they wish, but for player who love fighting all the time or major time but isn't interesting in economics planing might isn't for them."
76561198155877325,Recommended,310470,18341178,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,damiancollisson,"The game is fine apart from battles are almost unwinnable, even trying to seige is impossible."
,Recommended,310470,30464174,Posted: 11 March,all,AltairZenbios,"This game is amazing, and fun to play, if you know how to play, and have the patience that is required. I'm in love with it, and first had it on PlayStation, but immediately bought it for PC upon transition, don't make the hasty judgement to say that the game sucks, play around with it, enjoy it"
76561198081834220,Recommended,310470,23353170,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,rg.slowesty,"I like it, but it has taken me a bit to understand the game. The more I play the more I have to dig deepter to get the trading. So, know it's a trading and empire expansion game. There is no real action. It is somewhat slow moving, time is ticking and can be sped up a bit, you get the picture. Don't buy if your're looking for something else. It has instructions that require complex thought. This is not for Total War fans. It is more like the Civ series in the battle area, with the ai conducting outcomes, but trading and city/empire expansions are way way more complex."
76561198044854738,Recommended,310470,35327641,Posted: 30 September,all,laughingraghu,A Decent Game....
,Not Recommended,310470,18193044,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,-=PR=-_Miller,"Games machaninics just dont work properly. The campaign even suffers from faults, such as bankrupting the player with no way out despite following step by step instructions. When asking the devs for help, they basically blow you off. Save your money"
76561198016254107,Recommended,310470,18235360,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Secretsniper,easy to get into but difficult to master.
76561198030711809,Not Recommended,310470,18195693,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Pulse,"I need to refrain from preordering games. Game is not what i expected.- trading simulator- combat that lacks strategy- no advanced graphics settings anywhere (graphics don't look as good as in the trailers)- game crashed twice within an hourIn my honest opinion it's not worth the price tag. My first refund request ever lol.No more preorders, i've been burnt too many times."
76561197972044311,Recommended,310470,18189000,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Enes,"Addicted alert!Buy it , Play it , Love it..Than tell your friends and persuade them for buy this beatiful game!Tons of expansions may coming with this huge game world!----------------------TurkishFavori serinin devamı..Rise of venice serisi ile biraz monotonlaşmışlardı ancak bu oyun ile tekrar şaha kalkmış görünüyorlar.Patrician serisindeki gibi her yeni görevde yeni özellikler ile tanışmak yeniden heyecan verici!Harika! Oynayın, yetmez çevrenize sevdirin!"
76561198064314553,Not Recommended,310470,18206314,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Cesnek,"watching simulator in which you can improve your practice with using spacebar. 0/10dont buy it. I am sure, this game was origin focus to mobile devices, but then they change their mind.Commercial trailer is perfect, but it doesnt describe real mechanics and gameplay of this game.This game is boring, there is no action, you just wathing merchant cavarans which are riding between cities.  You have no tools  how to influence game... you can build 5 building and its your all gameplay...Combat - ist same like in Settlers online(do you know this browser game? right?)..maybe worst.check positives reviews and show me some players who played this game longer than 40 hours."
76561197988468743,Recommended,310470,18189231,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Knightsodyssey,So far so good. I'd challenge that the price point is at a high end even with the discount i got. I wish it let you design a little more detaily like port royal where you put stuff. Feels like Civ 5 but stuck in time centry. Music is ok.Very few bugs for me with launch. The customize options are super limited. At this price point I should be able to super impose my face in the game like Madden. But it only lets you pick from a few pedifile looking people. The design for emblem is limited too. I like the game idea and hope they keep improving it as it does have a lot of potential. Just feels like it could add more depth in customization for my money.
,Not Recommended,310470,18239986,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Kaiser,it really saps the fun out of making money
76561197978170885,Not Recommended,310470,18228973,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,rgwilson3,How do i get  a refund?
,Not Recommended,310470,18234090,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Mercer,"its a less fun port royal, cosumption is so low and production so high it seems abit off wack set a trader on a route and he will bankrupt you quickly, theres no way to limit how much he spends and he buys all the over produced items that you already have in your towns"
76561198097621752,Not Recommended,310470,33296167,Posted: 5 July,all,Zoobas,"I love this game, but sadly i cant recommend...The problem is that what it still has no DLC or new upadates so far, it had great potencial and other stuff what kept me waiting to leave positive review but thats enough!Pros:Economy,Potencial,Intresting expansion.Cons:It has DLC option in game but thats only a joke cuz it doesnt have any dlcs! ;)Too repetitive and gets boring quickly.Combat is kinda bad, towns gets repaired way too quickly, you will see if your about to try it.My verdict wait for any updates and buy only then."
76561198089888057,Recommended,310470,18196084,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,babacool56,HOW TO WIN AT THIS GAME :1) never fight the other ''player'' just focus on éco2) always have 10-15 unit to deal with bandit  (you wont need more)3) wait until you have 20M (took me 5 hour)4) Build 130 unit5) Attack the capital of an emperor6) WIN the fight (might take a while)7) YAY YOU GOT ALL IS CITIES8) game will stop working because you have to many cities (i had like 100)10/10 will do it again
76561198024024326,Not Recommended,310470,18201822,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,BlitzKrieg,"I watched gameplay videos of this game from Beta, it seemed very interesting. But as soon as I got in the game I realized it was very dull. As soon as you get in the game it has nothing makeing you want to play the game, no reason to play it. The fighting and gameplay make almost no sense, and this game is very boring. So dont even bother buying the game."
76561198011083571,Not Recommended,310470,18199015,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Carig,For a medieval simulation it feels all wrong... I was no happy my level of control over the simulation or focus of what I controlled. Lacks the in depth control of the Guild and the authentic feudal feel on the Crusader Kings. The game seems stable and well producted as far as it goes thus others may enjoy I suppose.Definately not for me however...
76561197972039165,Not Recommended,310470,18199177,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Penny Lee,"I really wanted it to be like ""Grand Ages:Rome"" (GAR) but medievil time. No one seems to mention this past title which I still play and for some odd reason they are compiring it to Banished/Civ 5. Unlike GAR you cannot place buildings and when you build/upgrade somehing the village just pops up remade under the build panel before you even close it, nothing gets build like in GAR and no options.  Infact hardly anything to build and the village just fills like a single tile that changes.  I am not sure this is a good idea and shame its missing so much compired to GAR.  I do like the map and trading, but it needs the level of detail seen in GAR as I wanted to be in command of what and where to build within my village area as this makes for a chalenge in GAR with limited resources and space and to be honest looks better.The trading looks fun but with only 20 item types to trade kinda boring as there is not much of a production line, feels to simple, I like the grandness of design with the map but I hate the simple design and operation of the village tile. This version mainly feels like a merchant trading game and not a civ building empire and there are better versions of merchant games out there and a lot cheaper.Based on what it could have been, what is and the lack of detail its no way worth £30, better getting Grand Ages:Rome.4/10"
76561197987131823,Not Recommended,310470,18595958,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Seth,Do not subject yourself to this poor excuse of a strategy game...
,Recommended,310470,33375805,Posted: 8 July,all,(((Semyon The Great))),"Bit more, bit less, but it's like 'the guild' on a kind of state levelSince it's not even some total waror other casul stuffget it with discountAlso try to imagine manually building up medieval EU even past mediterranean"
76561198024681278,Not Recommended,310470,18198623,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Sagacious Lu,"Bah, MEDIOCRE!!"
,Not Recommended,310470,18199625,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Skeletor,"If you walked in expecting Age of empires / Warcraft feel, you won't find it here. The graphics are good, but its just another Clone of Civ. not much ""Going"" for it in the long run.A few of the features i find difficult to grasp immediately, like how to get more workers, they seem to be an automatic thing. I don't know.So yeah, If you like Civ, this is perfect for you. If not, Oh well."
,Not Recommended,310470,18201816,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,masterqugie,All I can say is don't preorder a game let other people buy it first and check out the reviews most of them are dead on. right now this game is mix but that will change soon in a - way unless a major patch comes out to fix everything that makes this game boring.
76561198120476922,Recommended,310470,18594446,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,coldqwod,good game its realy complex and you got to make sure you are makin dem bucks
,Not Recommended,310470,18205004,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Rnard Elder,"I make this review because some of my buddies asked me how is the game for me. I should say first that i didn't play it a long time so i probably pass through good points, but here is what i feel about it:The map is big, and doesn't seem to lag on my computer. So it's a good point.The economic system seems to work well, but it's hard (at less for me) and that's a good point too.You can't place buildings where you want or design castle like you want like in a Stronghold, it's more you choose the type of building like in a Total War, and the ai place it where it can. But i believe with the number of cities you can create/conquer and so manage, it may be necessary to do so.The Battles. I believe it's due to the system (real time on a big map) but, even with the rock paper scissor system with the types of units, battles look like big melees, i hardly manage something, you don't have any siege engine, you make the siege of a city with a timer to get it, it's less good than a Stronghold battle, and so far away of a Total War battle feeling.I don't regret to get this game, because i was waiting for it, but if you ask me because you are not sure, i don't recommend it. :/"
76561197962695726,Not Recommended,310470,18205373,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ant,"Game is not entirely what expected, I jumped right into the open game, however after reading alot of reviews went ahead and did the campaign.  The game is very obtruse, is nothing like EU4 or Civ 5, and is mainly a trading game (which is fine).  However, due to the trading system in the game, there is a very large learning curve, and since the game is centered around trading, you'll most likely find yourself scratching your head for a few hours before shelving it, the game has *much* potential in the future, but in it's current state I cannot recommend this game and requested a refund, I do have 4 hours played so I might not get that refund, but we'll see."
76561198007235422,Not Recommended,310470,18448977,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Kazox,Boring
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,310470,18206713,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,AiDec,"This game doesn`t fit description. It`s far far away from strategy game, it`s way more like trading game, where trading is THE most difficult and user unfriendly feature.Bad design, VERY bad user experience, too much of my time wasted trying to make it working :/I buy plenty of games and I play them. But this one is overcomplicated and it`s a failed mix of; strategy, bit of tactics and a lot of unpleasant trading :("
76561198006532157,Not Recommended,310470,18206400,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,William Haverly,"BIG BUG!!! GAME WILL NOT START FOR 12 hours running just same messagePerforming first time setup Message - installing: Microsoft .NET Framework (step 1 of 1)Funny thing, I have alreay played the game for two hours. Now it won't start. I have an i7 pc computer with 6gb Nvidia card. Any help out there?"
76561197970540475,Not Recommended,310470,19808406,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,jernst288,"Extremely boring.  Build your business by clicking and waiting, build a trader, set a route, build settlers and move out etc, etc, etc.  Then just watch and hold the dspace bar forever to speed it up...no you cannot just put it on higher speed.  I like these types of games but a monkey could do it."
76561198021811107,Recommended,310470,18195570,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Roka,"Grand Ages: Medieval is a decent game. It is first and foremost an economic simulator with war and diplomancy thrown in for good measure.You take the role of a small city cheifton and from there you manage your village into a city that trades with other towns/cities in the region. You expand your influence by settling more cities as your hometown grows. You have to be able to micromange your economy to be successful in this game, it is not a  build a base to destroy your enemies game. What it does accomplish very well is its level of detail and replayablity based on what region of the world you play in. As you explore there are different events that can help or hinder your fiefdom. Natural disasters, bandits and wild animals hinder your trade and kill your people. So maintaining a balance of defense and economic prosperity is absolutely crucial to your success.My only real compliant with this game and this can be easily fixed, is the map can be to large when playing the whole of Europe. you can literally go hours without seeing an other opponent. The game stops you from adding no more than 8 opponents on a giant map and adapts if you chose to regionalize, which is fine for most players, but if your looking for a small arena map with alot of opponetns, than this is going to dissapoint.The learning curve for Grand Ages is about 1-2 hours in my expereince learning how to trade properly can be fustrating but really rewarding if you take the time to read the prompts and consider the laws of supply and demand.Overall the game is pretty solid as it is more of a economic simulation that compares to Europa: Universials or Crusader Kings."
76561198009551892,Recommended,310470,18215382,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,JFD,"Don't listen to all the naysayers, this game is actually great, if you play it for what it is.It's not a Civ game, it's not a City Building game, and it's not Total War.It is, however, a well done trading Sim game. In order for your faction to prosper and expend, you need to build an economy through trade. The sheer size of the world means you can trade your way to insanity before you run out of potential trade partners or room to expand to.To expand your empire, you can build new cities and roads or shipyards for your traders to do their thing, you can annex existing cities through diplomacy (or more accurately, buy the Hell out of them), or conquering them. The military option is there, but it's extremely costly and in the end, not worth the effort probably until way later in the game than I'm at.I played the campaign a bit, but I didn't care for it. Instead I played Open games, which offer different maps and starting conditions so you can change things up a bit.Overall, a very decent game that is sadly underrated due to players expecting a different game than what it is.Negatives :-Somewhat repetitiveWhile the game does have pretty much unlimited replay value, at its core, it's all about building the right industries and sending the right goods to the right place so you're basically doing the same thing all the time : building industries and sending traders away.-Slow paceThere's not a lot of action going on.  Few events happen and I haven't had to fight anybody yet other than bandits and wild animals here and there.Positives :-Interesting economyThe game is based on your ability to play supply and demand, not overproduce, and build towns to complete industrial loops. Not as simple as it may sound.-PolishedSome people may say otherwise, but I have yet to run into a bug, or into anything that did not function as intended. No issue with Windows 10 and a Geforce 660 graphic card-UnrestrictiveWith the world being so large and mostly empty at first, you can essentially build and expand anywhere you want, which in turn affects your strategy. You can expand by building new cities, winning over existing cities through diplomacy, or conquering them (honestly, the last option is the least efficient)"
76561198034704678,Recommended,310470,18225719,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Maliciousness,"Like... I enjoy sim games, and like that this isn't just a war game.  Reminds me of Civilization.Don't like... Game crashes a lot in Multiplayer.  I find it hard to raise enough revenue to keep any sort of an army going."
76561198107317499,Recommended,310470,18239950,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,TheKingOfKings,.
,Not Recommended,310470,19383536,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TaeyeonBombz,"I wasted money during the release of this game, I find that it is not worth it. It is a game of everything a bit here and there, resulting in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
76561198007754073,Recommended,310470,19285947,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Cohnman5,"Very addicting, an improvement over Venice, but still has a few flaws, but very, very enjoyable.  A real treat to play!"
76561198301356795,Recommended,310470,24919461,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Annechatrin,"Hi!When I bought this game I really looked forward to play it on my Mac. Have a new Mac. Though itwasn´t easy because I couldn´t play fully because I can´t right or leftclick on my mouse and therefore need other commands to play the game. But there is no, or I dont find any, commands. All this makes the game difficult toplay..."
76561198024292506,Not Recommended,310470,19624470,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,JabbaTheHunty,It was fun untill the AI rushed me with over 200 troops and all i had was 10.200/10
76561198011094301,Recommended,310470,18214783,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Senektra,"This game from what I have seen so far is a very creative approach to an RTS game. I am kinda surprised that people are surprised by the way this game is developing. I have enjoyed GAR, Tropico 5 and Imperium Romanum and I am happy to add this one to my library.They have fixed the main issues that impacted me playing in the meantime and that deserves some credit. Having said that, the economy does need some tweaking to make it work better here and there . The tutorial/ campaign could stand to be more explicit in the hows and whys of economy building during the campaign if there isnt going to be more of a tutorial separate from the campaign.Learning how to build profitable trade routes are a challenge to figure out but not impossible. There is a lot of good stuff in there.- During the campaign, it seems no one wants to offer a trade alliance without a significant impact to your cash reserves a bit too early.- Focus on building traders and carts according to trade capacity on each route and only get additional traders seemed to help me but for a game that is trade intense, there should be more about how to set the trade routes up effectively in the campaign.Video graphics are right on target for me and I really enjoy being able to still go in close and see the people doing different tasks. I also enjoy the seasons changing. Overall in this area I am happy with it. I enjoy the voice overs and would encourage you to do the same with the mission pop up dialogues during the campaign to further enhance the player experience.Bottom line, I like what they have done so far and I look forwars to seeing more. I am glad you won't be microcharging for additional content. I think the approach for future plans for a big expansion like tropico had are on target and look forward to playing more multiplayer too. :P Don't let the mixed reviews fool you, if you appreciate RTS and city building, you should add this to your library."
,Not Recommended,310470,22741610,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Petry an den Herd!,Its lame. Its broken. Its just stupid. Dont buy it.
76561198112486545,Recommended,310470,18190172,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,AutisticPenguin,10/10KappaDappa.
76561198051412968,Not Recommended,310470,18244214,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,jerranai31,This is economy game
76561198106516206,Not Recommended,310470,18209188,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Teemoo,"i tried this game again and... failed, ok sorry about it"
76561197970596281,Recommended,310470,18187708,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Lord Hagar,"So far so good -- 1 hour into the main game and I'm not gouging my eyes out - so that's a thumbs upTutorial pretty decent - and refreshing after needing to refer to youtube for the last 3 indie games I bought...A nice blend of Medieval total War. Civ and something else (I don't know, I'm only one hour in...)update: 2hrs in and I'm running at a loss...20k in the hole and I'm in the tutorial part...geesh"
76561198173110959,Not Recommended,310470,18207046,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,请给我一个从人机中走出来的理由,"画面开低效和高效完全两个游戏。。。。我感觉花了200多块钱买了个益智拼图游戏。。。The high quality graph is nice, but my laptop runs it more like playing a PPT....and low graph.....hahhahaha, are you kidding me!!!!!! this game don't have  a low graph, it's totally like a♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!"
76561198034208718,Not Recommended,310470,18206289,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,david.neill,I regret buying this. It is a slow moving game that really just focuses on economics. There are many flaws that need to be worked out so that the game experience is more satisfying on a constant basis.
76561198070982792,Not Recommended,310470,23890439,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Chronicles,"this game is not what I anticipated it would be, in a bad way"
76561198009528001,Not Recommended,310470,19944198,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Karaya (Michael),"Nothing like Grand Ages: Rome, which is basically what I expected the game to be like.Very in depth global economy, which is not at all what I was looking for.I won't go so far as to say this is a bad game, but if you're looking for Grand Ages: Rome with a medieval theme, this is not even close.I get economics, I wanted to build a cool medieval town."
76561198019014829,Recommended,310470,18250724,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Varileztra,"This game is nice.I can't really tell what i enjoy about it, for the only things that come to my mind, while i write this, are the flaws/annoying things i notice.Such as the economy. Managing all the goods is fairly easy as soon as you understand the system and get a cycle of 4 cities together. But until you reach that point you have a very very annoying meantime, where your towns are still developing and growing.The combat has a weird feeling to me aswell... the circle is fullbut my troops are still in combat for ages... yes i know it means that my troops are outmanning the enemy by far, yet the fight seems to be endlessNegotiating with NPC mayors doesn't have a loot of benefit to me anymore. They don't send traders themselves it seems and i have to build my own buildings around their productions, so it's just easier for me to run over them with my army real quick and re-build the town from scratch.With the NPC players i didn't have to much contact yet.. just found the first one of them and yea...when i look at the scoreboard i am like ""♥♥♥♥ this guy, i dont need to trade with him""And why don't i need to trade with him? because i have all goods for myself already. That's a big issue i think, because it makes trade agreements really unnecessary. the only thing that differs from each nation is just the one empowered troop you can train there. So what i am missing are important ressources like in Civ V, that you just dont have like almost everywhere per default. I want to get something out of trade agreements, like importing goods that i just don't have in my own lands.But this is just not the case, because there are no such important ressources and every 4 town cycle has all the needed goods almost guaranteed, if you used your brain while founding a new one.  Also this system doesn't really allow me to just go for one good that i want to produce, like make one town a freaking wepaon factory and sell those into the entire continent, while i import food and lumber from NPCs/players around meAnyways, as i said: I don't know why i like this game. You can see i only pointed out flaws, but yet i still play the game every day for a few hours."
,Recommended,310470,18283722,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,VirtualViking,im very aggrivated with this game i like it but ....... it feels like an early acess game ... i have payed less for 20 buck ea games and had more content what buggs me the most is the auto trade does nothing i don't want to have to sit and micro manage otherewise cut out the military play you can't have micro manage military and trade ..... your trade should be taking items from your stocks and selling them thats it or atleast an option i have my trsader sell get a big some of money then 1 minute later he buys alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥and i go negitave then if the trip goes to far for the next city i get in a hole and i can't get out whilst being attacked by bandits ... this game needs alot of work
76561198095793836,Recommended,310470,25721909,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,martin-erichsen,5/10
76561198177558587,Recommended,310470,23934544,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,timetoburn,I reccomend this game because for the low price of 30 dollars where other strategy games cost 40 and 50 dollars with Grand Ages Medieval you get the same result.
76561198030980450,Recommended,310470,18195528,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Tallestdavid,Ottobear Empire Took over Constantinople 10/10
,Recommended,310470,24677740,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Lord Arius,"I've enjoyed this game so farThis game is a pretty robust economic simulator. It takes some time to really understand how to play it, I'm still in the process. The experience has been very enjoyable."
76561197998071013,Not Recommended,310470,18211136,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ManBearPig@SRM,I don't recommend this game.
,Recommended,310470,22917717,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,SoulKo Moomin,funny game. It is better building city game.
76561198021974257,Not Recommended,310470,18192358,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Gun-Runner89X,"Cannot play the game as it crashes faithfully every time I launch a new campaign, within 30 seconds. Tried several different settings to no avail. Other users are reporting identical issues. Sent email to Kalypso support regarding the problem and still haven't heard a peep from them.Cannot recommend this game at all until this extremely common crash issue is fixed. If they don't fix it soon, I'll be opting straight for a refund. Which is a pity cos I was thoroughly looking forward to this game having seen footage of it from several Youtubers.All going well, I hope that the game can become playable in which case I will gladly re-review it then. But until that happens, there are too many people reporting the exact same crash issue therefore I urge others not to buy the game until then."
,Not Recommended,310470,18915176,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,MIKA,Press spacebar simulator 2015.
,Not Recommended,310470,18232308,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SamDeMan,A group of 5 bears was going around raiding my trade routes. Sent a band of 100 mercenaries and 10 scouts to kill them. Bears killed all my soldiers and kept on raiding.10/10
,Recommended,310470,23174650,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Nitroo,"I just love this game! It is a great amount of fun! I recomende to buy it, worth your time and money!"
76561198044203858,Not Recommended,310470,24243140,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,fuTURE,terrible
,Not Recommended,310470,19724992,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Geofferic,"I can't ""meh"" enough.  Not only did the audio never work, but the game is just plain uninspired.Saw there was an update so I thought I'd see if this was worth re-purchasing.  Nope.  The ""update"" amounts to about 5 minutes of work for someone actually on whatever the dev's new project is.A month goes by on a badly reviewed game and we get a non-patch.Yep, this is abandoned."
,Not Recommended,310470,20380695,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Ron Swanson,Ferengi Simulator
,Not Recommended,310470,23149548,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,"Not worth it, sorry. 4/10."
76561198031044405,Recommended,310470,28368440,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BlackGhost,"Trade, diplomacy and war! All we need to conquer the world!"
76561198065988038,Recommended,310470,18292151,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Norlax,"developers read plz...Great gameI love the whole economic system of trading,road building,city growing,stock value ex. but lets be realistic people love conflict and war...you only focus on the trading part. YES its really fun building up your economy and seeing your empire grow.My point is that im trying to make is that you had a amazing idea but at  the wrong points, fot examble: Its medievel times so why dont we through in some fiction in like trolls,giants,orcs or evan werewolfs... people like that stuff( i dont really but i would still buy the game and ++++ PLUS++++  fiction lovers) add a better war consept and war lovers would also buy the game.SEE that im trying to tell you...i only bought your game for the trading part but if you put in war,fiction (OR maybe minigames....MAYBY!!! dont do it)deploymency,naval conqeust, ex. you will have a divercety of gamers buying your game...sorry for my spelling my english isnt the best...just remeber wat i told you...Thank you"
76561198010228624,Not Recommended,310470,28734744,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,anan_abdo77,"This game take us to the old good days of first generation of trading and Caribbian games such porto royale and patrician. well, with some extra graphics and more colorful. very disappointing !!!! Medieval games should have more stratgic and more action than what this game afford"
76561198007799026,Recommended,310470,18408231,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Jason13,lllllllllllllllllllooooooooooooooovvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeee iiiiiiiiiiiiittttttttttgreat game
76561198127221113,Not Recommended,310470,31692627,Posted: 11 May,all,Captaincrash,war is crap so if you like to kill stuff you will not like this game like me.
,Not Recommended,310470,24837497,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Stevezke,to me it seems that when makeing this game they only got a team of 5 people to work on it for 2 years...and they only work weekends...and everytime their boss asked for an update they would♥♥♥♥♥♥into a container and hand it to him saying.....we made the game here is the prototype
,Not Recommended,310470,18236284,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,TheForgottenFoes,.................................................................................................................................. its sux....
,Not Recommended,310470,18205703,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Uguu~,"The combat is fairly bad, it's very simplistic. There aren't many strong points to this game other than the economy. Only get this if you like to play economic sims, and even then I would say it's kind of basic and repetitive."
76561198072506865,Not Recommended,310470,21376788,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,blazerman93,"Graphics were messed up horribly and redowloaded it twice and no change, please fix"
76561198130910329,Not Recommended,310470,28812744,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TotallyMature,"The game was a disaster. Next time I'll be buying food for my Mukbang, NEVER BUY THIS GAME."
76561197998714008,Recommended,310470,22361599,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,rövspättan,Great game! Don´t trust the bad reviews.
,Not Recommended,310470,18195299,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Pow,"This game is just boring and bad, all you do is basically trade and you can't really make an army or fight. Too basic."
,Recommended,310470,18242733,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Jambatti,"This game has great potential, but yet its not fully uneashed.GA:Medieval is like a mix of Europa Universallis, Total War and Civilization games. If you are a fan of thoose, but yet tired of playing same games and looking for something new, this game definitely worth a try.But don't expect too much - this game still have much to develop in it, more like aplha test than a release version. Hope devs will update it frequently.7/10"
76561198033935779,Not Recommended,310470,18204131,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Cruxe,bad game
76561198066135987,Not Recommended,310470,18197348,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Rikashey,"I was really looking forward to this one for a while now but after having played it I'm pretty disappointed.From the trailer videos you'd think this game was all about building a strong kingdom in the medieval ages and conquering your enemies.Instead it's simply a game about economy with no real combat or conquering. You buy and sell hoping to turn a profit somehow but in the time I spent with it not even my automated ai-controlled merchant could turn a profit.The combat is what I was looking forward to the most. I had thought that I'd get a nice economy going then conquer my enemies with pikes and bows but even that was a let down.You simply send your unit to attack the enemy unit and have no influence over the ""battle"" at all.To put it simply, sitting there tweaking a production & trade menu for hours on end just isn't my thing."
76561198008711966,Not Recommended,310470,21652345,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,djones,Might be a great game.  Was immediately turned off by the totally non-intuitive interface.  Having a tutorial is no excuse.  It's 2016.
,Not Recommended,310470,18231829,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Whinelikebears,"Greece simulator 2015.Now introducing: The Trading Items DLC!For the low price of $15.00, you can enjoy your citizens flourish, as they work these new resources for their enjoyment. This DLC doubles. Yes, doubles the amount of resources there are in the game. That's a whopping 20 NEW resources for you to enjoy. What's that? You don't want to buy this DLC? Well too bad, go and enjoy the scarceness in resource diversity that this game truly does lack, so that your late game becomes utter crap due to making the same twelve resources throughout your ever-expanding empire!"
76561198050024265,Not Recommended,310470,18192005,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,jet,could have been much better very flat and boring game
76561198071898410,Recommended,310470,25939215,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mr.Cat,This is a good game but it needs cheat codes for when it gets too hard.
76561198102731688,Not Recommended,310470,18191553,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,asb.bogatyrev,"kinda meh, flat and empty. Best from civ and eu my♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,310470,18192707,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,HeroicLarvy,"My opinion on the game:I requested a refund, if Steam gives it to me, I'm okay with it.  If they don't, I'm also okay with it."
76561198029084026,Not Recommended,310470,21991506,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Soul Baby,It's just a knockoff version of crusader kings / total war. It's like it's going that route but just doesn't meet their standard.
,Not Recommended,310470,23525742,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Royal Redcoat,Trading simulator :c
,Not Recommended,310470,20751400,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Lucid Fox,Just dont
76561198041075930,Not Recommended,310470,28687553,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Prudence Medici,Bad game... a big dissapointment...
,Not Recommended,310470,19419604,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dehmerz,688888868666686888888868666866866666686666868666666686686668666666866668686666666868666688886668666686866666668866666866666686666868666666686866668666666866668686666666866866686666668888886888888868666866666666666666666666666666666668666668688888686668666666666668666866866686866686666666666668686668666868666866666666666668666686668686668666666666666686666866686866686666666666666866668888868888866666666666666666666666666666666666666Step 1: Highlight all numbers.Step 2: Click ctrl F.Step 3: Click 8 once.Step 4: You'll see what it says.
,Not Recommended,310470,18192052,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,TheRomanRuler FIN,This game is nothing like Grand Ages: Rome
76561198034518341,Not Recommended,310470,28230903,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Patch,"DO NOT BUY!!! It is a big waste of time and your money. it looks good but, it is not"
76561198033883495,Not Recommended,310470,26702681,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,@JonathanYoung2010,Not a fan of this game.
,Not Recommended,310470,18190580,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Rent,"Overall, this isn't necessarily a bad game, but it isn't the right game for me.I was really hoping that this would be more of a medieval city simulator. However, all of those aspects of the game that I'm into are completely autonomous. What I'm left with feels like a real-time version of Civilization. For some people, this may be exactly what they are looking for, but it simply doesn't have big appeal for me.A big part of the game seems to deal with trade. Ordinarily, I like trading games, but again many of the aspects that I like about trading games aren't here. I like more management in my game, while this feels a bit too casual for my tastes.For die-hard Civ fans, I'm sure you'll love it. If you wanted medieval-style SimCity, you won't find that here unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,310470,25767337,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Brytenwalda,"This game is horrible for anyone who is slightly OCD like myself and an avid fan of History.This is due to the city name generation when you build a city NO WHERE NEAR ITS LIVING COUNTERPART.If the game ever makes me build Paris off the Seine again I will scream.However I know that this will never happen as I fully intend on never playing it again.Like so many reviewers like myself, this game had so much potential but turned out to be ourPC master race worst enemy......a casual game."
76561198031716531,Not Recommended,310470,25119030,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,midwestern85,what a piece of garbage this is. enough said
76561198006713923,Not Recommended,310470,26090903,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,PlunderJack///HooT,This game is cancer!
76561198291136531,Recommended,310470,24636758,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,r.adams85,Aweful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198180542154,Not Recommended,310470,26618035,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ButtSniffer19,Dogshit
76561197995241764,Recommended,310470,18220646,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,mike,"earlier on i wrote a displeasing review on this game..... at first i was stoked about it, it apeared like a great game. wasnt happy playing it not as it apeared, but i had to real think this out and keep close eye on the trading which i still dnt like but i like the theme of the game so ive been able to over come the problems many of us had at first. its worth getting... i believe some updates will come and make it even better."
,Recommended,310470,20343866,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Anax of Rhodes,"I'm not sure what people were looking for when playing this game.Grand Ages: Rome was part economy, part SimCity, part simplistic combat.  Medieval is hardly recognizable in the latter two respects.  Warfare is dealt with even more simplisticly, to the point where you have little control of your units once you've produced them.  SimCity has been replaced with SimWorld: you make new settlements on a Total War-esque map.  Your economical management skills are the prime focus of this game, while many other aspects have been simplified to accommodate that.Not a bad thing.Aside from an early crash, the game's run perfectly for me.  Polished, responsive, and streamlined.  Voicework is impressive.  Soundtrack suprasses the average.  It's a very good game.  I argue it's worth having a look at if you're into this genre."
,Not Recommended,310470,18299165,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,[HsDL] Creative Pomegranade,"One of my greatest delusions, right after Duke Nukem Forever.I can easily say that this game has NOTHING, NOTHING of what it tries to do, right and fair.Depth: none. After you play for 20 hours, it's over. You played through the whole game. Sure, it's easier for veterans, like me, of commerce simulators like Patrician, to play this game, but in the end after you learn how to play and what are the most important things to do, it's over. Not even like Patrician. Patrician wanted you to pinpoint manage structures. One city crumbles, other cities crumble. One city arises, others can, with your skill. But in the end? In the end here Random events do basically nothing. They are random, sure, but they come and pass and you don't even notice them.Trading: Probably the worst part.20 resources.too few? too many?Patrician III has the same amountSureBut patrician expands on merely a quarter of this game! This game could be HUGE. If only, if only a subroutine for weapons, siege weapons, more detailed production charts... Instead, you basically set up an economy, trying to make the best of your cities, and In the end you copypaste your scheme over and over in the whole europe. Corn-fruit here, Brick-Wood here, Coal-Metal-Ironwork here, and so on, over and over and over again.Which is a pity because it could have been much more detailed, with many more things.BUTAnd there comes the WORST partIf they ever tried to do a thing like that it would have clashed with the trading system.Oh Gosh the trading systemManual Trading? Said no one ever. That's how you can summarise it.You will NEVER, EVER do manual trade. But the worst part is the AUTO TRADE systemthere is no way you can defend it. On one side, auto trade is everything you need. Connect 3-4 max 5 cities with the one  of spawn of your merchant. On the other, when you unlock the possibility to manually set the quantities and pricing of each thing, Suddenly you realise that it's WORTHLESS doing such, because you can't Autobuy in one city and manual sell in others. No. EITHER ALL ARE AUTO OR ALL ARE MANUAL.And MoreOver, there is no single digit customization. Pricing ranges only can go from 120% to 100% to 80%. And you are stuck without being able to actually doing a smarter trade because it's clunky.War system is uselessYea there are synergies between units. But GODDAMN THERE IS NO WAY 2000 TROOPS TAKE WEEKS TO KILL 100. Not realistic, not even cured. It looks like everything is based on Percentages.There are no siege weapons, either. Sieges are all a matter of how can pull the most troops around the city and keep them there. From the closest city. Regardless of the content of the city but only if the city is prospering or not.More, there is no use of having lots of troops. You will NEVER overwhelm the opponent. You will have to wait patiently that the percentages work and SLOWLY kill the enemy units. completely Nonsense.In the end this game need more work. More depth. You can't have 20 resources in a game which is 5-6 times larger than it's predecessors.I really look forward because the concepts are great, and I, regardless f what it said, really love this game."
,Recommended,310470,18225292,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,[HoodBros]gromchegrom,"This game is awesome ,trading system works well ,I recommend this game for fans of the genre9/10"
76561198028613337,Not Recommended,310470,18223894,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Kvothee453,"ok, first off this game has some buggs and issues that i will trust that will be fixxed soon, what ive run in to have been mostly graphical though i did run in to one that ended a game bucause a city was bugged and couldnt get or send goods.prosthis game has many things it does fairly wellit is a decent litle empire trade simulator that has fun little micro manegmentthe game looks greatthe game is what it says it is, a trading game with some combat in itconssome buggssome parts of the game are totally unballenced trade wisenot a lot of tools to help starting outthe trading is generally solid, many people have been complaining that its not a total war like battles or that the game is two hard and the campaine doesnt give you the ability to beat it ie. you cant get past certain points because you dont make enough money but from my playtime ive found that the campain isnt supposed to be rushed through and that you need to grow slowly actually building up an empire not just spaming hrough the levels/objectives and i tried to play like that at irst and failed terribly but it taught me a lot about gameplay and how to organize an empire in the game.all in all ill give it a 6/10 now and a 7/10 when they do bug fixesedit, ive still had issues with the game so i cant recomend"
,Not Recommended,310470,18188008,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Aleeeeex,Buy it already. Amazing game :)EDIT: No updates and boring as hell. Pure moneygrab!
,Not Recommended,310470,18191661,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Mallidon Now Sponsored By Pepsi,I originally left a good review for this game but I have to say that I have become less and less interested in it since. So much so that since the first week or two of the games release I have not played it.I'd only recommend if this game was on sale really. It just doesn't do enough differently or well to justify its price.Shame really because my original thoughts were positive.
,Not Recommended,310470,18219748,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Beta Cuck,Trash
76561198012796314,Not Recommended,310470,18250976,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,chicos23y4,dont buy it .....
,Not Recommended,310470,20640350,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,JP,Best spacebar holding simulator5/7
76561197998292162,Not Recommended,310470,35092776,Posted: 20 September,all,bjohol-5,The AI in this game is BS beyond belief.
76561197970712242,Recommended,310470,35456766,Posted: 3 October,all,ithaqua,"This sounds like one of those really complex empire management games, it eben looks like one, but it is not. It is very simple and forgiving. Trade routes do not require any sort of deep understanding, there are not that many resources and you you just make sure that somewhere along the line the right trade carts visit where they need to go. This can be done by a child. It is a very simple but slow and long game. There is a pattern to the game that once you learn all mystery is gone and that is my one big complaint. It's also not being supported anymore.It feels like an extravagant mobile game ported to the PC.These all sound like complaints. They are not.The game is actually quite relaxing and pretty. You can play it like you play solitaire, it requires very little thoght once the mechanics are understood. It's not a great game, or I suppose even a good game, but it does pass the time in a happy enough manner. I play it when I have to think about something else and need to clear my mind.Call this a 5/10, but one worth looking into for the right type of person or if you want an emprie game but dont have a mind for the minutia and micro managing. There is an option to micromanage, but my empire always does fine without it and I never liked that aspect anyway.Think of it as a slow moving RTS with trading as the way to build currency.Also it is very easy just to buy your neighbors rather than going to war.Now all of this said the game is in no way worth the $30 they are asking. I got it on sale for $7 and feel that was a fair price, there just is not that much there.(also the story reveal about who his teacher is was both uneeded and so cliche it kind of caused me physical pain.)"
,Recommended,310470,35482498,Posted: 4 October,all,orionaries,"I give this game A++ for artistic quality, playability and emersion. The music score is very beutiful and is the roving landscape. This game is a class act and I'm very happy to have it in my collection. I would recommend is to anyone looking for a relaxing and enjoyable experience."
