user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198009586772,Recommended,310510,23227643,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Moforkus,"Pros+-game is fun and if you liked van helsing and the sequels and the TD in those games..this is essetentially more of the same (but a bit more fleshed out)-graphics are nice-gameplay is solid-lots of loot, character levels etcthe Bad--as awesome as the game is, and as fun as it is...it is VERY short. the only option after you go through singleplayer is either do the same missions over again on harder difficulty, do challenge missions (in same levels but with even harder challenges that you pick) or go online and try to do someone elses maps.-18 ish hours is pretty good for a game thats only 20 bucks, but realistically since it seems like they aren't adding anymore to the game, i can't justify telling someone to pay full price for this game.-some weird bugs (changing an armor set might freeze the game up)-lots of levels to level up..yes ( i am at 23) and it appears you can get over 50 levels..however, levelling up involves playing the same levels you just did in the campaign..again and again.Summary-Do i recommend it (overall yes...BUT only when its on for half price or less). At full prices although the game is fun,  there just isn't enough here to justify paying 21 bucks."
,Recommended,310510,14703236,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,MrK,It's Orcs Must Die mixed with Diablo.  Very fun and engaging!  I'm very impressed with this game.
,Recommended,310510,12601314,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,jrizzle8769,"This game is freaking awesome! Best money every spent. If you are a fan of tower defense and MMO's, you will definitely want to get behind this game as it develops. The combination of towers, traps, monsters, and your own hero make for endless ways to play. This is by far my number one TD game, and trust me, I've played them all. I am only taking a break from the game to review the game!The graphics are great, the sounds/music are great, the UI is great, and most importantly, the gameplay is GREAT!If you did not already know, this game offers a simplistic tower defense. By simplistic, I am only referring to towers and tower placement. Enemies come from many different entrances, and it's up to you, along with the aid of your towers and traps, to stop them before they reach the gate(s). The game heats up once you have hordes of monsters entering from five different locations! The game has persistent hero level/upgrades, meaning once you level up, you keep that level forever. You can upgrade not only your hero, but every tower, trap, and monster. You can also loot items on the battlefield to enhance your hero! So many possibilities! Honestly, they are endless.Currently there are two class and quite a few campaign maps. That being said, it is in beta, and that is to be expected. Even so, with the map builder you are able to create custom maps and publish them to steam workshop. You can subscribe to any of these custom maps you like and play them in game. It also seems that you do get loot and experience from these custom maps.There will also be much more included in the future, including co-op/vs. modes. This is definitely a game you will want to get behind! Help the devs. to create what I already know, will be an EPIC game!Easily a 10/10P.S. this is the first 10/10 I've ever given!Go buy it now!"
76561198060978988,Recommended,310510,14341910,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Grim Revan,"This is just a temporary 1st impression using Marksman up to lv 16/100.So far, for me at least, this is the best TD game I have ever played. An insane amount of character and trap customization. Char customization comes from exp levels and loot whereas trap customization comes from gaining trap points from completing new stages, completing quests, passives from character skill points, and char gear.  There could be more than I know about because I am only lv 16/100 on Marksman. Multiple Marksman can be spec'd completely differently so it adds a lot to co-op even if players are the same class.  There is also trap synergizing going on. Lots of it! I will write a more detailed review once i have experienced more of the game.Bottomline.....if you like Tower Defence games then there is a lot to love here. More than I currently can comprehend."
76561198007478365,Not Recommended,310510,16100043,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Rejuvenating Milk of the Flea,"I started out really liking this game, and sunk quite a few hours into it.  But, sadly, it's not holding me.  I think a negative review is a bit harsh, I'd rather give neutral - with the emphasis being that it's a great concept, and is exciting to start with as you see the potential - but after a while you realise the things that usually draw you to a TD/RPG style game are done very plainly.Pain points:- Towers can only be built on specific locations in each map - and of those set locations, only certain types of towers can be built there.  This is part of the strategic element - but it feels very constrictive.  The best tower defense games allow creativity, being able to mix/match towers and put them anywhere along the route - this game doesn't allow for that.   Want to place an ice trap that makes creeps susceptible to ice damage, and put a frost tower nearby to exploit that vulnerability?  Well, only if the level designer lets you by having put the ""right"" tiles for you to build those types of traps/tower in that area.  Given that the traps/towers inherently complement each other, restricting the use of these combos is really annoying.- No mazing, no ability to divert waves whatsoever.  This is part of the game design and intentional, but something I don't really like, as you don't get to maximize damage tactically by funneling creeps through your carefully built deathtrap.  Creeps will stick to their set paths always, so the only strategy open to you is to build different traps on each route, and again only where the level designer allows you to do so.- Item drops - this game is mimicking a Diablo-esque / Van Helsing style, yet there are no item drops from creeps.  Only at the end of each level a chest drops, with a handful of (generally rubbish) items.  The items in the game are largely indistinguishable in their variety; there is no excitement in item drops, everything is some slight variation in resistance or damage type to the last 50 drops that you sold at the shop or melted for crafting materials.  The shop sells equally dull items; nothing ever appears 'awesome' or 'too expensive but I'd love to save up and get that'.  There is no ""wow"" factor in any item I've seen.  Money is not an issue, before long you have more than you'll ever need or use, yet there's rarely anything good or different to buy.There are other small annoyances, but these are the main ones.  Again I emphasize I did get quite some enjoyment out of it, it's not a bad game, but just disappointing that the core elements of creative TD and RPG the game really skimps on.  If they improve the loot drops and flexibility in tower setup, it would be heaps better."
,Recommended,310510,22615972,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Justin J (PuNk),"it's like diablo meets orcs must die. two very amazing games and apparently they go well together.this is a tower defence rpg game, where you point and click to move to the location desired and attack enemies, like diablo. you kill enemies and gain experience, you level up and assign stat and skill points. when killing enemies you gain essence, this is needed to build more traps, and to upgrade them. at the end of each round you recieve a chest, or sometime more if you find the chests in the maps, which contain items such as weapons, armor, and more.this is a great game, very fun, very addicting. i can definitely see myself indulging in this for many more hours to come.PROS:graphics are goodsome thinking is required, a little strategy is in orderlots of traps to use, and even more upgrades for those trapsnice sets of skills/powers to use which can also be upgradedlots of different enemies to battleactually has boss fights on each map (so far)challengingco-opdifferent character classes to play as, each one having different skill sets and powersgames runs perfectly smooth, not even a stutterno bugs or glitches that i have seen (keep in mind i have not yet beaten the game)CONS:not a big deal but caping at 60fps makes you run at 56fps. game still runs smooth though."
76561198073322414,Not Recommended,310510,29918746,Posted: 14 February,all,kai.gillespie,"This game is very entertaining for those who are fans of Diablo-style games and/or tower defense games. HOWEVER, there is a glaring hole is the game's design. That hole is the unimaginative time-extender of grinding. If you are not a high enough level, do not have the gold required to switch your tower buffs before starting or lucky enough to get the runic tower buffs you need to beat a level, then you will have to grind a lower level, even if you have beat it on maximum difficulty, just to have an opportunity to beat the next level. I played this game to the penultimate level of campaign on tier 4 before running into this wall yet again and being unwilling to grind anymore. If it weren't for the grinding, I would give this game a 7.5/10, but with the in-built grinding, I give this game a 4/10. Do not waste your time. If you haven't played Sanctum 2, I would recommend that instead."
76561197978923182,Not Recommended,310510,16949720,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,:Marv:,"I watched this game since its Early Access Launc on steam. I waited quite some time before it got the Full release. I expected a Tower Defence game, like Dungeon Defenders before it was turned into an MMO grindfest. I was Dissapointed to see that its basicly a Diablo-like game with Towerdefense Elements.You cant build a wall of Towers and watch them do their Work, Game was made for using both. You and your Towers. Basicly you Support each other. Well, allright. Not totaly my type of Game but it has Coop though! So i grabbed 2 Friends and went for it.  We completed the first Tier of levels in about 4 Hours. That isnt much, especially for 20€. After you Finished the game the First time, you can replay each level on different terms. But for me that only felt like unneccassry Grind. If you´re in for that kind of stuff, then Have Fun.The game was well Made, no minor Bugs and alot of stuff to Tryout. I was entertained for quite a while but still regret that I bought it for Full Price. Grab it on a Sale if you Like Diable,Torchlight and games like that. If you prefer Tower Defense Games then look for something Else.Im Not sure if I would recommend it, like I said, people who like those Topdown adventure games, go for it.Thanks for Reading."
,Recommended,310510,25484497,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,DYP,"Just tried this game after purchased 6 month ago(ya know, steam sales).If you like Tower Defense + Grim Dawn + Titan Quest + Diablo + Torchlight + Van Hellsing, you will like this game."
,Not Recommended,310510,32539540,Posted: 18 June,all,lanrutcon,"Incredibly restrictive hero defense game.They give you a ton of points to distribute...but cap what you can buy by character level.They give you a ton of tower types to place...but only a few spots to place them, and they pick what types you can place beforehand.They give you the ability to equip your character...but enemies don't drop loot and you only get a few pieces given to you per level.Way too many limitations to be fun."
,Recommended,310510,31313729,Posted: 23 April,all,Redrusty66,"An insane amount of character and trap customization. Char customization comes from exp levels and loot whereas trap customization comes from gaining trap points from completing new stages, completing quests, passives from character skill points, and char gear. Deathtrap is a tower defence game where you also control your hero Diablo-style, except there are tons of deadly traps you’ll use also use.Once you choose your hero you’ll be fighting through the 13 included campaign maps, but because the campaign has so few areas, you’ll start to become accustomed and familiar with them quite quickly. You’ll be replaying them repeatedly for the experience points, loot, and challenge since they can be played on different difficulty levels. Choose from one of three classes; Sorceress, Mercenary, or Marksman. Each have their own sets of abilities and their play styles are vastly different, so you can find a class that suits the way you like to play and branch from there with their unique skill trees and abilities complete with a level cap of 100 and more than 50 skills."
,Recommended,310510,21724584,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,[ZHRINK],"[This review is post december 2015 Patch, because I started playing early 2016]First of all, I read some reviews and posts on the comunity hub, so obviously I will say something about the Crash/glitch posts and that is....I've been playing this game for more than 40 hours now, most of the time with my mate in duo-coop mode and neither me nor my friend experienced any glitches or crashes. Not a single one. We just play the game.About the game-play:I played some amount of tower-defense games, my favourites are probably sanctum 2 and orcs must die 2, so this is where I come from.Deathrap is intense. It doesn't give you much help in regards of finding out what works best. But you can play around a lot. You can improve/boost/skill you traps, skill your character in plenty of different ways to acustom your play-style. Also there's items that drop after each map. So there is another pool of customisations in regards of stats. There's just so many options. I love it. The rest is standard tower-defense stuff. Enemies spawn from point A/B/C/D and run towards what ever your nexus is called. You cant block or create paths like in some other tower defense games. so you just place floor and tower defenses along the path. Decent Standard Tower-Defense stuff, y'know.Graphics: It looks decent. Not too fancy, nor crappy and it clearly has some ""diablo-chic"" going on. Which I like. Not everything has to be cell-shading(sanctum)/comic-style looking (orcs must die).Performance whise: I run this game on gtx 970 and intel i7 and plenty of ram. So it works. There is the little performance drop you get in nearly every indie game when you reach a certain amount of action on the screen. ( I am talking survival mode 3-hour long session with every tower doing magic stuff and tons of mobs), but it is faaaaaaaar from unplayable, not nearly as laggy as risk of rain sadly tended to get (I love you risk of rain, I will always do).So yeah, thats my review. I hope it's not a complete & utter mess to read. Have fun and a nice day.... bye !tl;dr: If you like tower-defense games, skilling, customisations and a little bit of grinding this should be your game. I am having plenty of fun and look forward to future updates."
76561197974704946,Not Recommended,310510,23798788,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Heaventune,"Great game, but they need to fix the online matching issue. I cannot play with my friends at all. I will come back and change my review when the problem has been resolved."
76561198006574126,Recommended,310510,22207767,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Rubsy Bubsy,"Deathtrap is one of those games that is good but not quite great.  While being a decent game in its own right you can't help but think that what it really constitutes is the potential foundation for something better and more polished. Maybe a sequel that improves on the formula in the event that this debut entry is supported enough to warrant one.Just to get it out of the way I'll say straight up that I haven't experienced any technical issues with regards to the game not running, crashing, etc. I know that in the past others had complained about what sounded like really specific issues resulting in the game not running properly on their system. That hasn't been the case with me and at this point I've only encountered one very minor bug (twice).Characters in Deathtrap control nicely, and by ""nicely"" I mean ""exactly how you'd expected them to given that they represent the action rpg component of the game as advertised"". Character specs are meaningful and interesting but not entirely pivotal which is probably as it should be.The game's traps are pretty cool for the most part. Some are classics (spike floors, lava tiles, lightning towers, etc.) whereas others are a little more offbeat and serve to keep the tower defense aspect of the game fairly fresh. Traps have upgrades that must be spec'd into to utilize in combat and I think this is where Deathtrap really shines. The traps work like you'd expect them to and are devastatingly effective. Even while defending multiple chokepoints solo you won't feel like your arm is being twisted by artificial difficulty in an attempt to force you into multiplayer. The game gets harder, yes, but only as it ramps up naturally while your character and traps simultaneously gain strength. This alone makes Deathtrap worthy of attention in a development culture rife with micro-transactions fueled by nearly enforced group play. I paid a reasonable one time cover charge for the game and I'm having fun playing it. What more could an avid gamer ask for?In the end I'm glad I supported this game and I hope others do too. I'll be looking forward to seeing where they go with it in the future."
,Recommended,310510,17017009,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Minoru Leonardo,"Personal rating: 7/10Deathtrap: mixing ARPGs with Tower DefensesWhat happens when you decide to mix an isometric (or top-down) RPG with Tower Defense? Deathtrap happened.From the same creators of The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing, Neocore Games, brings you an incredible (no pun intended) Tower Defense game that mixes some of the best aspects of both genres into one great experience.The game follows the same basic rule of Tower Defenses: protect the core element (the Gate) from the enemies (the Swarm). How you'll do it is completely and uniquely up to you.Opinion from someone who was never a fan of top-down (isometric) RPGsIt may or may not be relevant, but I've never been a huge fan of top-down RPGs. I've played ones like Diablo, Torchlight, Sacred 2, Titan Quest and even Adventures of Van Helsing, but none did capture my attention at all. So I decided to pick this game by the recommendation of a friend, and even then with doubtful thoughts.My doubts were lifted after a couple of hours on single player and a bunch of co-op games. Deathtrap managed to catch my attention and focus and I stopped playing everything else I had to play it and test everything I could.Three characters, three playstylesDeathtrap offers you three characters to play as: Mercenary, Marksman and Sorceress. Each of them plays considerably differently, and each one has their own skill tress (all characters may have one or two skills that the other has).Mercenary is the one I recommend the most to play first. He's bulky, tough as nails and the easiest to learn the game since you don't have to worry too much about dying. You can use him to act as a wall to your traps and he only gets sturdier as you progress. Depending on your skill decision he can become a nigh unkillable juggernaut which can tank even the mightiest enemies.Sorceress requires a lot more carefulness and attention. While she can dish some devastating spells and her skill tree is focused on offense, she is REALLY squishy and the bigger enemies can put her to sleep in two to four hits. She carries a wide array of spells either to move around or to attack at distance, a powerful easy to learn, but hard to master character.Marksman is the most difficult character to learn and handle. He requires a while to cloak and regenerate his ""mana"" (which is called Focus) and that alone can be a hassle since if you attack or get too close to enemies your cloaking go away and so does your mana regeneration. Most of his abilities are very powerful, but he does focus more on trap rather than front line combats.Aspects from RPGsDeathtrap has things that most RPGs have: looting, leveling up and more looting. Something that is REALLY good about this game is that you will only get equipments for your current class when you finish a map, and even if you do get an accessory (which is universal) you can safely guard it in your Stash which is shared by all your characters.How long is it?Deathtrap is fairly short having only 13 levels in total in its main game, but each level has ""Tiers"" with each making the game progressively harder. And Deathtrap is unique among most games as it doesn't follow that sad, lazy idea of only increasing enemies and their health and damage. It changes the layout of trap settings and even add some other gimmicks to you.Ever heard of a Tower Defense with side quests? Deathtrap has those which normally are challenges like ""don't use a certain type of trap/tower"" to ""kill something that is away from the map"".After reaching Level 20 you'll gain access to Endless modes and Scenarios which allows you to customize the difficulty of the level you'll be playing. You can make the game fiendishly difficult by cutting your income, making enemies sturdier and even give them a chance to resurrect themselves. Such challenge is NOT to be taken by lightly armored players. Trust me on this one.Grinding for levelsDeathtrap rewards your victories with experience points, but prevents players from grinding on the same map by cutting the exp to zero if the player is considered too strong for it. The only ways to earn experience if you want to level up more are via Endless or Scenarios, but even those are only unlocked after Level 20, probably when you are close to finish the game once.Worry not, the first tier of maps are made for players and can be beaten even if you are rather under equipped.Level up! Do I need Strength, Stamina or Speed?Actually you don't have to worry about it.You've read it right, Deathtrap doesn't clog your mind with attribute points, you'll have enough to worry about with your equipment, skills and trap upgrades, which are far more than enough to create characters from the same class but with different styles.Towers and traps. What about them?You have your fair share of tools to kill enemies: ground traps, towers that act as turrets, and even summon pits to bring creatures to your aid. All traps are divided by classes like Mechanical and Mystic for traps and towers and the unique Summoning for... Well, summons.You'll earn traps as you beat the maps in the game, but that's not enough. You also need to earn your trap by completing a challenge like poisoning enemies, igniting them, pushing them or killing enemies on your own. Nothing is impossible as traps themselves gives you the tools to unlock other ones, but of course if your character is focused on a certain element it'll be much easier and faster to unlock another certain trap.As it is with any good Tower Defense, there are tower which are better against small enemies (Horde) and deal extra damage to them, but if the enemy is resistant to it (Giants) it'll deal less damage. You must properly balance your traps unless you want to find yourself in a pinch.Still on traps and towersSomething some people will like and others will hate is the fact all places where you can set traps and towers are already set by the game. You can only build your Traps/Towers in pre-defined places reserved for Mystic, Mechanical and Summon classes (and Special towers not available for the players).For me this was a miss. I really don't like this since it kills a ton of strategies and limits the player, sometimes forcing them to invest heavily in another tower.Workshop and player created mapsDeathtrap features a very easy to use map editor and you can easily create them and share them via Steam Workshop.Bear in mind that these maps WILL NOT REWARD EXPERIENCE. A smart decision by Neocore Games as the Workshop was filled with boring farming maps. You are still able to use them to unlock traps, however.Complaints because this game is not perfectDeathtrap has a fair share of problems like any game does.Some equipment like Rings are currently bugged and has a very noticeable writing glitch that makes the game look like it's still in Early Access.Tier 2 onward may or may not force players to grind for better skills, equipment and trap upgrade points are limited by how many stars you've earned on each level with severely limits your choices on trap upgrades, specially when you get past a certain level.The voice acting, while nice, it's a bit cheesy and not the best you'll hear around. Some people will like it, others will despise it.Final thoughtsDeathtrap is an amazing game. It gives you the satisfaction of crushing enemies alongside your defenses like a good Tower Defense game does and the pleasure of getting progressively stronger like a good RPG does. It's a mixture well crafted by Neocore Games and worth a shot for people that are fans of either genre."
76561198019108993,Not Recommended,310510,14524544,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,DeadInkPen,"Deathtrap is a ARPG Tower Defense Hybrid. It is quite lackluster in both of those fronts.  The game while initially fun really loses it quite quickly drowning in a sea of its own mediocrity. Don't get me wrong it has a lot of promise to become a lot better with how the dev's are talking. Right now I cannot recommend this game as it is right now, I will check back later on and re-evaluate my opion.Pros:-Really good leaderboard intrigation with Co-op seeming to be seperate from single player on that.-Variety and the ability to have some customization on difficutly on maps via the scenarios-Three base classes with more supposedly on the way-Devs have been really good about getting on top of the bugs that have come upCons:-Theme Maps later on really kill the game requiring you to constantly respec skill and trap points to be effective at it.-Mercenary starts strong then becomes a joke in tier 3+ play-Sorceress is extremely one dimensional on its gameplay (Just Max Lightning out and its two passives for easy time).-Marksman is Joke-This game has a fondess for enemies being highly resistant to physical damage (seriously only play the sorceress).-Really bad optimization for the graphics. You can get some really bad lag even with SLIed 780's.-There are also a lot of bugs (but they seem to be trying to stay on top of them as soon as they hear about them so that is good)"
,Recommended,310510,14763519,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Srgt. Slaughter,"Deathtrap combines RPG element with Tower Defense. I allready liked that in the old WC3 days and now with the Van Helsing factor it´s more amazing than ever.You basacally have 3 things to do:Build towerLoot chestsKill Wavesand all of this at the same time which is really challenging.But don´t get me wrong this isn´t a bad thing, it makes the game even more intrestingSo If you like TD´s and aren´t afraid to do a little more than watching your towers do all the work, consider to buy it!"
,Recommended,310510,14511314,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Miporin,"""One of the best co-op hybrid TD games""If you have ever played Van Helsing series from the same dev, and loved them. You will also love this one.--- below is the generic detailed review, but not in-depth. I tried to be spoiler free as much as I can, short version is available in overall topic ----edit1: fix some typing errors::: Visual :::The graphic is nice in its own genre, nothing special. There are some nice details here and there, but you won't notice them anyway when the waves come. The FX is visually served its purpose for the genre, though, it would be better to see some visual variation of the same enemy. (different headgears, weapons, horns, sizes, etc.)::: Sound :::The repeated audio can be annoying at times (which is expected from this genre). however, there are several things that is missing, which I think should be included in the patches, one of them is pinging notice (Attention, Help, Back). You can see it in the minimap, but when things get messy, you won't be seeing it anymore, so the sound is need. (maybe the sound is there, but i tried them, but heard none, just ping in minimap)::: Gameplay :::There are 13 official maps, each map has 4 variation (depending on number of players), 4 tiers for each map. Map designs are very good imo, you cannot just use the same setup on every map, and each can be done in several different styles. There are also some challenges maps available after complete normal maps too. Finish all maps, and all tiers ? you can continue with custom maps from others or make one (or more) yourselfs.Apart from the normal difficulty, you can customized one yourself when you reach certain level, there is also an endless mode for your hardcoreness. I haven't try the custom diff and endless, still in the middle of tier 2 with these hours in.***The current downside is that players abused the custom maps to farm xp, and unlocks. you will see very high level players that can't even combo their traps and skills properly, then ruin your game***Each map can be different depending on number of players, more lanes, more cores, chaotic ai paths, different enemies in waves, more enemies. They are really nice, but just one thing ..., the wave is patterned wave, not a dynamic wave in normal mode (random enemies orders). It is not really disappointed, but it would be a blast if it is a dynamic wave.There are 3 classes (currently), which are melee, range, and magic class. each classes has several active and passive skill, which encourage different playstyle. Skill trees design to progress nicely with your playthrough (from tier 1-4). It doesn't really encourage the abused xp farming at all, but a lot of players still doing it. There are some balancing issue, but nothing major.Items and Equipments can be purchased from store (random), or crafted in lobby. They can also be earned as rewards from completing maps and some optional objectives. They are what you can expect from general action-rpg game, so nothing special. Bonuses from equipment is what you expected, but with the right setup, it is more than enough.In order to build traps, you need bases for them, each base is trap-type specific. (you cannot just build anything on any bases) there are some special traps (map specific traps) in some maps which can be used for your advantage (or not). You need essences to build them, which can be earned from killing hordes, and completing waves. in co-op games, the essence will be divided according to number of players, so you share your earning, but your spending is yourself.Each trap has 2 passive skills and 3 upgradable skills (3 level each). They can be ranked up with Research Points, which can be earned from complete maps, optional quests. They are not infinite, but I can say that there are enough for you to progress to each tier maps.Skills and upgrades can be reset at anytime during your journey through tiers 1-4 in lobby with some costs. This allow you to change your playstyle back and forth freely, however, this can be minimized with co-op plays.::: Overall :::If you are looking for a good TD game, this is your game. Apart from traps, heroes also play the huge part in the game. You can customized your loadout (traps' upgrades, and heroes' skills and equipments). You can be a dedicated trapper, a meat wall, or balanced between the two, depending on your loadouts. CO-OP play is fairly balanced, as the difficulty scales with the players in-game.It requires some balancing here and there, but nothing major to prevent you from enjoying a good TD.Final word, please DO NOT CHEAT (or whatever you called) in CO-OP games, do it alone if you want to."
,Recommended,310510,16106140,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Qix,"Deathtrap is a tower defence subgame from Van Helsing turned into a full game. I was looking for another TD game after Defense Grid 2 and it seemed ideal.At first I was disappointed. The imprecision of the point-and-click controls will be frustrating for anyone who is more concerned with strategy than repetitive button pressing. I've never been a fan of games like Diablo or DOTA, and that's what Deathtrap feels like to me. Putting that aside, I have started to enjoy the mash-up of RPG and tower defence game styles.The character you create really does affect the gameplay, because you choose the equipment, the skills and the traps they can set. Given the variety of gameplay styles, difficulty levels, multiplayer, and community maps, It adds up to a good game with endless replay appeal. The icing on the cake is the sountrack and the artwork, which are first rate."
,Recommended,310510,14056088,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Celador,"If you ever played Ors Must Die you are going to enjoy this game. Its a mix of tower defence and fantasy action/rpg game, where you can build towers and upgrade your character with skills and items to defeat waves of foes. Despite the fact that it is still in alpha - most of the core features appear to be already in the game.The levels look amazing and the amount of details is impressive as well. Each of them can be replayed numerous times on different difficulties and with different monsters as well as side quests like killing a special monster in the woods and opening a chest for an extra reward. There are also optional challenges on higher difficulties like only using specific towers or skills.The monsters appear to be taken from a mix of gaelic/celtic and slavic mythos as well as their previous game King Arthur which seems to have inspired an overall look and feel of this game.The items can be obtained from boss level monsters, chests, store (uses in game currency, the are no micro transactions here) or they can be crafted by using gems obtained from salvaging items or drops. Its pretty much the same as Diablo or Van Helsing in this regard, except there are less slots for your items.Skills and traps can be upgraded and there are quite a few of them so you will have to prioritise and select upgrades that fit your play-style.Overall i was impressed with this game and wanted to play it more but i do have some concerns. Neocore is infamously bad with engine optimizations and all of their games have suffered from low FPS and stuttering even on good rigs, ridiculous amounts of bugs, typos and other issues. This game appears to have quite a few issues as well: there are noticeable slowdowns when a lot of monsters appear at the same on the screen, the sound keeps crackling for no apparent reason, there are typos even in the options menu, there is quite a lot of stuttering when you use your skills on a lot of foes simultaneously and then there are CTD's one if which managed to crash my PC for the first time in 9 or so month's... which is kinda scary. Otherwise i am running it at highest settings and changing them does not appear to have any effect on performance.I will give this game a positive review for now simply because it appears to be in a better state than most of the other early access games and it is in fact fun to play. However i might just change my mind a few month's from now if i don't see any improvement in performance. Hopefully it wont be another King Arthur 2 disaster.P.S.There's also a co-op mode which i am reluctant to try in case it will blow up my PC."
,Recommended,310510,14325052,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Breizh Atao,"Tower Defense/RPG in the dark and beautiful universe of ""The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing"".A must have."
76561197972626310,Recommended,310510,22554386,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,emikochan,"One of the best tower defence games I've ever played, there's just so many traps and ways to level them up, and on top of that a pretty comprehensive action RPG character system to back up your towers.It's more intense than I'm used to in this genre so I can't play a lot at once, but when I do play it's a treat. The production values are really high (the aesthetic rocks too) and the enemy types are as varied as the towers you use to kill them.I recommend this game to any tower defence fan that doesn't mind a bit more of a high energy playstyle (though you can put all your points into traps if you want to rely on them)--ps. It crashed when certain sounds played, but I fixed it by disabling some random Windows 10 touchscreen service that was interfering with the game. Hopefully the bugs will be patched for everyone soon so they don't have to worry - the game itself is an absolute pleasure to play."
,Recommended,310510,15198946,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Hourglass,"When I first heard about this game and that it is based off Van Helsing quest (been there, done that), I was rather sceptical. I thought it was just another ""we wanted to make some money"" kind of game, a sad attempt to squeeze more from a known title. Then I've watched the trailers and read the reviews, and it started to look like the game was worth a try.I started with the Mercenary, and at first glance the game seemed rather slow-paced and easy. And the major difference compared to other TD games like ""Defence Grid"" and countless Flash versions was very... no, VERY limited number of spots for traps. Furthermore, every spot was restricted to certain types of traps (mechanical tower/floor, magic tower/floor, summoning). So the usual tactic of zones of death was obviously impossible. It seemed that the character was the central figure, and the traps were just a supportive feature.However, as I've reached higher tiers of maps, it became clear that I was mistaken. More difficult maps had more trap spots, allowing trap combos. And the game itself became harder and more pressing. Sometimes I had to teleport over the map and/or spam skills like crazy to get the perfect score. And sometimes I had to do so to complete the map at all. Maps became way more demanding on trap type and hero skill selection, some of the late Tier 4 maps were absolutely unbeatable without redistribution of skill and trap points.So, in the end, the game is a solid, worthy and highly enjoyable as a combination of RPG and tower defence genres. Good variety of traps and their upgrades combined with trap-specific and other hero skills leave space for different playstyles, and the maps are different enough to prevent relying on same 2-3 trap types throughout the game. Although some traps do seem somewhat weak compared to other that do similar stuff.The game is not perfect, though. It has occasional bugs, which might appear after updates and sometimes are rather serious, affecting damage output of hero/traps or simply freezing/crashing the game (haven't frozen or crashed myself, but saw threads in the tech support discussions). And they don't get fixed as soon as one would wish. Nevertheless, I still recommend this game to anyone who is into tower defences, skill/item builds and mobicides."
76561198108269527,Recommended,310510,15813443,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,quantum_jak,"So far I have tried four different tower defense games: Sanctum 2, Orcs Must Die 2, Defense Grid: The Awakening, and Deathtrap.Deathtrap is most similar to Orcs Must Die in terms of gameplay. Aesthetically it is darker, with a grimmer, far less comedic tone. Being set in the Van Helsing (game, not movie) universe, if you played either of Neocore's excellent Van Helsing Arpg's, the monsters will be familiar to you. There are three character types you can play, representing the classic three Arpg archetypes, Melee, archery, and magic.The game basically plays as a perfect arpg/tower defense hybrid. Characters have skills and there is loot, crafting, and enhancing runes that give your character different bonuses like damage boosts or reduced traps costs, In addition to defending the gates, there are sometimes sidequests during areas that require you to balance going off-map (in tower defense terms) to hunt for an extra objective while also maintaining and upgrading your defenses.I have only played for 4.1 hours so far, but I find this to be a lot of fun. Definitely my favorite tower defnese game so far, though my experience with the genre is limited."
76561197978381846,Recommended,310510,22822201,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Cageymaru,"Great game to play by yourself or with a team of friends.  It makes you think and react at the same time.  The setup time is extended into the game as the enemies will come in trickles that grow in ferocity.  Just when you think you have it all under control a boss appears and all is lost.  Or you've learned from your past mistakes and you just barely get past him by the skin of your teeth.This build up, tension, reward system is played out over and over.  As you play you will collect better and better gear to complete the next challenge.  Each class has multiple skills to try so you never feel boxed into a certain way to complete a challenge.  Also your moves mesh well with your friends to make the game even better in multiplayer.In short this is one of the best games on Steam.   It would be a travesty to not own it."
,Recommended,310510,32077321,Posted: 30 May,all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,Just for fun Torchlight got Diablo REALLY drunk and set him up with the chick from Sanctum at the last company x-mas party....... this is the result.
,Recommended,310510,24944630,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Justin_Brett,"Here's a game by Neocore, the creators of the Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing series. If you haven't played those, they're pretty decent hack and slash games in the vein of Diablo - and also the reason why Deathtrap exists. In the first game of the trilogy there were a few sidequests based around a tower defense minigame, where you used Van Helsing, his ghost companion Lady Katarina, and an outpost's arsenal of traps to defend your lair. They were a neat diversion, and proved popular enough to get expanded on in the sequels, and get its own spinoff title.Deathtrap takes place in the same universe as Van Helsing, across a series of fortresses found in the Ink, a general otherwordly dimension you often visit for one reason or another. They were built to defend the human realm from the monsters found within, and you play as an adventurer who for whatever has decided to take up that task now. These are one of three classes: the close-quarters, tanky Mercenary, the fragile, spell-hurling Sorceress, or the ranged, hit-and-runner Marksman. All have their own skill trees, some of which are your standard ARPG stuff of passive bonuses and attacks, while others boost your traps. They also have their own dedicated upgrades, which are either unlockable boosts for them in the levels or passive stuff which is less potent but always active.The levels play out largely the same as they do in Van Helsing, save for your character probably not having the array of skills he can. You're still able to contribute, but the towers will be the brunt of your offense. Most of them are lifted from their parent game, and include guns, spikes, burning floor tiles and even pits of monsters who fight for you. A lot of them enemies are also most of what you fight in Van Helsing, and have the same qualities such as resistances, auras that buff other enemies, and going berserk at low health.This all makes sense given that you're in the same universe as the games that came before, but it still makes Deathtrap come across as a bit of a hand-me-down title. An expensive one, too, as it retails for twenty dollars when not discounted, five more than the Van Helsing games. Not that those games are bad or that this one is; I had fun playing them and so far Deathtrap is some decent fun. But it doesn't exactly stand on its own, and so far I haven't done much I didn't do in Final Cut. If there was anything you didn't like about the combat in that, such as the combat lacking a bit of punch, that would still apply here I think. Progression also seems to be about the same as in its big brother, which seems like a bit of a problem since you're only given new equipment, gold to buy it, or materials to craft things at the end of every level. You can get extra chests in some levels by killing optional enemies during waves, but it's not a huge boost.Deathtrap also seems like it's a bit of a short game, with only thirteen levels, four of which I've finished in about two hours. There are higher difficulties for them the game encourages you to build your character up for, but it's overall not a grand adventure like Van Helsing was. It's probably a bit unfortunate they linked the two games together in so many ways, because this isn't a bad title at all, if you wanted more in that vein but wanted to take a break from Final Cut or whichever game you were on it'd be fine for that. But if you didn't like them, or don't much care for hack and slashes in general, this might not be the one to change your mind. Either way, I'd get it on sale."
76561198009007200,Recommended,310510,12603415,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,The13thlemon,"Edited 08/02/15-The game is now released and after storming through some full release gameplay I'm updating my review.This devs have delivered, this game has really impressed me during it's development and the finished product is outstanding.Game runs beautifully, and looks really nice.There is a huge range of traps available, and three hero classes.Has a nice RPG style levelling system and equipment for your hero.There is a forge items menu and ingame currency shop for equipment.Traps/towers can be upgraded through the use of 'gears' that you get for completing campaign levels.The map editor is a great tool, very easy to use and tons of customisation including enemy unit customisation.Each campaign map has multiple difficulty tiers and challenge scenarios.If you like defense type games where you make the difference with a hero I couldn't recommend this any higher. Usually I recommend games with conditions, like sale etc. This game just buy it, it really is superbly done.I would put this is my top 10 games of all time and probably my favourite defense game.See you in the ruins, either as friends or foes.Now back to it!------------------Below here is my original early access reviewFirstly this game does not deserve the title early access. The content that is here is absolutely outstanding, this is exactly how an 'early access' game should play. It feels more like a BETA ready for release.Graphics- One of the most beautiful TD's I've played, and I do love TD'sGameplay-Hugely fun combination of traps/towers and your hero lead to a blast of a time.Map editor- Already a powerful tool allowing customisation of maps, approaching enemies(currently in different group types), pathing, enemy spawns, defense locations and exits. Full workshop integration. Very easy to edit and upload maps.Hero- One class released currently. The sorceress. The levelling system is very nice gaining XP for finishing maps(including custom maps),  with the ability to improve passive and active abilities. Full inventory system with weapons/armour/trinkets that you keep. A ingame shop feature to spend your gold. The hero is an important part of your defense, you never feel like you just sit back and watch the traps do all the work.Defenses- Already a massive selection of defenses released. As you complete levels you unlock upgrade points to improve defense levels and add special abilities. Defenses can be placed in type specific locations across the map.Currently there are 3 'campaign' levels and all the custom maps you want to create or subscribe to.Summary- The game runs smooth, no glitches, no bugs and no crashes on my windows 7 system. The content that is currently available is very polished and well developed. The devs are active on the forum and have already layed out their update schedule for the rest of the year.As the game currently stands I would highly recommend it. It plays better than most completed games and if it continues this way it will be THE TD/RPG hybrid to compare all others to.Will update below as the game updates.Any questions regarding the game please ask below or PM me."
,Recommended,310510,31456131,Posted: 29 April,all,Drew Austin,"Diablo meets tower defense. A great combining of two genres. The game is well balanced and well conceived. Some issues with the UI, and getting resolution adjusted and text size adjusted so text can actually be read. Also is VERY system resource intensive. Even at the lowest graphic settings, the games will take all the resources even a power house of a computer can give it and still ask for more."
76561197994086084,Recommended,310510,14638332,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Goukiband,"It's tempting to write ""Deathtrap is Diablo with tower defence mechanics, only less mobile phone than that sounds"", stick a score at the end, then walk away. There's not a whole lot more description you need for Deathtrap, but it is deeper than the description might implyThere's very little story to speak of. Demons are seeping in to our world, and you must stop them before they reach our portal. There is lore, but the way it's presented makes it feel like nothing more than flavour. It does work hard to set the tone though, the designs look the part, the levels suitably ancient and dank.The gameplay is the important part of Deathtrap. You control a warrior in the world, with Diablo style hotkeys and cool downs, and can drop traps on set locations. You can level your character up, buy, find, and craft armour and weapons. There's stat boosts, equipment that can increase your perks etc. It's very action rpg. Enemies spawn from gates, with each new wave usually adding a new gate to occupy your thoughts.Enemies follow a set route, which can change between rounds, making placement of traps important. At the start of each round you have a set number of ‘essence’ to spend on traps, with set locations where you can place them. As you level up traps will start to cost you less and you’ll be rewarded with more essence, depending on which perks you pick. Over the course of each wave you’ll earn more essence to spend on the next wave, or, if you’re struggling, mid-fight, although this can leave you in trouble for the next onslaught.As you might be able to tell, Deathtrap is a pretty simple game that’s a bit of a nightmare to explain when you get to the minutiae. It’s tempting to say that there’s not a lot more to it, and certainly I didn’t delve in as much as I could have, but what makes the game fun is the small stuff. Your use of powers in battle is hugely important, it obviously depends which character and which skills you pick, but playing as the fighter one of my skills was to boost the power of a trap for a period of time. My tactic became to wait for a horde of enemies to head towards a ground trap, power that trap up, then position myself in the way, aggroing them, keeping them there so they were taking extra damage from the trap. I then began to couple that with other spells, the one that gave me extra essence for killing enemies, and a continuous AOE attack that increased the damage enemies were taking. This 30 second blast of attacks was designed to help me out with the next wave, letting me buy and improve my traps.Where Deathtrap falls down a little is in its depth. There’s actually a lot there, with around 15 levels, all with multiple scenarios, and a level cap of, I think, 100 (I was getting up to about 20 when I finished the game). You only get points to spend on upgrading your traps on the first time beating a level/difficulty/scenario, which is understandable but it causes a couple of problems. You can redistribute your skills for the price of some gold, which you'll have an awful lot of, with very little to spend it on (similarly I never got to the point where the crafting was useful), and you can scrap and rebuild traps during levels. However, I still ended up playing levels where I'd built everything I possibly could, with a wave or so left to play. Something to do with that extra essence would be nice.There's skills in the game where spending a point on them will incrementally improve something, a nice idea, but given how limited upgrade points are even at the point where I’d finished the game, dropping 10 points to get a 3% chance of some bonus just never seemed like a worthwhile spec. If you're going to play through everything in the game then sure, but there were a few occasions in the game where I found myself falling back on the same tactics, the same skills and the same perks.For £15 there's a ridiculous amount of content in Deathtrap. You may well use the same tactics on each map, not delving in to the minutiae of respecing, never playing the alternative scenarios, and you’ll still comfortably get your money’s worth. Deathtrap is a game that’s done no favours by a written description. Because of the price it’s hard to be too critical that it’s lacking the gloss of a proper story and a more involved campaign, but it still manages to be compulsive enough that I was squeezing games in before work, rushing things to make time between commitments, Deathtrap is a good game, and one hopefully that gets built on"
76561197965076230,Recommended,310510,14458152,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Trick13,"A mix of Diablo/Van Helsing ARPG gameplay with traditional Tower Defense.  Sooooo much replayability, plus online co-op and vs. modes.  Talent and Tech trees are making it feel like I can really play it MY way."
76561197970915364,Recommended,310510,17300566,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Slightly Mad,"In essence a well behaved, interesting tower defense game with diablo-esk features. Three character with skill to improve and traps to enhance. While the first run through the campaign (actually a linear seemingly unrelated walk through levels) isn't really hard to do, the subsequent runs make things a bit more interesting strategy wise. With many twists, the same levels didn't feel stale or repeative, trying to go for perfect was mostly done by a bit of grinding getting through unlimited waves versions of the different fields.It isn't world shattering but it has a charm, a 'I want to get that last bit done too' feeling. I tried out a lot of traps but as with most games it boiled down to getting the right combinations and increasing damage as much as possible. Each character has a 'favourite' type of damage but you can make good combos without looking at the preferred damage ones.I have tried to multiplay but it was a bit buggy, quite a few crashes to desktop and/or sudden disconnects.A truely fun game with some quirks, a lot of charm and an easy to use interface. I recommend using mouse and keyboard over a controller."
76561197998640437,Recommended,310510,23418997,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Stever,Not quite as repetitive as i thought it woould be. It is very enjoyable as co=op. There are not that many maps but each map has 4 tiers and each tier offers different challanges with different places for trap and different special traps. would definatly by the DLC if any ever came out
,Recommended,310510,15871973,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Sleepies,"Very addictive Tower defense RPG!Good:- Very enjoyable learning curve and forgiving normal difficulty- Controller supported- Diablo like looting system which is very additive- Can done crazy damage at high difficulty- Traps combo can be fun- 3 different classes add replay value- Various enemy types require more strategy planningBad:- Skills are quite limited- Controller cannot perform some minor action such as adjust game speed- Story is nearly none, no NPC to talk with you- Graphic is just average- Cannot swap weapon when in battleSuggestions:- Add more cut scene will attract player into the game world- Socket the weapon with gems- Socket the traps with gems- Add horse mount when in the planning phase to fast the pace- Add mercenaries and share the loots with them- Add zoom in slow mo fatality scene when killing the stage boss- Destructable world environment to enhance the atmosphere- Add weather effectsScore 8/10"
76561198031486819,Recommended,310510,17217354,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Explorer,"I was only going to try this game a littleand then move on to another game i'm currently playing......my first play took 3 hours  :)And I'm certainly going to play it 100%!If you like Diablo II and/or Tower Defense games,Deathtrap is a must buy!"
,Recommended,310510,14430294,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Azimuth,"Deathtrap is a tower defense-Arpg hybrid from the developers of The Amazing Adventures of Van Helsing. The closest comparison that can be drawn to it from other games in the tower defense genre would be Dungeon Defenders. Although the character progression and abilities are more fleshed out and force players to make decisions that uniquely define their characters role more than DD does. There are 3 classes, the mercenary, the sorceress and the marksman, each have a different playstyle and trap base type that they favour with a multitude of abilities to choose from as they level up. The mercenary for example is good at playing the role of melee tank and favours mechanical traps (both floor and tower types).The trap base types are Mechanical Floor, Mystical Floor, Mechanical Tower, Mystical Tower and Summoning, each with 5 traps for a total of 25 different types of traps. Unlike Dungeon Defenders you're limited to where you can place each trap type by predefined trap locations which can somewhat limit the amount of potential builds for each map. There are four main enemy archetypes as well of which, different towers will either be super effective, neutril or ineffective against which forces players to use multiple types of towers and traps to prevent enemies reaching their gate (core).Overall I find the game to be quite and enjoyable and it has a lot of depth to it with 13 campaign maps which have 4 increasing difficulty tiers which unlock as you progress to maintain the challenge as your character levels. Once the 13 campaign maps have been completed on the first tier 5 additional scenario maps unlock as well. Scenario mode which is similar to the campaign but instead has added challenges that the player can choose from to increase the difficulty as they see fit and increase the xp, loot and gold they receive at the end of the mission. Finally there is also the endless mode which is basically survival with ever increasingly stronger enemies thrown at the player until eventually they are defeated.Well worth the price of admission."
76561198018446558,Not Recommended,310510,19833843,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,tearsforagnes,"I've had a ridiculous amount of problems trying to play this game on several different computers... One one will not even launch, on this one it will launch, but it crashes every 20 minutes or so (even after dropping the graphics options lower) and then it randomly stopped accepting controller input, along with problems recognizing physx... the list goes on.  For every hour I've put into trying to get this mess to work, I've maybe played for 15-20 minutes.Not worth the effort."
76561198120330268,Recommended,310510,15219620,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Mif,"I am much more of a TD gamer than a RPG play, but I really like the concept of this game. However, WHY oh why can't I decide where to place my traps - and what traps to place? That would have made the game so much more appealing. Now I have only played a bit, and this may be available to me in the future, but from a TD point of view it takes a lot of the fun out of the game.In the same vein, I would have preferred to be able to follow my enemies path without moving my character (bird view). My character I I move when I want to fight, but I just love to see how my traps work - and the map/wave thingy is just not the same.I also have to agree with those who mentioned clunky control and graphics.Having said that, I luf the whole vibe of the environment and story; the game is different, and definitely fun! So wut are you waiting for? :D"
,Not Recommended,310510,20052205,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ev,"Very rare I write a review, let alone a negative one - but frequent crashes and abysmal performance on the OS X 'port' left a bad taste in my mouth. If you're not playing the Windows version: buyer beware."
,Recommended,310510,17465016,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,catwhowalksbyhimself,"I like Tower Defence games.  Or, more accurate, I want to like them.  I keep buying them.  I keep trying to play them, but I inevitably get bored with them and quit after a few levels.  Only a few rare Tower Defence games can really keep my attention.  Both Orcs must die games and Defender's quest did it and kept me occupied for many fun hours, but I have not found anything I've like since.  Until now.Deathtrap is a Tower Defence/Action RPG hybrid.  Like the later type of game, you have loot and lots of skills to choose from.  You also build and upgrade traps like in the former.  Unlike many games, hower, trap locations and types are fixed for a given level.  In other words, you will have locations pre-set that you can only build a specific category of trap in.  There are five types of traps for each, though, so you still have plenty of options.While the main campaign only has 13 levels, you also have additional game modes, scenario only levels, and several New Game plus like modes that feature very diffent trap, entrance, exit, and moster waves for all the old levels.  There really is plenty to do and plenty of room for expansion for future DLCS.If you like TD, ARPGs or both, check out this game."
,Recommended,310510,13110711,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,XPENDABLE,"Release Date: Feb. 4th 2015UPDATE 12/16/2014 - Now that I have explored it thoroughly, it is awesome. The devs are very open to new ideas and suggestions (and very responsive to the community, good job!). Custom maps are great to both play and create. Coop and Versus mode is still in the works yet, some bugs, but still very fun to play with others. The full release of Deathtrap cannot come soon enough.ORIGINAL REVIEW:This will be an outstanding game once it becomes more complete. As of right now, it has a solid setup and design to be very enjoyable for many hours.Since it is still in early access, only certain characters, game modes, options, etc. are available. With that said, from what I have seen and played, it is extremely fun. As for an added note, if you have played The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing II, you will know exactly what this game will be all about. RPG mashed with Tower Defense makes a good combo. I kind of see it like an Orcs Must Die with a top-down 3rd person Diablo-isk view instead. It almost feels it has some Sanctum elements to it as well.Upgrade towers, upgrade skills, loot, and gear-up; Deathtrap will be a gem to have."
76561197963819455,Recommended,310510,15746742,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Jinnai,"I'm a big fan of the original Dungeon Defenders and own DD2.  So I spent some time trying to research how different this game was or if I should just sink my time into DD2.  I saw discussion threads where people were having a really hard time describing the differences and I couldn't understand why.  Now that I own the game, I understand why.  While the surface mechanics are the same, they play very differently and I'm not sure which I like more.Pros:Well balanced skills and trapsEnemy diversity to include champion variantsARPG style loot, but not overwhelming since it's not per enemy killI find the unique graphic style more appealing than DD2I prefer the isometric view as wellClass skills and passives that actually differentiate the classesTons of upgrade combinations per trap, both passive and activeUser made maps and easy editorCons:Only three classesAll classes have the same trap selectionTraps are placed in set locations (but with options of which trap to place)Loot only awarded upon level completionHuge potential grind of replaying the same maps (need 3 stars on hard to unlock next tier)Overall I really like the game.  Being able to speed up or slow down the pace means easier waves are shorter.  The interfance and experience just feels smoother and more polished than similar ARPG/Tower Defense games.  While there are limited classes I think the customization options and potential for huge number of user made maps more than make up for it.  It was definitely worth the sale price and if you're a fan of tower defense games then well worth the full retail price."
76561198058965598,Not Recommended,310510,17753091,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Bakkaa,"Game crashes every time I play 12th level. Without passing a level, you cannot get any progress (i.e. new maps, levels, better items) so you are stuck. I wrote to the developer ages ago and no answer. Wasted money."
,Recommended,310510,14587133,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Gorgon Freeman,"Best hybrid RPG/TD game I have played. Kinda like Diablo 3 crossed with Defense Grid..Pros:- Pretty well optimized and great graphics- Ability to fast forward during slow/boring bits- Multiple character classes- 40-50 hours of gameplay easily- Huge variety in the skills, crafting and item systems- Large variety of monsters and towers/trapsCons:- Pretty lame voice acting- First 7-8 levels are way too easy*Edit* The more I play this game, the more addictive is seems to become. It's definitely my current favorite. I think the devs/marketing team should have done a lot better job at getting this game known on the market and advertised it a bit better, because I know it has potential to be extremely popular and it makes me sad it's not getting the recognition it deserves."
76561198027544118,Recommended,310510,14475282,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,rabidbluejay1,"9/10This game is one of the best tower defense games I've ever played.  But this game stands out because it requires actual involvement in the defense.  To me, tower defense games have always been fairly simple, you identify the choke points and place the correct towers and every know and again you upgrade or add a tower, but if you play smart you always win.  This game requires your help,  your towers can't do this alone and on more than one occasion I've had a drip of sweat running down my brow as that monster that slipped through is pixels away from the core and has 1000 health points left as I use my speed attack and destroy it only miliseconds away from it counting as a hit.  You have to level your character and towers strategically to the point where you start to develop your own signature playstyle.  Also there's co-op and who doesn't love to murderize monsters with their best friend?The only reason I'm giving this a 9 and not a 10 is because the game doesn't support camera rotation... which I didn't get annoyed by playing as a mercenary, but when I started a game with my friend playing as a marksman I was annoyed because the marksman is a ranged character and because of the camera angle you can see much further to the north and east of the map, but to the west and south you view range is very limited, which means you have to attempt to use the dots on the minimap and fire off screen and just hope you're hitting something until it comes into view or you get closer.  Since the mage is also a ranged unit I feel you'd have the same fustrating experience on some of the maps."
76561197995436761,Recommended,310510,13402299,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,jcaracc2003,"tl;dr: If you like Tower Defense and you like ARPGs, then you'll really like DeathtrapFrom the makers of the Van Helsing series comes Deathtrap which is a hybrid tower defense and ARPG. Veterans of the Van Helsing series will recognize the darker aesthetic right away and even meet some old monster ""friends."" The gane at this writing is Early Access but is already feature rich. At the moment you can choose between a Sorceress and a Merc. More classes will be added soon as well as new game modes.There is a huge amount of skills to upgrade both for your character and the traps themselves. Additionally you can upgrade world effects that do things like damage ALL baddies on the level for a short time. All skills have a cooldown period just as you would find in Diablo, Torchlight, Titan Quest and other ARPGs. Character skills are assigned as usual with left click being your primary attack, right secondary, and keys one through four as additional battle skills.Before each wave you have the chance to look at the enemy wave information including the path as well as the monsters coming through the Chaos Gates. You must think tactically as to where to build your traps. Building them is as easy as clicking the middle mouse button and placing them. As the game progresses, more traps are unlocked and you can choose what to place.Traps are built through accumulating ""essence."" You can think of this as ""mana"" for the traps. The traps themselves are quite imaginative and fun. Acid sprays, lightning traps, ice, and even traps that have monsters that kill other monsters!In addition to all of this and the coming excellent selection of game modes is one of the most intuitive map and monster editors I have ever seen. Making maps is a snap and what's more, they can be easily shared with your friends, enemies, and persons yet unknown on Steam.It is quite clear that Neocore are becoming a marquee indie developer and the progression from the first Van Helsing game to Deathtrap clearly shows a developer who is maturing and willing to take risks.The music has the same sort of Eastern European feel that fits with the visual aesthetic of the game. As for the voice acting, it is serviceable but I wish Neocore had brought back the actress who voiced the acerbic Katrina in the Van Helsing series. Some of her lines were simply classic whereas the voice acting in this game is at this point just some lines repeated at random. They are not frequent enough to be annoying but, some variety would be nice.Before each battle there are well written descriptions of the land you are about to enter. Again, it is clear that Neocore is building a franchise and creating very interesting lore.Once upon a time I had ONE favorite tower defense game, Defense Grid. I still love it - especially the voice acting. But, the rich fantasy setting of Deathtrap combined with strong ARPG elements and a nice map and monster editor could possibly have me split my TD itch between Deathtrap and Defense Grid.I have only 36 minutes in and the ONLY reason I stopped was to write this short impression of the game. A full review would not be fair as the game is not finished. That said, it is worth the price of admission at least for me. I bought this on the strength of the Van Helsing games and I do not regret it one bit.I am hooked on this and need to get back to work!One word to laptop users who have both an integrated graphics card AND either an Nvidia or AMD: make sure to set Deathtrap to run with the dedicated Nvidia or AMD. It plays decently with integrated graphics but has a weird tendency to minimize itself. Running under the Nvidia has been quite stable."
,Recommended,310510,12616307,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,mgk | Praesi,"Towerdefense Game with RPG Elements.Pro:- Interesting Traps- playable Hero with active and passive Skills- Itemloot- Equip your Hero with Weapons , Armor ect.- Skilltrees for Hero and Traps- Quests ontop of the Defense Gameplay- Nice GraphicsCon:- only 3 Maps at this Point- Forced Positions for Traps, no Mace possibleI will update, when more Maps are playable and i have more exp with the Game.To this Point its a good Game and all who Love TD´s should keep an Eye on that one."
76561198068119668,Recommended,310510,12635467,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,¿¿pɐɯ n,This game is a dream come true. Your character skills and items (even the way you find items) is very similar to diablo 2 and with the TD element it makes for a challenging grindable loot farming game that will hopefully have a trading system and a creative tower defence related pvp system (maybe like wintermaul wars =0)
76561197973634785,Not Recommended,310510,29643584,Posted: 1 February,all,Live Wire,"The blend of ARPG and turret defense works well for a while, giving you something to do besides watching your towers kill things, but at ""Tier 3"" (the 3rd time around the game) there are quite a few maps where turrets are almost useless (or you don't have money to buy them) and you must complete them solely with your character skills. Considering you cannot skip these maps I cannot recommend this game as most players will hit a brick wall at about 20 hours in"
76561198044508462,Not Recommended,310510,18494848,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Elvensblade,Developers do not support the game after release. No patch for gamebreaking bug after half a year.
,Not Recommended,310510,20272160,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,spooky,Great concept but the technical errors makes it a frustrating experience.
,Recommended,310510,29534937,Posted: 27 January,all,offers_rays,"If you liked Toy soliders and or Orcs must die, then you will adore this one. It has greater complexity on the skill tree and is the best hybird tower defense game I have ever seen."
,Recommended,310510,14344903,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Fairywren,"After playing The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing I & II coop with my <3, Deathtrap was actually a brilliant surprise. The RPG games also by NeocoreGame had a simillar element just like Deathtrap when defending Van Helsing's Lair. Every time we got another quest that would sent us back we hoped it was one of these, so of course the moment I saw Deathtrap on the steam store I had to get it for both of us and since then, even so it was a pre-release game until yesterday, it was one of the best pre-release experiences I had so far. Content was added frequently, I've not seen one obvious bug in the whole time and the map creator is awesome.I'd recommend it to everyone who already loves the Van Helsing RPGs and enjoys tower defence games. It definitely was already worth the money before the actual release and now even more so."
76561198072270357,Recommended,310510,17783290,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Mike21Daisu,"This is the best Tower Defense game I've ever seen in my opinion. You not only build towers and traps to defend your gate, but you also have a hero which you control which makes a tower defense game even more interesting. Deathtrap is playable with friends, but more players are in the party - harder it gets. Basically, there will be more gates releasing more monsters, the starting essence (which you build your towers and traps with) will be split among the players. This game also involves in-game side quests and missions, like if you complete the level without building a certain types of traps and such. You also level up your hero, learn new abilities, traps, skills... get better gear... At the moment the community is small, but we need more players, this game is really great and deserves more attention. I'd say that you definitely have to play it! :)"
76561198135416157,Recommended,310510,25219653,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,K2SAINT,"RPG + tower defense + leveling up your character + epic loot + gearing your character + strategy + skill trees + side quests + great graphics + smooth and epic game play = shut up and take my money!!!All jokes aside this game is really great. It's different. A good different. Tired of the same ol games that do nothing but remind me of other games Iv play yet not adding anything new to catch my attention and keep me playing. When I play this game I think, man I haven't ever played anything like this before. Iv been looking for something like this and I'm glad I bought it. Definitely one of my favorites. It's unique. Totally worth it."
76561197969417125,Recommended,310510,15389922,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,G00N3R,"Deathtrap is an interesting combination of tower defence and action RPG in a fantasy setting. The player has to stop an assortment of demonic creatures from reaching portals. You do this by building traps along the creatures path, and you also control a character that can move around the map and attack the creatures directly. Its similar to Orcs Must Die, but with a more elevated camera angle.The player character can be either a warrior, rogue or mage depending on if you want to focus on melee or ranged attacks. You move with arrows/wasd, have a basic attack on LMB and upto 5 other abilities on hotkeys. These abilities cost rage/mana which is generated by using the basic attack, and there are more than 5 abilities to choose from, plus several passives, so you can build a character that suits your playing style.After completing a map you gain points to increase the strength of abilities and traps. You also earn loot that can be equipped - weapons that do more damage, armour, helmets and rings that give more protection from physical or elemental damage - and you earn gold to buy better items from the shop. Some maps have secondary objectives that reward you with bonus items or XP.My biggest complaint is that you're very restricted with the placement of traps. Each trap belongs to one of five categories, for example the lava trap is ""mystical"" and the spear trap is ""mechanical"". They're both placed on the ground and damage enemies that run over them. However, if a floor tile is designated as mystical, you can't build a mechanical trap there, and vice versa. Many floor tiles can't be built on at all, and there is no possibility of shaping the creatures path to make a long maze.Each category has five traps to unlock, so there is some player choice, but I still felt like I was prevented from designing my own tactics, which is part of the fun of tower defence. Each creature is strong and weak against specific types of traps, but the restrictions make it difficult to find a way to take advantage. Every map has multiple paths, and some maps have multiple portals to defend, so the main tactical choice I had was to figure out which areas to defend with my character and which areas my traps could defend without my help.There are 13 campaign maps and it took me 7 hours to beat them all once. But each map has 3 difficulties (creatures have more health) and 4 tiers (changes spawn locations, trap placements and routes to the portals), plus scenarios (buffs creatures or weakens your traps/character) and an endless mode, so there is a large potential for replayability.The story is non existent. I don't think this is essential in tower defence, but a bit more effort would have made a good game even better. Graphics are on par with most tower defence games, there are some nice details in the creature animations and spell effects and I'm getting a constant 55-56 FPS with all the settings enabled or at highest level.Deathtrap is a really fun game, and I definitely give it a very strong recommendation. While the RPG mechanics are stronger than the tower defence mechanics, I think fans of either genre should find alot of enjoyment here."
,Recommended,310510,27503822,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Icehawk <NWA>,Fun Tower Defense style game with upgradeable heros & towers.  Wish there was more!
,Recommended,310510,18566797,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Wildt,"Single player only review.Deathtrap is a really well executed blend of 3rd person action RPG and Tower defense. Like a Diablo clone / 'Orcs must Die"" mashup.There are 3 character classes to choose from, each with their own unique skill tree which unlocks as you gain XP. The classes share the same upgradable traps though, which also unlock as you progress.Where I found the characters and traps interesting and varied enough, it was a big let down that there is absolutely NO path shaping element in the Tower Defense department. This meant the tactical depth was disappointingly shallow.There's no noteworthy story, and the voice acting is fairly mediocre, but the graphics and sound effects are good.Finishing all the campaign maps on tier 1 can be done fairly quickly, but there are 4 tiers and a ""Scenario"" and ""Endless"" gamemode, which give the maps replayability.Bottom line: it's a fairly generic genre mix that works really well, but doesn't bring anything new to the table in either category.75%"
76561198080112256,Recommended,310510,19993113,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,PrinceAlpha,"Love the game, it's very different. It contains elements of Plants and Zombies with MMO and RPG......."
,Recommended,310510,14432206,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Dark Angel,Loving this game. Hoping for more traps and clases inn the future
,Recommended,310510,14370638,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Zeke,"I love hack-n-slash and blood, tanking, and overall badass fights. My friend is a huge moba player, but I am not into them. We were looking for a game that we would both enjoy, and then Deathtrap came along. Last night was the first night in two years I have stayed up until 2AM playing a video game. Few games let me lose my sleep, this one was worthy. :P"
,Recommended,310510,12957966,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Tajee,One of the most interesting tower defense games I have played in a long time. The ability to collect gear which can help your character and towers as well makes for many variations on gameplay.  It's very polished for an early access game. There are some maps that have side quests that require some planning as to when to do them. Only played for a couple hours so I'm sure there is more to discover...
,Recommended,310510,14974082,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,To The Mars,8/10 - Tower Defense the way i like it!A really really good tower defense game.Hell lot of fun playing it coop with ur friends and even single player is made well.They need to change the marksman class for sure tho. It´s just the worst compared to the other two.But for now i would totally recommend the game if you´re into tower defense games!
76561198007554934,Recommended,310510,33141451,Posted: 2 July,all,melkathi,"Neocore's Van Helsing games had a tower defense mini game. People enjoyed it enough for it to warrant its own spin off game. And it is a good game. It is a situation of taking a good thing, a thing that works, and making it a game."
,Recommended,310510,28736091,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mokka,"Imagine a mix between Diablo and any Tower Defense Game.....It'sexactlywhat you think about. (""Hm, that sounds good..."")No, it's even better."
,Recommended,310510,28741723,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Multigun,"Simple but a great Tower Defense, ARPG game. Only three classes, but they all are very different from each other. Pre-designated trap areas takes some of the variety and puzzle work out of some of the story missions, but it works for this game. Game can be slightly inconsistent with its difficulty level (story missions again); vast majority are easy but then you will have ones that will be insanely difficult out of no where. Traps are satisfyingly effective in their monster slaying and offer good variety for multiple builds. ""Pro"" tip: learn to love Essence Traps.Lots and lots of replay value with leveling (max level is 100), three classes, three types of gameplay (story, custom scenario, or endless) and RNG gear drops. Equally fun playing Co-Op and Single Player. Engine is the same one used with Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing, I have had zero crashes and zero bugs, fantastically developed. Bottom line, if you enjoy Tower Defense with ARPG mixed in, you will like this game."
,Recommended,310510,31197270,Posted: 17 April,all,Cyphr,"I loved this game. It's a hybrid of a great looking tower defense and Diablo.Towers you upgrade with skill-tree and hero with skills and gear.As always with gear, the grind comes into play and there are many levels of gear, unique and combos, it gives the game longevity!Better gear and you play custom maps with harder difficulty which equals harder mobs and bosses and better loot."
76561198010748161,Not Recommended,310510,14541038,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Vinny Vally,"Update: I played this for maybe an additional 40 hours after my review below, but unfortunately it goes down hill fast. It gets very repetative, and as you become better at the game, the enemies stay true to themselves and do exactly what they did the first time around (just with more health....) and so it doesn't get anymore challenging. If anything, it gets easier..Whilst the game has a fairly large quantity of bugs and glitches and errors that cause crashes, I'm VERY surprised the game came out of early access.. I mean, I didn't even know it was out for ages as there was no mention of it from what I remember. Oh well, doesn't change the fact that their own roadmap seems to stop December 2014 and whilst they say in every single post 'more to come, it's early days, work work work', there hasn't been a single update and the game is massively lacking by this point imo.I loved this game from the second I started playing, but sadly it didn't keep my attention for all too long and it's a shame, as it had everything it needed to go VERY far.. But the devs seem to have not cared and let it die very quickly. 6/10Original review:Great game - Lot of fun - Nice graphics and (for me) a perfect mix between Diablo and TD games. Ignore my low hours I have been busy lately most evenings but trust me I cannot wait for the weekend for this game ;)Visuals - Very smooth! Graphics aren't the best in the world, but it is still very nice regardless and it is early days - Maybe updates/DLC's might provide a little bit more in the future. 9/10 for me.HUD - Some of the layout of skill tree / trap tree could be a little less 'cluttered'.. Sometimes I'll not know which text box is for which, but that isn't involved in a game so it is hardly noticeable since you spend 1/30th your time there..Skills and traps look awesome - And there are plenty of them too. Its a great blend of an RPG with TD - You get the character and customisation feel for you plus the TD asspects with all those traps (18 I think) but who knows as I said it is early and more may come :DOverall for this (quick andm essy review - Sorry) 9/10 for me!"
76561198037038644,Not Recommended,310510,34455539,Posted: 24 August,all,SemperFail,"Great game but very buggy. I used to be able to play it fine just after release but now it crashes on start-up, other reviews here say that the game has issues with AMD cards so that could possibly be the issue."
76561198022339771,Recommended,310510,29970317,Posted: 16 February,all,ALLE,"it,s a fun game when you want to play solo or even better when you want to play coop tower defence game with some roleplaying elements .I liked it a lot ,too bad that some achievements are broke and the devellopers  have left this game broken!"
76561197990234520,Recommended,310510,22845094,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Luxzenburcht,"Wow, Diablo/Torchlight/Path of Exile meets tower defense. I'm suprised i haven't heard from this game before. Been playing for almost 3 hours and i like it. Runs smooth on stable 60 FPS (you can cap it to 30 if you want).You can select three different classes :*Warrior: A tank-type hero class, tailored for fighting in close quarters.*Sorceress: The anti-thesis of the Warrior, designed for long range fighting using a variety of spells and debuffs.*Marksman: A ranged fighter, designed for direct damage dealing and amplifying trap effects.I went Sorceress for my first runthrough cause i like to attack from far since i'm a coward :). Needed to get used to the controls a bit and had to remap some keys (changed moving to WSAD, orginal were the arrow keys, also build is middle mousebutton, changed to mouse 4).Gameplay feels nice, just like Diablo,Torchlight, etc.There are alot of upgrade options and you can find new items.+Good idea to combine hack and slash with towerdefence. You can decide to lay back so the towers can do their work or kill enemies yourself+Has co-op with a max of 4 players and PVP mode (haven't tried this yet because it seems multiplayer is dead?)+Traps that have spikes (maybe even better then tesla towers, wich are also in this game......)+When enemies get to into the gate you see a nice skull, so you know you f* up :)+leveling system, items and equiping your char.+Satisfying chopping action and the evil laugh it brings (yes i know i have issues :) )-Stats, if you are a stat lover you spend to much time comparing and analyzing. If multiplayer works  i will probably get kicked for idle to long.-Crosshair?/cursor is maybe a bit to small when your screen is filled with demons. For me i noticed that i misclicked and instead of action i just walk into the enemy.-Spike trap maybe better the teslatower from ARM, resulting in a new fetish.TL:DR : If you like hack and slash and towerdefence then buy this game.8.5/10"
,Recommended,310510,14427324,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Marty,"An outstanding tower defense game.  If you like tower defense or D3 you should get this game.  An outstanding title, lots of loot, character upgrades, and from what I can tell amazing late game.I would rate 8.5/10"
,Recommended,310510,22834443,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,hitt.william,Absolutely fantastic co-op title.  This developer has taken the tower-defense sections from Van Helsing and really fleshed them out into something unique and addicting.
,Recommended,310510,22858063,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Guesswhoiwas,Diablo/Grim-Dawn meets Orcs-Must-Die-2. UI isn't too great but you get used to it after a while. 8 thumbs up.
,Recommended,310510,21016276,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dnompal,"i feel really bad for the developers of this game;they made a fantastic game, just to have it reviewed negatively by people with extremely specific, insignificant problems.i wasn't planning on reviewing this game so i'll make it really short and to the point.this game is sexy, and i want to marry it,even though it plays hard to get sometimes.it's most likely not worth full price though, try to catch it at like 10 bucks.10/10 beautiful, strategic and functional"
,Not Recommended,310510,18067446,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,[-LeC-]Thrawn323[=T.L.O.O.=],It's a Varry Fun game. However there are a few bugs I want fixed Imidiatly.  I wan't to enjoy this game but i want it to work properly before i give it a rating. 1. There is a glitch where if you transfer potions from the in game storage to a charachter's inventory it will crash the game.   2. There is a bug for the mutant worm's where if they knock you down you can get stuck and unable to move at all.   The Crafting system is also bugged 2 of my friends can't get it to work without the game crashing. These Items must be a first Priority on the bug fix list. If These things are fixed quickly i will continue to play. At this time i can't say if i would or would not recomend this game. I Had been Keeping an eye on the patchnotes for deathtrap Since Neocore Games Is not Good about Keeping There games Updated it's Final Verdict time.  My Final Verdict Is That Neocore can't Be trusted. They Make Games that have amazing potential in regards to being a mix between a chalenge and looking fairly odd in general.(This is the Positive note)  Sadly based on my own observations and information from other reviews on other games created by Neocore The Truth is Neocore's ability TO maintain any of there games is the dull edge of a double edged sword. The Sharp Edge Is That there games have amazing potential. I Just Wish that we could see Neocore Make use of that potential or sell The Deathtrap IP to a company that will treat it with more respect then Neocore has. Neocore to me is just anouther wanabe Giant that fell on it's♥♥♥♥♥ Took Some Time But i found Images of the Crash Culprits.1.http://deathtrap.gamepedia.com/White_Wobbler.   2.http://deathtrap.gamepedia.com/White_Wobbler_(champion). Don't Let them Knock you down. That's when we got stuck in the environment. The Knockdown bug was finaly fixed though it would have been more profesional had Neocore done something about it early on. The Potion Transfer Glitch wich they say is fixed can't be Verified as being fixed at this time. If  Neocore someday Does A much better job at making sure there games work properly neer or at release then i might recomend them but not today. I sadly can't objectivly recomend anything made by this company.  To bad to i realy do like there games but Neocore is just varry unprofesional in regards to maitinance and handling inquaries in regards to there games. Sadly both Megapull who is the Neocore Comunity rep outright evades questions and datguy13 although sometimes helpfull is someone who does not seem to be a varry infestigative beta tester.
76561197998546046,Recommended,310510,19918969,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Area54,The best tower defense in the world. Simple as that. More depth by far than any other. Full blown game systems. Great polish. Diablo-meets-Tower-Defense.
76561197993397056,Not Recommended,310510,18747428,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,hamface,"Don't buy it, unless you feel like handing over your money to Neocore out of the goodness of your heart for nothing in return. And let's be honest - if you're considering buying a game called ""Deathtrap"" your heart probably doesn't have much goodness to spare.The game has never been playable for me, and in the 5 or 6 months since I bought it not a single update has been released (as far as I can tell). Posts on the support forum go ignored."
76561198067851126,Recommended,310510,15252187,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Dread Baron Beardly,"This game can feel unfinished at times, especially when using the controller but the bottom line is that it is fantastic. This game is perfect for exactly what I want to play. Wave based turret game with effective use of action/rpg mechanics. I highly recommend it. I wish there were more games like this and I hope to see them in the future!"
,Recommended,310510,15544933,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Froswald,"Two thumbs up if I could; I saw it on an Achievement Hunter video and it felt like if Diablo III had come out not♥♥♥♥♥♥and as a Tower Defense Game. Well worth 20 bucks; though if you don't like grindy leveling you may not like that element of Deathreap (I personally don't feel it's grindy, but if you hated Diablo II's skill system you won't like this much better). Overall, game's top"
76561198002967881,Recommended,310510,15733865,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,feargunner,This game is fantastic.It's Torchlight with tower defense using the aesthetic of Dark Souls.
76561198007121032,Recommended,310510,14502466,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,yoshimon,"Great game! Sort of like a DOTA where you build your own towers, awesome hybrid of tower defense/action rpg - worth the 20$."
,Recommended,310510,14483475,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Toadkiller_Dog,"With less than 24 hours of playtime as of this writing, I am not a master.Consider this a work in progress.This, in my oppiion is the most enjoyable TD I've ever played, and with anactive team updating ,improving and the promise of DLC, it can only get better.So far I have experienced no bugs worth mentioning in the single player,the Co-op feels a little rough and I have spent no time on the Versus.What I like: The Steampunk/Fantasy/Eastern European Mythology elements of the storyline is absolutely unique and engrossing.The tie in to The Incredible Adventures Of Van Helsing was exciting to me as I love TIAVH 1 and 2 and gives me hope that Neocore might continue their expansion of this awesome universe.The RPG elements are very enjoyable and excellently designed.Every skill and every trap upgraade is vital-there are no throw away traps, upgrades, or skills..Gameplay mechanics are, in my experience,universally sound-the absence of bugs and glitches is noteworthy.The map editor is one of the significant unique features, and in my opinion, one of the biggest hooks.It is intuitive and straightforward to use and creating personal maps is really fun.Overall I absolutely recomend this game-it's worth every cent.No game is flawless and this has a few,albeit those problems aren't really make or break difficulties.My biggest complaint is the inability to place traps where I want to.All the traps are laid out as a part of the map build and to me this stifles the challenge somewhat.Once again,Neocore hits the nail on the head, this game delivers with a skill and originality that is rare."
76561198108519137,Recommended,310510,32982859,Posted: 29 June,all,Hristril,"From the guys that brought you Van Helsing series, and will bring us Inquisitor Martyr, comes : DEATHTRAP !I had 4 bucks on my steam wallet and decided to buy this, because of its looks, feel and genre.Reviews are Positive (775) Negative (156).Deathtrap is a Tower Defense game with strong action-RPG elements, a game of vicious tricks, killing machines, rotating blades and splattering blood.+ Co-Op for 3-4 players. (i was in a group of 3 )I did not get to play it much due to Foxhole, but I enjoyed it.A short description can be Diablo meets tower defense. 3 classes: melee, mage and ranged, with inventory, potions, skills + you get to build towers to help you defend your ""gateway"" (that is your castle/base) from waves of mobs.80% discount was a dealbreaker."
76561197970509886,Recommended,310510,15451087,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Hosinator,"This tower defence game is excellent!  It is well designed with an excellent mix of tower defence and hero leveling that makes the more time you spend playing the more fun and diverse the game becomes.  The tier system makes everything exciting all the way to level 60.  After that aquiring godlike items and seeing your specific character and tower combination strats become fully realized it makes every game fun.  The multiplayer, in it's current form (early release had some issues that have since been resolved), is excellent and stable.The four tiers of levels (each tier changing the layout) and four tiers of towers give you lots of paths to go down with your decisions.  Having the ability to buy back your tower tower upgrade choices and try different tech paths shows just how smart the developer is and this game was clearly created by someone that loves tower defence games.Being able to play multiplayer with your friends, each using their own strats and working together to for a common strat makes the game one of my favorite TD games I've played yet.The developer has been very active in tweeking the game and taking suggestions from the community."
,Recommended,310510,15885894,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,pdejager,I'm a Tower Defense addict - this is a very good addition to the genre
,Recommended,310510,24759602,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,shintsu,One of my Fav Action Tower Defence games. Combines RPG elements with TD. + loot drops for your character that impacts your character and or towers.
,Not Recommended,310510,15756951,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,subLiminAl thouGhts,"This game was fun, except for all the technical errors it has. It would blackscreen frequently, sometimes several times per battle, requiring at least an alt-tab out and in to get back into the game, during which I can get hit or die. In trying to fix this, I changed my video settings from fullscreen to fullscreen window w/o border, which didn't solve anything or even look like anything had changed. Then I tried to change the setting to use windowed mode and now it crashes upon loading. There's no way to adjust these settings outside the game except by manually editing some init file somewhere, except that's impossible to find, and their support site requires you to create a login with an impossible-to-read captcha.Game: thumbs up. Experience: thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,310510,15798594,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,GreenJelly MIC,"A good game, but needs a few adjustments tweaks and general improvements for me to recommend.  Way too easy to sell towers, I've done it on mistake many times and the controls could be refined abit. A Little Buggy, I got a few crash to desktops without an error message.  Hit boxes are WAY too big.  Makes it really hard to move....Would love to see this polished a bit more."
,Not Recommended,310510,15837918,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,b0bje,"Fun game tower defense game (with so and so grafics).Would get a thumbs up, but the crashes and bugs are plenty.. It's been years since I had to hit the reset button to revive my pc... I would stay away for now.. word is they might not fix the bugs given they are releasing a new game shortly.Fow now, thumbs down.."
76561198030242292,Not Recommended,310510,17554074,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Critz,"Saying this game is a cross between Orcs Must Die and Diablo is misleading.  It is more like a mix between Defence Grid and Diablo.Whereas Orcs Must Die 1 & 2 are fast, colourful games that give you a lot of freedom and choice in traps and placement,  this is not the case in Deathtrap.   This game lacks flexibility in both where you can place traps and what kind of traps can be placed, which makes this game even more restricted than Defence Grid.    The text is very small, so those playing on their TVs, watch out for that.   In one map, there is some kind of  temple, and the text is so small that even though I stood right in front of my HDTV, I still couldn't read the text so as to figure out what the temple was for.   Probably better to play this sitting at a monitor.   I wish game makers would always provide an option to increase text size.   The game is also quite slow and you can't run around fast, but they do provide portlals to help you get around.The game does have depth to it - it's kind of like Diablo, with a screen where you equip armor, rings, amulets, weapons, upgrade skills - that part is interesting.But if you are expecting the pace and feel of Orcs Must Die - look elsewhere.  Big BIG difference between the two games.   Watch youtube videos of this game first to get an idea of what you are getting.The levels are also static, in that you can't rotate or move the level around.  Finally, the  graphics are not sharp, rather dark and lack-lustre - this is not a bright, colourful and vivid game like Orcs Must Die at all.This is not necessarily a bad game, it is just really not my type of Tower Defence game.   Still, some people may really enjoy the game for the Diablo-like aspect of it."
,Not Recommended,310510,17572662,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Cognitive,"Major disappointment that you can only play single-player or with your friends, no randoms."
76561198007209535,Not Recommended,310510,13109321,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Darth Chocula,"Good game until you are forced to kill waves of mobs with few traps, which makes it more of a arpg than a TD game, but it isn't fun and is more of a chore imo"
76561197977526596,Not Recommended,310510,17632317,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,cedrikovitch,"Unfortunately the game has some issues with the use of a mouse. Sometimes you can not build towers with the middle click or any other keyboard I tried so far and I am not the only one experiencing this issue. You should wait until the bug is fixed because it is so frustrating :SThe zoom is too close and you have to hold shift if you want to aim with guns, they should add a setting in the option menu to lock or unlock instead of holding shift all the time ..."
76561198004652532,Not Recommended,310510,16039579,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,CrazyFace1911,"Waaaay too many bugs. I loved the game at first. Now working on 2nd playthrough tier 2. For some reason 4 towers have stopped working. The Enthropic pillar does no damage and does not heal. The abyss crater does no damage. The portal glyphs do not work on giant creatures anymore. The rings have missing information tags. Trap skill points are bugged they reset and then you are unable to spend them. I would stay away until this thing is fixed. Its a shame too, because it could be a really good game."
76561198057178277,Recommended,310510,34436259,Posted: 23 August,all,Digitenor,"This is hands down one of, if not the best tower defense game I have played.RPG style hero with loot and exploration of maps for bonus treasures."
76561198170935254,Recommended,310510,29002342,Posted: 4 January,all,9_of_spades,"Great game, it did a really good job at making it stratigical, tower-defence and a RPG all at the same time. Definitly worth it's money :D"
76561198114330596,Recommended,310510,30714157,Posted: 24 March,all,whisper1618,FUN as hell if you like tower defense. worth getting when on sale for sure
,Recommended,310510,30566827,Posted: 17 March,all,GoodEvilArchangel,"Don't trust me, but I trust myself.Even played under 2h so far, I recommend this game even my review can be superficial if not played at least 100h.I like the complexity of the stats for character, skills, traps, forge, disenchant, leaderboards (WoW, I'm top 44000 , I got rekt) and more...I won't say more for now, but I've made a 6 min video (no talk) with some things from game plus some combat.I recommend 1080p for this video:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=885138934"
76561198001784686,Recommended,310510,17573638,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Beaghan,"If you like tower defense games then you'll probably love it. I wish that there were random waves instead of the same each play through but there's player made content that I guess helps with that. I hate the camera and I wish that there was more customization of your hero, and more types of heroes to play, there's not really any RPG it's more tower defense/action than rpg. Those are my only negatives, I enjoy the game and I'd buy it again if I didn't have it."
76561197989273094,Recommended,310510,22848252,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,War,"Deathtrap is a hybrid of Diablo style RPG and tower defense. Overall game-play is very enjoyable in single player. The campaign fits with what backstory there is and the overall atmosphere does have an appeal. The primary downside is the network/matchmaking code.There are several instances with failures to route and failures to resolve (the match making server). Thus far I have experienced a 100% failure rate either as host or joining a game--where in at least one, if not more parties, could not sync and get in game.This is not a UDP porting issue (although it could be for some individuals). I, and others, have tried various firewall settings and permission changes without success. While several people do seem to be able to enjoy CO-OP (I've not tried vs mode yet) there are far too many people experiencing issues in multiplayer for ""everyone"" to have UDP issues locally.As it stands:Deathtrap is very enjoyable as a single player game.Multiplayer is not viable/stable and thus unplayable.Recommended for single-player only--otherwise this is ""coasterware""."
76561198023175499,Recommended,310510,12613381,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ewok_kebab,"This is the natural extension of the TD minigames in the ARPG series Van Helsing also made by Neocore. It is early access at the moment but with few bugs and a solid editor. There are only three in game maps, but another thirty or so on the Workshop already. This game shows an awful lot of promise. To put into context if you like games like Dungeon Defenders , Orcs Must Die and action cames like Diablo, Torchlight and Van Helsing you would be crazy to miss out on this one!"
,Recommended,310510,12616327,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Dynosphere,"--Update 19th December 2014 ---So far, Devs have stuck to update schedule, you now have 2 classes, controller support, coop mode (although no server browser as of yet, but can just use steams ""invite friend"" to play that way or quick match).Craftings been introduced, game is progressing according to schedule.  Coop is great fun, just waiting on difficulties and levels to be stretched out a bit to add to replayabillity. No game breaking bugs found between me and fiance.--------------------------------------------Currently - Very Early Access review.As far as early access goes - This is what an early access should be.Clear dev presence in steam forums / site forums, clear development roadmap with planned dates rather than vague ideas.Campaign currently is limited  to 3 maps, although these are a well done 3 maps which introduce the game quite well.Difficulty i would say is about right - It's not dark souls but if you don't pay attention its easy to fail.Graphically - Pretty outstanding for a TD, similar to van helsing (Funny that...)No COOP at this stage - early november for this, will update at that point.Otherwise think of this game as an ARPG TD hybrid, where you have a character to control and upgrade but you arn't working alone against the monsters nor can you just roflstomp them without towers.Where this really shines though, other than being relatively bug free for a game less than a week old in early release, is the map creator.It couldn't be simpler to develop maps yourself, design the waves yourself, and eventually (for dates check the discussions page) do many many more things, and then publish these maps on steam workshop for others to enjoy.I'll update this as features come in."
76561198077506853,Recommended,310510,12629939,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Irivit,"Great!I played Van Helsing I and i liked it very much, so i bought Pt II and then...;) i was suprised that there is such a studio as Neocore, and as i heard about Deathtrap, i decided to buy it. Today i finally saw it on Steam, and i just have to say, that it is (in Early Access!) a great game!Thinking about pros and cons...the mapping seems to be a little small, maybe they'll get bigger. The textures and the story takes place in the Van Helsing-Universe, so if you haven't played it yet (VH), you may have a few questions. The traps and the spells are mostly taken from VH. The invented new traps, but they made it ""serious"". While giving the traps in VH ironic names like Flame-O-Thrower, they just named them Gun Sentry etc. Kinda miss that. But i love this game and would recommend it everyone who played VH, likes TD games, RPGs and so on."
76561197981156493,Not Recommended,310510,29589417,Posted: 30 January,all,Bloody Gypsy,"The game itself is actually pretty good, but oh my god... It's so badly optimized, so make sure your pc is up for the task xD"
,Recommended,310510,22838711,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,TetrahedronJBooF,"I was actually suprised at how fun this game is. It is really one of a kind, you have gameplay from games like Path of Exile and Diablo, while at the same time it is a tower defense game. The leveling system is really good, there is a good amount of skills to choose from and upgrades to the traps. I would suggest anyone who enjoys Arpgs and/or tower defense games to try this game out. If you happen to like both of those genres then this game will blow that little mind of yours. Just get it already."
76561198057097510,Not Recommended,310510,15309336,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,doryreed,I really want to give this a thumbs up but sadly can't. The game is good when it works. But almost every time I have tried to play it I get 'Deathtrap has stopped working' and crash to desktop. I have contacted support about this and have had no reply. They obviously don't care now that they have my money. A real shame!
,Recommended,310510,24256975,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Instant Karma,Tower Defense clashes with ARPG very nicely.
76561198068217859,Recommended,310510,12623569,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Naltaris de Este,Well this is ... simply awesome... system of skill points for towers is nice and with posibility to rearange points in it before every map gives you tactical options for preparing beforehand. System of unlocking towers is nice and I think it would be even better if you would need to unlock in similiar manner also updates for towers.Even though there are only 3 maps right now gameplay seems polish enough that some already released games should be ashamed.If you like TD with RPG elements in its core or you simply liked TD minigames in Neocore previous games (Incredible van helsing) then don't even think baout bying it .. It is simply must have :)
,Recommended,310510,12626432,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,krabbypatty,"This game has alot of potential. I am really enjoying it so far. There is a potential for a lot of replay value due to the multiple ways that you can upgrade your traps, characters, etc. The game really isn't that buggy for an early access either."
76561198128891235,Recommended,310510,12605526,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Snowfox,Death trap a fun tower runner not the first but is worth a shot if you like these kinds of games only 3 maps out right now but with custom maps still has a alot of play for a early access game for 20$ i would say go for it stop reading reviews and buy the game it has potential to be a fun and long played game
76561198025874950,Recommended,310510,14641672,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,AlMsTsHaR,its a nice gamei like itgood graphicseasy to playand funny trapsi am happy to play this game :)
76561198040557124,Recommended,310510,12605245,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Lazero,"Its great fun, like a TD Diablo kinda funk."
,Not Recommended,310510,14865598,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Lethal Lands,Pro: Good game single player.Con:Do NOT buy this game if you expect for multiplayer to work. It won't. I would like to have known that before I bought it. It's 2015. This should not be an issue.
,Recommended,310510,14353111,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Spritzen,A great mix of ARPG & Tower Defence. If I had to label two games it was like then Van Helsing & Orcs Must Die would be the closest I think I could come to.
76561198007427910,Recommended,310510,14698281,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,melekric,Great Tower Defense  Game.  Would highly recommend
,Recommended,310510,14599359,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Ĝ҉Ǻ ҉YcẾ҉E  ҉_CowboY,Like playing Diablo... but fun
76561198029650444,Recommended,310510,14425655,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mr. Ling,It feels like a mix between dungeon defenders (but in a grimmer world) gameplay and a great Diablo Feeling to it!
,Recommended,310510,27520601,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,danielm,Played this game in coop and loved it!
76561197973835537,Recommended,310510,29301786,Posted: 16 January,all,babyjester,Diablo mixed with a tower defence game whats not to like?
76561198022343615,Recommended,310510,12610325,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Tanifuga,"Fantastic Game,...i dont do Reviews,but with this game i feel i must share it with you,...i have V.H,VH2,.WOW, And i think this game is going to &should be just as great as those if not better, what i love about this game(and all from neocore),is the easy to pick up gameplay,graphics are brilliant,and has loads of gameplay,got the Early Access ,ASAP After Launch and Neocore have done it again,..cant wait for the full game extra maps ect,....just buy it!!! :-)"
,Recommended,310510,13750196,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Schweddy Balls,"Very fun tower defense! Reminds me of smite. its still very early, but its the devs that made van helsing(1&2) so i have 110% faith in this growing as a great EA game and not getting left to die as an idea without care or moneyAs of this review i have not played the mini tower defense that this game is based off of that was inside the van helsing games but deathtrap as a standalone is very fun and its still very early!"
,Not Recommended,310510,18897456,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Scallywag,"This game looked really interesting at first. Played for about a half hour and was very underwhelmed. It very quickly got less exciting than at first. If you get the game, do it at a time when its on sale for 5 or below."
76561198053392811,Recommended,310510,21424318,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,muzjiks430,"Great game for one run through, afterwards gets repetitive and easier"
76561198022140960,Recommended,310510,14379735,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Wistity,"Yeaaaaaah!!!Blood, Strategy, Role playing...but short and no story..."
76561197988782097,Recommended,310510,14498001,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Volgore,Amazing blend of tower defense and rpg elements!
76561197963215462,Recommended,310510,14428925,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Demon,Great tower defense game! by far my favorite!!
,Recommended,310510,14465680,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,hermanssoon,"Nice and different TD game with RPG elements (level up passive and active skills, traps, craft items etc etc)"
76561198050888983,Recommended,310510,14469638,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Goldmember,"Awesome game and loads of potential, hope they increase vs and coop modes!"
,Recommended,310510,14491111,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Hotsauce,Amazing game
76561197964218305,Recommended,310510,14511251,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Unknown Variable,"If you enjoy Diablo 3 and like tower defense games, this is your dream game."
76561198041108461,Not Recommended,310510,33798774,Posted: 25 July,all,Kuriousjorj,"Would give this a positive review, except for the ""Bottomless Pit"" map Tier 3 ruins it.You have to grind and outlevel your toon to beat it... which makes the following maps not fun."
,Recommended,310510,22648940,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,fat moogle,Bit of a mix between tower defense and Diablo. Only con I see is you can't move the trap positions.
,Not Recommended,310510,14590232,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ScrapMedal,If you are planning on buying this game for co-op do not waste your money.Tried to play with a group of friends.  Experienced horrible networking that made the game unplayable for certain people.
76561198004701225,Not Recommended,310510,15763955,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,van the man,"Torchlight+Tower Defense. If you liked those you probably played them both until you were completely sick of them, and seeing as how this is just those two put together and nothing else, I was completely sick of it 40 minutes in.As either an A-RPG or a Tower Defense alone, it might be kind of weak in terms of content. It passes for an average game, just with a bunch of gameplay that I've already done, and don't need to do again. I'd probably still be playing Torchlight or a better TD if I still wanted to play those. Not quite feeling like the whole is even the sum of its parts.TD shortcomings:No mazing/path control, preset tower locations, preset tower types at those locations. Game camera is focused on your hero so you don't know what's happening, minimap displays enemies but not their health, and only zooms out so far. You can only build/upgrade towers if they're in view. Hero doesn't attack automatically. The same boring between-stages tower upgrading you'd find in any flash tower defense game, getting a few upgrade points per stage completed depending on difficulty selection and how many guys touched the goal.The same old TD formula, have your AoE, your DoT, slow, freeze, long range, rapid fire, etc etcSame old TD enemies, small quick packs, beefy large single enemies, armored ones, guys that warp, fight back against your hero...A-RPG shortcomings:Character classes are too similar. Gear variety is utterly tiny. Skill tree, gear comparison, joke of a crafting system, all just feels like added chores. Merchant is mostly useless and just there as a formality of RPGs, gold is mainly to limit your available number of skill resets. Picking up loot by clicking on it, when it only drops once at the end of a stage, feels like it's just there to mimic A-RPGs, not be an A-RPG. A plot I don't care about, art and characters with no charm, annoying voice acting making weak attempts at humor. Generic ""fantasy setting"" music.Of the two the TD side of it is stronger, but there are games that do either genre far better.About gamepad support:Have a logitech gamepad, button layout for menus is awkward but navigable. In gameplay, there's a clear fault - you can only build a tower at a location your character is standing next to, with no button to cycle through available locations. With a mouse the building restriction is anything you can put in the game's isometric camera view, and even if I take a hand off the controller and grab the mouse, I discover the game disabled the cursor for me. This is an issue because normally, a tower can be built at a remote location during combat, that you can see but can't easily reach, giving gamepad play a significant strategic disadvantage. Also, because the cursor is turned off, all menus MUST be navigated with controller. This includes things like equipping gear that become a multi-step process for a simple drag and drop. The only way to switch between cursor and keyboard/mouse is with a checkbox in options and relaunching the game."
76561197971939138,Not Recommended,310510,16433411,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Wilson,Played for about an hour or so now and had three crashes kicking me out of the game....
76561198188141735,Recommended,310510,32799898,Posted: 25 June,all,Spag Ed Boy,"Do yourself a favor, and buy this game...because no one plays it anymore and I need online friends to play this with me plzzzz. k thanks"
76561197970661189,Recommended,310510,32832735,Posted: 26 June,all,Intruder313,One of the more difficult TD games but decent. I wish I had more freedom over tower placement though!
76561197975202931,Recommended,310510,34477611,Posted: 25 August,all,AtomAvenger,"Diablo meets Tower defence, not bad game."
76561198041800800,Recommended,310510,12940923,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Reayn,"Good tower defense game - controls work well, smooth animation and fun. Worth it to buy if you are enjoy TD games -"
76561197966358311,Not Recommended,310510,22869925,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ketamarine,"Just bought on steam sale foe me and my brother to play co-op.I'm surprised that it is getting positive reviews.Netcode is terrible - two cable internet providers not far from eachother and we are getting freezing, game crashes and a RIDICULOUS bug where his character doesn't progress - randomly no EXP, no items or trap upgrade points.Don't buy if you want to play co-op - and apparently people are getting crashing on endless mode in single player - so don't hope for replayability either.This is completely unacceptable for a fully released game on version ~1.05."
,Recommended,310510,30549217,Posted: 16 March,all,Rayden☆✪,"Got it for 5 bucks on sale and worth every penny. Fun game with friends, it's Diablo meet Tower Defense in a Van Helsing universe."
76561198049653894,Recommended,310510,14412502,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Darkrachet,"GAME IS ACTUALLY REALLY GOOD.  I THOUGHT IT MIGHT BE SH*T B/C IT IS A MINIGAME IN THE OTHER GAMES, BUT I WAS LUCKILY WRONG.  THIS FEELS LIKE A FULL GAME TO ME.IT'S BASICALLY DIABLO MEETS DUNGEON DEFENDERS, AND NO NOT THAT SH*TTY DUNGEON DEFENDERS 2 GAME, THE FIRST ONE."
76561198136253053,Recommended,310510,22961271,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,mcnick,this game is alright.....its cool that its like playing Diablo..its dark n haunting envoirnment is awesome...the traps n attributes upgrades is fun n attribute refund is always a plus. the only thing is that i can only place a trap as indicated by them......which is not as freely as i tot it would. still worth checking it out..be cool if someone would coop with me.
,Recommended,310510,14629091,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,pexor,"Very enjoyable game. Can be played casually, and appears to have plenty of depth for advanced play."
,Recommended,310510,31050775,Posted: 9 April,all,Shphwee,I love this game. It's great for just getting lost in. In a good way I mean.
,Recommended,310510,14330730,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Telarius,"Great game, worth every cent!  By blending tower defense with RPG-style character combat, it offers a great deal of variety.  In addition, Steam Workshop support is a big plus for replayability.  Though I'd like to eventually see the game become more moddable (perhaps similar to Torchlight II), I have no complaints regarding this game and highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys tower defense & RPG-style combat."
76561197970639512,Recommended,310510,14329679,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Warlok,"A slower paced (thus far!...) Grim Dawn/Diablo meets Defense Grid, from some very talented designers/developers (the Van Helsing series). Very good long-term upgrading, very promising variety, solid engine. Will probably be logging in many hours on this one. Excellent price too, even off-sale."
76561197962207424,Recommended,310510,14509745,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,fatsoferret,"This game is really fun if you are a fan of tower defence games, and a fan of isometric dungeon crawlers. At times though it can feel a bit grindy. I look forward to what they will add in the future."
,Recommended,310510,22871427,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Zakk002,Love it. Great premise and nice mixture of genres.
,Recommended,310510,22833881,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Co1uRZz,"great game, wish they would remove the level cap"
76561198004670756,Not Recommended,310510,34180157,Posted: 11 August,all,gimpitygump,"The game itself is awesome, but all of a sudden the game constantly crashes... also the controls are aweful.The sucky part is the game is great and a lot of fun, but unfortunitely its unplayable :("
76561197992083855,Recommended,310510,14341446,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Matyvalien,REally fun TD game van helsing style ^^
76561198060502964,Recommended,310510,13898357,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Tides,"Awesome game if you are a fan of RPG/TD games like Dungeon Defenders.Remember its Early Access, so there's still rather limited content. Patience is required for now."
,Recommended,310510,14493405,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Waeno,this game is really good. i highly recommend.
76561198083377426,Recommended,310510,15217518,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Eargasmo,TOWER DEFENCE+WEED =MINDBLOWING CHILAXATIONcocaine.
,Recommended,310510,17787350,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,AntiVVeaboo,TypicalDOTA-IshBattle Realm-Ishand DIABLO-ishgame
,Recommended,310510,17957423,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Jamtaggio,"Very good tower defence game. Good art style, the gameplay is challenging and good character progression. Reccomended"
,Recommended,310510,15211541,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,YoshiBonifacio,A tentacle monster killed me.... 10/10!
,Recommended,310510,24775395,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,False Motive,Great game!!
76561198006989429,Recommended,310510,15763767,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,TnT,"One of the best TD games i've ever played due to the fact that it has more than 1 aspect (not just building towers). Towers in game are very balanced from what i've been playing compared to dungeon defenders, no ""OP"" towers. It's really a mix between TD and a RPG. Choose what you want to upgrade first, whatever your playstyle is. There's no ""upgrade this first to min/max your skill points"". Everything is really balanced and fun :)-Build towers-Level up your hero-Collect loot-Gear up hero-Craft armor/gear-Upgrade hero skill tree-Upgrade tower skill tree"
76561197993357882,Recommended,310510,23490187,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,satanpro,"A pretty good stand in for the beloved Dungeon Keeper. The game is more like a mix between Dungeon Keeper and Diablo, kind of like the Deception series on Playstation. You place traps but have to move around and engage the enemy to win."
,Recommended,310510,32837385,Posted: 26 June,all,pilotshark,Great fun and it has co-op!
76561198062692038,Recommended,310510,28485799,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Destaphenes,Diablo meets Tower Defense. Lots of fun!
,Recommended,310510,14671014,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Shanulu,Surprising deep. Definitely worth 20 bucks.
,Recommended,310510,14343428,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Triumph,"This game is a combination of ARP (torchlight, diablo, van helsing game people made this one) & tower defense gameplay. It's pretty fun, and allows you to create your own personal maps which can also grant you more xp and gold helping you to build your character between campaign levels.There are two main progression areas for each character. The character's personal skills and skill levels for combat and buffs, and the character's trap points to invest in different kinds of traps. The trap points are earned by beating official maps at different difficulty levels. Character levels and skill points can also be earned in workshop maps, at least when I played last about a month and a half or so ago (in early access).Creating your own map seems intimidating at first but you get the hang of the wave & group creator pretty quickly and placing trap tiles and shaping out the map itself is very easy. Some very cool shapes and types of waves and defenses are possible from the map maker and you can upload/download maps with the workshop easily. I want to see some maps shaped like the subscreen maps in the original legend of zelda peoples. Please do dis."
,Recommended,310510,24533759,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,dinipro,"Simple TD-game.Feels like a mix up between, Orcs Must Die and Diablo - Cool!Bought it for 3 days ago, already up at 20hours on record.Recommend it, and able to play with 3 friends in 4 CO-OP campaign, which it difficult - To the max (Tier 1, 2, 3, 4)."
,Recommended,310510,24514935,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Prog.Trance,"A good mixture of a Tower Defense game and an action-RPG.I enjoyed it a lot, strongly recommend this if you like both ARPG and Tower Defense game."
76561198126916371,Recommended,310510,24500087,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TobiBooneTheSmallSpoon,"While the controls are a little difficult to get used to, I found the gameplay/difficulty challenging, the graphics relatively good for a a tower defense and so far so good! I like the game and would definitely recommend for other tower-defense enthusiasts!"
76561197976554639,Recommended,310510,15040626,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Bag33,Might just be my favorite tower defense game.  Great job.  I hope they make more.
,Recommended,310510,22914773,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,jlaw88,Absolutely amazing combination of tower defense and RPG. Would recommend to any tower defense fan.
,Recommended,310510,14446827,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Yeti,"This game is fantastic. It's a great blend of Torchlight and Diablo esque ARPG combat and leveling, with strategic tower defense. It's a lot of fun, has great level design, awesome turrets, defenses, abilities, and unique enemies. It's also Cooperative and Versus multiplayer.The campaign supports multiple playthroughs and encourages beating them on higher difficulties, and I find myself trying to finish everything. There's definitely a lot of gameplay value here if you're into in depth action tower defense games. It's like a dark fantasty Dungeon Defenders/Orcs Must Die hybrid and I find it a blast."
76561198094183608,Recommended,310510,14293247,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Branza Topita,Very nice game.
76561198039861861,Recommended,310510,14169322,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,AlphaCrimson,//////
76561198356180734,Recommended,310510,33710544,Posted: 21 July,all,rogersdg,This game was included with a bundle I purchased and I didn't think I would care for it.  It turns out this is a surprisingly fun and addictive time killer.
,Recommended,310510,33660090,Posted: 19 July,all,JakeFlit,fun co-op game to relax to
,Recommended,310510,16501393,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jaxxxson,"So I had seen this game on sale and was interested in the concept.  Hell, I think I've boughten most of every RPG + Tower Defense hybrid, it's a genre that I'm glad is exploding haha.  With that said; this is seriously one of my favorite games for the hours I've already put in.  The balance is so great it's almost painful to see so many other ARPGs struggle, including the title The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing.I think a lot of this stems from the fact that you're constantly upgrading gear, but it's never a huge leap like in other aRPGs.  As an example, I'm doing about 400 damage with my weapon at level 1 and nearing 500 around 20.  This...is so smart, seriously it feels great and makes it so you do get more powerful, but not trampled by over powered monsters and not so strong that previous levels are necessarly easy.  On top of this, the skills are interesting and varied, with the classes playing quite different from one another.Another fantastic aspect of this game is the level design and how the NG+ works.  There's 13 levels including in the game, each having endless waves, scenarios and 4 different approaches to how they're done.  The levels are pretty standard right away, but they start throwing curve balls in the game as it progresses, with new mechanics and level specific traps, not to mention all the levels are fun, I never got overly frustrated with any of them, and they're all challenging, but manageable, you are legitmately able to 3 star these levels on your first go, but it won't be easy.  I feel if I can do it with the melee class, it's got a good balance.Now I have heard that later tiers of levels are a wall in difficulty, but so far, for the 20 hours I've put in, it's been smooth and awesome, I can't recommend this game enough, I truly hope this concept gets expanded upon."
,Recommended,310510,12655165,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Zekail,"Now that the game has fully released, and ive played it a good bit since (currently 1 level 20 character) I can say that im pleased with the progress the devs have made. Deathtrap is becoming a beautiful little TD game, however some of my gripes still exist, most notably of which is the clunky and slow combat. tooltips and trap/skill explanations are missleading at times and lacking real detail. Crafting....seems pretty pointless well see at higher levels, my complaints are just that, mine. Deathtrap is a solid game at its core, and while I believe it still needs work I can say that it is now worth your time and money.-Leaving my old opnion here-*Got the game and I enjoy it, however pretty much every feature listed on the store page is non existant, and the videos clearly show content that isnt in the build we have. Game shows promise but I dont currently recomend it.To ELABORATE:No i dont recomend the game in its current state for the price they are asking. Yes I did buy it. Why? Because I have faith that the devs will make it worth it, and i love TD games in general. I'll endorse the game once you can craft, progress past lvl 11, play more official maps, get all your traps/skills, play multiplayer without hassle, make combat less clunky, fix passive traits, clarify tooltips, add tooltips, open up the 3rd class, add quests, fix the currently broken traps, I could go on but theres no point. The devs know what they need to do. But till then, in my opnion its not worth the price tag.*"
,Recommended,310510,16395235,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,slowram,"This is the tower of defense game I play when I want some extra action as it does require you to run around and assist your towers in order to succeed on all but the easiest of levels.  If you've played the tod mini game in Van Helsing you know what to expect, if not then it's similar in concept to orcs vs. humans or Dungeon Defenders except instead of being in first person mode it's a top down perspective that I much prefer for a tod game.You've got a large variety traps some that slow, spike, and even ones that release werewolves.  It has rpg mechanics as you've got gear and level up and get to pick your attack skills.  It's a wonderful blend of arpg and tod."
,Recommended,310510,16509833,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Swal,"TL;DR: Would I recommend the game? Yes, if you like TD games like Dungeon Defender, GemCraft and ARPGs like Diablo/TorchLight/Path of Exile/Din's Curse kinda games.The GoodI am writing this review after 8 hours of play time. While it only took me this long to beat the base game with a single character; I can already see the game lasting quite a few more hours. I'm only level 22 and scenarios, endless and tier 2 only just opened up.I have played all kind of Tower Defense games before and I put this one among the better ones. The ARPG side of it is not something to ignore either, but don't expect a POE/Diablo/Torchlight/etc quality/quantity in that section. Looting so far hasn't really changed my gaming much, but from what I understand that comes into play later on (lvl 55).And To balance the review a bit: The BadI have to admit that few of the trap placement in the map did not really make much sense to me. I found myself only building there because I had nothing better to do. Initially I wanted to go only mechanical traps - because I was playing the mercenary and found it matching -, I quickly found it it is not a viable option."
76561197979404719,Recommended,310510,16824901,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Trouser Snake,"Great Game. HAve trouble finding multiplayer games though,"
,Recommended,310510,16690727,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,favoredflav,A surprising little treat of a game.  Peanut butter and chocolate:  Take a handful of Diablo hack and slash and mix it up with a cup of Tower Defense.   Stir heartily and bake at 350.Perfect for a quick 20 minute gaming session to unwind.   Quality graphics and sound round out the package.
76561197997821081,Not Recommended,310510,14590167,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,BobAndHisDog,This game is unplayable in multiplay because of bad networking code
76561198020110237,Not Recommended,310510,33027158,Posted: 30 June,all,Stevoid,"Dead as a fart. When you do get in a game...""You have been kicked""Or you're attacked with a tirade of racism and insults.Don't buy it. Dead/toxic community only ones remaining just want to push everyone away from getting in a game.Only buy this game if you are going to play with a friend or you plan to solo the whole thing.Those downvoting this are part of the problem. I regret this purchase."
76561198008366872,Not Recommended,310510,14859398,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,VendettaLTS,"Purchased the game, which doesn't work for me. I get black screen crashes; a problem experienced by others on the game's forum.Time spent on technical support and forums leads to only one 'solution': wait for next patch and hope it works then.Paid for game? Yes. Able to play game? No."
,Not Recommended,310510,34506021,Posted: 26 August,all,LordGooch,"Ack.  I don't remember how much I paid but $1 would be too much.  If you are interested in this because its a ""tower"" defense game - it's not.  You can only place specific traps in specific limited locations (So your only decision is when to place a trap - not where or what type).    Much of the ""challenge"" (if you call it that) is as a run-n-gun type game.  And that run-n-gun has a wierd mechanic where you have ""essence"" that fuels your shots.  When you run out you have to run and hide to allow it to regenerate.  So you are never really in a fight very long.  And your ""towers"" are all pretty much decided for you.  There is a skill tree - but honestly didn't see it add anything to the game."
76561198014791394,Not Recommended,310510,15206009,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Jeriah,"Interesting take on a Tower Defense, with a very promising idea of integrating classical RPG elements such as levelling up and changing gear on your character.Sadly it's a tad bit clunky, with an horrible UI, and has very limited places to put your traps - and even what traps you can build where.If you're really looking for a GREAT tower defense, I would much suggest you try Orcs Must Die before this one. And if you've already played and completed that game, this is probably not the replacement you've been looking for..."
,Not Recommended,310510,21652320,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,jefflknight,"Would love to recommend this game because it's really cool.  Unfortunately, the game crashes constantly.  I have a pretty decent setup so I'm not overloading my system.  Through research I've found this is a problem for quite a few people.  I've tried all suggestions I could find including 'dumbing' down the options.  :-("
,Not Recommended,310510,15192978,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Barkie_Mailman,"Tech issues....This is a tough one. I bought this on my laptop (i7 4700 & nvidia 770m) and it would not launch.I downloaded it on my desktop and it runs flawlessly (AMD 8350 & Nvidia 670).I went back to the laptop and tried again. Fond a solution in the forums (Running regedit and setting a specific option to ""0""). Game launched, but the performance is wretched. Turned it down to medium settings at 720p and still must have been getting less than 20fps....total chugfest.This game is awesome though. It plays like Diablo 2 in a tower defense universe.  I'll definitely recommend this one after the problems are solved."
,Recommended,310510,14348968,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Reznok,Diablo + Tower Defense
76561198039399209,Recommended,310510,14328826,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Raserei,One of the best games ever made!
76561198010800766,Recommended,310510,17759880,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,62%
,Recommended,310510,14350811,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Bailee,"I think this is the first review I've ever written for a game, but felt I had to because this is an awesome game...great job devs! Tower defense, RPG progression, loot, crafting, quests...what more could you want! Absolutely recommended!!"
76561198075221093,Recommended,310510,27652225,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,poxolin2,Good price for a good costumer!
,Not Recommended,310510,25068730,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,LurkusMcGurkus,"Deathtrap is a tower defense game wherein you control a character who aids your towers in preventing hordes of demons or something from getting to your purple circle or something.  This game feels awkward, looks meh, and just isn't very captivating.  Unless you're desperate for a tower-defense-click-to-move-diablo2-clone then go elsewhere.2/10"
,Recommended,310510,23808262,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mandj,Good game
,Recommended,310510,25960528,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dehumanize,"Underrated game, TD+ARPG aspects needs to be done more, they work well together"
,Recommended,310510,16711414,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,NeoGeoMVS,solid tower defense game...not the best but still worth the purchase.stick with van helsing 1 and 2 and forget 3.
76561198067557294,Recommended,310510,15974910,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Cherokar,Probably the best game of all time unless you get in the relayed conected thang then it actually cancer and make you want to F***ing kill yourself but overall 7/10
76561198080544721,Not Recommended,310510,29407894,Posted: 21 January,all,vanzee66,"If you like TD games where you can only build on a predertermined spots, then here's your game.  I Don't like having my tower placement options forced down my throat, so any game that does will get rough review from me.  If you don't mind that, disregard this.The actual combat is pretty fun, and their are lots of upgradable options, but I like more freedom with my tower games."
,Not Recommended,310510,15048410,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Grimmay,"this is the 1st game i have ever wanted my money back on, Co op play is terrible and never works, none of the current fixes for making Co op work actually do anything and are just a complete waste of time"
,Not Recommended,310510,29447561,Posted: 23 January,all,Unsystematic,Limits creativity in tower placement which makes the game too easy. No one online. Otherwise huge potential
,Not Recommended,310510,30521734,Posted: 15 March,all,Broken Cup,"Fun, albeit short game.  Grab it when it is onsale.  I downvoted because it crashed on me a couple of times, when finishing off the boss -_-.  Loot denied."
76561198257445058,Not Recommended,310510,33024664,Posted: 29 June,all,XxMattyChanxX,"-pros Great idea for a game-Looks fun-its differentWhy I dont recommend this game .-more bugs then people then what we have on are earthive spent too much time and trying to fix and look up the errors, one of them i found multiple solutions (havent tried) and one that is inpossible to find anything about it,the errors i hadGame crashed or got stuck on black screen first 500 times after installing , tried chaning resolution , that didnt work , i restarted my pc and unplugged my controller and that seemed to work ,but what im stuck on nowGame wasnt started by steam , online features will be disabled , so will achivements and something els ( i couldnt find anything on the web)no sound ( aprrently you need to install all updated for windows 7)i bought this to play with my family , and im not going to bother fixing the sound if theres no fix for it apprentlu not launching with steam .and after reading alot on the fourms page ... theres soo many bugs and i dont see much help from anyone , so no i say this game isnt wourth the struggle.   ( glad there is such thing as refunds ) sigh such disapointment."
76561197966549324,Not Recommended,310510,24474327,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Garanor,"Many people have had problems with no sound, and there is no definitive fix for it. some say update windows, some say drivers ect. but for me nothing worked. Also there have been no help from the devs in this matter. untill they fix the sound, i cant recomend."
,Not Recommended,310510,23550321,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,_NeO_,I found it on sale and after the good memories of playing something similar on custom maps of warcraft i thought i should try it.I expected more.I only played it with a controller and i must say it is a challenge.I get the feeling playing something like dark souls tower defense.You must be into such games and you find it of course on sale.
76561198032290676,Recommended,310510,14338098,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,nokonoko,"Diablo and Tower Defence had a baby, ant it's beautiful!"
,Not Recommended,310510,15202702,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Panos |m3|,"Looked good, but poor game mechanics and even worse control. Not going to play again."
,Recommended,310510,34041149,Posted: 5 August,all,Sgt. Fury RDS,Diablo + Tower Defense = Great Game!
,Recommended,310510,24556682,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,zAlibaba a 8599 loupezniku,very good TD
76561197961091775,Recommended,310510,22491315,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,tinhat,good tower defence game
,Recommended,310510,32210860,Posted: 5 June,all,sonyguy,TRAPS THERE EVERYWHERE
,Not Recommended,310510,22956022,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,emp456,"NO SOUND at all. No sound in cinematics, no sound in menu, no sound in game...Game comes with a gamebreaking bug that seem to be in the Van Helsing engine since 3 years ago. They solve the bug and it appeared again with last tiny-update (5 months after the last one) and they ignore all of us who have this bug. 0 words, 0 promises, 0 support.So, they make a 3 fixes update just to put this on sale for a week and ignore everyone who has a problem. Well done, guys, you show us you care :SWell, i'm forced to ask for a refund because i cannot play (well, i can play if i make the game sound effects myself: plaf!, splash!, bang!, pow! chew chew! very funny, uh?)Almost 10 days since the patch, a whole thread of people reporting the same (even people that had the game prior to the patch and now don't have sound) and 0 support...And it was reported the same day of the patch that, curiously, fixes a game starting bug (and little more, see by yourself) Wow, just wow:http://steamcommunity.com/app/310510/discussions/1/357285398695741576/I don't care if they solve this in a few months (when they need another sale), not going to support these kind of devs. Shame to you.PD: My 0.4 hours played translates in more than 3 real hours trying to solve this myself, looking at the same problem 3 years ago in their own forums. After waiting 10 days after the patch for some answer, i am forced to refund this (last chance to do it)PD2: Maybe you are lucky and the bug does not affect you. But it is on the engine side, not on player systems (no drivers or miracles to solve this by yourself, then)"
76561198105769474,Not Recommended,310510,14530166,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,coreanoporgusto,"This game in Mac is getting slower and slower, the performance is awful and you cannot play when there are many enemies on the screen. Played on a 12 Core 24gb Mac pro and the lastest 15"" MacBook also."
76561197992557789,Not Recommended,310510,24469276,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,s2adowhawk,"Utterly lacking in personality or charm, this game checks off all the boxes without making an impact.  Stick to Orcs Must Die and Sanctum.  Also, the mouse cursor blends into the bland, colorless graphics so I can never find the cursor when I need it.  Annoying."
76561198082652879,Recommended,310510,12614369,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Ra!n3,It's ok!
76561198276990568,Not Recommended,310510,31530662,Posted: 3 May,all,chrismillermd,"I purchased Deathtrap last year.  At the time, I had a 15 inch 2011 Macbook Pro.  It seemed to run fine.  I had a little bit of a difficult time trying to figure out how to play it, so I ended up not playing for a while.  I recently upgraded my computer to a 2016 15 inch Macbook Pro w/ Radeon 455 graphics card.  Unfortunately, the game is unplayable due to the fact that the cursor is out-of-sync with what is on the screen.  Specifically, I have to point the cursor about an inch up and an inch to the right of anything that I wish to click on.  I have tried adjusting the resolution, window mode, etc.,  without help.  I have searched the forums for a solution without luck.  I have emailed Neocore (the game's manufacturer) without any response.  Therefore, I cannot recommend this game (at least to anyone who wishes to play on a newish Mac)"
76561198116765922,Not Recommended,310510,21188377,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,caseybv74,"Great game in concept, but the controls are terrible. You basicly play the game from the hero's point of view, which sucks. You have to click on every monster which means you can't upgrade turrets at the same time. You also accidently move if you click on the ground instead of a monster. Tower defense games are supposed be STRATEGIC not pov. Please fix!"
,Not Recommended,310510,29196689,Posted: 11 January,all,Ramona Buttstabs,"Seems to be essentially lacking in polish and spirit. It isn't bad, but it also isn't good. I'd go to other games first. Solidly mediocre."
76561198145308084,Recommended,310510,21666469,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,daddy vegeta,Fun tower defence.
,Not Recommended,310510,23413073,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,kloddant,"After installing, I have no sound and am getting this error:http://steamcommunity.com/app/310510/discussions/1/357285398695741576/Not sure what to do now.  Seems like it could be a really awesome game if I could get this sound problem sorted out."
,Not Recommended,310510,22928244,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Youhomegodrunk,"Bullet time gameplay? No, thanks!Neocore games that bring us Van Helsing boring games, now made an attempt of tower defense game called Deathtrap. Is is game i will recommend in its current state? Oh my ♥♥♥♥ Noooo!!You controlling your little slow dumb character all over medieval landscape, placing ugly useless towers to defeat wave of monsters. I bet those monsters laugh all the way to finish. Thats kinda fun, but the process is way to slow and unrewarding, Neo♥♥♥♥ingCore build a time machine next, so i can get my time back and money please!Multiplayer is dead on arrival. Guys, you pay to play a singleplayer game, which supposed to bring good functional multiplayer! Quite sad you throw your money in a trash can...If you crash your saves will be corrupted, ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!0/10♥♥♥♥ you Van Helsing killers"
76561198038903689,Not Recommended,310510,14435766,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Devon,If you are on OSX do not buy this game because the text is about font size 4 and unreadable.
76561198019689141,Not Recommended,310510,15260552,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,qtRaven,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.This game installs a virus on first launch.VIRUS DETAILS:http://malwaretips.com/threads/how-to-remove-fake-msiexec-exe-trojan-removal-guide.2599/
,Not Recommended,310510,31675706,Posted: 10 May,all,benito,meh
,Not Recommended,310510,32676539,Posted: 23 June,all,上原霞姨,can't load back to lobby screen after finish the game
76561198007032272,Not Recommended,310510,33056646,Posted: 30 June,all,Kingdark,"Buyers be aware that you CANNOT play this game without a controller. I bought this game during the summer sale and it was included in a package deal because it would be cheaper to do it this way then to buy the games seperately. Anyway, even if I didn't buy the package for THIS game, a tower defense game is always interesting.However, the controls are confusing, I struggled to figure out the controls and I still haven't figured out how I can actually progress to the next level after defeating the first.While I had a little fun, playing the first level, I can't say much about the rest since I can't actually ACCESS THE DAMN THING.How hard can it be to patch in decent keyboard and mouse support? Even if the game was primarily designed for controller, if you port it to the computer, you have to include support for ♥♥♥♥ING MOUSE AND KEYBOARD!My conclusion? No. Skip this game, because I am certain there are better alternatives. F You developers for forgetting such a basic thing."
76561198042242124,Not Recommended,310510,28740944,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Stunner,Can't ♥♥♥♥ing play it.
76561198047440514,Not Recommended,310510,28229547,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Coladas,No Sound. Zero Support. Last Game i bought from Neocore Games.
76561198160195979,Not Recommended,310510,14358416,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,leo,All style and no substance - I just click on existing traps to activate/upgrade them. There's no plotting or tactics involved - the worst tower defence game I've ever played.I feel cheated.
76561198081737316,Recommended,310510,30675687,Posted: 22 March,all,[G]erry [B]oulet,"If you're looking for a game review you've come to the wrong place. But if youre looking for a fantastic ravioli recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients- To Make the Dough375 grams (3 cups) plain flour1/2 teaspoon salt2 eggs1/4 cup (50 ml / 3½ tablespoons) olive oil1/2 cup (120 ml / 8 tablespoons) waterExtra flour for dusting- To Make Cheese Filling15 ounces (425 grams) container Ricotta cheese5 ounces (142 g/about 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) ""3 Cheese Italian Blend"" (Parmesan, Romano & Asiago)Note: grate these cheeses yourself and create your own custom blend.1/2 cup cheddar cheese2 eggs, lightly beaten1/2 teaspoon salt1/2 teaspoon pepper- ExtrasYour favorite sauce for the ravioli (i.e. marinara/ marijuana)Parmesan cheeseBasilFried vegetablesShrimpFish slicesChicken piecesMake the Ravioli filling.- In a small mixing bowl, add the ricotta and mash with a fork.- Add in the 3-cheese blend, Cheddar cheese, eggs, salt, and pepper.- Mix all ingredients thoroughly until you have a smooth, paste-like consistency.- Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.Make the Ravioli dough.- Crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat them with a fork. Add water, oil, and salt. Mix.- Add 1 cup flour to the bowl. Use a fork to mix the flour with the eggs, water, oil, and salt. Repeat with the rest of the flour. Mix until a smooth dough is formed.- Clear and clean off a large work surface and dust it with flour. This is where you are going to roll out your dough.- Take the dough out of the mixing bowl, shape it into a ball, and place it on your work surface. Knead for at least 10 minutes or until it becomes elastic.- Dust a rolling pin with flour to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out the dough until it is about 1/8 inch (1/3 cm) thick, or about the thickness of 2 stacked quarters.- With a cookie cutter or upside-down water glass, cut out circles in the dough (will make about 15-20 dough circles).- Ball up the unused dough and either roll it out and make a couple more raviolis, or wrap it and put in the freezer for another time. Dough can keep for weeks when frozen. Just make sure to wrap well so that it doesn’t suffer from freezer burn or absorb freezer odor.Fill the Ravioli shells.- Take the ravioli filling out of the refrigerator and place a tablespoon of it in middle of a dough.- Fill a small bowl with water, dip your fingers in, and moisten around the outer edge of the dough circle.- Fold the dough in half over the filling, making a half-moon shape. Be sure all the filling stays inside. Pinch the edges together and then seal the edges of the ravioli with a fork. Make sure to press firmly and go all the way around. This will add a “homemade” touch as well.- Repeat this process for all your dough circles.- Dust the finished ravioli with flour to keep them from sticking together.Form the Shells and Fill Using a Ravioli maker.- Roll the dough into two sheets- Place one sheet on the ravioli maker, and form the filling cups.- Fill with the ravioli mixture.- Lay the second sheet of dough on top, and roll it out. This will seal in the filling.- Remove and separate the finished raviolis.Cook the Ravioli.- Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil.- Place the ravioli in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until they float. You can also test for doneness by nibbling on the edges to test.- If you don't want to make all the ravioli at one time, you can freeze the rest- Take ravioli out of boiling water with large slotted spoon and place on warmed platesServe it up.Top with your favorite sauce, grate some fresh cheese over it, and enjoy!"
76561198053135080,Not Recommended,310510,14364049,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,bn,"This game is annoying. Annoying because I love RPG's, and I love Tower Defense games, but it's just too unpolished still which makes playing it (especially with a gamepad) a frustrating experience. Some of the issues that need to be addressed:The controller experience is absolutely terrible, especially when navigating various UI screens. The icon that tells you what to press is too small, doesn't stand out enough, and is never in a consistent location which means you end up hunting to find the button that you're meant to press.The UI in general is pretty bad, with dialogs and detail popups frequently covering other controls or even in some instances important things like tower range rings.There's no way to exit back to the map, so you have to force quit the game if you accidentally select the wrong level.Seriously, it's so bad that it should basically be redesigned from the ground up... if any UI design conventions were followed, they were all the wrong ones. Neocore, do yourselves a favour and hire a User Experience Designer (or if you've already got one, a new one that actually knows what they're doing / doesn't drink heavily on the job)."
,Not Recommended,310510,14342967,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,cracatoa,"This review is subject to change.I want to love this game, but it crashes very regularly during the very first mission.   I have lost my progress multiple times.Fun?  Yes.Aggrivating?  Much more than it is fun.Fix the bugs and this could be top notch."
76561198071901376,Not Recommended,310510,14361926,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Don Gato,"Im sure its a great game if it worked, which it doesnt. if you have windows 7 expect to spend hours trying every fix you can find in the forums to get the dang thing just to open, but those fixes all for windows 8. waste of 20 bucks."
76561198341967786,Not Recommended,310510,27571913,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ThusIsDylan,720p only really? refund
76561198025041340,Not Recommended,310510,14342609,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Stormaggedon,"tldr; The game concept would be fun, but the controls just make it so damned frustrating to play.The game concept is nice, similar to dungeon defenders, really.  The problem, however, is that its leveling goals are so lofty that each individual powerup you place doesn't feel all  that useful.  The biggest issue, though, by far is the controls.  The keyboard controls involve, what I suspect, is having 3 hands.  While you can rebind the keys it doesn't feel much better.  By default movement is the arrow keys and skills are the number keys, and, strange enough, some are bound to the mouse as well.  The controler buttons are not spelled out in the tutorials at all, so it took me a hell of a long time to figure out which gamepad control did what when navigating the menus, not everything is selectable via the joystick, but rather a combination of left and right bumpers and triggers both, a very odd setup to be sure.  Now, when you get all of that down, the targeting is even still much worse.  The melee fighter isn't so bad, but the mage has a hell of a time facing the way you want her to, and her lightning spell, which eminates out towards her facing and hits multiple targets, tends to be ever so slightly off center and instead of getting a whole group, you wind up hitting just a couple monsters.  Her tower buff spell, as well, seems to activate on nothing at all, and feels wasted, or it will activate on a tower i didn't think I had selected (selection happening by running near the towers)."
76561198043224009,Not Recommended,310510,14397944,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Kjos,"I like TDs. Love them. This game on the other hand, I do not love. Do not by this game because you see it has a good rating... trust me, it's BS. Your guy CANNOT auto attack, it is constantly left click...left click...left click.... over and over and over and over.There is a constant lag for w/e reason, I have high end computer, makes no since. I just don't want you good people of Steam buying this game.Just not a fun experience."
76561198001216533,Not Recommended,310510,14365305,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Dr.Askenase,"Update!Rewards and EXP in the so called endless mode are only given away after you lost!So when the game crashes before you lost you will get nothing!Example:Game Crashed at wave 95 (After several hours of gameplay; That wave 95 crash is actually a repeatable bug)Exp gained 0Reward 0The only reward i gained was the electric bill for my electriccompany!and to everyone that is now thinking:""Endless mode is only a little part of this game""Not for me! I have right now 24h gamingtime (actualy it is only around 15h because the game once was 8-9h in mainmenu while i was sleeping) and i think i put atleast 5 hours in this particular game that crashed at wave 95!21% (33% when you are using my ""real"" gamingtime) of my gamingtime that i ""invested"" in this game was useless and funbreaking!So that repeatable bug destroyed 33% of my whole game-experince!!!But if you as clueless as 99% of this community you will never reach above wave 20 in an endless mode. So encountering the wave 95 bug is only for people that can develope own gaming tatics without reading any gaming guides.Rewards at high lvl waves:So i tried it again because they made the endless mode alot more difficult. Its true! i ""only"" managed to get to wave 73 with mylow levelchar... (rank 1 on that map btw the 2nd best player managed only to get to wave 44)  And what was the reward for another 5h gameplay? 2000 gold (thats nothing) and trash items you can buy for 1000 gold at the shop!Making the waves harder but don't adjust the reward! thats really the worst!"
,Recommended,310510,26863001,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Capitaine Courage,I stuck my dong in a toaster. Once you go black you never go back.
,Not Recommended,310510,14362849,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,LeeMajors,Diablo clone mixed with tower defense.  It's not a bad game but I can't recommend it as it is extremely derivitive of both action RPGs and tower defense.
,Not Recommended,310510,28818729,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pier,"Terrible game. Ugly outdated graphics, bad controls... couldn't go beyond the tutorial."
76561197970551881,Recommended,310510,18024387,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,brother_entropy20,"A lot of fun, though I think that the characters are a little lopsided, some proving to be significantly easier than others.  The hunter being the one frustrating member of the pack, interesting but not very well balanced."
76561198108920650,Recommended,310510,18066252,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,The Heroic Skipper,"I want to start off saying this is a great game. This is as if someone made diablo into a tower defense and did it well.Three classes to choose from but with the unlockable abilities it can make many unique playstyles. The merc will probably be the easiest to start off with as you can jump into any fight. Otherwise for the marksman and sorceress, the shift key will be your friend. I do not know what the multiplayer is like, but the two current types look very interesting. The traps are very unique so finding the right combination for the right round may be a challenge, but you can see where things will spawn. It is not usually too difficult as trial and error or too grinding for better gear. The unlocking of new abilities and traps is actually interesting especially testing them out and getting a feel for them. The trap tier unlocks feel a little strange though, but it is not that big of an issue.This game could use some work. Not saying it is bad, but it could be better. Especially the higher tiers and levels where the game just starts getting ridiculous with trying to find new ways to become harder. Not always, but sometimes it feels quite cheap when an enemy decides to change its behavior and slowly walk to the goal ignoring you despite having taken out three or four before it and all of them before it. Tier 1 on hard for the last level is a pain especially with the possibility of crashing once the boss does a time distort when you nearly defeat it. For me having started going hard only since halfway through tier 1 makes it a fair challenge. The side quests are interesting and challenging especially with a tank character on a quest to not do any damage at all with your character. Those are fine. This game is really worth it, but another thing that can make your game crash are those flashing red pathways and those annoying overhead objects. The overhead objects also feel like a bit much because no one wants an archway to flash on your screen.So three things that could make this game better are:Make it so the game does not crash as easily,an option to turn off those overhead objects and flashing pathways (or at least a more optimal alternative),and keeping the enemy behavior consistent based on what it is. Otherwise the player will be confused why the fourth slicer decided to just keep walking through the player. Unless this is super-next-gen and he saw what happened to his friends and tried something new."
76561198099540179,Recommended,310510,16986840,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Cowtippa,"Fun Tower game with RPG elements in it. The game isn't to challenging even on the hardest difficulty. I enjoyed what the game has to offer, but I wish it was more of a challenge. Overall I would recommend this game, but I would wait for it to be on sale. Single player is fun, but if you have couple of friends to play co-op with you'll enjoy the game more.7/10"
76561198157075758,Recommended,310510,17039567,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,stackedback95,"VERY FUN GAME, tower defense with a hint of RPG in it, one hint. dont blow your money, save it for reseting points when u want to. also dont spend trap points right away, figure out what ones you prefer then invest in them. saves you alot fo money....had to restart because i spent foolishly, that or play lvls over and over again for gold. but i recommend it, very fun"
,Recommended,310510,17626147,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,[TLG] Chevmo,Tower Defense + Diablo = Awesome
76561198023771366,Recommended,310510,17746171,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Airidal,Interesting and enjoyable twist on a tower defense game.  Reminds me a lot of duneon defenders however a more adult version.  You are much more limited on tower type placement that other tower defense games where you can play any tower type on any build spot.
76561197991623907,Recommended,310510,17716586,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Richard U,"Pros:- good amount of content- good challenge level- good balance for towers (you can pick which you like best, there aren't massively underpowered ones pretending to offer you choices that you can't really pick)Things some people might dislike, some might like:- tons of grinding away to level your character and towers- must use your character to help kill stuff at times, not 100% all towers all the time- fixed placement for towers with no impact on pathing of monsters- each spot can only build certain towers, so not a ton of flexibility"
,Recommended,310510,17182291,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,MyuFox,"Fun game and I had lots of fun with it. Beware it is full of bug, but for the sale price they are forgivable enough to enjoy the game. However the bugs to keep the game from being one to come back to for months and months on end."
,Recommended,310510,17063571,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Winter Wolves,"Good tower defense / RPG mix. Playable with a gamepad but some skills are difficult to target, since they were clearly designed to be used with mouse. Very fun and long!"
76561198049344349,Not Recommended,310510,17385945,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,bgant,Cant load the second island Program shuts down. Would highly recommend if I could play more
76561197971792903,Not Recommended,310510,17389935,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,BigGuyUhOh™,"This game showed promise (I think) however be aware that there are unresolved bug issues.My purchase was a complete waste of money - the culprit being the notorious Intel graphics 'black screen' crash.What makes this particularly irritating is that it looks like this bug has been around for quite awhile yet there is no resolution in sight.  After waiting a number of months (and trying every single ""fix"" I could find) I have finally deleted all local content.NOT recommended unless you can be reasonably sure it will run on your rig."
76561197971672497,Recommended,310510,17554219,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Manga_John,"Bit of a short Review, but short and sweet, at least thats what my GF tells me...ITs advertised as an RPG Tower Defense Game, while this is technically true its not really a typical tower defense in that you dont build the paths or block exits, you get given a predetermined maze with ""slots"" where you can place certain traps, you get a choice of traps to put in each slot but there is only one or two. Now it sounds like i may be slamming this game but i actually really enjoyed it, its more like a Diablo Defense Game, the RPG side is heavily diablo based (or its derivatives) but it works, its not bloated, its smooth, and while its not the most amazing graphics its pleasing to the eye and doesnt drop framerate (at least not on my rig).Essentially, its Diablo Defense with elements of strategy, I havent tried it CO-OP yet but the custom map builder and scenarios add quite a bit of time to this game.I picked it up on sale for 8 quid (GBP for you non brits). And to be honest i would of been happy paying the full 15. If you liked diablo and fancy something that isnt too taxing but a fair bit of fun definitely give this a look."
,Recommended,310510,17558644,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ppickeri,"Only played a few hours but this is suuuper fun. Lots of depth and replay value from what I can tell already. Was lucky and got it on sale for $10 - which is a total steal for this game. If you like Diablo and Tower Defense games, this is a must have."
76561198082099555,Recommended,310510,17566171,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,joshua.moudy.39,"Deathtrap is a mixture between RPG and Tower defense with a mixture of features seen in the Diablo games. As a matter of fact, playing this game all the way through, you WILL come across some similarities between this game, the old fashion tower defense genre, and Diablo 3.  And, surprisingly enough, it all comes out great."
76561198244892152,Not Recommended,310510,17560953,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,NoQuarter,Deathtrap is an incrediable fusion of genres. It's a tower defence with an action role-playing hack and slash minor feature to it. I would recommend this game but... it crashes too much.
,Recommended,310510,17577734,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Wu Ziheng,"An addictive take on the traditional tower defense game.You play a guardian who must defend his portal by constructing traps and by fighting hordes of monsters with various weaponry. This game is simply brilliant.+ Interesting story+ Nice variety of towers and upgrades+ 3 different classes to play as- Graphics are ok, nothing to write home about- A lot of trial and error is needed"
,Recommended,310510,17578090,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Khaos,Amazing game! Totally incredible! This game combines Diablo with tower defense in an incredibly fun and replayable way! I love this game and I will enjoy many hours of playtime!
,Recommended,310510,17593841,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,loktar,"If you like action RPG's such as Diablo, and Tower Defense games, this is a must buy! Amazing game! I haven't enjoyed a tower defense game this much in a while. This is the first tower defence game I've played that actually has an end game, its so crazy the amount of content packed into it. I could go on and on with the positives.. but I need to get back to playing!"
76561197993614494,Recommended,310510,17606568,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,BuRnT,"Just ok.  Several other similar games are way better, but this isn't horrible."
76561198035697433,Recommended,310510,18350121,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,SP2244,"Fun for the first 20 hours of gameplay , once I cleared the first round of map and 1/2 2nd It start to seem very repetitive, nothing new.  They try to give you new traps to build but you quickly learn better to have a few good traps than many are lower levels.  I max out the trap with the werewolfs - they are great for slowing enemy and killing them, best trap of all.  So for the price, well worth it!"
,Recommended,310510,16282802,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,INVNTIV,"Holy crap! What an interesting concept. I have never really liked Tower Defense games, but this one has such a great RPG aspect to it that I am really enjoying it. The idea is executed quite well. While the graphics could use some optimization, it is overally pretty cool looking. If you like Tower defense and RPG games, this is a must-try. Very refreshing game in a world of overdone and poorly executed ideas.Overall grade so far: B+"
,Recommended,310510,15961061,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Kaeru,"Tower defense meets Diablo, and it is a whole lot of fun too! Upgrade your tower, skills and gear. Upgrade every the thing!"
76561198055045460,Recommended,310510,15814577,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Useless_priest,"I didn't know 3D Tower Defense as good as 2D! Who did?! This one is superb, I'm promise.P.S.: If you Dungeon Siege 2 fan, give this game some special attention."
76561198073648775,Recommended,310510,15784352,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Suma,"First Impressions...First, I have not played this game enough to write a full review, but at this point I have to say, it does ROCK, even with the bugs and crashes!!!  I fully recommend this game to RPG and TD junkies!!!Deathtrap is a hybrid blend of Action RPG and Tower Defense (TD) at it's finest, with some bugs and crashes.  Although there are traps that can be set, this game does not resemble or play anything like Tecmo's Deception or Trapt games.  It's a pure TD game with a hero you control to help on the battlefield.  Tons of fierce enemies are thrown at you!It feels more like a serious version of Dungeon Defenders, if I was to compare it to anything.  It doesn't have cartoony graphics.  The creatures and bosses look great and are really wicked!  They are out to tear you limb from limb!  They will even stray off their path to attack you!  In large vicious packs!  So watch out!It's kind of like Dungeon Defenders and Sanctum where time is given in between waves to build, but it's much better than both of those games!  It's on a much grander scale.  You do ""not"" have to repair your towers or traps which is nice!!!  You can also build and upgrade while the wave is in progress!The maps are bigger than most maps found in this genre of game, but there are many teleports to get you around fast!  The characters run fast too!  The camera is at a fixed 3rd person, isometric view and you can only zoom in and out a little bit, but this works very well for this game.The weapons and items are randomly generated, so shopping is super fun like it is in the Diablo games!  When you beat the maps, you receive a treasure chest full of goodies every play through!  And you usually get something better than you have!You can replay any of the maps to keep getting experience points and a treasure chest full of goodies!  You won't get anymore skill point though, unless you raise the difficulty.  You only get those the first time you beat a map, but each map difficulty you get more skill points to spend!  It can be a grind, I won't lie, but you do feel the improvements with every upgrade and level up!There are many graphic and sound settings in the options so you can get this game running smooth.  NOTE: I had to turn off the Battle Sounds to keep it from crashing on my iMac. Make a note of that, just in case because many Mac's are crashing…  I also lowered the graphics settings, but didn't really need too.  I advise you to read the forums before purchasing ANY game!Deathtrap is not perfect.  It crashes a lot and has numerous known bugs, but it's super fun to play and build up your character(s)!  You may want to wait for the dev's to work out some of the bugs, but it's one of those games that even with the bugs, it's worth every penny.  If you wait, you'll just end up telling yourself that you wish you had bought it sooner!  You will lose time and some advancement due to crashes and freezes, so keep that in mind if this frustrates you!Deathtrap has strong RPG elements with skill tree's and traps, coupled with decent TD features.  It should!  It's made by NeocoreGames, the same dev's that created the Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing game franchise!  A very well known Diablo clone franchise IMO!  It is truly an RPG/TD hybrid genre junkie's dream game if you like that combo of gameplay.  It works very well here!There are only three character's to choose from.  They are the Sorceress, the Mercenary and the Marksman.  Each character is awesome in their own right.  They have different skills, but share the same traps and summon traps.  At least in the first tier of abilities.  I haven't played each one long enough to comment on them too much.Each ability, trap and summon trap have upgrade unlocks outside of the game maps, so you can upgrade them inside the maps.  Each ability, trap and summon traps have 3 types of upgrades and 3 levels of upgrades per type.There are some traps that summon creatures, archers, etc.  So there is help on the battlefield, and yes it is a battlefield with fierce enemies from the Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing world!  Cool game for RPG/TD junkies!The main reason I wrote this was because of all the people complaining about the crashes.  It is well worth the price and the dev's will fix this game.  You can tell a lot of love went into this game!Here are my system specifications: Apple iMac, i5 Quad-Core Intel processor 3.1GHZ, AMD Radeon HD 6970M with 1GB dedicated video RAM, 4GB system RAM, 1TB hard drive running OS X version 10.6.8 (Snow Leopard), Journaled HFS+ Extended file system, Logitech optical mouse."
76561197984855740,Recommended,310510,15742892,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,freddy6toes,Game wouldn't launch after install.  No big deal.  Fixed that with a registry edit.
,Recommended,310510,15736028,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,<K4/>,For those who seek the meaning of life.... Seek no furthereat - sleep - Deathtrap - REPEAT !!!!!!
76561198097438171,Recommended,310510,15805759,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,KingHades,"Tower defense + character in battle = FUN. This game is tons of fun with a lot of replay value. Your class can dictate a lot of your playstyle as well as which traps work best for you. The tier system ensures that you can the same map several times and it will feel fresh at each new tier. The optional quests add one more fun, challenging element to encourage you to go back and beat the same map one more time with a unique handicap."
,Recommended,310510,15918097,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Drumstix42,"Probably one my favorite TowerDefense-RPG hybrid games overall. Equal parts tower and action with your character.My biggest issue is what to do once you've 3-starred everything, and reached max level (AKA beat the game). You're basically left with competing on the leaderboards, doing survival, and farming some God-like items. Most TD games are like this though, it's gotta end somewhere right? Takes a lot of hours to get to that point, so I'm very satisfied with the price tag.Decent balance throughout the game. Ramps up in multiplayer.Great skill/tower tree and item stat variability. Though it seems pointless to do anything but max your damage output and elemental skill related to your abilities.Also A+++++ for allowing the use of BOTH keyboard movement and click-to-move.I wish Torchlight/Diablo had this option. I would probably play them much more. It's clutch to be able to aim and move in different directions if wanted, and it's so much less strain on the wrist overall."
76561198034291138,Recommended,310510,15617716,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,discovery26,Very good game. It's get harder each Tier(Level) and later need some real planning and trials to beat the next map.I've finished the game with Sorc and Merc and almost done with Marksman.Not many players so very hard to get multiplayer game.
,Recommended,310510,15729634,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Dosman,I liked it
,Recommended,310510,15733053,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Forebode,"the game is oneof the better TD's out there.  It's partially a planning TD, but you will tend to use your hero quite a bit.  If you're like me and find the hero mechanic to be too OP, less about planning more about exploiting areas... there's Gemcraft, sure its low res.. but its much more fun.  If you like Vanhelsing, the graphics match this game.   Dislike that theres no top down, view all mode."
,Recommended,310510,15729568,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,IDSPISPOPD,"Brutal tower defense with tons of content and hours of gameplay. Single and co-op, a killer art style, multiple upgradable characters and a decent amount of options set this apart from other TD games. Feels like a full core game you can play for hours not just a casual ""10 minutes at a time"" kind of experience like some TD games out there. Buy a copy for a buddy, you wont be sorry."
,Recommended,310510,15872598,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,OAZA SPOKOJU,"At start when I finished tier 1 of this game I was like - this game is not bad not good. I thought another tiers would be just a bit harder and there would be nothing new to find.Tier 2,3,4 are gradually increasing level of difficulty by for example allowing you to only use one / two type of the traps. There are more paths that monsters can use. They have also ofc more health and they are respawning that way that it is very hard to defend your liar.Pluses+ lot's of innovative ideas+ lot's of skill tinkering+ lot's of traps+ innovative crafting systemMinuses- multiplayer doesn't exist:a) there is no mp lobbyb) after you click search you don't even know if there is one person in the world looking for the game which makes you wonder if you gonna wait 10 hours for the game or 10 seconds. I tried a few times and I NEVER got into mp game- very boring endless mode which is also the best way to level character- bugged accessories tab when you don't have any recipe yet"
76561197971031498,Recommended,310510,15799013,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Loreas,"Noooo rest for the wicked!!! This succulent tower defense game won't let your hero sit back and enjoy the slaughter of the enemies by the wicked traps strategically placed by you. Nay, nay, nay! Your avatar will have to come to the rescue and jump non-stop into the action! Huge fun!Next to that, the game is so yummy complicated and stacked with RPG elements to keep your attention going for a long, long time.Love it.Buy it.Now."
,Recommended,310510,14365756,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,RetirementNoir:PruneJuice+Murder,A very fun turret defence game! Rates as highly as defender's quest valley of the forgotten.
,Recommended,310510,14370820,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Sanic,Game is nice
,Recommended,310510,14371594,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,SemperPie,"Deathtrap combines the elements of tower defense and RPGs, making gameplay utterly unique. Controls are easy to understand, and the ""towers"", each of them have their own strength and weaknesses. It balances perfectly. I love how each button is assigned a hotkey for new players to follow.This is a very good game. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,310510,14378068,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Mike Horrorible,"I've always been a huge fan of Tower-Defense... and being able to control a character down in the battlefield to pick up kills your towers miss is even better.::Pros::+ All Towers/ Skills/ Abilities are upgradable+ 3 Different classes to level+ Great RPG mechanics+ Steam workshop support::Cons::- Lack of freedom in Tower placement- Unbalanced classes (Merc feels superior as the other 2 are horribly weak)- Seriously, that lack of Choice in where I place my towers... causes a serious trigger for anyone OCD"
76561198003152549,Recommended,310510,14353471,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Banne,Fun
,Recommended,310510,14353898,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Wif,"THE GOOD:  Solid tower defence, RPG elements, side quests, level editor, workshop, decent hack'n'slash, well made, easy to learn.THE BAD:  One game crash (probably my fault), music can get annoying.A fantastic blend of tower defence, han'n'slash and RPG.  Many small considerations have clearly gone into making this game as good as it can be, and that attention to detail is really noticeable."
76561197997551110,Recommended,310510,14548011,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,tonkatsu,Some campatibility / optimization issue with my system. I can play all other games flawlessly I bought from Steam such as Skyrim and Total War Rome 2 but not this one. Will change my comment once game gets patches. Check the technical issue/report forum before you hit the buy button.Update:Came back after a month and seem like the issue has been addressed. Will recommend this game to any TD lover.
76561197971038008,Recommended,310510,15457784,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Immortal_Plus_One,"Great Game!  Tower Defence + RPG with a nice progressive leveling system for you're character.  After you complete the game, you can continue again with same maps but different settings & side quests.  I've put 2 days into this game & am 35% done.  It has a really cool multiplayer, but unfortunatly, not enough people play this so you end up with lower players or higher players ( +- 15 )  I got in a game or 2 being lucky, its pretty cool.  I got it on sale for $17.00 & its worth it.   If you and a couple of friends are looking to start something new @ the same time, This is it.  A good solid months worth of gaming if you play every weekend.  Replayability is there after a break for a few other games ( after you hit level 100 )  ."
,Recommended,310510,15442624,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Nillis,"So far this game’s greatest weakness is its restrictive nature.  Not only can you only build traps on designated tiles, each tile is type specific so the builders of the level have laid out how you must defend more than you.  With this said the game is fun and does have a lot to offer.  You are able to upgrade and unlock traps and upgrade your character.  You are rewarded with experience, gold, and equipment when you successfully defend your gate."
76561197982945795,Recommended,310510,15538035,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,AimlessSolution,"Great concept, good execution.  The controls could use improvement and are a bit frustrating even when you get used to them.  I have enjoyed many hours with the game and really like the blending of RPG/TD.  I look forward to a second one as I feel I have reached the end of my enjoyment with what this game offers even though there are still more difficulties to beat.My biggest complaint is the game goes from easy/moderately difficult to the point of ""why even bother.""  The difficulty keeps advancing while your leveling of character and traps seem to plateu.  This caused me to loose interest in the game as I enjoy a decent challenge but feel that you don't even stand a chance on later levels/difficulties."
76561197981224609,Recommended,310510,15575022,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Royale with Cheese,"Great Coop game.One of the best coop top down rpg element TD games out there. Rivals Dungeon defenders in scale and scope. Now that bugs are gone, game is hours of fun. Game scales with players in army type, count, and map size. One great hidden PC game gem. Controller support (xbox 360 atleast when tested) is very nice. Glad to see the time put in to allow that much detail in controller support and k&m.  Have no negatives. Developer is now adding community made voted maps into the game as well. Teamwork is critical once the bigger maps and difficulties are unlocked. Each story map has countless versions from Basic TD protect gate (casual, normal, hard) to scenarios and endless. Highly recommend for any td fan."
,Recommended,310510,15331352,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Eragnor,This game is probably one of the best games I've played in a long while. It takes aspects of upgrading towers and puts them together with diablo aspects of gear and crafting things for your character. I would recommend this to anyone who likes game you can customize and tower defense games. Only thing I would change is that you have a set location to place traps (towers) where you can pick between different towers of the same kind. With that in mind i suppose it's a good way of balancing the game.
76561197993919579,Recommended,310510,15986989,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,notepad,"Fun game along the style of Orcs Must Die, in that you are not a passive participant but have presence and can shoot enemies.  13 maps are available, but the higher tiers change things around enough that they feel fresh and different.  Workshop integration makes it easier to get custom maps.  Altogether a fun game."
,Recommended,310510,15980811,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,FakeHero,"Hi! FakeHero speaking, one night i was with a friend and decided to check out steam and buy a game just to play for a night, for its price its a great bit of fun to play with a friend (Highly recommend to play with a friend) we enjoyed its gameplay features and rpg taste."
76561198059494983,Recommended,310510,15755703,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Repinski,"As far as tower defense games go, this one is one of the best I have had the pleasure of playing. The action aspect of it is very similar to Diablo as well. Due to this it completely cuts out waiting for things to crash into towers as you are always doing something. Either going after a side objective, or hammering down a boss, or setting up to clear one side while focusing your towers on the other.Very well made and I'll give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,310510,15778120,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Oxohalide,Diablo + Tower Defense = Awesomeness
,Recommended,310510,15781460,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TnB | j0maK,"One of the best TDs available right now, period.It's a cross of a good TD game and Diablo! 13 total levels, but after the first time there are different variations of each level, so I will count them for more. Variations include different spawn points for mobs, different routes, different tower spots, different neutral towers etc. As of this review I'm on the 2nd ""wave"" of replaying it, and apart from the level look, everything is different, including the way needed to beat it.Regarding towers, there's 25 of them, and the final 5 are quite hard to unlock, you will get a good challenge.The RPG element is also very nice, you got 2 different kinds of points, one for your traps (aka towers) and one for your character. Every battle won awards you with both kinds. You get item drops with a (seemingly) random item generator, rare items, a shop available, and even crafting!On a side note, I actually enjoyed playing the game with my XBOne gamepad. Classic keyboard and mouse is also fine as well, but the fact that you control a character makes it good fun with the gamepad as well.Oh, and absolutely ZERO microtransactions. Nothing, nada.GJ devs, count me in for the next one too."
76561198064669310,Recommended,310510,17973127,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Lapidos,"i'm not saying its the best game i ever played but it has about zero mistakes, lots of game makes stuff annoying and i can't find a single thing to complain about this game."
76561197970924275,Recommended,310510,18805587,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Arcwelder,"I enjoyed the areas of Van Helsing, and thought ""why don't they make a whole game like this.""Good times, if you like tower defense with a hero."
76561198006606571,Recommended,310510,15221980,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DJ Disco Snake,"After a difficult start trying to play this game.  I Needed to fix some regedit features and can only run 32 bit mode if I want the steam overlay, that hurt right off the bat, and that was frustraiting.But the game itself is amazing.  A merger between tower defense and that diablo style isometric RPG dungeon crawl. It has aspects that I really like from things like Dungeon Defenders, Scantum 2, and  Defense Grid combined with some really fun gameplay similar to torchlight or diablo.  I really approve of the steam punk motief and graphic design.  The GUI seems a bit unintuitive at times and there have been a couple bugs, but overall I can't get enough.I'm in love with this game.  It seems to have a good balence of skills and character development.  Graphics are decent, gamplay is incredible, music is good, voice acting slightly melodramatic but present."
76561198009005348,Recommended,310510,15224193,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Vashta_Nerada,Very fun. Its a bit like Diablo crossed with a tower defense game. Though the multiplayer match making could use some work.
76561198028121728,Recommended,310510,15242744,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,RunfromChron,get it
,Recommended,310510,15245242,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,D.e.v.i.O.S ,Dungeon Defenders Classic meets Diablo 2and I love both DeathTrap is a Top down Wave based Survial RPG with only 3 class'At the moment but so many skills and trap point  based skills this will have you begging for more.
,Recommended,310510,15246636,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Dunlavy,"Deathtrap is an obscene amount of fun!Seemingly endless ways to upgrade and different character classes provide for a tower defense game that actually has replay value (and at $20, you'll stretch your entertainment budget further).Gameplay is a twist of ""Orcs Must Die"" and ""Diablo,"" but it feels like a lot of thought went into the mechanics."
,Recommended,310510,15228212,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,koslain,A good tower defence game I can play since Starcraft broodwar mods.
,Recommended,310510,15228668,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,"Pure Quaternion, Ph.D.",Diablo meets Tower Defense.  It's awesome.
,Recommended,310510,15234852,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,[PS] Anatares,Instant addiction. It's like a cross between Defense Grid and Diablo.
76561197961030013,Recommended,310510,14876502,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Genesis,"Orcs Must Die meets Diablo, who knows that could be a thing?! They pulled it off quite nicely in this well polished game. It's actually quite fun!"
76561198065732254,Recommended,310510,15280960,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,briancastle1966,"A brilliant new take on tower defence games. Really get engrossed and enjoy this game, got it with money off too, even better lol. I'd say it's worth the full price though."
76561198077247152,Recommended,310510,15218785,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Vendance_Slimsy,"(Please bear with me as this is my first review)Do you like games that will remind you of Diablo? (More specifically Diablo 2)Do you like Tower Defense Games?Have you ever wanted a mix?Well wait no more! This is it, and not bad at all.Although the game does get a little simple and repetitive after a while, I would still recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the games mentioned above. Pretty much, you can farm the first 3 levels for gear to sell and make a bunch of money, to which you become pretty much over powered by being able to buy all that good stuff in the store.Highly recommend this game to anyone who looks at it and is thinking ""Not sure if this is good, it looks good but there are like 3 reviews that are bad"" because most of those bugs tend to be fixed, the multiplayer works as long as you have a good internet connection."
76561197960689722,Recommended,310510,15204130,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,AshMaker,Fun indepth tower defense with a diablo feel for the charector you control.  RPG fans will enjoy as well as tower defense experts.  I just hope more people buy the game so it is easier to find a coop match.
,Recommended,310510,15254732,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Xariann,"Tower Defense game meets Diablo style gameplay. Pick a class, choose from a pool of skills and build your character. Towers and traps are an aid but you will have to actively fight with your character to win. Recommend it for those who like to be in the thick of the fight but also like tower defense.Unlike Sanctum this is not a shooter, as I mentioned before it's more reminiscent of games such a Diablo in terms of actual gameplay, including how higher difficulty modes are only available after you finished the game on casual mode. After you finished the campaign, you can then replay the scenarios separately with various handicaps which give you increase rewards.No actual story, just the premise that tells you what is happening in this gameworld. Despite that, I found they captured the feeling of the lone warrior that is working in the shadows to save the world.Don't let this misguide you though, there is a co-op mode."
76561197961553596,Recommended,310510,15269361,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Leon.Phelps,Diablo meets Defense Grid.  Can't stop playing.  Dehydration has set in.  Goodbye cruel world.
76561198061925114,Recommended,310510,15308734,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Lifes Fallout,"TLDR: Skill points for your class as you level, Research Points to level your traps as you do missions, top down RPG/Tower Defense. Lots of fun and replayability. Easy multiplayer options if you want to play with your friends. Not much of a story here, but gameplay makes up for it. 8/10I'm not going to lie, I never heard of this game until I got a coupon for it. Let me tell you though, as a fan of Dungeon Defenders and Diablo, this game surprised me with how addictingly fun it can be.You start out being able to pick between 3 different classes, each with their own unique set of skills that you can spend skill points into and build in whatever way you want, although there are some skills that are shared between the classes or some that are similar with slightly different tweaks. You unlock tier 2 and 3 skill trees at levels 10 and 20 to further your customization as well. You earn 3 skill points per level and each skill caps at 10.Then you also of course get your traps that you get to setup throughout the level (Although my only complaint is that you can't build them anywhere, each map gives you certain points that you must build from). There are 4 different categories of traps and 4 tiers of each category that you have to hit certain benchmarks in your games to unlock (For example: Kill 500 enemies with nontraps). The only way to get more ""Research points"" to level up your traps is to get high star ratings in each level or completing side-quests.The ""Campaign"" doesn't really have a story, although they do give you a little something to work with as to why your characters are building defenses and protecting their base. Once you get through all the levels, the game does unlock some additional maps that you can play on as well, I think even 1 or 2 of them are community creations that made it into the game. You also can go back through each level and play the ""Tier 2"" version of the map, kind of like a ""New Game +"" but you can still play the easy version of the maps. You can do this until you get to ""Tier 4"", which is nice because the monsters in the campaign mode don't scale with your level.Once you hit level 20 though, the game unlocks ""Scenario mode"" and ""Endless mode"" for each map. ""Scenario mode"" is really cool, the mobs scale with your level so you will always get loot for your level at the end. What makes this mode cool though is you get 3 categories to increase Either your Gold Find, Magic Find, or EXP gain by making the level slightly harder. Then of course ""Endless mode"" is exactly what you would think it is, endless waves of increasingly difficult enemies. Easy way to power level if you do well, but since you only get Research Points for your traps by doing campaign, its not something thats just OP. Although having a level 60 character in maps with level 20-30 monsters makes it to where you can rely on your character alot more than your traps."
76561197982881272,Recommended,310510,14284096,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Karmana,Fun game.  Love the mix of tower defence and RPG elements.  Would be nice if the spawn points and/or the maps could randomize each go.Overall looking forward to release in a few days.
,Recommended,310510,15104003,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Murica,Their matchmaking is broken and the game can be very conufusing but it's still the only game like it and wish I could buy it for all of my friends.
76561197971450461,Recommended,310510,16298632,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Leto Tha Sec0nd,"An intense fun active Tower Defense game with action RPG elements. I'm a tower defense addict and this game is on the top for me.The plus :- The game doesn't hold your hand too much, yet mechanics are very clear.- A lot of freedom how to approach the game, especially after the initial levels. You can spend skill point and trap points to suit your style of play.- You won't finish the game fast, the game has 3 classes, the 13 levels have 4 tiers, customisable scenario modes and endless mode and there are some additional separate scenarios as well when you finish the game on tier 1. And if you still can't get enough you can make your own levels or download some from the steam workshop.- The loot and craft system add another layer on top of everything.- You can play the game at three speeds (50%, 100% and 200%) to save time or get through harder parts easier.- The battle music is awesome and intense.- Level design is really good, the levels feels very balanced.The minus :- Although the music is awesome there is only one track for menu and one for battle.- There are three difficulties but you actually need to play on hard if you want 3 stars, that renders the difficulty levels and stars system kind of redundant. The game feels like it needs to be played on hard. Normal is pretty easy, especially if you are used playing ARPG's.- 'Sidequests' are pretty mandatory because you get a lot of trap points from them which you will need, and in many cases they feel like a waste of time. This is a pretty minor complaint though, some of the sidequests are a good learning experience.Conclusion :This game is very well put together, both tower defense and APRG fans will find very big value for money in this game. It's the best Neocore game in my humble opinion."
76561198010023963,Recommended,310510,16253044,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,CSE Lucky Charm,"It's like Defense Grid & Adventres of Van Helsing mashed together, totally awesome!!!"
76561197971207419,Recommended,310510,14764530,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,bobbysplode,"The first time I played this game, it didn't really grab me, but I decided to give it a second chance. I've ""only"" played it for 11.6 hours as of this writing, but you should know that most of them came in single sitting: the Second Chance. Owning me completely. Just plain fun. Going back in. Should be at work."
76561198015220651,Recommended,310510,14806408,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,meeelting,Really fun!In-depth towerdefense gameplay combined with Diablo 2-esque characters. Really fun in coop.Lots of customization and ways to play it. That's the way I like it!
,Recommended,310510,14822263,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,coop,"Thorougly enjoyable game. Like X-hero siege and TD had a baby. I love tower defense games, this is awesome. My favourite TD game is still YouTD in WC3 though"
,Recommended,310510,14923911,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Reebo,"Great game,   The description of orcs Must Die meets Diablo is exactly right on the nose.  The wife and I have been playing for a while and we love it.  It's very well balanced.  SOme exhillerating moments as we barely pull off stopping stuff about to reach our gates.  I'm surprised as how well they balanced the hectic action so that the missions are winnable but not too easy."
,Recommended,310510,15088159,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,purification:),Nice game!
,Recommended,310510,14754937,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Pmo,"Overall impression: Money well spent and would recommend to a friend.The good: The visual on the destruction with the towers is amazing. No lag in the gameplay whatsoever! I throughly enjoyed the different levels and i like the concept of being player levels and playing co-op.The bad: The store and your stash are so laggy, it took me FOREVER to change out items after earning them. I wish it were easier to swap items and i hope Neocoregames addresses that issue soon.Gameplay: 11/10Changing inventory: 0.5/10"
,Recommended,310510,14940480,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,MrZZ,"Great tower defense where you get a Diablo 2-esque hero who levels up seperatley from your traps. A lot of content and different game modes. You also get the option to do side quests or challanges which provides and extra layer of challange. The only complaint is the lack of multiplayer. I've only managed to get a few games with random people and each time there was a level difference between the team. If you don't plan on bringing friends, then you'll most likely be playing alone.Even as a single player game, it is really well done, polished and quite balanced. It let's you respec, experiment and try out different play styles.9/10"
76561198014462318,Recommended,310510,15006303,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,bluepeyton,One of my favorite tower deffence games. my only gripe is that its a bit to short.
,Recommended,310510,14953119,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,deniedtechniq,"D2 meets tower defense. For 20 bucks.,,its a must if you're like me and grew up on SC / WC3 tower ds."
76561198142496596,Recommended,310510,15016681,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Gajirra,"Like most of the other review mention, this has a very D2 /  WC tower defense feel to it.  Maps progressively get more challenging and if you've been hankering for a good tower d game, this is definetely it.  Buy it, play it, beat it."
76561198035396956,Recommended,310510,15122511,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,WizzardNZ,Its Cool.
76561197970685560,Recommended,310510,15117334,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,iorek,"A Real hidden Gem if you like Action/Tower defensePretty much like Dungeon defenders, Sanctum, Orcs must die, but leans more towards its diablo clone roots, with gear and skill tree progression.It has 3 different classes with different mechanics, tower focus and loads of skills, spells, powers, upgrades etc.It has a good range of maps and solid playability completing the game 4 times with new spawns and map routes.It does kinda lack an endgame, once you have completed everything endless is a bit dull, and once you have unlocked all of the towers, there are a few power combos that make the game really easy.One of my main complaints is the game is very easy, and the ""end boss"" at the end of most levels is weak."
76561197993299430,Recommended,310510,19724965,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,SquishyEye,"I like this game. It's not orcs must die, but it's good. I'm more into ""get in there and headshot my enemies"" than ""diablo-style clicking around"", but after putting 50 hours into this I am only now starting to get bored (so it managed to keep my attention for this long!).The good:Decent trap ideas.Fun challenges on higher levels of difficulty, such as ""you can only build this one kind of trap! and we will send a ton of very specific enemies at you. Good luck.""Fun inventory management: collecting/buying items to boost hero skills and trap levels.A ton of options for upgrades: every trap has 4 things to level up.Amusing voice acting (that sorceress was so flustered and yet so driven!).Side quests on missions.Availability of PVP.Level editor!Good soundtrack.Scenario mode allows players to increase map difficulty in specific ways for higher rewards, (i.e. ""enemies have a 30% chance of respawning! but you also get a bonus to XP. Your choice."").The not-so-good:I prefer being able to choose which traps i place and where, but this game restricts you to a few pre-defined slots, and the slots are restriced to a specific type of trap (so you have to choose 1 out of 5). It's fun later on to be restricted, as it's a greater challenge, but it was kind of boring on the first playthrough. I wish there was more freedom, at least in the beginning.Endless mode isn't much fun (this is where Orcs Must Die did much better). Here they use that stupid idea that to make a game more difficult one must exponentially increase the enemy life bar. So once you get to higher waves - the traps do pretty much nothing, and i personally got really bored sitting there clicking on the same little nobody (the guy that should die in one hit), waiting for him to die for like 5 minutes.Gets repetitive as there are only 13 campaign maps and then you just replay them 4 times on higher difficulties. (Yes, there are also 5 more maps that open up after 1st playthrough,  but you can only do them in Scenario-mode.)Anyway, overall it's a good buy if you're into tower defense and don't mind Diablo combat."
,Recommended,310510,22189702,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jon Snow,"10/10 blood and gutsSeriously though, one of the best Action TD games I've played.3 characters that all feel different, sooo many towers and upgrades which allow you to really have a stragedy instead of just placing slow towers by a corner surrounded by AOE towers, that won't work in this game and really you can't even do it most of the time!The only negative which could be a big enough negative for some to not play it, is that you can't place towers where ever you want, and you can only place towers of a specific kind where the map allows you. Coming from old TDs map mods from SC2 and WC3 it was a pretty big let down that the map was already pre-determining my stragedy for me.Other than that, as you can see I've played this game a lot, its fun to make some coffee, and play for an hour or two then log off."
,Recommended,310510,27334205,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Darius,"I dont know, I am not realy a big on reviews.Well you know how when you go solo out and party and there is your friends sister? So you are like meh... its just friends sister.Then after few days you go with your budies to your friends house and his sister is there? So you are like heh she is the only girl why not give it a go :)Game is like that... Play it solo and it is akwaird and boring... But when you are with friends its much better."
,Recommended,310510,27256337,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Preyhamster,A fun TD game that also allows you to interact with the fights yourself either fighting with your character or using it to buff towers and use abilities. even though i didnt put too much time into it because of the grindy nature of it i still feel like i got my moneys worth out of sheer fun i had during that time.
,Recommended,310510,26988983,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CDSK,"I grew up on the likes of Diablo and Titan Quest, while my time these days only allows for a quick paced round of Tower Defense. This game hits that sweet spot right in the middle. My wife, of which has a hard time picking up a lot of games, also enjoys this immensely, joining me in epic waves of monster killing fun.The only downside I've found, which falls solely on my taste,  is that you are unable to place towers at will, instead you must put them in pre-designed locations along the path."
76561198068981892,Recommended,310510,26739286,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,AbacartheWizard,"Amazing, highly detailed tower defense. Three character classes, level up to 100, unlock new traps and upgrade them. Magic items can be found, bought or crafted. Great crafting system and character build with skill tree.This game looks a lot like Path of Exile. I'm not sure but I think the same people made both games. A lot of the graphics and interface are very similar between these two great games."
76561197976225811,Recommended,310510,23740726,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,soulbash,If you like tower defense this has a Orcs Must Die feel with Van Helsing cast and skill tree.
76561198044709703,Recommended,310510,25085628,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Deadeyes the Clown,"Picked this up during a sale because it looked interesting. As a mixure of tower defense and ARPG it seemed to strike a decent balance between the two. Its a fun co-op game, with three classes to choose from. Though those classes are pretty generic (melee, ranged, and magic). The skill variety wasn't anything to get excited about but it provided enough to make a unique character if you wanted to.There are however numerous bugs in the game, some of them game breaking. And the balancing of your character compared to the monsters is grossly out of whack (characters are far too strong). It definetly feels like the game could have used much more polish.Overall though its a fun game to play through with some friends, it doesn't have much replayability so I'd recommend picking it up on a sale."
,Recommended,310510,25127962,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,◕ 2punky4y✿u ◕ ®,Very nice  game all i can say ;)
76561198125942077,Recommended,310510,24820108,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,BlackBlaze,Great Tower Defense Game!Love the RPG element and their multiplayer functions.Can't wait to see what else they do with this game.Would like to see an options to play versus your friends directly instead of only random match's.
,Recommended,310510,26238020,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Dubya_Tea_Efff,"Not really sure when or how I ended up purchasing this game, but I didn't even install and give it a try until recently, and I'm blown away by the hidden gem I had been sitting on for a long time.  Big fan of the ARPG genre with games like Diablo, Titan Quest, Van Helsing (same developer as Deathtrap) and many others, and a big fan of the Tower Defense genre, with my most of my time in the Dungeon Defender series, I was extremely happy to see a really nice combination of the two.  I would highly recommend this if you're remotely interested in both the ARGP and TD genres."
,Recommended,310510,19355494,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Tyrant1106GITGG,"I am not a big fan of the tower defense part in THE INCREDIBLE ADVANTURES OF VAN HELSING; however, I kinda like it when it becomes an independent game."
76561198038369707,Recommended,310510,19374496,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,360NoScope31!73,Fun tower defense game you can make community shared maps. Buy it if you like tower defense games for sure!
,Recommended,310510,21270227,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Makoo,This a quite nice Tower Defense game and I really quite like it.It have a persistent level system and you pickw hat you want for the levels you play and survive. They have endless modes and such.
76561198037841541,Recommended,310510,21187659,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Adex,"Single player only review.I really enjoyed this game. It was basically a tower defence game mixed with Diablo.The single player story wasn't very long and I was wishing for more when I finished it. However, with the mods people have for extra levels and the multiplayer mode there is enough content to keep you busy for awhile."
76561198132584106,Recommended,310510,19772772,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Jeremiah Gottwald,"Looks FANTASTIC! SEEMS LIKE GREAT FUN! but personally my screen blacks out every 2 mins...so what little i was able to play (pausesing every 2 min then tabbing out to fix screen,) it was good, fun (i think very hard to tell cause of the interuptions) i love this genre BUT!Can i recommend the game when it barely lets me play?Not really...it SEEMS fun and look great but... i just can play it and therefore recomend it-if i find a better solution to the problem this will be changed! (btw its only in game-play it blacks out menus Fine!)EDIT: well the game blacking out got a bit lest common and after turning down the graphics it stopped completely. so i do recomend Deathtrap, great art style and gameplay!"
,Recommended,310510,19968660,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Totalani,Amazing game!
,Recommended,310510,20033965,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,brekko,"Great game! It's a shame there isn't a larger player base because surprisingly the multiplayer ACTUALLY WORKS.  It's sad this is a surprise these days, but many multiplayer systems, especially those that attempt to integrate with steam seem to be very clunky and operate spotty at best.  Here you have a great example of a simple, effective group system.  Nothing super innovative in the actual gameplay just a good combination of static pathed tower defense with third person wave killing.  Feels very similar to playing Smite.  The fact that the mobs will move out of path and chase you down for a period is an interesting addition.  Would highly recommend this game, especially on sale!"
76561198020506980,Recommended,310510,26488063,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Oybluz,Super fun action TD with cool concepts.
76561198006408236,Recommended,310510,26616410,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,TypoDiane,"The quickest description of this is Diablo Tower Defence. If that sounds interesting then you'll like this game. I haven't tried multiplayer on it yet, but I'm enjoying it greatly."
76561198017232245,Recommended,310510,26595454,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,NoLimpers,"I do recommend this game.  I'm about 55% of the way through and have enjoyed it.  But, then I hit Tier 3 level 4 and the game difficulty blew up.  I've gone through 29 maps on Hard with a little trouble hear and there, but with refined strategies that got me through.  Now this level - no chance.  I'm not even remotely close, despite 5 attempts with vastly different strategies.  I even went through some side quests to gain 10 levels, craft a bunch of more powerful gear and try again.  That got me about 2% closer.  On the discussion boards, I'm definitely not the first to have this problem.  The developers seem pretty smug and unhelpful, and don't seem to be considering nerfing this level a bit.  So, I'm done.  And that's fine - it was worth the $10 or so I paid for it.  But I thought a review might get the developers to consider a fix."
76561198052897320,Recommended,310510,25920046,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gothickitten:),"i can not recommend this game enough, its cheap but its good fun! I am rather surprised that it is so cheap, considering the amount of enjoyment i am getting out of it! this game is really worth buying  if you like challenging tower defence games :)i have only played for just over 7 hours over the course of a 3 days and im in love with it. Great game for something to do after work!"
76561197987324453,Recommended,310510,27564967,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Iceq,"This game is one of the most enjoyable games I ve found! The tower defense element along with shooter and spells make it alot of fun to play. The look of the game is truely unique with almost a steam punk look in menus and alittle warhammer as well a rpg fantasy all rolled into one. Graphics and sound are great. the discussion forums are full of technical issues, but hopefully neocore will address them as they are able. I have had no problem with windows 10 running it, and only a problem exciting game on windows 7. On sale definetly worth trying!"
,Recommended,310510,29016786,Posted: 4 January,all,ikeboy,"9/10One of the best tower defense games ever made. Get this if you loved Defense Grid.ProsLong replayability after finishing the campaign. You can play different scenarios and keep leveling up.Plenty of trap upgrades and hero skills.Two player campaign coopConsTower placements are fixed, you only have a choice of building towers on a few pre-selected tiles."
,Recommended,310510,28992364,Posted: 3 January,all,Mush,"I very much enjoy this game!  Its a fun take on tower defense, with heros!  Usually I don't care for the 'micromanagement' of towers and units or a unit, especially when it requires direct control for attacking and using skills.  Having said this, Deathtrap manages to keep a good pace and the towers/traps don't have micro themselves, overall I find it to be a pretty well balanced game; sometimes you hit a point in the campaign and think 'how the &*@% am i supposed to do this differetly/better', especially trying to three star some maps, but challenge is part of the fun!  And I haven't hit an 'impossible' level........yet :PI cannot speak to multiplayer or PvP as I have not played either, but as a single player game I do thoroughly enjoy it.  At the point of writing this, I have about 9 hours logged in the game.  If the hours logged end up showing 100+, which would be typical for me for a good TD (as long as there is enough content/replayability) I would definitely consider this a 'favorite TD' of mine.TL; DR - its like a 2 dimensional version of 'Orcs Must Die!', but with a lot less freedom on where you can set traps and towers."
76561198268558909,Recommended,310510,29502612,Posted: 26 January,all,scorpio 653,I really enjoy playing this game.  Most of all with my friends I find that the co-op is a great way to play through the game.
76561198062731963,Recommended,310510,31120180,Posted: 13 April,all,PwnedNewb,Deathtrap promises many hours of fun multiplayer gameplay if you can see past several bugs. 7/10
76561198025169424,Not Recommended,310510,19219088,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Sthenic,"This game is fun and addictive. Terribly so and you would have a great time. Initially. However, the bugs would get to you eventually and when you are three hours into a marathon killing session and yet one more bug crashes your game? Well, then it's just not that much fun anymore. Fortunately for me, these days the game won't even launch."
76561198130143373,Recommended,310510,31874186,Posted: 20 May,all,Tolls,love the game  wish the match system was a tad better  and more player played still
76561198006682026,Recommended,310510,17565201,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Athos42,"I'd give this game a 7 out of 10. Not bad you say? It is not bad at all, but it could have been so much better with a single little feature. More later.The optic of the game is nothing new to you if you know a Van Helsing game. It's the same engine and is absolutely sufficient for a Tower Defense game.As is the sound. Played Van Helsing? Most likely you've heard it all.The gameplay? An improved version of the Tower Defense in VH1+VH2. You place your traps, you start the waves, and if you're good you win and get gold, items and two kinds of experience points. One to upgrade your trap designs, and one  to upgrade your character. The character is similar to a hack&slay character of other games including VH1+2, but a bit dumbed down. There is not that much customization: a Mercenary will always be a melee fighter and a Sorceress will always hurl spells from far away.When you win, you get a chest with items. Here is where the games starts to get a bit boring: I expected that every enemy has a chance to drop loot, but they don't. Normal wave monsters drop nothing at all, only special bosses and the final boss of the wave. For me, that takes a lot of fun out of the game. Is does not matter how many enemies you slay, you only get one loot chest. If you complete side quests on the map you might get up to three chests.We now come to the point that kind of broke the game for me and some friends. In the game included is a really good level editor that lets you design your own maps, waves, even monsters. You can upload the map to Steam Workshop to share with others. Great you say? Well it should be... hadn't the devs thought it would be a great idea TO OFFER ABSOLUTELY NOW REWARD WHATSOEVER for finishing a custom map. No items, no experience points, no gold, no trap upgrade points. Zero, nothing.The explanation of the devs: there is a ranked ladder, and with custom maps one could make a farming map, getting stronger and with better items and so climb the ladder without effort. Oooook. And that's from the same Devs that did not even wipe the ladder since Alpha phase when custom maps still gave full loot. And when several other cheats were still possible. It would have been sooooo easy: you could have marked your character as ""non-ranked"" and have fun with full loot custom maps together with your buddys. If you want to cheat and wade in tons of loot, just do so. You only cheat yourself with making your own game boring.I have bought this game especially because of the custom maps, and with no word the devs said that these custom maps would just be a major time sink without reward. There would have been a huge community, sharing via Steam Workshop and giving hundreds of new maps each month. As it is now, I can sink huge times into a custom map and my character does not improve the slighest little bit. That's if I played Diablo 3 with disabled loot and experience gain.So would I recommend this game? Yes I would. But the word ""failed opportunity"" would always be inside this recommendation."
76561198011331020,Recommended,310510,33252669,Posted: 4 July,all,caliga667,"Actually one of the best tower defense games I have ever played. Yes, you might have to grind to make it with perfect ratings on harder difficulties, but the fun ramps up when you have more unlocked options. Not much character development or plot, but that is not important in this game. Just have fun with it as a tower defense game."
76561198060922164,Recommended,310510,33507487,Posted: 13 July,all,BLaaR,"Ohhh yes.So glad this made it to a stand alone game. When I first played van Helsing I enjoyed the mini tower defense game within the game.I have not played as much as I wanted too, but thus far I would recommend it to any one who loves tower defense games.Thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,310510,34095385,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"A new take on the tower defense genre. Lots of fun and a serious challenge as you advance. Locking a single character to a savegame is unfortunate, can't try them all, but the TD is the main game."
76561198054382565,Recommended,310510,35350614,Posted: 30 September,all,ZKingOdin,"I loved playing this game.To be honest it is by far my favorite TD game.The levels felt unique, fun, they had their own unique challenges.You had to work around each character & almost specialist each skill tree the same way.The game offers a large variety, sometimes you'll find yourself replaying a level because you sliped up one time, but thats the great part about this game.Every level almost has a learning curve, every level can be played by one of the characters in a unique way.Why do I only have 74.6 hours in this game at the moment.... BECAUSE all of a sudden the game would just crash.I would have never stopped playing this game if it wasn't for it. and for almost a year every few weeks I want to play this game but I can't. The game has some kind of comparability issue withI stopped playing in Oct 2016... and I miss the game.Below is a thread I posted related to the issue I was having sadly. I think the Dev's gave up on the game but maybe I'm mistaken.http://steamcommunity.com/app/310510/discussions/0/305509857563705960/?tscn=1478037600"
