user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198041231280,Recommended,310560,15654182,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,:Dolan,"I Recommend this game!Awesome Features like:-No rewind-Stages last for more than 2 mins-You don't need to win to progress the career-Night driving-No more Kenblock-No more ""HEY THAT ROCKED, POST THAT FOOTAGE ON YOUTUBE""-Really great physics, graphics and soundsThe best use of early access I have ever seen. Thank you Codemasters <3"
,Recommended,310560,19547661,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MoeFo,"Ever watched rally on telly and thought, 'pfff, doesn't look so hard...'?Buy this game. Buy a decent steering wheel. Discover a whole new level of respect for crazy men with mad talent driving ludicrously fast cars with no grip while someone yells numbers at them.10/10 - welcome back to rally, Codemasters. We missed you."
,Recommended,310560,15582115,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Saint Satan,"DiRT is BACKI have played every single DiRT game from 1 to 3 and Showdown.  DiRT is one of my favorite racing series.  Here are a few things you should know...It's insanely difficultNO GYMKHANANo magical rewinding timeI REPEAT - NO GYMKHANANo turning off car damageNO GYMKHANA WHATSOEVERNo talking in the menus at allABSOLUTELY NO DAMN GYMKHANARally onlyTHIS GAME HAS ZERO GYMKHANAIt's more difficult than the other DiRT games♥♥♥♥ YOU GYMKHANATracks are a bit too same-ish, bajillions of trees and treesAND NO KEN BLOCK AND TRAVIS MAKING YOUR EARS BLEEDThis is what us, the fans, have been asking for...and we got it.  Thank you Codemasters.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/saintsatan"
,Recommended,310560,18283424,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Aurora,"Since the recent physics update i felt the need to re-write my review.This is quite literally the best racing game ever conceived. I already held it in extremely high regard pre-0.8 and had taken plenty of time to master the game - And then boom. A complete overhaul of the aero, tyre and suspension models. Why? Because the community said the handling didn't feel quite right.They decided to then cram some equipment into a van and drive all the way to Barcelona from the UK to get some more feedback from the real world RX drivers, to help pinpoint where improvements could be made.If this doesn't show some real dedication to the early access model and prove that they're actively striving to make this the best rally game ever made, i really don't know what could change your mind.DiRT Rally v0.8 has managed to become my favourite all time game - Taking the throne from my childhood SNES classics and there's still more to come! I honestly can't find words to say how good the feeling of finding a perfect game and having a reliable stream of updates that just improve it further, really is.This deserves a perfect 10/10 and i'm sure by version 1.0 it will be damn close."
,Recommended,310560,19810569,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,homestyle2000,"because of this game, I bough a ticket for a real life winter rally event.this game is getting me to go outside.this game is awesome."
,Recommended,310560,18707366,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Oyster,"+ No more Ken Block/X-Games/Gymkhana bull****.+ Early access done the right way.+ Lots of respect to rally history.+ Hard, unforgiving, enraging. Rally as rally must be.+ Gravel handling is a thrill.+ Much better force feedback if compared to previous Codemasters' titles.+ Great, varied car roster. Each car REALLY has its own behavior.+ Awesome feeling of reward, since learning is slow and gradual. You'll definitely learn the fundamentals of rallying.+ Truly 3-dimensional stages, faithful to the real ones (comparison videos can be found on Youtube).+ It's a ""sim"" and really asks for a wheel, but works great with an analog controller.– Stages get repetitive after some time (150-200 hours), since they are so few. Rally eventually turns into hotlapping.– Tarmac handling still doesn't feel totally right.– Issues with downforce. Cars are light and spend too much time on air. This is a serious problem that must be addressed in their next rally game.– The faster you go, more noticeable are the physics limitations. Especially in Finland, which sometimes seems to be another planet.– Damage system is OK but could be much better.Some serious cons, but still overwhelmed by the pros. The most fun racing game of the last decade. Addictive as crack."
76561197999480289,Recommended,310560,16461495,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Enceladus,"+no unskippable bro-dawg surfer pep talks+100% the best looking dirt game to date+zero gymkana+scales to 4k nicely+hard as nails+no rewind option; you screw up, you lose time+haven't seen any monster energy drink logos yet+longer races-you will want to spend 250 on a wheel after playing with controller"
,Recommended,310560,16949108,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DazoftheShire,"This is my Early Access review after putting some considerable hours into the game, playing various game modes while keeping a close eye on the community, the devs and updates.I would like to point out unequivocally to any existing DiRT fans: this isNOTDiRT 4, or anything close to what most everyone would consider a ""DiRT"" game/title. To be honest I'm not even sure why CM used the ""DiRT"" prefix at all, because there is literally no baring to that name except they are both rally games.There is no ""loudness"" or ""bro yeah"" in this game. No convoluted menu's that take 30 minutes to decipher. You are not forced to sit through tedious sound-bites of some jumped up prick telling you how to drive... I'm getting carried away. The point is this in not DiRT, this is something else!Many people have been calling for CodeMasters to go back to the glory days of rally games (MCrae) for years, and it seems they have not only listened at last, but delivered also. It's a sim, it's tough, and by gawd does it scare you to death!I should probably give some Pro's 'n' Con's at this point:PROS:It's a Rally Sim! Make a wrong move and your family will be placing flowers against a remote tree for years to come.As it should be, it is tough! Rally driving is the most demanding style of driving in the world, this is too.Plenty of cars, each with individual sounds, handling and tuning. Theyallfeel different.The SOUND. No game has EVER come close to this. The sound in this game is mind blowing! From the individual engine sounds (you MUST hear them) to the gravel hitting your bodywork, to the perfect shifting, to the bad shifting... EVERYTHING.Menu's are sleek, to the point and very fast.CONS:Still favors wheels a LOT more over gamepads at present, although you can still compete with one (a gamepad) if determined.This has been addressed. Gamepads are now much more configurable!There is a long standing problem with nVidia MOBILE graphics cards in that you cannot go Fullscreen.Fixed.There is a bug that if you do not have a certain amount of GB free space (2-4GB) on your system drive, the game will fail to launch. TBH though everyone should have that at least!Even as Early Access this is still one of, if notthebest racing game i've ever played and I have stated many times that ""racing games are too easy, therefore i dislike them"". With this game I have been well and truely slapped around the face!.If you like sims I recommend, if you like rally racing I recommend, if you like a genuine challenge I recommend.If you like easy wins, easy AI, easy life and easy achievements - you lookin' at the wrong game.This is for the determined, for the persistent, for the fighter, for those that ""quitting"" is a cuss word.To those people i rate it: Highly RecommendedEDIT (Dec 2015): With many additions in terms of tracks and vehicles, FFB improvements, gamepad improvements, UI improvements and much more, I stand by my initial conclusion - this is one of, if notthebest rally game ever made."
,Recommended,310560,16371536,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Pfisi,Colin McRae would be proud Codemasters 10/10
,Recommended,310560,15582745,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,somebody,"No more gymkhana & Ken Block BS? Codemasters, please take my money."
,Recommended,310560,15583238,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Badcompany999,"the graphics in the steam store dont really do it justice, i thought they looked ps2 ish   but i was pleasantly surprised when i went ingameSome GamePlayhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0CoIPMI6lY"
,Recommended,310560,15611069,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Idiotech,My video review of DiRT Rally.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_zDsbFWEjA
,Recommended,310560,19872106,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,supernaut,"Encouragement EditionSo far I've put 31 hours into DiRT Rally, which is nothing really, since it took me roughly 30 hours to be able to drive confidently. Now that it's out of Early Access and despite glowing reviews from that period, I want to offer words of encouragement to those who have no experience with rally simulation games. My experience with rally sims is literally that, 31 hours. For a long time I thought my big brother was kinda crazy with his Richard Burn Rally, GT Legends and what have you. I stayed away from his racing sims, cos I knew I wouldn't be able to compete with his stage times. So instead we got competitive in games like NFS: High Stakes (the Snowy Ridge stage in particular) and the old Colin McRae Rally games, which had enough arcade handling for me to be able to compete with him. Naturally he played with assists off, where available. I on the other hand wouldn't even know how to begin to setup my car, let alone understand how turning off certain assists would translate into the handling of the car. And I pretty much still don't. For someone my age, I've driven very little in real life, but my mechanically inclined big brother knew exactly what he was doing back then. So most of the time he was kicking my♥♥♥♥♥ both in and out of the games. I keed, I keed.My immediate conclusion after the first few hours with DiRT Rally was that I had no clue how to drive. A drunk elephant skating on ice would have more finesse. While I didn't rage-quit as often as I was expecting to, at the start I was playing only in third person view, thinking that my experience with the NFS, GTA or Colin McRae Rally games would help me here. It didn't. What I soon realized was that an outside view of my driving made me too aware of the track, which is probably just me, but that coupled with racing sim handling spelled disaster for me. So either by brazen choice or through cunning design, I chose the cockpit view to complete an entire stage, which I had never done in any racing game before. Sure, I've toggled it on and off here and there, but I had never stuck with it until now. This had an interesting effect on my driving, cos I was assessing the track and my line of driving more by feel than by actually seeing the track from above. I mean besides listening to your co-driver, which is important if you want to win. All that said, I think it's a good idea to put some 30 hours into it before you drift off to other games, cos being an FPS guy mostly and after taking long breaks from it, I was essentially starting afresh every time I returned. Even if your skills are still there, the stage conditions from Wales to Greece will bring you back to earth in no time.Recently I graduated to Clubman, which means you'll do 6 stages per race and have 2 opportunities to repair your car. While my initial reaction was ""oh no, I want to do more races with 4 stages before I move on,"" which I assume you still can in custom races, but once you've qualified there's no reason to go back. You've earned your place here. It doesn't matter if you finished 3rd, 2nd or first, or think you got lucky. While there's always an element of luck in any game, DiRT Rally will never meet you halfway, it will never hold your hand and even though a beginner like myself will have assists on for the foreseeable future, the game will teach you what you need in order to progress. Practice will take you where you want to go.DiRT Rally is an elegant product, the menus are simple and the soundtrack is smooth, as you get ready for the next stage/race or manage your team. I imagine the Early Access feedback had a lot to do with making it as enjoyable as possible, both on and off the track. This being my first racing game with achievements, the 170 achievements it now has is an additional motivator to get better at it. I'm really glad they included them and that they keep adding them with updates. If I were to offer feedback of my own, I hope to see an Estonian flag among the spectators someday. I also want to congratulate Codemasters in getting it right and returning to their roots. I've missed you immensely."
,Recommended,310560,18157167,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MILFHUNTER,"I tried Scandinavian Flick in real life in my Hyundai, and it felt too arcade comparing to DiRT Rally."
,Recommended,310560,15656818,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Netzdurchsetzungsgesetz1888,"after playing this game without HUD, on ultra graphics, with a nice soundsytem + cockpit view i have to say one thing:i will hate driving my own car in RL after playing this game100/10codemasters, you nailed it."
,Recommended,310560,15836620,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,fax,"If you are after a proper rally game, this is it.No appearances of dubstep, energy drinks, gymkhana or drift points.Big thumbs up from me!"
76561198142388974,Recommended,310560,15663320,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,[BVAR] CHVNGE,"Right now this game is raw rallying, I truly hope that Paul Coleman and the brilliant team at Codemasters has an ""If it ain't broke don't fix it"" attitude towards developing this superbmasterpiecefurther.There aren't many games that ooze this kind of passion. The attention to detail is breathtaking, from the modelling of each and every car to the super realistic real world tracks and the mesmerizing sounds of each unique engine rumble and crackling backfire. So much has been achieved by this team already and I look forward to seeing how they keep on improving as the months fly by.If you love rallying this is a must and a steal at £25. I would happily pay twice that much for a game of this magnitude and content.When you spend 4-5 hour sessions everyday just using an almost fully upgraded Peugeot 205 T16 Evo 2 with no assists and locked to dashcam on a Welsh stage like Bidno Moorland reverse, crashing over and over trying to push the limit and better your fastest stage time, you cant help but spend 59 precious seconds thumb downing all 59 negative reviews.Congratulations Codies, you have made so many of us so happy, your passion for this game really shines through keep up the good work."
,Recommended,310560,18634518,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,TrashcanJohnson,"BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAPP brapbrapbrap STU STU STU STU STU *shift* BRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAP STU STU STU STU *shift* BRAPPPP *downshift* PAAPAPAPPAPPAPPAPAPAPPPP BRAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMM10/10 STU STU STU'sCodemasters finally made Colin McRae's DiRT again, and they're not even finished."
,Recommended,310560,18021866,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,GDUBMX,"A true digital automotive masterpiece! DO NOT MISTAKE THIS FOR ANOTHER DIRT GAME. THIS IS A WAY BETTER AND REVIVAL OF COLIN MCRAE RALLY. NO REWINDS.NO GYMKHANA.NO DRIFT BONUSES OR SILLY STUFF. this game is the best early access game ive ever played, you wouldnt even think its early access at all. it satisfies every rally need you could have and hands down beats anything else out there by a mile.WRC should stop wasting their time with Milestone and let Codemasters do what they do best."
76561197969398001,Recommended,310560,19778969,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ampox,"First race...Full throttle...First corner...Rolls the car and gets achivement ""Nailed It""Woops.This game is challenging, but in a good way."
,Recommended,310560,15937545,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,RivaL,"Simply said, this game is like a woman.- You love her- Countless hours of fun and enjoyment- Gonna take advantage of every little mistake you make and make all hell break loose upon you"
76561198165096519,Recommended,310560,15582453,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Dan E.B,they listened to fans at last!If you miss the McRae games of the past get this!Updated reviewOk so I've been playing this game for months now and with every update it keeps getting betterJust played the Finland stages for the first time and all I can say is thank you  CodemastersThis is my game of the year!
76561198011597778,Recommended,310560,32727460,Posted: 24 June,all,Noosebrother,"so i finished hello kitty island adventure and thought to myself, i need a challenge.browsing the store i saw this bad boy with a -70% summersale discount and thought gosh golly i can use my steering wheel with this!After some initial tickling of the settings to get the pedals to talk dirty to me i clicked career, bought me a mini and hired a nice japanese man named katamura to do my engineering, started a race and set off.I immediately had a large tree coming up in front of me and no amount of shouting at the scenery made it jump aside.we recovered the car and with a 15 second penalty i was on my way again only to encounter another bend and, with a marvellous view i must say, plunged into the bushes below.racking up the penalties i started to grow confident in my ability to get this car to go around corners, after all, in hello kitty's island adventure i managed so much more.I noticed i wasn't going as fast as i was supposed to go as the nasty red lines and sector times started making that clear.The gas pedal was once again firmly pressed to the floor and after the next ""crest-jump-maybe-into-5-right-tightening"" i majesticly flew straight into an advertisement.at this point my newly contracted engineer was wondering if that spot at suzuki was still available and i was certainly having great doubts about my chosen career path.luckily we managed to recover the vehicle, and rebuild it.it's now an automatic. and i can nearly keep it on the road. it's great fun.i even bought another car with the money i earned coming in 6th every friggin time.who knows, with some training i might even make it to 5th place."
76561198085461815,Recommended,310560,16586427,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,evnacdc,"So there I was, flying down a mountian, thought I had finally gotten the perfect run. My palms were sweating as I flew past the finish line in victourious cheer, only to find out I came in 6th place out of 10. This game does not care about you, your hopes or dreams.  I love it."
,Recommended,310560,17899045,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Communism is Death,"When Colin McRae Rally was released at the end of the previous century, that was some kind of revolution: For the first time, there was a simulation that really felt like driving a car! Now, some 17 years later, there is another rally simulation. And it feels like driving a car. For real!They say they made a physical simulation of individual car components. In combination forming the experience of driving rally cars from the 1960s to today's WRC. And what can I say - an overwhelming success!I mean, I'm sitting here with my keyboard, right? I don't even own a frigging steering wheel. But I do own a car. And I sure know what driving that feels like. And I know that this game feels like that more than anything else I've ever seen on a video screen.Recommended without the slightest hesitation to anybody interested in simulation games and racing simulations in particular. Don't miss out!"
76561198024119737,Recommended,310560,15971341,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,a-y,no gymkhana
76561198065455404,Recommended,310560,32124339,Posted: 2 June,all,The Bearded Bastard,"People down voting this game because ""it is too hard"", should really go back to their ""point and click""  Hello kitty adventure island/ walking dead games.This is one of the best rally games made."
76561197991357591,Recommended,310560,17807750,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,MJRallying,"Very good sim for rallying, as real as you will get (coming from a rally driver)"
76561198040210356,Recommended,310560,19746264,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Father Diomedes,The Dark Souls of rallying games.
,Recommended,310560,17334014,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Tale Surovi,Best rally simulation since Colin Mcrae. Obviously made for enthusiasts by enthusiasts.
,Recommended,310560,20531129,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,EdelWeiss_Gjg,I hate this game.I can't stop playing it.Buy it.Now.And buy a wheel.Now.
,Recommended,310560,25712826,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,shiashi,"Finland. Group B. Midday.Co-Driver: ""Left six, 200. Middle over crest, jumpmaybe.""Maryland, USA. NASA satellite tracking station.Radar Operator: ""Sir, we're detecting an unidentified craft launching into a sub-orbital trajectory out of Europe.""Commander: ""What's the radar signature look like?""Radar Operator: ""Sir... it's an Audi.""Commander: ""God help us all."""
,Recommended,310560,16464117,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,HurricaneBudgie,"since i started playing Dirt Rally i haven't been able to do anything else apart from rallying and go to work to keep the money coming in to pay for the electricity so i can keep on racing. my wife doesn't know what i look like anymore as she hasn't seen me in ages, and from memory my first boy was/is on the way, not sure if hes been born yet, hmm might ask the wife at the next service stop."
,Recommended,310560,18647781,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Trar [99th Calzones],"You like vroom cars? That's great. You likerealisticcars flying over bad roads that will punish you for your mistakes...but won't kill you for them like an actual car would? DiRT Rally is a solid sim, with its only real problem being a limited track selection.Two things first. This game requires a DirectX 11-capable GPU, and there is an achievement for having played the game in Early Access. I don't know if it'll prevent 100% completion, but it is a thing.Apart from that, this is 100% recommended for rally fans, and anybody who isn't afraid of a challenge. DiRT Rally is the fundamental opposite of DiRT Showdown, and it shows. Excellent physics (Codemasters' most realistic to date), truly awesome sound, breath-taking graphics, oodles of cars and a great variety of locations already. Between the career, multiplayer (with leagues!), fully customizable modes, achievements, and aforementioned car/track variety, there is alotof value here.Rally is predicated less on being the best right from the start and more around improving yourself as you go, gradually pushing yourself forward. Which is good, because this game really does simulate rally, and it is unforgiving. New players, trust me when I say youwillscrew up and it will probably be frustrating - because I sure feel it! And that's okay, because improving yourself in this game is truly rewarding, and driving itself is more often than not its own reward. Hell, veteran drivers aren't always perfect either. This game is quite possibly the most elegant combination of game and simulator I've ever seen.The community will probably tell you to turn off all the driving aids from the start, but they're there for a reason. One must learn to walk before they can run, so I would suggest incrementally turning them off whenever you feel comfortable enough to. Or...not. How you use this game's remarkably wide-ranging realism/aid preferences are up to you.If there's any criticism to be had of this game, it's that playing with a keyboard leaves you at so much of a disadvantage you need a controller or wheel to really get the most out of your vehicle, and youwillneed to push your vehicle that far eventually. That's not really a problem if you're a simulationist with a wheel or even a spare conroller, though. The real main problem is that there's also only six locations in total for rally,onefor hillclimb and three for rallycross - if you play this game enough they'll eventually become familiar, which isn't entirely a good thing for rally racing.The career progression is also rather impersonal: you mainly interact with the championships via sterile menus. I would have liked to see my car in the service area so I can look at its damage in detail. Showcases for the cars, complete with short videos and historical information for people deciding which car to buy, would also have been neat.Don't get me wrong, it's still good and functional and all, but ideally there'd be something more like what's described inthis special-interest reviewI found.I'll leave you with a few basic pointers:* Real world rally knowledge carries over to this game, if you know any. If you don't, you should probably keep reading.* Slower is often faster! It's better to downshift to drift around a corner than slam on the brakes to avoid crashing your car.* On that note, rally is as much about finesse as it is about having a lead foot - in other words attempting to maintain a level of control. Learn to use momentum to your advantage around corners.* Throttle control is important, but it's much more important with RWD cars. If you step on it all the time, you're going to spin out all the time.* You're going to need a certain level of concentration to absorb your co-driver's course notes and keep the car on the road. The course notes are what let rally drivers really push themselves forward with confidence.* The helmet camera, for what it's worth, helps me drive better sometimes. Either way, it's awesome.* If all else fails, you should probably slow down.* Ifthatfails, blame the mechanic."
76561198087794419,Recommended,310560,27191765,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"RECOMMENDATION:*Yes, if you willing to master driving skill, enjoy customize car setting, buy it!*No, if you looking for casual racing, DiRT3 game mode, don't buy it!GAME IMPRESSION:First 2 hours, keep tuning & setting gamepad...After 6 hours, community only has expert player remain, no casual gamer?After 9 hours, snow rally makes me rage quitAfter 12 hours, I want to buy more car!! More Car!!After 15 hours, new car alway hard to drive, until advance setup unlocked become more easyAfter 18 hours, fully upgraded 2 car!After 21 hours, found casual gamer & become friend, but they don't seem active in thisAfter 24 hours, seeing expert player getting better record... how about me?After 28 hours, damn... i cant sell this car, the wheel is so freaking hard to drive!!!After 37 hours, this game is real good rally game :DAfter 45 hours, I haven't finish this gameAfter 50 hours, I haven't learn to drive safely...After 60 hours, new personal best!!After 70 hours, to continue enjoy this game, must buy a right car to drive!COMPLETION TIME:*Rushed play style: Around 35 hours*Leisure play style: Around 350 hours+*Each stage of playing: 3-9 minutesGAME DIFFICULTY:( _ ) Adjustable on new game( ✔ ) Adjustable on each stage (Custom championship)( _ ) Adjustable in mid game( _ ) Not adjustable( _ ) Game made for casual gamer( ✔ ) Game made for average gamer( ✔ ) Game made for professional( ✔ ) Unlockable startup customization( ✔ ) Set higher difficult to increase reward( ✔ ) Penalty if objective failedGAME FEATURES:( ✔ ) Online Player versus Player( _ ) Online Cooperative( ✔ ) Online Leaderboards (Friends Ranking)( ✔ ) Online Daily / Weekly / Monthly Challenges( ✔ ) Level-up to unlock Upgrades( ✔ ) Earn something to buy more upgrade( ✔ ) Linear Career( _ ) Alternative Career( _ ) Random level generated( ✔ ) Random opponent/track selected( ✔ ) Score Attack / Personal Best( ✔ ) Statistic Progression( _ ) Microtransactions( _ ) Split Screen / Local Coop( _ ) Open World (Fast Travel Around)( ✔ ) Mod Support( ✔ ) Steam Achievements (total: 170)( ✔ ) Steam Trading Cards( ✔ ) Steam Cloud Save( ✔ ) Valve-Anti-Cheat System( ✔ ) Controller Support( ✔ ) VR SupportGAME FOCUS:( ✔ ) Custom Event( ✔ ) Time Attack / Time Trial( ✔ ) Sprint( _ ) Drift( _ ) Eliminator( _ ) Overtake( _ ) Traps Setting( _ ) Highway Races( _ ) Street Races( _ ) Circuit Races( ✔ ) Climb Hill / Down Hill( ✔ ) OffRoad (Forest / Cave / Canyon)( ✔ ) Vehicle Repair( ✔ ) Weather Attack( ✔ ) Complex Car Setting( ✔ ) Driver Seat Camera( _ ) Ghost Car( _ ) Nitrous / Super Boost( _ ) Time Rewind( ✔ ) Controller VibrationONLINE POPULATION:( _ ) >20 weekday >100 weekend( _ ) >5 weekday >10 weekend( ✔ ) >1 weekday >3 weekend( _ ) 0 weekday 0 weekend( ✔ ) Online is fun, but preferably offline( _ ) Online is imbalance, preferably offline( _ ) Online is bored, preferably offline( ✔ ) Online is empty, have to play offlineGAME TYPE:*Offline:Career Mode have 3 type of race: Rally Stages, RallyCross, Climb Hill EventCustom Campaign (Randomly generated & non-selectable location)Custom Event (Timetrial to test drive all the car, but no reward)*Online:PvP RallyCross / Championship RallyCross (Yes, no rally)Daily, Weelky, Monthly challenges (word ranking reward)Create / Join a LeaguesLIKES:+VAC ban for cheater! No hacker :)+Career Mode is random stage selected+Long rally (5-10min each race)+Very much differences on each location+Bonus reward without restart a race+Bonus reward if reduce driving assistant / drive with no HUD+Jokerlap Mode in RallyCross! Drive into extra piece of road at least once+Awesome sound effect and ambient! We can hear the sand, suspension, wind, grass!+Allow to rent car for play online event+Allow 10 shakedown before each location+Unlock slot for hire engineers to make repair efficient+Prepare more credits to hire variety engineers+Good engineers have stage limitation agreement, pay them to stay with ya+Create / join a Leagues to play with friends(https://www.dirtgame.com/leagues)+Sometime have special event that play online challenge for extra long rally stages+Automatic upgrade on current vehicle (Engine, Turbo & Weight deduction)+Buy perk to have faster upgrades+Tyre will wore off if driver is too furious+Terminal damage cause you retire from the race+Each end of race you need to pay the damage you caused+Adjustable clutch+Many camera view+Very good replay camera position+Dark night!+Car lamp is breakable at night!!!+Variety of sound volume setting+Variety of vibration & feedback for controller+Many video tutorial help to understand driving skill+Plenty of car allow to purchase, need to choose wisely...+No more truck or buggy vehicle+steam workshop have car setup available to insert to our rallyDISLIKES:-Personal best only show after a race-No ghost car-No opponent car on the road-No rally event for multiplayer like DiRT 3-No Time Rewind-No female co-driver like DiRT 3-Some car is user-friendly to drive, some is nightmare :/-Heavy Penalty (7-15 sec)-RallyCross is not fun-Driving assistant is not helpful-Cannot sell the car already in garage-Car crash around the crowd do not have reaction like DiRT 3, they yell-Slower acceleration on car reset-Slower reverse speed-If you are slow, the split time remind you on every section-No practical tutorial, player just have to watch the vids to learn driving-Alway compare to world record :/-Only manual repair, no auto repairQUALITYSCOREGraphic (2015)ACinematicB-Contents VolumeAArtisticB+Level DesignB+Sound & MusicARealistic AnimatedAOnline ValueAReplay ValueA+Bug-freeAOverallABEST PRICE HISTORY:70% off, since June 2017WORTH BUYING:( ✔ ) Yes, normal price worth it!( _ ) Yes, but too expensive( _ ) No, this game have no further improve( _ ) No, because i didn't know the value of this gameWORTH BUYING WITH DLC?( _ ) Yes, base game + individual DLC( _ ) Yes, base game + Season Pass (all DLC)( _ ) No, DLC is different value( ✔ ) No DLC( _ ) DLC is includedhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/310560MORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szzV5YozfpwGame File Size: 38.9 GB"
,Recommended,310560,15583570,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Joif,"So out of what seems like out of no where a ""Realistic"" rally game appears from the same Codemasters that couldn't really satisfy my Rally needs since Colin McRae Era, dubious I was to say the least..How very WRONG I was, for the fans of the old Colin McRae games this is the simulation you were waiting for (you know they are taking realism seriously when they even give you the option to manually control your launch and even penalise you if you muck it up) so back are the repair times service area management mechanics, back are the narrow tracks, back are the stages that last longer than 2 minutes and for goodness sake back are the realistic physics!.. Seriously playing this with no HUD, all assists off, and just your co-driver instructions for guidance (who you actually need to listen to now where I felt you could ignore in Dirt 3 with its tracks wider than they are long) It just feels so right and so immersive I'd love to try it with Rift.Even driving the starting Mini I feel there's so much room for improvement in my own game to cut down on my times which is going to take so much much hours of practice to perfect. It's not often I have felt out of depth with realism (even after playing Assetto Corsa, Race series, GT5 etc).. and I LOVE it!I ain't even mad I finished 4th after completing my first rally, I was a minute off pace overall (2 track recoveries, an early start penalty and several restarts due to me missing the co-driver's instructions causing me to brake heavy, lock up the wheels and head straight into a tree or three).. Had this have been Dirt 3 I would have restarted until I nailed the perfect run as the stages were so short you didn't really need commit yourself to each run but I felt like I drove as best I could to my current ability, there's not milliseconds between the race positions but usually 10's of seconds and could even be a minute which I like very much and find a refreshing take and really shows the skill involved in consistent driving over many long stages, every crash or scrape can become crucial as the stages progress as you may not have time to fix the damage between stages hindering your cars performance in the long run.It's definitely difficult to finish first but I don't feel cheated as I could see myself where I was losing time this only inspires me to play more and get better, challenge IS what I'm looking for in my sims.There's already a decent selection of cars spanning all era's and some tracks that feel right at home for rally nerds. I can't wait to see what the future brings for this sim, any sim enthusiasts that are on the fence I beg you to at least try this game for a very reasonable price and support this it may give you a reason to let RBR have a rest for a while.Some improvements I would like to see is more debris, loose gravel, mud, anything to make the track surface not look so perfectly smooth, and the spectators are very low poly models, but can't fault the majority of visuals.Mod support to keep this game fresh after the DLC cycles have expired (track generator/community tracks would be suffice also)Although basic Multiplayer in the form of Online Leaderboards/Leagues are already implemented I do hope Real Time Multiplayer is planned even if it's just in the same form as CM with simultaneous/staggered timed runs against friends.Final Note - This does not play like your ""usual"" early access game, the actual gameplay is as polished you would expect from a full release candidate I have experienced a few hard lockups on the menu and the BGM can get repititve quick, but overall had it not been for the lack of additional content which is yet to come (cars, tracks,modes) you wouldn't even consider this early access compared to a lot of other steam titles on gameplay alone.HardwareLogitech F510 Controller (no configuring necessary), will try out the old G27 when it gets closer to release (other reviews have stated FFB isn't yet upto standard).GTX 980 - Game runs silky smooth 100+ fps on Ultra, good optimization and good to be on the forefront of development rather than getting a lazy port.TL:DR Not for the faint hearted, as a sim.. This delivered what I was hoping for!"
,Recommended,310560,18351940,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Explicitly illicit biscuit,"This game is unforgiving, harsh, and deadly, however its incredibly addictive. Every failure and crash makes you want to race again,and again. To me its like like a racing game on difficulty insane which makes me want to master it even more. I feel I have to mentally prepare myself in between courses because I just cant keep up with the speeding and cornering aspects in locations such as finland which have fast and easy bends but one wrong move, and too much power on the throttle could send your car up a tree or through the undergrowth. This is the racing game Ive been looking for, for a long time. Think Dark souls but on four wheels."
,Recommended,310560,15729819,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Weeddrunken,"9.5/10""OMFG, Colin McRae Rally is finally back!""First Impression OMFG is this real?! Yes it is!!! It's awesome to finally be able to play a true rally game after all these years. The controls are definitely far away from the arcade-ish one of Dirt 1,2,3. The length of the tracks is great - and not as short as the ones in the old DIRTs. And the tracks have a whole lot more than just ""4"" different curve types - as you might remember it from WRC 4. Dirt Rally is definitely the best rally racing game out there, and after a fast EarlyAccess phase it's already finished!Pros:+ great grameplay+ great controls/handling+ great car physcis+ very good graphics+ great sound+ great rally-tracks+ great co-pilot+ great difficulty+ no ""rewinds""+ best time on tracks ""friend-highscore""+ devs kept their word!+ driving wheel & controller supportCons:- none- ""Wish"": I'd love to see more countries/tracksDIRT Rally is simply the best rally sim out there. Or in other words:""Colin McRae Rally is finally back!"".Every rally fan can definitely grab this one."
,Recommended,310560,18862481,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Joe,Unequal length headers.
76561198079335963,Recommended,310560,20361321,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,John mema,"Dirty rally is so good that when you leave your house and see a subaru you whisper ""dont cut"" to yourself"
76561197970935022,Recommended,310560,18909415,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Darren Blythe,"WOW!  I never thought i'd see the day that Codies produced any driving game with such authenticity, let alone a spiritual successor to RBR.  I'm amazed and somewhat shocked how good Dirt Rally is.Took a while to get the settings dialed in to my liking and it still needs work on the FFB (base lateral and centering forces) .   Also the damage model could do with a bit of refinement, but otherwise very, very good indeed.Please Codies, don't be tempted to dumb this down or add a whole load of peripheral fluff before release.  Keep it pure and focussed on the essence of the sport.  Continue in the same vein and you'll make a lot of serious racers very happy.If Ken Block appears even once and calls me 'dude' I'm gonna hurt someone."
,Recommended,310560,15582866,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Minmataro,"First impressions (will update this as i play):Ok so this is a pretty hardcore Rally sim. Nice graphics, well optimized. You can tweak your car before races, repair it after. The tracks look amazing and the little things like having a tire blowout when you clip the edge of the track or needing to hold the e brake before a start are nice touches.Pros and cons so far:+ Great sim Rally handling+ graphics + sound effects+ detailed track design+ Tweaking and repairing cars- No Rallycross yet- No online yetI recommend as a early access product"
,Recommended,310560,19590851,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mild Mannered Manatee,This isn't a game.This is art.
,Recommended,310560,16131099,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,zamoy72,Somebody help me...I can't stop playing.
,Recommended,310560,15658723,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,◥DaBeastKing◤,Driving a 1960's Mini Cooper is scary ****Only in DiRT Rally. 9/10 best horror game of the year
76561198071668214,Recommended,310560,18198158,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,RallyHawk,This is already the best Rallygame/sim since RBR - period. This is a rally fans dream of  DiRT having a child with RBR.
,Recommended,310560,15596573,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Fl3sh,"It doesn’t care about your feelings.It isn’t “there for you bro”.It doesn’t want you to do any “sick tricks”.It doesn't feel like wasting your time explaining how ""rad that race was bro"".What it wants to do is throw your♥♥♥♥♥♥breathing♥♥♥♥♥off the side of a cliff and laugh at you as you roll to your ultimate death. And it is glorious."
,Recommended,310560,16803167,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Routeres,"100% less Gymkhana/Ken Block/Monster/bro dude, etc.Big variety of cars, and there are more to come.Jaw dropping graphics, yet runs smooth.Really good minimal music.Long stages.ZOMFG! I'm sold.It feels like I'm playing CMR again, not Gymkhana Simulator 201X."
55564889966632155,Recommended,310560,15738196,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Elad,The Dark Souls of racing.
,Recommended,310560,25434471,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Henrysneps,"Here's some initial thoughts you might have when you play the game for a first time:Main menu looks rather niceGoing always full throttle is a bad ideaSpectators are accident proneCo-Driver's balls are steelRadiator breaks often firstEngineers can't fix sh*t in 30 minutes1960s cars are too slowHillclimb cars are too fastRWD cars are just plain undrivableAdvanced tuning is too advancedWet asphalt = IceUndersteer is always badDriving over crests at high speeds is funDriving over crests at high speeds is dangerousRestarting feels temptingRallycross is a ""ram-fest""Tutorials hardly teach anythingWeight transfer sounds complicatedScandinavian flick is impossible to executeSweden is a frozen hellNo but seriously, the game is really fun and challenging once you get the grasp of it.Definitely recommended if you enjoy racing games!"
,Recommended,310560,24338376,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Salty14_大体,DiRT -- Prepare To Die™ EditionThat's all.
,Recommended,310560,18266254,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Fr34kfrag,"This is proof that Codemasters and AAA gaming companies can listen to their customers. If COdemasters releases all their games the way this Rally has been released with feedback AND implementation i will empty my wallet for them. They are doing Beta/Aplha testing the right way.Brilliant game and the best Rally title to date, in fact a masterpiece .  Well DOne Codemasters!"
,Recommended,310560,15582907,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,WesleySmalls,"Just like every codies game I decided to pick this one up with my Xbox360 controller, and i am pleasantly surprised at how difficult it is. Where previous titles were pretty much arcade, this is a whole lot more towards sim. It really takes some getting used to. Braking in the middle of a turn is a real no-go, just like how it would be in real life.Because braking in turns is a no-go you really have to be a whole lot more cautious going into turns, making the whole game a whole lot more difficult and more fun.you can't magically turn back time anymore, so when you've flipped your car you really flipped it, there is no turning back.This challenge makes the game much more real, the challenges of rallying are very much present, take caution going in and out of turns and listen good to your co-driver.The game runs exceptionally well(just like every other codies game). I'm not sure if this game runs on the new version of the Ego-engine.The two stages I have played were around 4mins long, which is okay. The stages feel much tighter, and there is a real danger in going slightly off track as rocks, dips and bumps are very much present. Based on my two runs stage design seems to be a whole lot better than previous DiRT games(and maybe even the original).Overall, I'd say it is a very worthy successor of the original DiRT, maybe even better. As it's early access I'm certain a whole lot more will be coming up(for example Hillclimb is present as ""coming soon""), so watch this title.Based on my half-hour of gameplay I'd say it's definitely worth it's money(it's priced lower than a full triple-A release)"
,Recommended,310560,17159369,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Cobalt Mongoose,"There’s nothing like flying down a dirt road sliding around corners and missing edges by inches. Its seat of the pants driving in the extreme.Rally-sport is one of the last untamed racing types in existence. To me its baffling why the sport is not more popular. Im looking forward to attending my first local one next spring. A number of years ago after dirt showdown came out I was so disappointed by the offering I did a google search for rumors about the next dirt game when I came across a extensive survey(8 pages long) for what I wanted in the next dirt game. The nature of the questions were thorough and specific as far as authenticity and most of all realistic simulation vs arcade racing. After taking the survey I was super existed told fellow racing friends about it. But years went by and nothing... 9months ago codies said they were removing the dreaded GFWL from dirt 3 and making it a steamworks game. Time went by and I thought its fate was the same as the survey I took. Then in time for my birthday for this year we got Dirt 3 Complete. Then I was blown away because not long after dirt 3 came this gem.Much longer tracks that have way more bends and curves with a track width barely wide enough to get the car past. If you play this like dirt3 you will not get far. There is no green line assist showing you where to go. Instead you have cards that pop up before you telling you the about the corner ahead and an audio prompt from your co-driver. I play with no HUD on and listen to my co-drivers calls. It takes along time to learn the stages but its super rewarding when you do.If you are looking for a casual but fun experience I highly recommend dirt3. If you don’t have a Dx input device like a wheel or game pad I would recommend you hold off buying this as I imagine it would be quite frustrating.If you have played dirt 3 or  other rally games and you want a challenge I whole hardheartedly recommend this title.Even though its early access , it comes out in mostly complete slices. The communication with the community has been excellent going as far as doing a little hour long twitch show to show off the new content and Q&A. They have listened to the community and delivered changes  that were within their ability.If your a wheel user like me you will appreciate that was one of their first big fixes was to rip out the cheesy 270 deg wheel setting and give us proper 900 deg. Track Ir support from previous titles is still present and the drivers view positions are really good even if you cant adjust it.  they set the bar when it comes to communication and feedback for early acess.I see reviews saying the graphics are bad looking dull and muddy, frankly these people don’t know what they are talking about. A lot of modern games use filters and fx to make things look super high fidelity and detailed. You wold never see the world this way when bombing down a dirt road at 45mph. And when the weather effects kick in its quite realistic.I’m able to run this on ultra with my R9280x the only time I get sub 60fps is if I run screen cap and steam streaming simultaneously.If you are a wheel using motor sport enthusiast I highly recommend this."
76561198169206773,Recommended,310560,19557045,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,bd,"When I got hold of this in my hands, I said ""Here we are"".Thought of reviewing in first days...Said ""Nah, let's wait to see what they can bring...""And waited, and played, and again...Now with some hours in my back I can absolutely say this is the best Rally Game ever created, and even this sentence has an error... It is more than a game.Thank you CM, you made my day ... for a lot of days... for months... maybe for years to come ! Just don't turn greedy and start selling addon cars or more rallies for 10$ each from now on..."
,Recommended,310560,15656569,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Lain,This is the Dark Souls of racing games. Every second of a stage is a struggle of staying in control and pushing the envelope to save fractions of a second on a corner. A single run ending mistake is always just around the corner and the game punishes you hard for it. When you do nail a perfect stage you feel like a rally god.
,Recommended,310560,20685580,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Yuconen,"It's a great game, all rally lovers should buy it! Atmosphere is excellent, graphics and sound effects are perfect. Stages are very detailed and fun. Driving is challenging but not disturbing at all. DIRT Rally would be the best choice to feel the rally spirit! Number of cars are enough and there are heart-warming cars in game. Maybe number of rallies would be more but there are great number of detailed stages in all six rallies and there are extras; hillclimb and rallycross."
,Recommended,310560,25275173,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,.   -julez.a,"Dirt Rally is by far my favourite racing game. I need to make it clear that I'm not a car guy, and certainly not generally a 'sim' person. Rally is probably the most hardcore sim I've played. What's nice (and I know a lot of racing games do this) is that you're in control of how difficult you'd like the experience to be to some extent. Locking your perspective to first-person only, disabling assists like ABS brakes and UI hints will certainly make the game harder, and in turn earns you a reward multiplier. I wasn't expecting to enjoy making it as realistic as I could, but it's incredibly fun.For the most part you're racing against yourself. It's Rally; It's your time that's on the line. No matter how many times I've played the same track, I need to listen to the calls for what lies ahead. Sometimes I find myself daydreaming and just bombing down the track, inevitably soaring off a cliff or straight into a tree because I got too deep in thought. But I know it's my own fault. It wasn't a bad AI opponent or bad controls, everything that happens is because of how in tune I am with the car on a moment to moment basis.The reason I've put so many hours into this game is the daily, weekly and monthly challenges. When I know I can only put 20 minutes or so into a game for an evening, I launch Rally and do the two daily challenges. A few extra moments? Do a few tracks in the weekly or monthly challenges. You're given feedback at the end of each track as to how you've ranked against everyone else competing in the same event. It's one of the few games where you can noticeably and immediately see improvements in your own performance which is remarkably satisfying. It can also be frustrating to be pushing yourself during an event to beat other player's times, only to cut a corner when expressly told ""DON'T CUT"" and find yourself slammed into a rock wall. This risk/reward nature is what makes Rally so exciting.This game can be really tough at the beginning, especially when compared to more arcade-focused racing games. Once you get a grasp on the physics and a good sense of a car's weight, there is no better feeling than nailing a hard curve or corner that has given you trouble in the past. As I said, I'm definitely not a car guy, and yet I find myself tweaking my saved vehicle set ups, trying to conquer turns and shave seconds off my times on tracks I've played hundreds of times. That's not something I was personally expecting from a racing game, and it's why I will continue to play Dirt Rally for the foreseeable future."
76561198004470853,Recommended,310560,22870553,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Junichi Fujiwara,"The stages of my personal evolution as a virtual rally driver:""The 'Dark Souls' of racing sims? Laughable! I'm a good driver in real life - at least far better than those other 95% of morons moving their cars on the streets - and I already have some hours in other racing sims. So can't be that tough, eh?""Bought DiRT Rally, plugged in my wheel, created a custom event in Wales,""Uh, Group B cars. Nice!"", picked the Lancia Delta S4, 5-4-3-2-1 ... full throttle ... went off the track in the 1st corner...""For real??? Ok, bad luck. Next try!""On my 5th try I eventually managed the 1st corner but flew off into the forest due to a bump right before the 2nd corner. Unlocked the ""Mondays Be Like..."" achievement.""Ok, haha, a 480 - 650hp car on gravel may indeed be a little bit overambitious to begin with.""Selected a 2010' 300hp Ford Fiesta, same stage in Wales. Flew off in the first corner again...About half an hour and several attempts later:""The game is still early access. I'm sure there are some bugs left in the physics engine...""Google didn't bring up a single hit.Stumbled upon thisvidwhile googling for known bugs. Got severely depressed. Didn't touch DiRT Rally for a month.Accidentally found some basic tutorials. First recommendation: Start with a 1960 car!""Drive a >50 year old 100hp Mini Cooper? Me? Yeah... Sure!""Went on reading the tutorials anyhow. ""Weight transfer... Left foot breaking ... Effectively reducing speed by using the side walls of the tyres ... Scandinavian flick ...""""Wow! I had no idea...""Started the career with the 1960' Mini Cooper... Finished my very first stage with 3 crashes, 1 flat tyre and more than 3 mins behind.About 80h in the game now I'm back to the Group B and 2010' cars. If I have a really good day and if I manage to stay focused (processing the visual input from the road directly ahead of me and working the pedals & wheel to keep control over that beast of a car while simultaneously listening to my co-driver and mentally preparing for the 2 upcoming corners based on his pacenotes) and with a little bit of luck I may be able to finish a masters event without restart, but then somewhere around 4th to 8th place. With some restarts I may be able to win an event. Being able to finish an event among the top 3 without restarts? Still a long way to go... ;-)Finally, have I become a better driver in real life? No, I don't think so. But I gained an aweful lot more respect for professional racing drivers and especially rally drivers. Watching motorsports with completely different eyes now. Well, and sometimes I discover myself coursing a bit less about those other 95% of real world drivers... ;-)11/10 for a game which can be so frustrating yet rewarding at the same time. Words can't tell the feeling of a clean stage win after hours of practice. If you enjoy racing sims and if you think you are a good driver, this game may attack your ego from time to time, but it keeps you practicing, learning and improving. At the end of the day it is so much fun!"
,Recommended,310560,17885470,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,PassTheSalt,"Incredible rally sim.This goes back to the days of the original DiRT, with hardcore, white-knuckle rally action, but with absolutely stunning visuals and attention to detail. The physics in this game are unreal; track surface is an actual, breathing thing; damage is amazingly accurate with every piece of the vehicle taking both external and internal damage (and requires repairs in-between event stages); and things you wouldn't even think of are all taken into consideration (for example: the engine putting out less BHP because of the thinner atmosphere in the high-altitude Pike's Peak as you Hill Climb it in real-time.. O.o ).If you're looking for a no-nonsense, hardcore racing sim, nothing beats this game. Worth every damn Early Access penny."
,Recommended,310560,19635299,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Senex,"If you're still on the fence about making this purchase jump off and pull that purchase trigger. Please, try your best not to hold the recent Grid releases against the Codie's. To me it seems they learned an invaluable lesson from those two racers, and they're most definitely back on the correct course to listening to their player base. The early access, albeit long, was instrumental in making this game what we've come to expect from Codemasters.  I highly doubt you will be dissapointed in purchasing this gem! While a wheel will definitely make the experience more enjoyable, because the use of a clutch and the ability to hold specific gears does make a difference in Rally Racing. This is still a game, and sure you can setup manual gear usage with a controller but it actually takes away from your time, in my opinion. However, I've played with a wheel and controller. I found the game to still be highly enjoyable regardless of either method, yet Ido not recommend using the keyboard,hehe. While it's not a full on simulation type experience this isn't a keyboard friendly game unless you could care less about trying to beat your friend's times and, or attempts to beat your previous best times.While not the best review (I'll leave that to the pro's) I hope this gives someone assistance as to whether or not this game is worth your hard earned dollars. I generally wait for a 50% plus off sale of many AAA games nowadays, but this is certainly not one of them!Addendum: I should have written this 'review' after playing the release version, instead of going by the early access game, because the release version 1.0 is definitely a different beast. Anyhow, my thoughts have not changed overall. Yet, there are significant changes that I won't get into  as ""TL:DR"" as is... but I definitely take back the controller thoughts concerning the gearbox. The 'quick clutch' feature is most impressive for controller users under an automatic gearbox! 'Nuff said, hehe."
76561198036245874,Recommended,310560,15583630,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,BrickHowse,"At long last, Rally has returned. No more Ken Block and his Benihana! Challenging, narrow and unforgiving tracks is what awaits you here, just what you'd expect from a Rally game. Though this does seem to take it one step farther in upping the difficulty, the terrain jerks the weel and you can feel the weight and power of the cars.+ Realistic handling.+ Proper car setup (dampening, suspension, break bias etc)+ The Co-Driver sounds better than he ever has, alot less like a robot. He even sounds like he's riding a car on rough and bumpy terrain.+ The overall audio is stellar, from engine sounds to stones hitting your car as you go barreling down gravel roads.+ Cockpit view with adjustable FoV- The graphics, while serviceable do look really dull, what is it with devs and their love of washed out colorless nature?This is without a doubt the most polished early access game I've ever seen, I left out the obvious lack of content cause y'know, early access. And I'm sure the minor stuff will be cleaned up soon enough.While it may not have mass appeal like its predecessors, its target audience will be more than pleased.This is pure Rally joy, it's what you've been waiting for if you have even a remote interest in the sport. And it's about time to."
76561197972947757,Recommended,310560,18985823,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,No-Neck,"I'm not really a motorsport guy but I've played nearly every Codemasters rally game since Colin McRae rally hit the scene. I feel strongly that Codemasters has been heading downhill. Every game in the DiRT series got just that little bit more childishly arcade, hip, Ken Block, etc, than the previous title.DiRT Rally changed that. DiRT Rally is an actual rally game where you do actual rallying. This is a game where hipsters have been banned and Ken Block is relegated to doing donuts in Asda carpark like the chav he is. This is a real game for real men (and women, boys & girls), this is rallye."
,Recommended,310560,29872933,Posted: 12 February,all,eduardowoj,"I've been playing racing sims since the first GTR, and I had spent a really good time honing my skills. But not even all the kilometers I ever ""driven"" on the computer were enough for what expected me here.People aren't kidding when they compare this game to the Dark Souls franchise. It's totally merciless: Screw up the timing for a single corner and BAM!, there goes your time and two or three positions on the standings. For plebs like me who doesn't find themselves in the posession of a computer steering wheel and play on gamepad controllers (X360 gamepad here), nailing a stage is comparable to brain surgery.On the other side, finish a stage perfectly and you'll feel like Tommi Mäkinen himself.This game made me respect rally drivers even more than before."
,Recommended,310560,19724453,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,jason moyer,"+ first rally title with a focus on realism since Richard Burns Rally+ physics+ variable weather and stage conditions+ special stages modelled after real stages+ wide selection of cars across several eras+ many graphics!- damage model is waaaaaay too forgiving- only 12 special stages (2 per country) that are reversed and segmented to create more- selection of cars is too diluted, i.e. there is a decent selection of types but most categories only have a few cars that can compete against each other, and sometimes those categories don't make sense (the Audi Quattro featured, for instance, would have been racing against the Lancia 037 and other early RWD Group B cars, not the 1986 AWD monsters)- can't use rally cars on Pikes Peak- hillcimb and rallycross aren't very fleshed out; would have preferred having more rally content"
76561198040700025,Recommended,310560,15662696,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,rwind903,If you liked Dirt 3 then after playing this you will be rethinking your life. Any small or minor mistake made on max difficulty will reward you will hate and anger as you carelessly get tossed down the mountain side losing any chance of you making in near the top 2. I've never hated a game so much sitting there looking at the screen as i lost by .500 seconds of my 18 heats i raced. Fu*k this game..... I highly recommend this is you want your neighbors to think you're assaulting someone.
76561198095933862,Recommended,310560,23481108,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Loafy,Best rally game out there.No rewinds.
76561198217163125,Recommended,310560,18261836,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,FamousByMorning,The rally game we deserve
,Recommended,310560,24683642,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MarCylinder,"While playing Dirt Rally you can truly feel the hate and anger Codemasters harbors for all those people who begged and pleaded for a realistic rally game. They decided to make a rally game so perfect, that nobody would ask for one like it again. Because, the reality is, you probably can't drive a rally car. That's where Dirt Rally really shines. It accuratly simulates you crashing into boulders, trees, falling off mountains, and dieing in other totally expected ways. The game is hard, because driving overpowered rally cars over and through gravel mountain roads is hard. And so you'll sink 12 hours into a single track with a single car hoping that at some point you'll reach the finish line. Any dreams of one day becoming a real rally driver are totally crushed along the way as well, just like your rally car that has hit more trees than it has safely passed.10/10, would spend 4 hours trying to figure out how to get around a single bend again."
,Recommended,310560,15661302,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Awarmtoiletseat,What I love about DiRT Rally is the feeling of improvement you get after each race while coming in close to last every time.
76561197996634439,Recommended,310560,15584324,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Immah hoomin,"So I'm gonna list the things that left a really good impression in my mind:- Tracks so narrow, I couldn't make a U-Turn in Monte Carlo, after sliding my Abarth. Seriously tho, it's so much better to actually be able to enjoy a realistic looking rally track, instead of the half a mile wide stages in Dirt 3. It's a welcoming feature that I greatly enjoy and really helps with the sense of speed.The tracks are also far more densely populated with vegetation - the ones in Wales especially and some of the higher parts in Greece. I actually felt as if I was racing through a forest and It definetly helps with the immersion.The track surface is also far more varied in terms of texture and it feels way more bumby than previous Dirts. Cars no longer soak up potholes and uneven surfaces as if they weigh 20kgs. Really good job there.- The cars themselves were always really well modeled in Codemasters games and this one is no exception, sounds are epic and violent, damage model is good, accumulating dirt on the car etc. No surprise here.- Co-driver is finally helpful, insted of just riding shotgun and chillin' (although, the abscence of a mini map forces you to listen to the guy, no complaint here, I've always wanted to learn how to read pace notes)- The abscence of a minimap, definetly makes rallying more intense and with the help of Mr. Co-Driver, I'm now always trying to read the stage a turn or two in advance. Helpful tips such as ''logs on the left'', help a lot.Overall, there is tons of potential in this new Dirt. I am geniuenly happy with my purchase, but bear in mind that I've always been a Codies racing game fan. With that said, compared to Dirt 3, I definitely think that this game is heading in the right direction. While at this point, the content is limited to 3 unique settings with multiple stages, and just rally cars from different eras, I expect greatness from Codemasters.P.S. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can't wait for the Hillclimb mode to come out! PIKES PEAK CODIES - I NEED IT!!!"
76561198027145493,Recommended,310560,15607303,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,WhoDee,"The ice sections really try my patience... I've never yelled so much at my computer =)I've got 600+ hours on Dirt3, but will probably never play it again now that this game is out.  This game is much harder to learn and control, but in a good way.  Much more realistic in both appearance and feel than dirt 3.  This game feels like a true rally/RX experience.Be aware before purchasing this game that it is much more down the simulation line than dirt 3.  If you're not up for a challenge learning to maneuver a vehicle on the edge of control, this might not be the game for you.  I would imagine it might be hard to play on the keyboard, though I haven't tried.  Works great with a gamepad or wheel.* Awesome physics.  Makes you feel like you're actually driving a rally car.* Much improved graphics.  The dusty stages I start to think I can't breath well and need a mask...* Better rally stages.  Not only is everything more realistic, from the scenery to the bumps, dips, rocks, potholes, etc. but they're also longer than the dirt 3 rally stages, which is great.* Overall just feels much more like a rally sim and less like NFS on dirt.  I loved dirt 3, but it was much more ""arcade"" style than this.You may find yourself on the verge of rage-quitting on the icy section of monte carlo like me, only to find yourself unable to do so until you finally finish a clean run.... No other game has given me such a mix of frustration and addiction at the same time.Really the only thing I haven't been impressed with this game is the limited PvP community.  While there's a number of dedicated fans on at any given time, it's not the type of game you can hop on at any hour of the night and find online sessions available.  Still single player offers a lot of enjoyment for those times."
,Recommended,310560,18227577,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,sir_N,"This game is a pure and brutal rally experience. You're always at the edge of the road, trying to control the beast."
76561197984880958,Recommended,310560,19653875,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,sanchito182,"Harsh. Unforgiving. Addicting. This is the Rally game I have been waiting for since the old school days of Colin McRae Racing 2005. It took 10 years but it's finally back. If you love rally games, buy it. If you want an arcade racer, skip it. This is as simulation as you can get."
,Recommended,310560,18327205,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Nadeox1,"A return to the origins.-Simple yet complex mechanics.-Early Access done right. Content that was promised actually makes it to the game, in the expected times.-Interesting driving model. Forget about the previous Dirt games, in this one you actually have to be skilled to arrive first.-Realistic graphics. No 'pumped-up' graphics with weird PostFX. It has a very natural look.-Online events are a nice way to compete with your friends.-Sounds are exceptional.-Difficult and challenging tracks.If you are looking for a pure rally-sim or you were hooked from the 'Colin Mcrae rally' series, this is the game you are looking for."
76561198010888274,Recommended,310560,19548190,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,daemon,The best and most realistic rally game Codemasters have made.
76561198068206504,Recommended,310560,23473210,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,PoweredByPot,"I love this game, even my wife will play it. It's difficult and yet not too hard, while still being rewarding. Even using only an xbox 360 controller you still get an amazing feel for the vehicle and wonderful road response. One day I will get a racing wheel and an H shifter and then no one will ever see me again."
76561198073522166,Recommended,310560,29442300,Posted: 23 January,all,jpegfile,"My dad was playing CMR2 back in the day. He played all the CMR and DiRT games, but while playing DiRT Rally, I saw that fun in his eyes."
,Recommended,310560,15857145,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,S4b1n,"Best racing game I've played in a long time, and it's still in Early Access. This should be an amazing game when it will be fully released. It is realistic enough that it made me buy a wheel and it offers the best rally experience possible, IMO. The idea of racing online in League events is also cool. I totally recommend it as a motorsport experience."
,Recommended,310560,15592130,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Whiterabbit-uk,"Initial  review:It's only in early access at the moment, but  this  has to be the  best and most realistic rally game I've ever played.  It's got the Dirt basics with respect to menus etc, but what's different about this game is you get a support team Who repair  your  vehicles. They also learn  to improve  your car through experience.  There's only  a few   rally tracks at the moment (Greece, Wales and Switzerland), but  more to come.The game is also quite cheap for a AAA  racing game.The sounds of the vehicle travelling over the roads and tracks, the crashes, the  sound of  gears changing and the engine revving etc, all are pretty convincing.  I'm hoping   they will add this to the Track IR (with 6 degrees of Freedom) and the Novint Falcon peripherals soon as the  ability to look around with the track IR  without using   any keys plus  the  force feedback you'd get with the Falcon would add another dimension to this game.I've never driven a rally car, but  this  makes me  feel like I am.Oh yeah!  I forgot to mention, the more you crash, the more beat up your vehicle looks.     :)Check the short  intro videoHERE"
,Recommended,310560,17757354,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,lol?,"This is the most physically, visually, and audibly stunning rally game out there. And it's only in Early Access!The physics are great (nothing like DiRT 1, 2, or 3), and when racing through the incredibly detailed stages you feel like you're really there :)The best way to describe the physics is 'sim'. Not arcady like the older DiRT games.Optimization is fantastic, I have been able to keep a mostly solid 60FPS at 1080p on my reasonably old GTX 770 and i5 4670, with the Ultra preset and 4x AA (considering it recommends a GTX 780, this was a great surprise for me). Using Nvidia's adaptive V-Sync I rarely notice the fps drops (worst I've had was 50 fps). You could easily run it 100% solid 60fps if you tweaked the settings a bit, but I couldn't be bothered.Content-wise, there is a good amount of cars and tracks, and every single track is beautifully modeled. As it's early access, there will be more content on it's way and not to mention the possibility of DLC once the game is finished.Works great with my G25, and you can tweak all the FFB settings (like how much feedback you want from the tires, etc).Graphically it's beautiful, not much else I can say about that.If you like rally games and sims, this game is for you. If you're looking at getting an arcade game like DiRT 3, then nope you probably won't enjoy it, as it is HARD.Oh, and when your co-driver says ""Don't Cut"", really, don't cut."
76561198205532148,Recommended,310560,19567368,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Magnizzle,"This game can be very frustrating, but it's all up to your own skills!!Playing it for 329 hours now and it's still one of my favourite games on Steam.I highly recommended this game for Rally Sport fans.How could we live without this game for so long?"
,Recommended,310560,29419675,Posted: 22 January,all,Ratko,"Definitely the best rally game out there. Tons of content here starting from campaign mode where you can take part in championships in one of the three disciplines (rally, rallycross or hillclimb) and then there are online events with daily, weekly and monthly challenges where your time gets ranked with all the other players that took part in them.Gameplay- Tons of cars, all with different handling which can make the game completely different when you switch between them- Great variety of maps, each one requires different approach in terms of handling the car well- You can do in depth car setup customization which can make a huge difference how your car handles at different surfaces leading to better end results- Forget about dirt 3 and all of the previous arcade games, this ones takes time and skill to master- Learning to manual shift gears, customize car setup and lots of practice is what it takes to winGraphics- Amazing graphics, haven't seen a better looking racing game so far- Driving in cockpit camera with some bad weather can take your breath away- Car damage is very much present, it also can feel a little bit unreal at some times- All in all, great looking game with stable FPSI would describe the game as a dark souls of rallying. It takes time and effort to master but the reward is greatly satisfying!"
,Recommended,310560,15650963,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Nocturnal,The best rally game yet. Finally a DiRT game with just rally. Buy. This. Now.
,Recommended,310560,19755583,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,BennyQc,"For me Dirt rally is like a love/hate relationship, its so hard but fun at the same time.I drive almost exclusively the BMW e30 and let me tell you its a pain in some place..I break in average 1 xbox controler per 20hrs, im at my 3rd..10/10 would break another controller."
,Recommended,310560,19695750,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,cole roddy,The Dark Souls of rally racing games.Would sell my soul again to try to accomplish the objective.
,Recommended,310560,15586872,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Party Magician,"TL;DRHard, but fair, and gives you some breathing room even if you make mistakes. (As I often did)A simcade player's view on Dirt:RallyDisclaimer: This is a review written by nowhere-near-a-pro racer who does it purely for fun and intended for those who are similarly-minded. If any portion of the following causes you to want to type “git gud” in the comments, you're not the intended audience. There are plenty reviews detailing every simulation aspect elsewhere on this page.That said, to my noobrethrenThis is the best type of simulator. Yes the current press releases and this very page boasts mostly about the reworked physics, the painstaking recreation of sufaces and handling, but the biggest thing for me is different, and that is that Dirt: Rally, seeking simulation glory,does not forget to be a fun game.I play games for relaxation and entertainment, and this game provides. It punishes mistakes, yes, but it doesn't do so unfairly, and unlike many other sims a small slip won't ruin your entire day.I was disappointed at first with the exclusion of Codies' famous flashback system, as it could give some breathing room to the tightest situations in other games, but the game without it is not as punishing as I thought it would be. If you get flung far off the track, you can reset with a time penalty. If you get seriously damaged, you can restart the stage — they are mostly notthatlong despite what it might have looked like with the ""realism"" goal. You lose some of the bonus for restarting, but that has been the case for flashbacks in previous games, so it's clear where it's coming from.The handling system is not easy to master, but largely intuitive, and I've seen some improvements even by the second stage.Word of advice: Don't aim for first place at first. It is intentionally set to be a goal that's hard to achieve. Opponents are nicely spaced out, and in most cases even losing very very badly won't get you a last place."
,Recommended,310560,20987220,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,© Blackday,"In few lines - ""It's the Dark Souls of Racing Games"""
76561197970773711,Recommended,310560,15658169,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,SaOk,"The best codemasters published game in 10 years. Enjoying very much so far. Only the default sets are way too understeering, gear ratio is poor and needed to drop steering saturation with g27 to half. To get better feel of grip, tire sounds should be higher and any additions to tire behaviour would be nice. Currently feels that the grip is same for each tire even driving half car on ice and and half on deep snow. Only when tire burst the balanse gets less symmetrical. But excelent  start in early access. Richard Burns Rally is finally getting a proper competitior."
,Recommended,310560,18651929,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,swatt,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IY9YNF5MMQo
,Recommended,310560,23570475,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Jegzzy,The Dark Souls of rallying.
,Recommended,310560,25525381,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Silent,"Easily the best rally game I have ever played. DiRT Rally brings back the best aspects of old Colin McRae Rally games and combines it with great visuals even better than in older DiRT titles.Beware though, the game is hard. I'm trying to play it on a gamepad without any assists enabled and it's truly challenging - taming a RWD Group B car on ice is nearly impossible!My biggest issue with the game? Multiplayer is Rallycross exclusive - so you can't compete with other drivers on rally nor hillclimb stages. Shame, because DiRT3 did it perfectly :("
,Recommended,310560,20331990,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,IceChill,"Let me discribe the 4 stages of rally mania.Stage 1.Driving home after work.200.Past the supermarket.50, square left.Don't cut.Into parking to stop.Stage 2.At the supermarket.Straight untill dairy.Right 3 at the cheeses.Into left 3 towards dry foods.Hairpin right. Don't cut.Past the bacons.200 to stop.Stage 3.Cooking dinner.Right 5 around cat, caution.Hairpin - right where my girlfriend left it.To fridge and left 3 bags of groceries in the car.Proceed to tear basilic leaves, don't cut.This is becoming quite punny, to stop.Stage 4.No ... enough, stop, lets cut to the chase. *drives off cliff*Don't cut.Does my girlfriend think I'm crazy?Has this game impacted my life?Is this my final cry for help before I'm consumed by the dark deep fear of cutting?Perhaps.All I know for now is ... don't cut, or bad things will happen.___Seriously though, the game features narrow stages. Going off road just a little means getting the nose stuck in the snow, hitting a rock, trees, or simply making some exhuberant flips and rolls because the ground isn't flat anymore. The maps are really nicely made with a lot of detail, and are very fun to drive. Big improvement over DiRT 3 are the menus: clean, with non-intrusive background music, and plenty of options. Overall a great rally experience.This game is not easy, but you wouldn't like it if it was."
,Recommended,310560,19580033,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,blondbassist,The Dark Souls of Rally Games.
76561197991173463,Recommended,310560,15867293,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,PriesT,"(Wishes/suggestions for the devs at the bottom of this review)+ That oldschool rally feeling+ graphics (especially the backdrops)+ Cars from the 70's right up to the modern era.- Campaign needs a lot of work. As of this date, it's simply a bunch of randomly generated and repeated championships.7/10. (10/10 of campaign gets fleshed out properly.)Would crash again!-- Wishes and suggestions --Put the player in a real rally racers shoes. We want to experience the interaction with team management, sponsers, sms, emails, fan-chat, videos, news! Get some voice actors. I loved how ealier games did a whole trailer interior design, with TV's screens and such, that was awesome, and made me come back for more.Don't just throw random racemaps in the players face. Make it like it is in real life, in the correct order, with the right tournament names.Really, the hard part is over, you got the game mechanics working. Now you just gotta make us, the players, feel at home in your game (how hard can it be? ;)"
76561198118977063,Recommended,310560,26513075,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Beforethepast,"Do you like rally racing?Do you like realistic looking cars?Do you like a challenge?Say no more, this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,310560,21691724,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,TommyK154,"Update 3/2017:Got back on to see if anything has changed for the better, the answer is no. Finally time to uninstall.As someone who got this game almost day 1 of Early Alpha, I keep coming back to try and update my review. I loved this game in its early stages but its now a full release and it's just not that good. It definitely has the best fanboys though, as all the objective and critical reviews and buried deep underneath piles of ""this game is so hard I rolled on the first corner so obviously its super realistic"" nonsense. And I'm sure many will dismiss this as me being bad at the game (despite being on the top 5% of leaderboards) or that I just don't get it (despite having played this entire series since McRae 2.0 all the way through to DiRT3, and various simracers like Assetto), but here is an actual critical review instead of making jokes about cars rolling over.The BadJust on content alone, my decision would be ""No"". The price you pay for what you get is pretty terrible. All things considered, there's really not that much more content than there was in alpha (at the time of review). There's only 5 rally locations and there's only like 3/4 long tracks in each location, which then get broken down into smaller segments to create an illusion that theres more content then there actually is. There's also a lack of cars. The diversity(60s, Group B, Group A, etc) is pretty good, but the choices within these groups is terrible. Most only have 2 or 3 cars to choose from. The new Seb Rally EVO and WRC games put Dirt Rally toabsolute shamein this regard. On paper you might look and say ""but there's also Hillclimb and Rallycross"", and I'll reply with those are so underdeveloped it's even less than an afterthought. The content/price is just not there.Now onto the meat of the game. First off lets get this out of the way, not having rewinds is a stupid idea. There is no discussion about this. The fanboys will try to tell you til they are bleeding out of their mouths that this makes the game ""more realistic"" but guess what, you don't have to use them if you don't want to. Not having rewinds is literally a waste of life as the game screws you over with its terrible tire puncture model(more on that later) or with its terrible track edges which defy any and all physics and send 1000kg cars flying 2-stories into the air upon the slightest contact, which I assume is to prevent exessive cutting, but screws over people who just got off track a bit. The track edges have been a well documented issue which was mostly ""fixed"" in the later Sweden and Finland stages, but still exist in all the other tracks.But that's a liveable annoyance compared to the balloon, I mean tire, model. Which again, wouldn't be that bad if you could just rewind instead of a) restarting completely or b) taking a 1:30 penalty for something that in some cases isn't even your fault (and that's the part that really upsets me). Smashing into something with the side of your car will lead to a puncture 100% of the time regardless of how slow the impact was, which can usually be understandable. Where the BS comes in is in situation where damage to the front of the car results in a rear puncture or vice versa. I've rolled the car onto its roof before and I kid you not, as I did so my co-driver called out a puncture. Its this kind of unrelated damage leading to a puncture that will drive you mad. But STILL, that's nowhere near as bad as the Finland Phenomenon where you get punctures for no reason. You can stay on the track 100% of the time and still get punctures out of nowhere. And again this wouldn't be that big of an issue if I could just rewind the BS punctures back, but you can't. Not having rewind is NOT a feature. It just wastes so much of your actual life.And yet ANOTHER bad feature that could be ignored if they simply added rewind: the pacenotes are terrible. Not everywhere but in enough places on enough stages to throw you off. This game makes terrible use of the ""plus"" and ""minus"" modifiers and considers some turns to be ""straight"" enough not to even warrant a ""6"" whereas on other stages turns much straighter will be marked as a ""6"", leading to confusion on how bad the turn actually is. There is no way to change this. Likewise the timings are inconsistent. Some stages you'll be going along wondering why a turn was called so early or furious that one was called way too late. And theres no way to change it (you can set calls to early/normal/late but that applies to ALL of them, not just the ones you want to change). This is another case where a simple rewind (see the theme here?), now knowing that the turn is tighter/wider or earlier/later, would basically turn this into a non-issue.The only thing that a rewind couldn't solve is the UI. Terrible design. Takes 11 button presses to do things that should only take 2. Still a waste of real life, but a minimal complaint compared to everything else.FFB seems to be a pretty subjective topic, but I personally find it not great and inconsistent. Maybe if you want to spend 5hrs digging around in settings you can make something good, but I believe it should work decently out of the box, which it doesn't (at least with default setttings on the G27). Again, subjective and there is a lot of customization available, but this might be the worst default FFB out of all the games I've played.The career mode is a joke, to the point where I've had this game since alpha launch and it took me this long to remember it exists. Its just premade events (like the custom single events you can play) strung along one after the other to make up a ""season"". You can hire different engineers which are better at fixing certain parts as if it actually makes a difference (spoiler alert: it doesn't) and you can unlock skills for them which don't affect repair time or skill or anything actually useful, just how fast you unlock ""upgrades"" for your car. The upgrades are another joke, each car has 3 and I dont even know what they are because that's how generic the upgrade system is. They also don't make any noticible difference after being added onto your car. Zero/minimal effort was put into this.The GoodI don't need to go into this too much since the good reviews are the only ones getting upvoted. But as other people say, graphics are good, probably the best of all rally game out there. I've had very few stutter and pop-in issues with an Nvidia card on max graphics, very rare but they exist. Sound is also probably the best you'll get from the current selection of rally games. For the most part its an immersive experience all around. Pretty good and fairly dense crowds, although definitely should be more dense in some parts (going off of real life footage) and its a shame they don't try to get out of your way. Even if you're trying to turn your car around at <5mph after a spin or something, the crowd won't move and its instant +15sec penalty upon contact. But great in-game and replay camera angles really add to the immersion. The in-car camera also has a bunch of customization movement-wise (up/down, forward/back, etc). The co-driver is a bit quiet and there is no audio slider to change this, but he does speak clearly at least.I'll give it credit for taking a franchise which completely lost its way and attempting to get it back on track. Because that's really why this game exists. Its basically a giant beta for Dirt Rally 2, which is how the devs have been treating it if you follow their diaries the youtube channel. I'm glad this game exists and the racing community is better because it does, but this is far from the ultimate rally game. It is however, a promising step forward and for the future of this franchise. Online leagues are the only thing that keep me coming back, if it wasn't for the bragging rights of beating other people I'd really have no interest left unless some new content or drastic changes were added."
,Recommended,310560,33139760,Posted: 2 July,all,Suede,DiRT Rally is the Dark Souls of racing games
,Recommended,310560,28751155,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SMcG Gamer,"What can I say? Well, DiRT Rally is the ultimate Rally game, offering a realistic simulation of the real sport. Compared to the older games in the series, this feels truly incredible to drive in as the physics have improved massively. The game comes with a lot of cars and liveries, very detailed tracks and challenging AI.It's well worth picking up the DiRT Bundle in a sale, however this game alone is well worth the full price!"
76561198104254385,Recommended,310560,20838218,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,GermanMachine7,"I hated racing games and car simulators. Then I played Dirt Rally, I do not hate car games now, That is how good this game is!9/10"
,Recommended,310560,18726114,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,jericho,most satisfying racing experience I've had in the recent years (and probably ever)
,Recommended,310560,15761611,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,=EBS=TheProvokedPrawn,The only time in my life I've enjoyed being told how to drive.
,Recommended,310560,23097912,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Heimi,"Just the best Rally game/simulator ever, if not the best motorsports game up to date.Looks aweseome, feels awesome. Long time motivation through career mode and car upgrades and also Daily/Weekly/Monthly events.Just hope they keep it updated and send 1-2 DLC`s.Rallycross could have more content and it needs some finetuning for handling and -most important- crash behaviour."
,Recommended,310560,20823077,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,jgbspqr,Best game ever. Can't keep my hands off it!My only wish was for some looooonnngggg stages like 30-50km. But I know that doesn't really appeal and probably hard to make.
76561198012132754,Recommended,310560,26162656,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Source,"Dirt Rally ditches the gimmicks and focuses on a hard core rally experience.The difficulty can be daunting at times, as the courses that stretch the genuinely beautiful scenery can be really hairy to navigate.  I'm playing with a G27 wheel and it makes for a fantatic experience that forces me to put in what I get out.  If I didn't listen to my navigator when he said ""Right 1"" and I go in too hot, I pay the price.Car damage really does impact your pace and a surprising number of repair variables are present from suspension to radiators to gear box.  The car handling feels right and the phyiscs are spot on.  It looks great and here's the most important part: when you stay focused and put a solid run in on a course, there is a genuine sense of reward.My biggest gripe is the menu system.  I haven't looked at enough reviews to see if others largely agree, so maybe its just me, but I don't like the layout or how I choose championships, multiplayer or otherwise.  Additionally, multiplayer seems to be relegated to just rally cross, which isn't my cup of tea.  I miss multiplayer traditional rally time attacks.  Again, maybe they are in there, but I can't find it! Strange.That said, Dirt Rally is the real deal rally experience.Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,310560,20872295,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Orange - Satsuma Wrestler,"You can pretend to be Petter Solberg oversteering in a Welsh forest. You can pretend to be Petter Solberg oversteering on a snowy Swedish road. You can oversteer in the air in Finland (whilst pretending to be Petter Solberg). You can oversteer off of a cliff in Greece (Petter Solberg is better than this). You can pretend to be Petter Solberg oversteering on Ice in Monte Carlo. And you try to be disciplined like Petter Solberg and not oversteer (too much) on the tarmac of Germany.Basically, you spend your entire rally career going very sideways with your mouth open (like Petter Solberg). Unlike Petter Solberg you will often ignore the co-driver's urgent call of ""Don't cut."" When you ignore this you stop being Petter Solberg and restart the stage from the bottom of the ravine or whilst inside a tree (sometimes both at once).Alternatively give Rally Cross a go and pretend to be Petter Solberg winning the World Rally Cross Championship by oversteering around 3 official circuits.Overall this is a great Petter Solberg simulator. 10/10"
,Recommended,310560,15584022,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,digitalxak,"As soon as I saw the title, instant download! I have been chomping at the bit to play a decent DiRT again and this definitely delivers.Pro's:-Great sound effects, cars, surface etc.-Wide variety of weather options for each track (each with day and night variants)-Good selection of retro to modern cars.-Good selection of tracks, each with a reverse option.-Graphics are very nice indeed.Cons:None that I've seen to be honest, yet.You really need to be on your toes in this game, it's not like DiRT 3 where driving each stage was simple."
,Recommended,310560,15662006,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,superalekZ,"Finally a realistic rally game. It's nothing like Dirt 3.Physics are amazing, the car's really feel like they have some weight and they are sliding.Graphics are awesome and the cars' sounds are probably the new benchmark.Definitely worth the money!Of course it needs some tweaking here and there but I am actually optimistic considering Dirt Rally"
,Recommended,310560,23475716,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,__proto__,"Pros:- The physics feel fun and realistic- Tracks are tricky and narrow, not perfect set pieces- Audio is excellent and extremely detailed- Customizable and tweakable (e.g. HUD, driver assists, controller responsiveness/sensitivity etc)- Steam CloudCons:- Grass has a semi-noticeable, weird grid-like effect which is apparent on some tracks (only on AMD cards I think)- Rare graphical glitch where the stage is engulfed in black- Online mode lacking- No ghosts or easy way to look up all your laptimes that I've found- When doing time trials, you have to wait like 10 seconds to restart again which adds upPeople often say there are not enough tracks, which is true for the online mode, but only partially true for the rally portion. While there aren't many rally tracks (I think like 10-12), they are very lengthy and even at 150 hours I don't know all the ins and outs of all the tracks (though I do remember most turns). Going back to Dirt 3 and noticing the absurdly short rally tracks is kinda laughable. In fact, everything about the older Dirt games feels way too simple - from the audio to the physics. The old dirt games feel like you're driving a toy on some sort of flat and perfect course.In summary this is one of the few racing games worth playing right now. The pros heavily outweigh the cons. It's especially great if you appreciate realistic feeling, yet still fun racing games. I haven't played a racing game this much since the older Need for Speed games (which I stopped playing when Criterion Games removed manual transmission and casualized the Hot Pursuit series)."
76561198087817959,Recommended,310560,24683352,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,P A T R I C K S T A R,this is basically the Dark Souls of racing games!!
,Recommended,310560,15583092,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Smalltownboy,Codemasters seem to have gone for the all out bum clenching edge of the seat driving not seen in any rally game for years.
76561198084841887,Recommended,310560,19867636,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Bender Rodriguez -F1AK-,"Hands down the best rally sim game on steam. Dirt Rally is aimed at the hardcore rally fans and has a steep learning curve to truly master the game, however also offers difficulty levels challenging enough for new players and veterans of the game. You need a racing wheel or controller if you want to play the game at a serious level. The game offers a lot of replayability and is great value for money in my opinion.The game is visually stunning and offers a wide variety of game modes. You can play through a career mode, race in online multiplayer or set up leagues and compete against your friends best times. There are 6 different rally locations with 12 stages on each, as well as various Pikes Peaks routes and rally cross events. There's plenty of cars to choose from and the game isn't related to previous ""dirt"" games other than in the name, so you can pick and choose what cars and stages you want to race without being forced into any unwanted races."
76561197969540560,Recommended,310560,24250859,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Hicks,"Just played this in VR....what a fantastic implementation.  Great menus, completely usable without removing the HMD.WELL DONE!"
,Recommended,310560,15818749,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,tru89x (Team Portly),This is probably the best rally game i have played since the original Dirt and Colin Mcrae games.
,Recommended,310560,15618074,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,chainlinkspiral,"I've never been more terrified of a racing game. Thrilling, scary stuff. Your butt may turtle.The Dark Souls of racing games comparison is surprisingly apt. Starts off punishing, but grows rewarding with every failure. Not the prettiest of pretties, but drops you into the world and hopes you survive.Still early, buttldr; would recklessly endanger my rally co-driver again."
76561198065707069,Recommended,310560,20106880,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BigEyesShortCock,Be careful with this game! Eventhough its onsale right now its more expensive than it appears! I bought this game then a race wheel then a bucket seat and next thing I know i have a fully rally sim in my house.......
76561198027221330,Recommended,310560,19643107,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Tauntaun guts,Finland is scary.
,Recommended,310560,16580496,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mandula,"I just freakin' love it! The successor to Richard Burns Rally!The first and the most important of all: it's a SIM, not an arcade game. Don't be disappointed if you crash in your first corner, just keep trying, it's HARD at first try. But that feeling, when you achieve some results - absolutely brilliant, incredible and rewarding! Everything is perfect about this game, and nope, I'm not biased. It's that great! And it will get even better! Don't ignore the game just because it's Early Access (in this case, Codies use this Steam feature to their advantages, really!). It's the rally simulation we (rally fans / sim players) all waited for a long time.The tracks are completely stunning, built with so much detail, creativity and attention - the whole environment is alive while you are rushing towards the finish line, either on gravel, tarmac, ice or snow. You have a really intensive and real connection to the surface, that's why I recommend playing it with a better wheel which has Force Feedback. The cars sound great, like nowhere else in a rally simulator. The Steam Workshop support is a nice addition, as you can get some controller settings and great car setups for specific tracks from other players, if you want to improve your stage times. The v1.10 update added some great tutorials for beginners, for those who aren't familiar with rally racing or even racing in general. I find those videos a great addition to the package.The tracks are in Wales, Greece, Monaco, Germany, Finland, Sweden, USA (Hillclimb), Norway (Rallycross), England (Rallycross), Sweden (Rallycross), and they are all real-world tracks (if you don't believe me, check out my guide at the bottom of my review)!The only thing I can say as a negative is that it doesn't have a multiplayer mode for rally, with staggered starts, but I hope we can get it somehow, sometimes.The way they handle community feedback is absolutely brilliant. DiRT Rally's Early Access period was it's best period, and the best EA I've ever seen. During the progress we went through the simulator evolved and got better based on feedback. Kudos to Codemasters, they are going in a really, really great way. Colin McRae would be proud! :-)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=470160373"
,Recommended,310560,28060988,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cannondalex,"DIRT Rally is like your girlfriend, someday you love her, someday you hate her.And sometimes, she’s against you and you have no clue why...I love how the game is a simulation, but not too excessive. They really found a good middle between fun and races that are very demanding.Quality content! Musics are great. Physics and driving make sense, every car is unique, and sounds are pleasurable! Each places and stages are very well optimized and very fun in their own way.CONS-Not much content, I would have loved more Hillclimb races and more customization on cars!!-Graphics could be perfectible(Playing on very high settings)OS : Microsoft Windows 10CPU : AMD FX-8350 Eight-Core 4.0 GHzGPU : Asus Strix GTX970 4GBRAM : Kingston Hyper Fury X 16GB @ 1866Mhz"
,Recommended,310560,24252113,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Reaves,"With the Oculus Rift VR support added all I can say is wow. I've been playing project cars for some time in VR as well as games like Elite Dangerous and War Thunder but nothing has beaten DiRT Rally for immersion. This game showcases how great VR is. Unfortunately once you play it in VR you will never be able to use a monitor again, it is epic."
76561197972797920,Recommended,310560,19650104,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,(DoW) Pedobear,"Awesome game, feels like Colin McRae 2 :)"
,Recommended,310560,15590706,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,maplesyrupghost,"It's the rally game we always wanted, and it's so dirty.  Driving at night in the rain is probably the most realism I have felt from a racing game.  There's also a career mode where you can upgrade your car.  It's perfect in my books.  Plus we don't have to wait to play it!  It feels like a finished product, perfectly optimized on the absolute highest settings it will go I'm getting like 70-100+ FPS easily without any issues with a really old processor.  Insanely well optimized.Flaw?  Career mode needs a bit of a tweak.  You can't really redo races, and there's only one state of progression, no going back, you lose your cash you're out of luck.  Can't really make any mistakes at all during your entire progress through the game with the exception of resetting each time during a race to the start.  I was just trying it out and after my first little set of races I did horribly because I crashed my car basically, and got a DNF for that race.  So basically a horrible fail and I lost more money than I earned.  It was the first race so I just wanted to start over but you can't.  There's an option to reset your game which I did, and it resets everything including your games' stats.  Sort of sucks, considering if you were playing a career mode for a long time and you made a few mistakes down the road (fall off the track?) and don't have time to finish restarting, you would have to basically reset your entire game save including everything you've ever done.  Much different than Dirt 3 where you can basically redo those tour races over and over until you got perfect on each one.  You never had the risk of losing it all because you had a friend come over and had to exit the game and lose your whole career mode lol.  I left suggestions on the developer's feedback forum, I hope they can realize this oversight.Anyways, having played the game for a few days, I no longer see this as a big drawback (not that it really was in the first place), but you just have to play this game differently.  You have to seriously do well on your championship races or don't even do them, but since you can endlessly restart you can keep redoing them until you get a not-horrible-run and then continue to the next race, you'll always come out at a profit and if you are really good and you can complete all of the races without restarting the game rewards you for that.My favorite part of the game are the online races.  Not interactively online but challenges that we get to do every day, week, and there is also a monthly event.  This basically ensures the game will always be somewhat fresh.  In the challenge, you can't reset the round, you have one shot to complete it and if you fall too far off the track you could end a 24-race monthly challenge in an instant and never be able to attempt it until the next month.  It's refreshingly difficult and you have to really pay attention, but you don't have to really sweat it because you can practise as much as you like arcade mode.  Pretty cool game.I'd like to see the vehicle upgrading enhanced a little bit.  You don't have direct control over it, you hire crew and the crew automatically does upgrades for you.  It's pretty weird but I guess they thought it was a good idea, I'd rather have to save up money and have to buy individual parts or at least have a level 1-5 on each part and buy upgrades for them.  Their system might work out okay, better than nothing, but the repair system in between races should be tweaked a bit.  If you have 85% wheel condition you can repair it up to 90% condition?  It should be more specific in which parts are getting fixed, and let you choose.  Maybe not super specific but for example your headlights, that's bundled in with 'body', you might want to put a lot of repairs into the body/headlights because your upcoming race is night time and it's pretty much impossible without lights and if you have 60% body condition and repair it to 70%, are your lights even going to be fixed?  If not, that was a waste of your repair time, but I'd much rather the game let me pick exactly what needs to be fixed.  You might have 1 wheel missing at the end of a race, it would be nice to just have that wheel and maybe your headlights fixed, seems pretty reasonable for a game this hardcore with it's permadeath 24 race rally runs, they should at least grant you a bit more control over it.All in all, a helluva time, 10/10, so great that we get to play the game as they are developing it."
,Recommended,310560,19561620,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ducatijonny,"Well, what can I say..., This game is fantastic, the best rally sim in ages, Ive been with it since early access begun, the game has gone from strentgh to strength, I hope codies do some DLC for more cars and locations.pros-great handling and physics especially on gravel-great graphics-locations are well varied and atsmospheric-best car sounds in any sim period-lots of rally-in depth tuning-great selection of cars and difference in 4wd,fwd and rwd-easy to drive, hard to master-rally cross and pikes peak-great community on codemaster forums-great FFB when set up correctlycons-needs updated replay system, especially external replay cameras-more cars and locationsPlease codies do more of the same with this game."
,Recommended,310560,32922991,Posted: 28 June,all,got_milk2h,RIDE - POWERSLIDE - CRASH - REPEAT
,Recommended,310560,15623309,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,RodRacing,"The greatest invention for Rally lovers since the original Colin McRae Rally games.No more Gymkhana, no more extremely annoying american going Muchacho, Hombre, Amigo, Dude, post that on youtube maaaaan, nonsense.Tricky stages, great handling with no overly grippy surfaces like in Dirt 3 where you could throw your car into every corner just tapping the brakes to load the front and then a short handbrake tap to get the rear to slide as you hammer the power through.AGAIN, NO GYMKHANA!"
,Recommended,310560,20064230,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,GTOfire,"A big thumbs up. The driving to me feels worthy to be called an RBR successor, and it's definitely that type of sim-realism that they've gone for with this game. The roads are narrow, the cliffs are steep, the cars are fast and when the co-driver says ""don't cut"", you'd better do as he says.Downsides include:* No content modding support at the time of writing (just after launch), nor do we know yet if they plan to make new content themselves* Cars are in ample supply, though some classics are omitted for licensing reasons I assume. No Toyota Corolla for example.* Locations are varied, but don't amount to a great deal of drivable road. Each event (6 now) contains 2 long stages, and these stages are in various configurations for a full rally, by cutting them in 2 and doing them again and then the reverse of all of those. I certainly enjoy the reverse stages as much as the forward, but driving the exact same stage twice in the same direction can get tedious if an event gives you A reverse, then A, then AB, then B, and then B reverse all in a row.* No rally school or playground to mess around in, though you can always just load up any stage on any event in any car in custom event mode.* The co-driver is very important, and you learn to trust him over time. But at the same time there are 1 or 2 turns per location where he calls a turn much wider than it is and you wish you could punch him in the face for it. It's not often so you eventually learn that a particular turn is coming and what it really is, but there's no pacenote editor right now to fix it properly.All in all, yes I've mentioned a bunch of negatives, but overall the postives vastly outweigh them. Even as a newcomer you'll learn the tricks quickly enough to progress through the cars and after 57 hours of driving the stages in various configurations I can't say I'm tired of driving them yet. Even if they deliver no additional content down the line through free or paid DLC, and even if they don't support modders doing it for them, the game is fully worth the price of admission for what it currently offers. And if you end up being 'done' with this game after 100 hours and want to go back to RBR mods, that was 100 hours very well spent."
,Recommended,310560,30315104,Posted: 4 March,all,Hydralisk,"Linux Version: 10/10! (Debian testing (stretch), 64bits; Logitech Driving Force GT wheel, transmission & pedals)"
76561198031499000,Recommended,310560,15671309,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Round_Lake,"I truly recommend this game!If you are are rally fan then this is a most have same goes for any one that like driving!My favorite features:-No rewind-You don't need to win to progress the career-Stages take some minutes to finish at least-Realistic night driving-Very good interior veiw.-Really nice co driver so far.-Really great physics, graphics and sounds ( I really mean it, it looks great and best of all it runs great!)As a huge rally fan and car game fan this is the ultimnate game for me, Codemasters has really done somthing great this time!ALSO TO NOTE, You don't have to pay extra for uppcoming content (Y)"
76561197989543143,Recommended,310560,19957169,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Eza,"Wasn't expecting Codemaster to be able to make actual sim after all the Ken Block's.. But they did.If you are searching alternative for Richard Burns Rally, this is it. Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,310560,24792993,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Dionysor,"I had so much joy with DiRT 3, but there's more. Let's have a close look to DiRT Rally.DiRT Rally is a rally game with plenty of modes like plain rally, rallycross and hillclimb. In the career, you start up with the oldest rally cars you can imagine of and pick either generated championships that go harder and harder or your own created championships. Over time you earn money and can buy some better cars and hire trained engineers that keep your car alive and install handy upgrades.Graphics, sounds and physics are a impressive step and don't need overkill hardware. Recently, VR support was added which I find fancy. I haven't one of those VR-headsets yet, though.Be aware that DiRT Rally is pretty much deep and demanding, therefore I'd rather call it a simulator, a tough one. There's no map, just You, the Co-driver and the car. Not all the damage can be repaired at once and it even decreases the earnings if you decide to restart. There's only one try for the online time trials also. In the other hand, you can activate driving aids if you need to.It's important to find the most comfy steering method and the car's tuning for you. Keep a cool head and take breaks over time.Do you love cars and won't mind a bunch of dirt? Would you accept the challenge? Get it."
,Recommended,310560,19678400,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Impetus,"This is a great rally sim game, it manages to be challenging throughout the game since the difficulty increases as you get better and there are no flashbacks.  The driving mechanics are good, there are lots of cars, lots of stages. And codemasters are steadily adding new content and improving the game.Beginners can drive with assists but you get better stage times without.So if you are up for a challenge it will be a fun and rewarding ride, i recommend playing with wheel or a gamepad.9/10"
76561198068437272,Recommended,310560,18638182,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Fungist,"Reviews here are already saying whats need to be said, i just put my vote here.Best rally sim ever."
76561198091455628,Recommended,310560,15651770,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,STARSCREAMvs,AMAZING GAME.Thank god a rally game that is good. So happy i got this. I would recomend this to any one that misses rally games being point to point and not like where the dirt series went. I loved the first dirt and dirt 2 on my x box. There was allways something missing though.This game is for any one who likes to test there skills. I still can't get first but i'm having so much fun i don't really care.BUY ITpsLove the reviews mentioning the gymkana nads.
,Recommended,310560,15630343,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,RacerAce27,"The true sequel that the Colin Mcrae/Dirt series deserves. It is also the most realistic game in the series, with closer to reality driving and longer rally stages than the previous 2 Dirt games.Since it's still in early access, more goodies are to come for this fantastic rally game.Plays very well with an Xbox 360 controller. Recomended even if in Early Access as it has a generous amount of content for playing around with for now."
,Recommended,310560,18897218,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Codemasters Racing StudioPublishers:CodemastersInitial release:Dec 2015Genre:Racing, Off-Road, Rally#Worth/NotWorth:#DefinitelyWorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationVersion 0.9This is the Rally game you've always wanted. Focused on pure point to point racing. No more Gymkhana.After getting used to the physics in this game, going back to older DiRT games feel like arcade folly. There are 3 basic modes Rally, Hill-climb and recently the added Rally X Cross (which is the only mode wherein other cars share the road with you.)Updates are frequent with new cars and tracks. Each track being a location with very specific road conditions and each rally being different sections of that track including the mirror versions of those different sections. Tarmac, snow/ice, loose gravel of varying sizes which all give a different feel when driving. Mud behaves differently than dry dirt as does the vehicle depending on your drivetrain. It'll make you want to buy a wheel if you didn't have one already.Lots of assists and bonus credits for turning them off. For easy entry into the series but still very difficult to master. There are no more flashbacks making racing much more intense. In its stead is a time penalty of resetting your car back onto the track. A nice trade off is you can avoid this penalty by getting back onto the track yourself before the timer deems you unable to get back.By far the most realistic entry into the series, I'd even extend that to all rally/off-road racing games; Graphically and more importantly the physics therein. Cars receive damage and even retain that damage through the races and must be repaired in between with possible time penalties for 'over repairing' beyond your given time to repair.You will build a team, crew chief and other members. That get better and more efficient the more they work with you. Make sure you keep their contract up as these people you hire will allow you to fix more things in between races and keep your vehicle in tip top shape even if you aren't the best driver in the world.This is quintessential if you're into off-road racing of any variety.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,310560,15609056,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Patrick™,"After a few hours, I have to say I'm very impressed. Coming from simulators such as iRacing and Assetto Corsa, I would say DiRT Rally is in the same league.I have some experience with Richard Burns Rally which is touted as being the best driving simulation available, which I would absolutely agree with. It's hard for me to compare the two as I haven't played RBR in a while, however, I remember RBR just feeling right when I first tried it. DiRT Rally also gave me this feeling so they must be doing something right. Considering RBR was released 10 years ago, it's about time somebody challenged to be the king of driving simulation.The handling is raw and unforgiving. The sounds, especially in third person, are perfect. The graphics are good enough; which I don't mind as long as the handling feels good.Steering wheel support seems OK. using a G27, I set the degrees of rotation to 270 in logitech profiler and turned the wheel strength down to 80%, wheel weight to 40%. There doesn't seem to be any clutch support which is odd. I'm using elastic bands to convert my H-shifter into a sequential shifter. A handbrake is definitely a requirement now. In the next few days I'll be designing a 3d printable off/on handbrake which will use an Arduino Pro Micro as the USB device controller. Unfortunately I don't think a handbrake axis is supported.The pace notes let the game down at the moment. I'm forever shouting at my virtual co-driver when he calls a turn too late and I go flying off a cliff. To add to this, I don't like the graphical pacenotes overlay. It's very hard to distinguish what's coming up next at a glance if you didn't hear the co-driver say it (I know you wouldn't get this benefit IRL but it's poorly executed). I also think the pacenote graphics look childish and overly stylised which isn't in keeping with the clean and serious UI/attitude of the game.The in-game cameras are another slight let down. For the time being I'm forced to use the dash cam because the cockpit cam is too far back. I'd also like a bit more flexibility in the replays to watch on the TV style cams all the time. I understand why they've done it this way but it's a game, the devs have the ability to use any cameras they want.Another thing that annoys me is the vehicle recovery mechanic. Sometimes I'm not given a chance to recover the vehicle myself and I'm magically dumped back on the track with a time penalty. Something Richard Burns Rally did well was a quick animation showing spectators flipping the car back over for you. It just adds a bit of immersion rather than a magical lazy recovery to the middle of the track.I'm not too fond of the progression aspect of the championship. I'd prefer to test my skills as a driver rather than my patience. Having said that, the mini was pretty fun.All things considered I'd definitely recommend this game. With a bit more work and more content I can see it being really great. Thank you to codemasters for taking a step back and assessing the market. I've had enough of the assist ridden Monster Energy adverts you've been putting out over the past few years."
76561198007623529,Recommended,310560,32319753,Posted: 10 June,all,Jazzninja,"I suck at Dirt Rally. Most of my measly 4 hours in the game has been spent crashing or driving like a granny to avoid crashing. Feeling like a failure I decided to return to the comfort of Dirt 3 and found that old game to be utterly unsastifying. Because Dirt 3 is like the Guitar Hero of rally games, and Dirt Rally is more like playing an actual guitar - that is to say, it takes practice, and without practice you'll suck. Sure, the dude playing Dirt 3 will look pro, but I think I'd prefer to stick to the brutally challenging but ultimately more rewarding experience. Niggles though: the menus in Dirt Rally aren't great, and the career mode could have been more exciting without necessarily detracting from the no nonsense racing."
,Recommended,310560,15589192,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,RetardedCousin_Owl™,"I remember the day I saw DiRT2. Those fireworks, Hollywood style, the gymkhana. That day i felt like something died inside me. Then DiRT3 came, and wasn't much better, let's face it. And here I was, 5 hours ago still feeling something dead inside, wishing for a decent old school rally game...But I have to wish no more. Out of the blue this game came out and hands down, so far looks and feels awesome. Could be one of the best rally games ever without a doubt. No more fireworks, no more Hollywood bs. Only mud, dirt and nothing but rally.GraphicsGame looks fantastic. There's a few things that Codemasters should improve like the spectators. They kinda look ugly for a 2015 game. And there's a few visual bugs related to shadows but nothing too severe. Interiors are BEAUTIFUL, full of details and speaking about details, the game is full of them inside and outside the vehicles. The mud, the burning brakes at night...SoundAgain, fantastic job. Cars sound incredible, specially the group B. You can even hear the window rattle. Soundtrack is nice, nothing too fancy but does the job.GameplayNow, this is where the game proves that is not a DiRT4. Rally is closer to simulation than ever before. There's a few options to make the experience a lil close to arcade (ABS, TCS, stuff like that) but if you turn them all off the game feels pretty realistic. I can't say how close is to RBR but one thing is certain, this is completely different to DiRT or even CM.And they added a few features, like upgrades for the cars (Nothing too powerful to make that Mini the ultimate rally car) and staff management, where you choose the team, pay their salaries, fire them and ofc each one has different stats that affect for example, the amount of damage they can repair between stages.OverallI have to recommend this. It's been too long since we had an old school rally game. And so far looks promising, there's a few things they have to fix, content to add (Included hill climb. they have confirmed Pikes peak) and many cars to come before release. So far it includes 17 cars and 36 stages (You can set the hour, included night) so there's plenty to play around till the next update.It is kinda awkward to say this, but... Thank you Codemasters.And remember, ""Being fast is about skill, not raw speed"". Otherwise this happens...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=433408088"
,Recommended,310560,21031805,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Scott,"GeneralDirt Rally is a brilliant rally game. Brilliant graphics and hope for features to come in the future.UIThe UI is simple and clean. It looks very effective and can be easily navigated from one area to another. The help of quick selection makes the transition of moving from settings to game play instantaneously. No problems here.GraphicsThe graphics are very good, even when playing on a lower preset they are still top-notch.Game PlayIt’s no arcade, this feels like a simulator. You lose grip on gravel, your wheel feels loose on the ice! It’s the best Rally simulator game yet, and also has a licence for the World Rally Cross Championship, so not only are you sliding around in the mud on stages but are also wheel to wheel racing over jumps and joker sections!I highly recommend the game to anyone that has a love for rally, although be aware it’s not for the faint hearted.I would recommend this game"
76561197980057614,Recommended,310560,17370307,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Jasper_Villa,A massive update every month. This has to be the best early access title i've ever played. It's a shame i'm rubbish at it!
76561198046892094,Recommended,310560,16440545,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,FrozenGhost,This game can run on my 3+ year old laptop that was never made for gaming. Smoothly.That is some amazing opimization
,Recommended,310560,25995394,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,.Gerald,"Some people call DiRT Rally ""Dark Souls of racing games""...And they are right"
,Recommended,310560,15594547,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Modern Bear,"DiRT goes back to its roots. There is no Gymkhana here. It is just pure rally racing, and it is not as forgiving as previous versions of DiRT. This is much more of a sim racing game than recent DiRT games, and moreso than the WRC games too.I have been playing the game with an Xbox 360 controller, and with no assists on it is challenging to stay on the course. You have to watch your speed as you approach turns, make sure you enter and exit the turns without drastic changes in throttle and steering, or else you will end up in a tree. At least you can reset your car onto the course if you do crash, but you will take a time penalty and your car may be damaged. I imagine the game would be even more fun with a wheel and pedals.The courses are narrow and stages are longer than in DiRT 3. Damage is in the game (cannot be turned off) and it will effect your car. I had a right front puncture in the middle of a stage and had to finish the stage with the car pulling to the right the whole time. That was nerve wracking but realistic. One time I went off so fast my car was totaled, forcing me to retire from the event.All the typical camera angles are here, from a follow view, bumper cam, hood cam, dashboard cam, and the traditional cockpit cam. There are a lot of graphical settings to adjust to your computer's abilities. Buttons can be remapped too, which may seem like a minor thing but some games (The Crew) have left this option out.There are some shortcomings to DiRT Rally as it stands right now. I cannot hear the pace notes and I'm not sure why. I tried various settings but they just do not play for me. Hopefully this will be tracked down and fixed soon because driving blind (there is no course minimap) is tricky. The selection of locations and cars is a bit sparse for now, but this is early access and more are coming. One other feature I would like to see is the ability to adjust sensitivity for the controller, to fit different tastes. I would like the option to turn it down slightly.Overall this is a good racing game for early access. There already is a lot of polish to the game and it has promise. This is not your typical DiRT game meant to be blasted through without practice. With patience it can be an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,310560,20124537,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Windy Darian,"This game offers a pure rallying experience with almost no distraction. Although there is only one car on the track, you have to push to the edge of your skills to get a better result while maintaining control of your car.The game is frustrating at first, I crashed at every corner and destroyed my car during the first race. But, it has the magic power to keep me playing.I guess the power is hope. ""What if I didn't crash at that corner?"" The hope of getting better keeps players playing. As I keep driving, I crash less and get more and more confident. The game encourage players to switch off assists both by extra rewards and the possibly better stage time and this became the first driving game I dare play with all assists off. I switched off one assist every championship and now I feel confident controlling my car.10/10 I even rally in my dreams."
,Recommended,310560,31737788,Posted: 13 May,all,JDubz,"Dirt RallyDirt Rally is well self-explanatory, you drive a Rally car and race on through to the finish having to deal with bumpy terrain, Asphalt, sharp corners, etc.Seems easy right?Oh boy, I thought so too. Boy, I was sure wrong.Imagine this game as Dirt 3 or Dirt 2 even, but more heavily simulated. Knowing I have very little of Gameplay, roughly over two hours at this current state, this game is...very frustrating.  You have to be aware as you listen to your Co-Driver and keep your eyes on the road. Trust me, the moment you look away, it'll be too late and see yourself tumbling down a cliff.What's Included in this installment?The Scenery: There is a lot of work and detail put on the tracks you have to race on, good amount vegetation and so on.Weather: The Weather is pretty neat too, feeling the realism as you slip and slide with Rain pounding down on you. Dealing with Ice through the winter climate is a complete game changer.Vehicles: There's a lot of vehicles to pick and choose to your desires. You have your starter vehicles of the 1960's to today's modern Rally cars.Pkies Peak: Hill Climbing (Will provide more information later)The Difficulty: Oh boy, this was an interesting one. Prepare yourself for a real challenge. Imagine this game as Dark Souls, but put in a Rally game.Final VerdictLook, if you want a game with a real challenge, this is a game for you. I myself have been looking for a game that was challenging for once, especially playing the previous Dirt titles. The weather, the tracks are great along with the vehicle selections.For my overall rating on this game, I would give it a solid 9/10!"
,Recommended,310560,29153499,Posted: 9 January,all,wakak,"Finally a RALLY game! No Ken Block, no Travis Pastrana, no gymkhana.Feels a lot like DiRT 1 which is a good thing.Point to Point rallying at it's finest. If you don't have respect for your surroundings you will DNF in the first 5 seconds of a race every time. It's a pretty hard game, like it should be! No one ever said driving 120 mph through the woods should be easy :)Lot's of cool cars that are actually used to rally in real life.The only con so far for me is the lack of Rally raid style races with the offroad trucks in a point to point race with others racing at the same time. I really enjoyed that style of race from DiRT 1.Overall a perfect rallying game.11/10  Colin McRae Would be proud"
,Recommended,310560,19550538,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Sir Phil McKraken,"DiRT Rally is the rally sim that rally fans everywhere have been waiting for.If your attention strays for 1 second, you may find yourself going in for a frenchie with a tree at 80mph.Codemasters took the risk of taking on this in essence, side project based on user feedback a couple of years back. They decided to go down the early access route and I can tell you from a day 1 player, this has gone from strength to strength and by far the best early access game I have put my time into and also rally sim game. This area has been barren for a number of years since Richard Burns Rally came out and to imagine that people are still playing and modding that game showed there was still a desire for these games out there.If you are expecting a DiRT 3 sequel, be wary. This game is HARD. You have to actually practice proper rally techniques rather than the usual arcade brake, turn and accelerate. You do that in this game and either you will oversteer or understeer off the road. This game doesn't forgive. Even after my 110 hours in the game (possibly the most in any racing game to date) I still manage to crash either based on my split second ignoring my co driver or an error in speed.But that is the beauty of this game and that is why I have so many hours in it. It makes you want to improve. Don't expect to be topping leaderboards in the championship mode, hell even coming 5th when you start is a godsend. You have to upgrade your car and your driving skills. Slower is generally quicker I have discovered. Floor the throttle and you will find yourself in a smooth embrace with a tree.If you are into PVP, they have also signed a deal with the FIA World Rallycross Championhip which brings some well known tracks and a number of the current cars from the IRL championship including Petter Solberg's DS3 and the Fiesta. This is a great experience so long as you get some people who are willing to play fair but that is the same in all pvp.TLDR Section!Pros-- Great driving physics- Wide range of cars and tracks- Daily, weekly and monthly events for chances to earn extra cash competing against all other players on the leaderboard- Steep learning curve (this is if you love a challenge and improving, if not look down)Cons-- Steep learning curve, part 2 (this is not a game for the casual racer. It will take practice and time to get good and find the enjoyment in it- While there are a number of different tracks, you will find some of the longer tracks cut in half to count as some extra stages rather than every stage be the same. Personally doesn't bother me though.- Damage engine isn't very advanced I think due to a dated engine. I imagine if they knew how popular this would get they would have started from scratch.I throughly recommend this game and can't wait until the Oculus Rift consumer version releases so I can get fully 'into it'!"
,Recommended,310560,15629530,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Via Coma (Quest For Happiness),"Summary: If you (like me) loved the rally events of the Dirt series, you will love this game. More challenging than it's predecessors, the learning curve is steep but rewarding. I've played the first two full events available, and I could NOT pause the game, itch my face, or check my phone. This is adrenaline pumping sim rally car driving in the best way.Wow. Having played Dirt 2, Dirt 3, and Showdown, each with a X360 controller, and Logitech G21 wheel/pedals, I've been loving the Dirt series for quite some time, in various ways.Dirt 2 was a dream. Yes, there were various events that I didn't like as much as others, but having completed the game various times, it is definitely enjoyable. Dirt 2 had long rally races unlike other racing games I had played prior. I grew up trail riding on dirt bikes while camping, and nothing had ever come close to creating this feeling of adventure and adrenaline. Since the release date, I've enjoyed Dirt 2 with all setups at my disposal, oddly my favorite of which was the X360 controller (a slight blend of sim and arcade), but getting the game to work with my Oculus DK2 and the G21 was incredible. Although I still haven't managed to get the DK2 to provide head tracking, so I suppose it's more like your head is bolted looked straight the whole time. Ah well.Dirt 3 had some more recognizable rally events (with relation to this game, heavily wooded tight tracks), yet an abundance of new and less enjoyable event types. With the graphical improvement of 3, it was hard to resist playing, but I, sadly, never completed the game given the various other event types. (I'm looking at you gymkhana!) This game was better suited for my G21, but ultimately the tracks just weren't... right with me. Perhaps it was the slightly heavier sim element, but with event types that were arcade feeling that put me off, I also missed the Dirt 2 desert trail feeling.Showdown, I played very slightly.Dirt Rally is a very humble new beginning for the Dirt Series (ditching the numbers, aside to Showdown) which focuses on my favorite aspect of the game. Although in it's current form it does not include my favorite vibe of track (desert trailblazer style), the aesthetic, customization options, sim options, X360 compatibility, and all around feeling of the game are present in the best way yet. The graphics are fantastic (running at 70FPS average on Ultra) and FEELS like trail-riding, although trapped in a car. I would ask Codemasters to include dirt bikes if possible, but they have the perfect formula for off road rally cars. Oh, and lastly, Codemasters, please add paved parts of maps. The feeling of getting off the vibration centric dirt roads of Dirt 2 onto pavement in a 350+HP car and hauling a** for a minute was incredible."
,Recommended,310560,15615443,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,MinDBlanKSCO,"Well well well, codemasters!I loathed the F1 series, I hated the way the DiRT series went and then this little diamond came along, unannounced out of the blue.Now my opinions;FFB is slightly better now (Still isn't the best and will need refinement).The graphics are very good. I'm able to run with it completely maxed at ultra for the settings it allows.No flashy, WHAM-BAM, 'merica menu's.Unforgiving career mode, make one mistake and you'll struggle to get podium.You have to listen for the co-driver and at the moment I'm keeping the visuals on too. (It's that bad!)The feeling of the driving isn't as bad as full on sim but it isn't as arcady as the others.G27 preset out the box.Plays like a real rally season, repairs cost time (if you are slower than first you can make time up without repairing), you don't get to repair after every stage and a restart costs you bonus cash from the final pay cheque.Really cannot fault this game, it won't be the ultimate sim that some would like, but car setup isn't just as simple as shocks and dampers either. Camber is there and i forget what else. You have to use a car more and more to get the advanced setup options tho.Peugeot 205GTi Evo 2, Lancia Delta S4, Escort Mk2, RS200, Audi Quattro and a Metro 6R4. In heaven here!I say buy it and see for yourself.Edit*Want to challenge your friends to time attacks? Steam friend leaderboards Incorporated.Want daily, weekly and monthly challenges? Incorporated.Racenet online leagues? Incorporated.Boost gauge next to rev counter? Incorporated!"
,Recommended,310560,29491161,Posted: 25 January,all,KT_Extinction,"I'm not a racing or rally fan, but this game, this is something else. There is something amazing here. I picked up Dirt Rally on a whim and I can’t seem to stop playing it.This is a hard as nails pure racing game, through and through. No storyline about how you’re a young upstart who’s going to rise up and challenge the king of the road, no brother murdered by rival street gangs to avenge, none of that stuff. This is a game where it’s just you, your metallic hunk of an overpowered vehicle, your hapless co-driver, and the winding, indifferent road. Drive your heart out.Despite more than ten hours in the game, I still don't know how to take hairpins well. Basically I'm still using the brake, close my eyes, turn into the corner, and Jesus take the wheel method but I barely just managed to finish the 1960s championship in first place after hundreds of restarts, and it was as satisfying as a difficult section of Dark Souls. In fact managing to pull off any track perfectly feels like beating one of the bosses in Dark Souls, it's a similar ""push/pull"" feeling where you're working to get yourself to that state where you're 100% in control. In Dark Souls if you get too greedy and try to go all out and attack the boss with everything you’ve got, most likely you’re going to get smashed to death immediately. Similarly in Dirt Rally, if you drive recklessly in an attempt to get the best time, that's a perfect recipe for inadvertently flinging yourself off the side of a cliff at high speeds. In Dark Souls if you are too passive the boss’s attacks will eventually wear you and your estus down, and in Dirt Rally if you drive too slow you won't place well in the leaderboard, so there is a fine balance in risk vs reward. This game ticks many of the same feelings for me as Dark Souls, which was surprisingly enjoyable, somewhat like a pseudo masochistic desire to “git gud.”I'm not a fan of the additional rallycross mode (with you and a bunch of other racers on a circular track), but thankfully the focus is on pure rally, and there are many real life locations/ tracks to drive in, although to be honest I wished there were a few more. In an effort to ""git gud"", I've started watching rally races on YouTube as well as reading up on real life driving maneuvers/techniques to improve my game, and anytime a video game pushes me to learn more about a certain discipline IRL is a good thing in my book. I mean, I still can’t pull any of them off reliably, but baby steps, right? The physics in this game are extremely well modeled, RWD, FWB, and 4WD all feel different in how they operate, which lends interesting choices as to which car to purchase and compete with, at least in the earlier races. The many road surfaces feel great and visceral to drive on, and the vehicle handling plus the subtle vibration in the controller really sells the feeling that you are on a gravel road, or an ice sheet, or just plain, smooth asphalt. The game’s environments are beautiful as well, and immersive as hell when you using one of the cockpit modes. I don’t have a VR headset, but trust me that this would be the first game that I would try if I was to ever get one.I'm playing with a Xbox 360 controller using manual sequential (including manual clutch control) with some ABS assistance and it's perfectly playable. Call me casual, that’s fine, but the game really has hit a sweet spot between letting casual players like me have fun with a stiff challenge and being a true rally simulation for those with wheels and pedals, all without being too difficult to get into as to be alienating.If you’re somebody who is into rally racing or just racing in general, I’m certain you already own this game. If you’re somebody who likes challenging experiences, but has no idea what’s a Scandinavian Flick is or what a cluster♥♥♥♥ the Group B cars were, I would recommend Dirt Rally wholeheartedly to you based purely on how satisfying the game is when you put some time into it. And honestly, you’re looking at a learning curve of only 3-4 hours before things start making sense, so don’t be scared away by that term, “Learning Curve.”Just remember, DON’T CUT!"
,Recommended,310560,15733759,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Stokijs,"version 0,3 and i am already loving this game...Finally a true Rally game... none of that gymkhana monster energy ken block ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Game is super detailed in every aspect... Sound... Visuals... Game mechanics...handling....kudos to Sound designers... Engines sound right and very small deetail from rocks bumping and squeeeking brake disc sounds when you hit hard on Brakes. Even spitfires sound right when in replay camera is somewhere in forrest and you can hear that sharp shooting noise without even seeing car.10/10 would bang again!"
76561198005768269,Recommended,310560,24453862,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Stulio,"I was getting concerned about the lack of good VR content, this game has officially restored my faith. I played quite a bit on the non VR version and the improvement in my driving after switching to VR is substantial. I can anticipate turns much better and have an overall better feel for the driving dynamics of the vehicle. Oh, and this isn't a crappy VR port, it feels tailor made for the goggles.Went back to Project Cars VR, huge fan of 2D version btw, for a comparison. Dirt puts it to shame. Graphics settings remain extensive and I have them maxed on an MSI 1070 with oculus debug tool set to 1.5. Like butter after the 2 most recent Nvidia driver updates.It's relatively intense mentally, not motion sickness mind you, and I usually need to take a break after an hour or so. This is a good thing and reminds me of the adrenaline drain after going to a real track, although not quite that dramatic.i5 6600k16GB G.Skill DDR4 @ 3000MSI Krait Z170 moboMSI Gamer X 1070 OC'dSamsung ssd 850 evo 500GBSharks w/ Freakin' Laser Beams"
,Recommended,310560,20044662,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,lolschrauber,DaRK Rally: Prepare To Die™ Edition
76561198257713322,Recommended,310560,19105022,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,S2N Moon,"What can i say about this game that hasn't already been said.. in my opinion its the best Rally simulator to be made in the last 16yrs, i have been gaming 30yrs this year, yes thats right im that old. and in all that time i have never played a Rally simulator as good as this, yes i know Richard Burns Rally is hailed as king of Rally games in some peoples eyes.. but Dirt Rally keeps you coming back for more, it,s not easy by any means, but if you put the time in and get good at it, it gives you a feeling of accomplishment, now i have played most racing simulators in my time and i can say there,s not many that give you that feeling.. i will say onething i know it can be played with a pad or keyboard but you really need a wheel to get the most out of this game, it,s just that a wheel gives you so much more immersion..."
,Recommended,310560,16479646,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Hanzales,"IT IS AWESOME!I really love Dirt Rally, especially now with the new FFB update, after a bit of tweaking it's a hell of a ride! Especially with the soft lock feature. Hairpins are very easy to handle now on all surfaces, excellent. Snow-tarmac track at night with Impreza=spectacular :) Very nice graphics, great sounds and now also great feeling of the rallying itself. I love RBR, I love Dirt series, but this is something else and very special. I'm really glad I joined to this great project. Even now for me it's almost perfect. And Pikes Peak (mixed surfase) is a nice challenge too. If you like rally, you cannot miss this. Runs nice, looks nice, drive nice, this is nice nice nice.... going back racing :)"
76561198082640923,Recommended,310560,19695442,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Paul196UK,"Now that this Rally SIM is out of Early Access I've deleted my old review and decided on a new review.  I've played over 300 hrs on this game which speaks volumns on how good this is. I've played this more than any other racing game. Why? Its so realistic. I actually feel I'm driving a real car.  The graphics and Physics are spot on. The Forcefeedback on a steering wheel is spot on.  All of the Rally stages are perfect offering a wide range of surfaces. PLus with Rally cross and the Hill climb race makes it a true all rounder. Something for everyone.  You never get bored as with the daily, weekly and monthly events it always gives you something to come back to each week. PLus with the PVP online gaming events which you play with fellow drivers on the Rally cross is spot on and offers a diferent aspect to this Rally Sim.  I've had this game from almost day one in the early access stage and have just seen this grow from strength to strength. Yes it had its ups and downs but with the Codies working very cloisely to the community we worked around all the niggles that occurred.  Is it worth buying? Yes sir it is one to have in your collection. It is hard to master and I recommend always to take your time and just aim to finish a stage.  This isnt your usual arcade racer where you are guaranteed to win every stage. This one makes you work for it.  I'm still only managing to reach 7th or 8th place in the masters league and I've played over 300 hrs.  But I keep coming back because of the challenges it presents me and for the realism. Theres nothing else out there like it in the modern age of rally sims."
,Recommended,310560,18698347,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Desert Ranger,It's the Dark Souls of rally games; really hard to get into but it becomes your favourite game once you master it
,Recommended,310560,15601078,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ravenousbeast_music_on,I haven't raged this much since I first tried Richard Burns Rally... 9/10
,Recommended,310560,15595925,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Zedd NZ,"As a gravel driver I have been looking for a more sim based rallying game. Until now there has really only been one outdated (but good) game to play. Dirt Rally however is everything I wanted and more.LIKES: Great realism, the best sound in any racing game EVER!!, fantastic graphics, good tuning options, A REAL CHALLENGE of a game...not something you will master in 5 minutes ;)DISLIKES: None really, its a fantastic sim racer, with more and more features coming on board...see the timeline :)Some people may be expecting more of a DiRT3 (arcade) experience, this game is not like that, but a reality-based simulator. Be prepared to spend time driving the cars and understanding how the cars move, and what to adjust.Yes there is online content, in the form of daily/weekly/monthly race events where you compete against other drivers from around the world (but only on a time basis - there are no ghost cars just like real rallying!)I CANT WAIT FOR: RALLYCROSS!!!!! XD"
,Recommended,310560,30266741,Posted: 1 March,all,MayhemMero,"I come from a background of racing. I've raced everything from go karts to sprint cars, from dirt to asphalt. I've never driven a rally car and hope to one day do that, but the amount of feel you have in this game, is insane. The realism of your co pilot and their direction makes your mind wander into a real world painted by codemasters. I have had the most fun and the most challenges with this game. Getting frustrated is part of racing, always trying to improve is part of racing, and consistency is king. This game wraps all of those factors into a screen right in front of you and makes it feel REAL. I love this game, will continue to play this game. Will continue to get better. 10/10."
,Recommended,310560,20793756,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mixa | sh0ck1n,Man vs Machine vs Nature
,Recommended,310560,16043551,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,drivingbro / broburga - YouTube,"Fantastic looking game and feeling, like no rally game ever before! :D So much fun and actually pretty realistic, but the Force Feedback sucks to be honest, impossible to drift a BMW for ex. but i'm sure the DEVS will fix it shortly. In the meantime there are tweaks/mods to make it feel better that you can download at your own risk. /using a T500rs steering wheel and TH8rs shifter. Check me out on youtube for onboard videos of this game: broburga"
76561197974803128,Recommended,310560,15650758,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,twitch.tv/Mortified666,"Got to hand it to Codemasters. They have delivered. This game is everything I wanted in a Rally Simulator. It is fast, the handling feels amazing and the graphics are stunning. Highly recommended for all you Rally fans out there."
76561198115375872,Recommended,310560,19890649,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,colourmeinkindness,Most frustrating game I've ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,310560,17961992,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Kasey the Wolf,Don't Cut.10/10
76561197971916033,Recommended,310560,18943136,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Warchest,Best rally game since Richard Burns Rally
76561198024091699,Recommended,310560,17718518,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Fr€nÇh TΩ@$t,"The best car racing game I've ever played. That game is not for everyone, really competitive and it's still getting better and better. Dirt Rally killed other racing games I used to play (NFS Shift 2, The Run, Rivals, Grid) that are too arcadish for me now because they lack real physics. Like some one said here, it's the Dark souls of racing, There is only one person to blame if you go outta the road, flip your car and get penalised: YOU!!!"
,Recommended,310560,15830701,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,heavy makeup,So far Codemasters has been handling early access better than pretty much anyone else out there. Their communications and responsiveness to feedback has been exceptional.
76561198034509042,Recommended,310560,22908681,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Septer,"Crest, square right deceptive double caution.... crash.... restart and crash another three times at the same bloody corner.Great game, feels even better when you make your way through the learning curve. (X360 controller)"
,Recommended,310560,20515911,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Yggoak,Best rally sim since RBR.No more dubstep and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ken Block.Good job codemasters.
,Recommended,310560,31726337,Posted: 13 May,all,Igzorn,"Have a driver's license irl for 10 years.Buy Dirt Rally and install.Turn off every HUD-element there is.Play with manual gear shift and in first person mode.Figure out there is no tutorial.EDIT: Not finding the tutorial... xDStart an event.Laugh at the gibberish from your co-pilot and crash the car in the 1st heavy turn.All joking aside: Growing up with Gran Turismo, I think this is a very nice racing game. You can play it hardcore as i did or you can go into a more assisted (and more arcade-like?) way of racing.I love gravel... and I hate ice..."
,Recommended,310560,15591220,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,KyoDani,"Thank you based Codies for a proper rally game. It feels like a modern Richard Burns RallyPros:-Proper rally ""simulation"", as in you have multiple stages with damage carrying over and the ability to repair damage with mechanics, provided you have enough time-No rewind function-Tracks are beautifully made with various dips, camber variations, crests and aren't 3 lanes wide anymore-Sound is great and are immersive-Graphics are clean with no unnecessary bloom and the like-Physics are definitely a step in the right direction and feel realistic and believable, you can feel the load turn the steering wheel heavy as you slide horizontally (though I've never driven a car through a gravel forest going 120km/h so I'm not too sure how realistic it feels)-Adjustable car setup with nice depth-Music is reminiscent of the classic Colin McRae Rally games-Pacenotes are organic sounding and natural, with pitch variations, blending rapid corners perfectly and detailed cautions-No frills, no BS, just RALLYING.Cons:-FFB needs definite work, feels much too muddy-Tracks are too short. Average being around 4 or 5 minutes long. Would be nice to have longer stages to mix things up-While car setup has a nice depth to it, they're still set by sliders. I'd like an advanced option to fine tune things with proper terms (angle/degrees, kN/m, mm, etc etc), though this is just nitpicking from me-Though there's a FOV option, it's pretty much useless-Can't hide steering wheel or arms in cockpit view-Mediocre performance, average only about 25-30fps on medium settings at 1600x900 with a 270x"
,Recommended,310560,15663525,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,static,"A complex and extremely replayable racing game focused on traditional stage rallies and timed hillclimb events.DiRT Rally ditches the energy drinks, stadium trucks, drift events and general ""American dudebro"" motif of DiRT 2 & 3, and focuses completely and carefully on stage rallies, car maintenance and crew management.  Gone is the arcade feel of the previous games; DiRT Rally offers complex handling and modeling, making vehicle choice and pre-race setup a major consideration that will affect every aspect of an upcoming event.  Graphics and sound are extremely well-realized, making shakedowns and races a deeply absorbing experience.While DiRT Rally has only been released into Early Access for a few days, it's already remarkable well-developed and refined, offering intense racing experiences in a variety of challenging locations.  The game is slated to be in Early Access development for the next 6-7 months, and it will only increase in depth and quality during that time.  Highly recommended for all racing simulation enthusiasts and rally fans!"
76561197999034250,Recommended,310560,30537072,Posted: 15 March,all,Snaxx,You want realism? this game is for you! the best rally racing ever.10/10
,Recommended,310560,19629523,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Diablosp,"DIRT Rally is a game about discovery. About learning. About sweat. It's also about cars, and rallying, but it's more focused on yourself than any racing game I have ever played. Playing DIRT Rally drops you right inside the cockpit of a rally car, and demands of you to be as good as the real drivers in the real thing, because it's driving simulation is phenomenally close to the real thing. That's what makes it special. It's a non-stop race to learning the ropes, to learning to drive rally cars in different surfaces, to sweating on 10 minute specials where you need to shave 2 seconds, to discover what you are capable of when the odds are against you.It's the best off road racer of the last decade, and if you're even remotely interested in driving sims, cars, or rallying, you should buy it right now."
76561197981145012,Recommended,310560,19604537,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Brommy,"1. Get out your racing wheel2. Disable all HUD Elements3.Race till your hand start to hurt( after the first rally)4. ProfitWhat a Ride !!Great Game , one of the best Racing games I ever played. It is such an immersive racing game I think I really own a BMW E30 M3"
76561198011798933,Recommended,310560,25330650,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Phil Ciborowski,"If you were a fan of the old rally titles, then take a look at this one. While I have admittedly neglected this one - its still a blast! Its challenging to blast through the forest in the rain on slick, muddy tracks. Its not an arcade smash the gas like the previous dirt titles (tho those were fun too), but is more of a rally sim. Its also beautiflly detailed."
,Recommended,310560,33749101,Posted: 23 July,all,|fnatic| meme,Coming from DiRT 3 to DiRT Rally is like walking out of kindergarten and into WW3. This is a very challenging driving game.
,Recommended,310560,15629426,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,NeomuDunc,Did Richard Burns Rally have drones staring at you?Exactly.
,Recommended,310560,23486435,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,PSY,"As someone who has had no experience in rallying games before this, and coming from games such as burnout and need for speed, I can absolutely 100% say that this game is THE BEST racing game I have ever played. Even though it took me atleast about 3 hours of playing to just learn how not to crash, it was definitely worth it. There's something about getting those hairpins and those massive jumps just right that makes you feel like you've accomplised something. Not only that but it is unbelievably pretty. This game was definitely worth way more than what I payed for and I look forward for more content to be added to it. Kudos Codemasters. Kudos.CONS:- Game too pretty that I get distracted at times and crash."
76561198038782078,Recommended,310560,19142043,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,nio.george43,"In one sentence: Rally game made right.In an analysis: This is the true successor to Colin MC'ray Dirt and any rally game before the DiRT series. It is rougthless, unforgiving, muddy, nerv-racking, rage inducing piece of awesomeness. You don't get any tutorial or some♥♥♥♥♥**le that narates your every step like DiRT 3, it throws you in the pool without any warning and you will fight for your life and BY GOD you will fail without tomorrow and I mean it. You will crash, by god you will crash so many times that you will curse the time you bought it, but that's what is the BEST part of this game because you will try to get better. It doesn't have a difficulty setting, the difficulty comes with experience, because every car behavies completely different from the other and every stage have different effect on your driving. Your best chance of success comes from hearing your co-driver and your reaction time. I read of people bashing this game cause of ""the physics of the game is trash !!1"" or ""the updatez don't fix this or that"". WRONG ! Every update makes the game even better than before, and every car that's get added, it's a new challenge and you want to use it on every challenge again and again. The background audience are crap, but who cares ?! Will you buy this game for the generic audience or for the breathless setting you are driving ? Filland fills like Filland and Greece fills like Greece, no stage is the same even in the same country or even when you drive the same stage backwards. The car deteriorates even if you drive like a pro, you know why ? Because that's what happens in real life too, aggressive driving deteriorates the car faster and puts you first while cautious driving deteriorates the car slower but you loose time and standing in the champioships, LIKE IN REAL LIFE ! A rock in the road can either send you corrining of the road or damage your tires and make you loose time. Every decision matters. The car sounds are spot on. Don't try it with keyboard, it's impossible, try at least with a controller but as soon as you get the cash invest on a steering wheel with force feedback and possibly with a gearbox because you will need to make the gear changes yourself, because the game has a bad habit of putting the wrong gears on the most critical times.I can go on for much longer, but the bottom line is this. If you like REAL rally games, then you own yourself this game. If you are new to rally games, then start with this game, before you even touch any other rally game.End of story."
,Recommended,310560,22980864,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dirtbox,Terrifying satisfaction.
76561198140940463,Recommended,310560,33074821,Posted: 1 July,all,DriverOfTheDay,"Tough game. Takes a lot of effort to get used to unfortunetaly dont have a good wheel and with a pad I can't do much. its a good game, very hard. nothing  like dirt 3 handling"
,Recommended,310560,20384862,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,sussel,Greatest Rally sim there is!
,Recommended,310560,24032529,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MuscularTeeth,"amazing and fun game.here is my 3screen set up with wheel, pedals and h-shifter.https://youtu.be/nYwEzR8V-IQ"
76561198120733385,Recommended,310560,23571656,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,TheScaniaBeast,"This is a fantastic game, especially with a steering wheel! It's also very challenging but in a good way, would definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,310560,16468491,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Radijacija,"So,You think you was doing good in Dirt 3 and you can just go straight in this game? Wrong. Why? Read below.Let me say few things first. i am 30 year playerwho love racing games. I played Dirt 3 and i was with Codemasters from my young days playing CMR 2.First i was thinking ""oh another rally game with arcadish feeling, let me give it a shot and i will refind it if i don't like it"".Oh boy i was wrong.First game welcomes you explaining this is early acess game and your feedback is needed, what they say is true. Game is in early acess but you have feeling it is complete product. I have ASUS laptop with 6Gb of ram and AMD HD 8670M with 1 Gb, game runs without problems on 1366x768 on high details and it looks beautiful, no hickups, no crashes, alt-tabing is easy and so far i did not see single problem with it.Sound is good and loud, co-driver is loud enough so you can understand him without problems, also you are getting corner notifications on middle of the screen that are clear and perfectly readable.Now for driving feeling.I am playing this game on keyboard, standard arrow keys. It is perfectly playable but you will need to break a lot of sweat to finish stage. I am planingnow to get racing wheel just because of this game but that will not be so soon because i need to collect money and explain my wife (tough part). But yes it is perfectly playable on keyboard but if you want more realism and drive it on your racing wheel i am sure you will not be dissapointed. Cars have different driving models and you can feel Codemasters give their best all cars feel diferently and i can say they have great sucsess.Now for actual driving.You have setup for cars before every stage, you can adjust bunch of settings such as brake bias, gears, suspensions. Spend some time there so you can setup vehicle for your taste because default settings are ok and if you know what you doing you can tweak them even more for extra seconds.Do not expect you will sit in car and go 200+ Km/h doing sick drifts and tricks. No. Game is not that easy.You will have to sweat your palms a lot to keep car on road and moitor every corner, calculate every jump and listen your co-driver all the time. Game is not forgiving errors and even if you do fell off stage you can recover vehicle which will result in 10+ second penalty or more depending how badly you crashed.Damage is done realisticly, tires will pop, suspension will go off, water will boil and engine will cut out, your body will be crushed like coke can if you hit a tree or spin.You can fix your car in between stages, you have limited time for every part so you will need to think good about fixing priorities. For example you will be able to fix engine and gearbox but not body and exhaust so think good what you need and balance it acordingly.I can proudly say i am glad i bought this game and i have no doubt i will have a lot of fun playing it. If you are searching for brilliant rally that is realistic search no more, you found it. Even if you are rookie this is great game to spend money and time on.i just want to say one big Thank you to Codemasters for this game and i am hoping they will continue adding content to it.I will see you all online, on dirt. :)Have fun, God bless.Boris Radijacija"
,Recommended,310560,15583856,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,gheeD,"Its pretty damn good, much better than dirt 3 atleast. Coming from RBR surfaces feel too grippy to me, but the game and its functions are great."
,Recommended,310560,34787269,Posted: 6 September,all,AnsonMustang,I sold my Evo 8 after playing this game because it felt too arcade compared to this game.
76561197972261430,Recommended,310560,15664389,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ReNNy,"""left 6 long, easy right into finish""hands down best rally game. At this point in time it can only get even better!10/10 would go over crest into medium right again"
,Recommended,310560,17933049,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dr. Gnaw Mangus,"I've been on the look for a legit racing simulator for quite some time and i think this game is it.- Physics replicate road and tire feel very well and It is actually quite hard and challenging, not for those looking for arcade/relaxing style easy drive.- Driving the courses/cars requires proper concentration or you'll end up being losing time, smashed up, mental inconsistence, or disqualified for severe vehicular injury.- Drive as if you would in real life, loss of friction, bumps, road camber, etc. requires careful throttle, brake control, etc.. Learning curve is very high especially if not use to rally and can be a little frustrating but I personally would not want it any other way for a game like this.- Excellent environment providing all of it's elements including ice, rain, snow, dawn, night time racing with functional headlights and more.- No need to really go into further details, it is as close to Rallying as you can get without actually being in a rally. Even the co-drivers voice has a sense of urgency under fast technicals and can hear some shakiness in voice on uneven/bumpy terrain. Maybe it's my imagination as once you put your concentration into the game it gets intense, but voice for slower parts of the course does seem more calmly put.game 10/10 for an early access with well executed content so far.I do think the game can get a little more real to induce more awareness and caution i.e.) sometimes you can smack rocks and trees and keep going. /shrugMy game runs extremely fluid with minimal fps drop and if it does it'll not affect my experience. I have game on ULTRA.i5 quad 3.5GTX 970 Nvidia8gb RAMThis game has me considering even putting out for a logitech g27.. game is that good of a driver imo. I've been playing with Xbox One controller thus far and tuning it to run properly is very hard as a controller cannot beat the pedal travel and the stick cannot replicate a steering wheel at the slightest. (Often times you end up full lock either direction on the control stick, or I just don't have the finesse to finely move the stick minute amounts to deliver low steering angle...) I have played shortly on a wheel set up and I think it does this game the much needed justice over the controller and especially the keyboard. If this game does come out for console, I'm sure they'll have the game calibrated to easily accomodate controllers.I cannot comment on the multiplayer as I've yet to try it, also hoping for more cars, environments, and tuning options of course. I've also not checked either steam or their main forums but I hear from other reviews before I bought the game that developers are very much looking to bring the best rallying simulation possible and I hope they keep it as real as possible for future as well. This shows with their constant updates from a outside looker point of view.*Caution: this game may not appeal to ricers as you cannot- Slam the cars- Stretch the tires- Run -20 camber with the said abovebut you can and will scrape; as a bonus, possibly brake an oil pan =PCouple of tips:- DO NOT CUT, there are solid obstacles or big gaps that it's possible to destroy your car completely or severely injuring it for the remainder of the race.- Look ahead, if you see some major openings to set yourself up for speed do it"
,Recommended,310560,18264445,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,James!*,"I tend not to purchase games when they're in early access as I've had some bad experiences. Dirt Rally is far from one of those bad experiences! I bought the game when it was in 0.5 and already was very pleased with the game. Since then they've added the RallyCross and 2 more full stages in Germany and now Finland. With every update comes a huge amount of content and bugfixes and it is simply put a tremendous game. The sound is one of my favourites in any racing game i've played, the handling model is right up there as well. All in all I can't recommend this game enough for fans of rally of indeed driving games in general!!"
76561198069976975,Not Recommended,310560,20736699,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Poontang Boomerang,"After nearly 100 hours in, I figured it was time to throw my two cents into the bucket for DiRT Rally.The good:-Driving in DiRT Rally does what no other DiRT game has been able to accomplish:  make you feel like you're about to have a MASSIVE accident.  The stages are all real, and some quick searches on the internet will show you that the tree you just crashed into does actually exist, and the rock that sent you for a wild cartwheel has probably claimed a few egos as well.  While DiRT 3 had some of the best multiplayer modes to come out of the series, DiRT Rally fills the gap that has always existed:  Rally.  Not since the days of Richard Burns Rally has a game been able to make me think ""I'm about to destroy this car"" yet find a way to make me keep my foot down.-The visuals for this game are part of what gives you the feeling of excitement.  To me, graphics mean nothing in terms of how good a game is, but small things placed along rally stages such as little bushes, rocks, ditches, and even the high-density forests really do produce an exhilarating feeling as you roar through the stages.The bad:-The first, and probably the most jarring, thing that people notice is the lack of content.  Yes, there are (as of now) six different Rallies: Wales, Germany, Sweden, Finland, Monte Carlo, and Greece, however each rally is only two long stages of 15km+, with other stages consisting of half-runs through those stages.  One long stage is run in two directions, then each half is run in either direction, producing 6 stages for each long stage, thus 12 stages possible for each Rally. Fantastic, at first, and even goes so far as being challenging you to go faster as you learn the stages.  However, after a while the stages just become repetitive, and it's no longer new challenges.  You're either fast through the stage or you aren't, and the game begins to lose its luster.  The same goes for the other two modes:  Rallycross and Hillclimb.  So far, only three Rallycross tracks exist, with multiple layouts for each, while Hillclimb only has Pikes Peak, and that can be split into minor sections to add some substance to a rather thin environment.-There are a lot of cars, especially for a Rally game.  However, eagle-eyed players will be quick to note that specific cars will always outrun other cars, regardless of the situation.  For instance, the DiRT Rally forums are quick to point out that the Ford Fiesta is nearly impossible to beat on the Lydden Hill RX, the Peugeot is the king of Sweden's RX, and Norway's is a toss between the two.  As a result, RX multiplayer matches are full of Fords and Peugeots, with the other cars getting little love.  It also seems that there's no interest in addressing the issue.-Small bugs run rampant, and can ruin the game for some.  One major bug is the ""exhaust"" bug, which can turn a broken, worn-out wreck into a rocket ship.  Another, a little-known mod that may be correcting the variable surface built into the game, providing optimal conditions to those who use it, while others may be left with a worn-out and slick stage.  Currently, there is a popular topic on the forums about whether or not to completely wipe and reset the leaderboards because of it.-More issues, such as dodgy pace notes, fragile tires, shortcuts in the RX tracks, and a possible AI time bug exist, yet don't seem to be getting addressed.Conclusion:If you're a major rally nerd like I am, you'll love the feel this game provides.  Eventually though, everyone will inevitably grow weary of running the same stages over and over through Career mode.  Luckily there are Daily, Weekly, and Monthly modes to compete against the world, and see how you stack up against the human opponents.  A fantastic feature, but without pacing yourself, you could be left with nothing to do for a good portion of the week.  Despite that, I still love the game and play it almost every day, but I always wind up feeling disappointed and wishing there was that little extra something to keep me hooked."
76561197984055650,Recommended,310560,15783731,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Ashram,"This game... oh man.  It get's in your blood.  The different disciplines that are in play are complex, and most importantly, an absolute blast to play.  There's a fantastic sense of accomplishment that comes with learning this game.  Takes me back to Colin McRae, where it started.A true return to best form by Codemasters, keep working that career mode, and thanks for making a challenging, but not cheap, game."
,Recommended,310560,19551700,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,alt24,"It's the codemasters design team from a decade ago, with the codemasters graphics team of now. Perfect.Also works great with a wheel for once."
,Recommended,310560,15585875,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,noizz,"Got into an E30 for the initial run. Visitied every ditch, fallen from every cliff and met a few trees in the process. Came last with badly broken car. Repeated again in B Group car. Same story.10/10 - Haven't had so much fun rallying since RBR."
,Recommended,310560,15644938,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Justabit_Ginger,This game is very unforgiving but a true reward lies behind it .The handling is a lot more like the McRae games as dirt has gone back to it's roots with classic rallying.Take's a while to get good at the tracks and gives a good challenge.well optimized and promising future ! Epic Game!100/100!Keep up the work CodeMasters!
,Recommended,310560,17658652,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Jallen,"The mechanics in this game feel excellent, it runs smoothly, and it feels like an accurate simulation of actual driving.I play full manual with H-shifter & clutch on a Logitech G27 wheel (which the game picked up and configured the settings for perfectly) and the force feedback and wheel return is pretty much perfect. They seem to be adding new content fairly regularly, all of which so far has been of a very high quality.It's early access so there's a couple of small bugs here and there as of writing this review which I'm sure will get fixed, but nothing major. Alt tabbing the game means it switches to windowed mode which is annoying, and starting without launch control sometimes results in a jumped start even though I'm in neutral with the handbrake on. Otherwise I haven't noticed any other bugs and it hasn't crashed once.This is the best realistic driving game around right now, and one of the only games I would recommend buying in early access. They are doing early access right."
,Recommended,310560,15725351,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Metal Head,I'll be short here... 9/10!Pros:-Graphics-Difficulty-Whole idea to get back to Rally-CO driver and notes-Sounds!-Clutch works perfectly compared DiRT3 Complete EditionCons:-FFB with G27-Some cars have weird feel sometimes. Hard to drive straight even mid gas pressed-Some tracks don't give any FFB result when driving tarmac to ice or Heavy gravel to light etc.-In car view the steering wheel still turns like 200 degrees. It should be adjusted in menu or like that for more realistic-Few tracks and cars only so far (Lot's of more will be included later when development go further!)THIS REVIEW IS EARLY ACCESS!!!Setup that do 60fps V-Sync on with High/Medium graphicsGeForce nVidia GTX560Ti C.U. 1GB stock clocksPhenom II x 4 cores at stock 3200MHz12GB RAM 1333MHzWin 7 64-bitLogitech G27 + H-shifter
,Recommended,310560,22960128,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,🏁 Bravo Motors 🏁,"This has to be the best rally game in Simulation racing game history. And possibly one of the best purchases i have ever made for my computer. Great Job Codemasters, i'm proud of your outstanding work."
76561198054214794,Recommended,310560,19593517,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,tpe4ever,"I bought an old Microsoft Sidewinder Force 2 USB directional force feedback joystick used on eBay after playing Dirt 3 and loving the game, but feeling like the controls were way too similar to old console games from the 90s back before analog sticks came around.Back in the late 90s, I started a computer store and I used to sell the Logitech brand of directional force feedback wheels and sticks.  Logitech had the best hardware ever brought to the consumer market when it came to the sticks and the cables and the motors.  It made a decent racing/flying game an absolutely riviting experience.  To give an idea of why directional force feedback matters, try getting into a go-kart at a local kart racing place.  Just rent a kart and go around the track.  That wheel will fight you around every turn, and it makes the driver/road connection a real wrestling match.  This is also what it is like racing a full sized vehicle off road, on gravel, or on dirt.  When you push a vehicle to the limits of traction and beyond, that wheel becomes quite a bear to content with but it also gives you feedback about what the vehicle is doing that is less obvious otherwise.So feedback like this makes a racing experience more real.  Cool.  In addition, the tiny little sticks that most consoles use (like the 360 controller) don't have the fine degree of control that something like racing needs.  The tiny sticks are great when it comes to analog direction, but not so great when it comes to distance between center and fully pressed in a given direction.  This isn't important for all games, but the shortcoming becomes obvious in situations like racing.I play games sitting on the couch, with a projector screen in my living room connected to my PC.  This means a wheel and pedals would be quite cumbersome, because I have no desk to clamp such a monster to.  My experience with wheels is that they are often less precise than a large joystick, and certainly less precise than an actual hydraulic/cable driven steering wheel from a car or kart.All this is why I bought this joystick.  I bought such an old one because they don't make large, directional force feedback analog sticks like this anymore as near as I can tell, the market trends just aren't pushing them.  This old stick requires no drivers in Windows 7 x64, so it really is plug and play.  The old Logitech stick I used to own/sell is technically superior, but it isn't compatible with newer flavors of Windows so it isn't an option anymore.As to the experience, I actually bought Dirt Rally after having some difficulty setting it up with Dirt 3, seeing that Dirt Rally just came out, and reading an interview that says they added analog stick support to the default controller profiles set up for Dirt Rally.  I did get joystick support and directional feedback working with Dirt 3, but it just feels wrong, and it needs to be tuned in some manner because it will literlally throw me off the road even when I have the force dialed back to a mere 10% in the game.  The force reduction doesn't seem to work and the motors are strong enough to literally muscle you off the road, if the game/stick aren't tuned or tunable to work well together.I did have to go in and set the stick and the throttle (built into the stick) as needed so Dirt Rally knew what to do with it but once I did, the motors in the stick snapped to life and the stick was suddenly ready to go (it sits in a relaxed state with the stick lounging to the side until a game talks to it).I jumped into the first track, with the first car.  WOW!  Not only did it bring back memories of playing on my old analog stick and driving racing games like Need for Speed or Star Wars Pod Racing, even better, it reminded me of getting behind the wheel of an actual vehicle and carefully driving around mountain roads as I get a feel for how far I can safely push the vehicle.  I wasn't fast.  I wasn't a speed demon.  It felt like driving a real vehicle.  It wasn't relaxing, it was edge of your seat stuff!  I nearly felt like I had left my house, and had an adventure as I get a feel for gravel roads, as the feedback goes from pushing against you gently, to pushing harder, to going slack when you slingshot past a spot and know if your angle of entry wasn't good you are in trouble because the steering went slack due to a sudden and temporary complete lack of traction.This game isn't flashy.It isn't about eye candy.Tracks take longer, like real driving does.This is the game that gets you into racing.This is the game that gets you into racing games.This game is the reason you get better controllers.Kudos, and thanks for getting me back into racing, and giving me a reason to get into force feedback that is more than mere rumbles!"
,Recommended,310560,19260347,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,mais4u,The sound of Anti-Lag had me change my pants.10/10
76561198305262046,Recommended,310560,25414150,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Smallzeroman445,Most fun I've had in a racing game in a long time..I also have this on ps4 with over 100hrs played...bought this version for the VR.. and it's is absolutely amazing in VR.  A must have racing game and a must have VR experience
76561197992240559,Recommended,310560,15658111,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Hunter71,"I bought this on prerelease with a little concern given how hit or miss codemasters can be (Dirt Showdown anyone?) and didn't want a racing game aimed at the console crowd where a gamepad plays better than a wheel after all the assists are added. This game amazes with great physics, beautiful graphics, and a challenging set of race stages. It might be too sim-like and complicated for children with the extensive car set-ups and difficult runs, but the cars drive so realistically with a wheel (g27 here) it is incredibly immersive and provides a compelling racing experience.The cons are that it is still pre-release at this time and while the online challenges provide a sort of multiplayer, it still doesn't have true multiplayer races which I will be disappointed if they don't add eventually. And I'll be annoyed if this is all you get and the additional promised content will be DLC that you have to purchase after the ""official"" release of the game. Nevertheless, for the prerelease cost it is an awesome game that is worth buying if you like driving games with realistic physics and great graphics. My feeling is that the work Codemasters put into the physics paid off and they have a winner in this genre."
,Recommended,310560,15735570,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,voomba,"I got a problem since I got this DiRT Rally...  I can't stop playing! hahahahI never drive a rally sim before, just regular race sims...  but I saw a lot of RBR and others, I want to get some to try, but except for RBR the reviews are not so good.Then this game came on steam, I saw some postive reviews, and decided to get it, and I don't regret!It's amazing, very funny, challenging, addictive!The technics to drive a rally car are some different. I'm liking to practice and get a bit better now since my first stages, but I still have  a lot to learn. It's very cool!One positive aspect is it seems Codemasters are listen the public, the foruns are crowded and the devs are open to feedbacks.The game is in early access now, but already playable, and we hope its getting even better over the time.If you like race sims, and want to race rally way, give it a try, good chances you'll like it."
,Recommended,310560,15654240,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,tomtalk24,"It's good, feels updated, give you goosebumps... What more could you want if you like rally? (the compleated game no doubt)My only problem with this game is its still plagued with Codemaster things mainly with the car modeling, brakes that glow red hot for only a second, damage from Dirt Showdown days. Not very new or fresh.edit:The tracks need much more work, the roads are pointy and blotchy. Not very natural, but this is early work. I'm starting to think Dirt Rally isn't new, the car modeling annoys me far too much. Please give the cars some soul, some mass, better visual physics, nerd stuff like traction blobs and brake temp. It currently feels fake :/edit2:The water effects is fantastic, tracks are coming on well yet the skybox is a little ugly.Lost my left back tier on a new finnish stage, sparks constantly. Another rant about car realisum wouldnt help this review but with Project Cars 2 looking as if it may introduce rally CM needs to pick up the pace if they want to keep the crown of best PC rally game.Still, the game gets my heart pounding. Darting around corners then shooting off into intense speeds over rough roads, if you do that well for most of the stage! gotta love it!"
76561198189474298,Recommended,310560,25815271,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ceolmor,"If you like rallying, driving or a challenge, buy DiRT Rally.If you've ever wondered how rally drivers control their cars in the amazing way in which they do, well DiRT Rally will give you some idea.Other track based racing sims I have are very good, but for me DiRT Rally provides the best overall driving experience.  The cars feel alive!    Spend a bit of time getting it to feel right for you and do a little research about ffb settings and mods.Don't expect to jump in a car and to be quick immediately.  This is a sim.  It will take time to learn and master it, but you will have fun while you are doing so.  With over 280 hours in DiRT Rally I am still learning, and still getting quicker!FinallyDRIVE SLOWER TO GO FASTERYou will have heard this before.  It sounds silly, but its true.  Don't drive on the limit and on the edge of crashing at every bend and you will be amazed at your stage times.  The WRC drivers talk about ""getting into a rhythm.""  When you get into that rhythm you will understand what they mean."
76561198082980952,Recommended,310560,18399978,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Levy1978,"I don't do video games, I don't care for console's I prefer to actually compete / watch and marshal on real rallies.Then Dirt Rally came out and it looked good, my old laptop was too underpowered to run the game so only one thing for it, build a gaming rig!!This game is exactly what true Rally fans have been wanting for about 10 years, the stages are perfectly recreated the cars handle as they should, this is a Rally sim not a wrc style arcade racing game.Don't be put off by previous Dirt titles this is the real rallying deal."
76561197971562414,Recommended,310560,19611029,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Korsobar,Have you ever had a nightmare about driving off the side of a cliff?  Now you can play that as a game.  Complete with crazed lunatic passenger who yells incomprehensible things at you with a British accent.  Highly recommended.
76561197961563239,Recommended,310560,19946498,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Phoenix,"First off, I am a long time PC racing simmer, going back to the early Papyrus days with Indianapolis 500. These days I race with an Obutto Ozone cockpit, G27 wheel and pedals, and a Fanatec Clubsport Shifter SQ.Let me just say that Dirt Rally is a superb game and racing sim in most respects. If you have interest in rally racing (both modern rally and vintage/historic rally,) it's a safe bet that you will more than get your money's worth out of the game. So now to break it down a bit more:Pros:-Wide variety of cars, broken down into very interesting categories such as 60's FWD, 80's RWD, Group B 4WD, and so on.-Each car behaves uniquely, even among cars in the same classification-SUPERB sound design; close your eyes while watching a replay and you'll swear you're watching a Youtube clip of a real rally stage.-Five beautifully modelled countries to race in, including Greece, Monaco, Wales, Germany, Finland, and Sweden.-Fully modelled Pikes Peak, including before full paving (partial dirt road) and after full paving (all asphalt)-Rally cross tracks, with online multiplayer-Realistic handling and force feedback effects (the physics and FFB are not hardcore sim quality like iRacing or Assetto Corsa, but certainly lean FAR more towards sim more than arcade)-Time of day and weather settings for all tracks, which provide gameplay variation and challengeCons:-Needs more rally stages, because you'll start to recognize sections quite quickly as play each stage more and more-The rally cross and Pikes Peak stuff is neat, but feels tacked on (a bit of the old Dirt games, in a way)-The interface is clunky; although it's been improved greatly since the first Early Access release, it's still not intuitive and will take some getting used to-As good as the sounds are (best in class by a long shot, really) there are a lot of minor issues, such as silent turbos in all of the turbocharged cars, at least on my 5.1 systemThis is an all around fantastic game, and I can't say enough good things about how the developers have listened to customer feedback from the beginning. I'm very hopeful that they will create some DLC with more countries or stages to rally in, and more vehicles to enjoy."
,Recommended,310560,28446933,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Skarphedinn,"- Started game- Played Monte Carlo descent (snowy).- Too fast into deceptive corner, car totaled- Restart- Too fast, totaled- Restart- Too fast, totaled- Restart- Too fast, totaled- Give up, uninstall game- Reinstall game because why not- Played Monte Carlo descent (snowy)- Too fast, totaled10/10 would total my car again.EDIT: A clarification, for those who feel that the above is unhelpful or ""not a real review"":I heartily recommend this game because I still wanted to play it, even after failing so hard. I still do. Fail, that is. Yet I keep playing - and improving. Dirt Rally is perhaps the most challenging and rewarding car game I have ever played (and the list that started with Sega Rally 2 has grown quite long). It is fast-paced and unforgiving.In the career mode you have the added complexity of managing your crew, which adds both an interesting tactical flavour as well as a sorely needed input _other_ than your driving skills. This pleases some and annoys some. But the feature is solid.You get a ton of great tracks, a heap of great cars, and hours of good fun. What more do you want?"
,Recommended,310560,30033042,Posted: 19 February,all,M1cK3Y f1nN,Excellent 8/10Best rally game since RBR.
,Recommended,310560,19854913,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Fist M'daddy,"If the co-driver tells you ''Don't cut'', don't cut unless you want Peppy to tell you to do a barrel roll."
76561198194096159,Recommended,310560,15675153,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,alarijurioo,"Me, as a amateur co-driver and rally enthusiast find this game no doubt the next gen rally simulator. Of course its still WIP and raw, but i see great potential. It's really hard to go fast, and when you go, mistakes are easy to come, but i enjoy the feeling when you push 101% in the woods of UK for 10 stages in a row, just to win rally by matter of seconds. Of course there are some flaws, like when hiting a snow bank in Monte Carlo rally, then it feels like hiting concrete fall. There are also some pacenotes call out and corner speed mistakes, but hey, even in real life co-drivers use to make these mistakes. You guys from Dirt Rally development crew, keep up the good work and set the next benchmark for driving simulators!"
76561197984895692,Recommended,310560,33888620,Posted: 29 July,all,Apex Azimuth,"Dirt Rally is a phenomenal Rally Sim. This is the best we've seen of a Rally game that can even be compared to Richard Burns Rally in terms of realism, but still doesn't quite overtake it.  However, the ways in which Dirty Rally excels over RBR more than make up for its shortcomings in Realism.Pros:+Sound: The sound in Dirt Rally is just shy of miraculous. Every growl, roar, spit, and rumble of the engines, the rushing of gravel and snow spraying your undercarriage and wheel wells, is so authentic that the experience can only be matched by actually putting yourself in a Rally car. Surround sound support is fantastic.  The experience of the sound alone make this game worth it.+Realism:  the handling of these cars is VERY authentic.  It's just shy of perfect but close enough that a real Rally driver can recognize the quirks of specific cars based on real world experience, which says a lot about their authenticity.+Graphics:  a look at the screenshots will sell the great graphics, but the game in motion is what makes it shine.  Movement is fluid and natural. So much so that a lower resolution video of Dirt Rally can fool people into thinking it's actual on-board footage.+Gameplay:  career mode is open and relatively seamless, but maybe a little 2-dimensional. You can choose a car and race your way through every championship in that car if you do choose, but the option is always there to try different car categories for challenge and variety.  Like a good Rally simulator, you need to pace yourself so as not to wreck your car, and try to score as many points as you can in a championship. It's actually possible to win a championship without ever winning a single event.Cons:-Stages:  the stages are beautifully crafted but you'll find yourself remembering most of the stages fairly soon because there aren't a lot of them, and the ones we see are relatively short. You won't see a 20km stage, and some are as short as 5km, which is unusually short for a Rally stage.-Realism: The cars have a bit too much rear-end Grip, which you would think would make it easier to drive but it doesn't.  In a Rally stage lack of Grip in the right places is just as important as having Grip in the right places. It's more difficult to balance the car in a power slide than it should be. You will often find yourself kissing a rock in the inside of a corner because the car caught the road more quickly than it should have.  This is a minor complaintThe biggest transgression on realism is the damage model.  These cars must have force fields around their parts because they're damn near invincible. I could over look this but it seems the game was balanced around unreasonably durable cars, requiring speeds in some stages that would totally demolish a real Rally car.   I'm not talking about crash damage, I'm talking about wear and tear from running your wheels over ditches and the crushing force of landing a jump.  For example, it's almost expected of you to run flat-out over jumps, not mindful of crushing your dampers and wheels because of a landing from 18 feet in the air. In the real world you'd need to pace yourself more to preserve the car. In Dirt Rally even when you totally abuse your wheels you almost never have to deal with partially collapsed suspension or steering misalignment, all of which are fairly common ailments in real Rally.  The Arcady damage model affects how you drive too much and that's my greatest complaint.-lack of new content:  I'm really surprised that Codemasters haven't offered DLC for Dirt Rally because it's pretty clear to me that Dirt 4 was a flop, and their time and money would have been much better spent developing and selling DLC Stages, I'd happily fork over good cash for a new Rally stage.  Sadly it seems as if Codemasters dropped Dirt Rally from their attention, which is a shame because there's a huge fan base for the game.-no mod support:  The lack of content could be forgiven if community modding was supported. There are mods for Dirt Rally but the game systems really work against you trying to use them."
,Recommended,310560,19556931,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Toasty,Buy this game. Don't cut.
,Recommended,310560,19042756,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Spoogity Woogums,"Well I'm gonna have to relearn how to rally because D3 and DR are two totally different monkeys. Dirt 3 was about a collection of cars you had all the access in the world to, and increasing driver level unlocked new cars. DR took the classic route of ""if you want it, you gotta earn it!"" buy unlocking them with in game currency earned from races. But this game is so far beyond just that simple principal of drive>earn>buy. You have to hire a pit crew who maintain and tune your ride, pay for repairs, keep the crew happy, it gives an authentic feel of running a rally team outside of ""this is my car, there are many like it..."". And winning makes more money yes, but winning takes REAL work! The cars in this game handle nothing like they did in D3, I've driven my poopy personal IRL car down a dirt road and I have to be just as careful in this game as driving IRL. Crashes ruin your runs, and you get no rewind system. The ONLY assist in this game is your co-pilot, and you have to focus on the road, and what he's feeding you and misinterpreting what he says or not even listening can lead to your car getting wrecked. And the damage system in this game is brutal! I lost a tire mid-race and had to either chug on without it, or stop, and add a few minutes to my stage time replacing it. YES. YOU REPAIR YOUR CAR MID STAGE. And this eats time, which affects your position, which affects your earnings. This game will teach you a whole new respect for the rally world, and that's not a bad thing.If Collin McRae were still here, he would own a hundred copies of this game and he would be so proud of the legacy he left the gaming world."
,Recommended,310560,29413709,Posted: 21 January,all,RedMerc,"only if you're truely committed to rally, would i suggest you play this game. skill required!"
,Recommended,310560,20992438,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,JohnC,The rally game we`ve been waiting for years. I`m enjoying every second of it with my G27 wheel.
,Recommended,310560,29235499,Posted: 13 January,all,Kupuntu,"I was never a big fan of racing games. Back in the day I loved Burnout 3 but it wasn't until Burnout Paradise when I really started loving racing games. After that, it took me years to get back into racing games. GRID 2 and Dirt 3 made me love the genre but both of those are really arcade. Not long after beating Dirt 3 I bought Dirt Rally.Most racing games trick you into thinking that you: 1) Can drive a car in the game really really well and 2) you're actually doing well in it. Dirt Rally does neither of those things. You can immediately tell when you're doing well and when you're not. The feeling of road is insane and will surprise people who aren't used to simulators (and even those who play games like Gran Turismo that are closer to simulation than most racing/rally games out there).In short, the game feels really good. I get instant feedback from doing well. It's so different from most other games I've played. Going back to other racing or rally games might be hard after Dirt Rally.The only real criticism I have is about the variety of tracks. Six events with 12 different stages per event is great and will take you quite a while to master but they totally could have released more events as a DLC and I would have bought that. I still recommend this game very much and I can say it's the best game I found during 2016."
,Recommended,310560,20452257,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Quinn Teastwood,"Unforgiving and dirty, just like it's supposed to be."
,Recommended,310560,19551236,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Motoagogo,"Best Rally game in years and in my opinion best Dirt game since the first one. Traction feels perfect, graphics are amazing, real time weather is awesome, the simulation of actual Rally racing compaired to Dirt 2/3 is much more accurate, and its actually difficult to win a championship instead of just handing it to you. I will be sure to put much more time into the game here soon with the inclusion of RallyX and HillClimb. Glad to see CodeMasters go back to their racing roots and show that they can still make amazing games. If you are on the fence about buying the game, just get it. Its a 10/10 Rally racing game all day long."
,Recommended,310560,27721406,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,UniuM,"It's hard.... it's cruel.You will fail.But when you finish a stage clean, without a scratch on your car, you will smile.The best Rally game i've ever played.9/10 I will smile again."
,Recommended,310560,26134377,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,mike,"If you are fan of Richard Burns Rally or just want the most authentic rally experience without leaving your home and spending your life savings, this is your best shot. There are no free lemons, you gotta learn things by yourself and the learning curve is very steep. You won't be winning much during your first hours, but when you start winning, it actually feels like you achieved something. Dirt Rally will offer great challenges to everyone, I guarantee it. If you ever feel that you are quite fast, hop online."
76561197972249070,Recommended,310560,18574352,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,BorisNotRussian,"YES. Buy it. Not only do i recommend this Game but also i suggest buying a decent steering wheel.I just made my own raceseat and fittet it with a G27 Wheel and it's amazing. Racing for 3 hours and i am physically exhausted.If you love Rally / Rally-Games AND you can race a car without constant full throttle you will get your moneys worth here.This means, as this game (at least imo) counts as a simulation, you have to treat it like one. If you get off the track hard, you fail the stage, or at least get a recovery penalty so big, you consider the run failed just aswell.You will restart your races a lot in the beginning and i even suggest this so you can learn the game/cars. Later on, when you did, you shouldn't need to restart. Just accept the outcome.I really recomend a steering wheel of some sort or at least a controller with feathering triggers (like the xbox pad).PS: Ditches love cars. Give that ditch a car."
,Recommended,310560,17803904,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,[RAT]_Limeburger,"Fast. Brutal. Unforgiving.Fantastic.If you have even a remote interest in rally, or enjoy driving games at all, this game is worth every penny. Constantly updated with a great dev team, active on Reddit and implementing ideas that us as the consumers want to see.A definite recommend from me and all my friends who have played it!"
,Recommended,310560,17794332,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Lantea,"After you try DiRT Rally you will probably never want to go back to any previous DiRT game, Codemasters have done an incredible job so far bringing realism and thrill to Rally racing and with the addition of the FIA World RX to the mix its a must have game for anyone that enjoys watching the real RX championship.The game is still being updated as part of Early Access, and it still has some issues and missing basic PC features such as mouse menu support, but overall for an Early Access game it is very well polished.If you are looking for a great Rally and Rallycross game you won't find a better one on the market then DiRT Rally."
,Recommended,310560,16473187,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Xiem,Goodbye RBR.
,Recommended,310560,15672895,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Broseph Chillaxton,"The most intense and satisfying rally game I've ever played. The sense of achievement and relief you get when you make the best time is comparable to when you defeat a hard♥♥♥♥♥boss in Dark Souls series. Yeah, the game's THAT intense.10/10, ♥♥♥♥ing good job Codemasters."
76561197992312662,Recommended,310560,16218450,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,DT-MadManCK,"I like this new Dirt Rally game from Codemasters.It is not an easy game. You need to focus and it has a learning curve. Flatout drivers should avoid this game. Not a Toy.The constantly changing road conditions and grip levels keep you on your toes. A good setup is key.Graphics are awesome, physics are ""realistic"" as far as i can judge and this is the first really good rally drive since RBR.Pacenotes need some improvements in some cases. But for an early access game it is already awesome to drive.I have a real handbrake in my rig and that works great as well with Dirt Rally.I can recommend this. Especially if you like a challenge and rallying."
,Recommended,310560,19996968,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Great Joe,"This and Toybox Turbos are both examples of what Codemasters can do when they rein in the budgets and give their titles focus. Both titles benefit, and we finally get to see another fully realistic rally game as a result. The controls have no weird kinks, there's no overlong segues between menus, it's just pick how long you wanna race for, pick the car you wanna race in and a loading screen later you're on a track.You might be scared into thinking that a fully realistic rally game would demand a several-thousand-dollar Fanatec setup, but I've been playing this game on a cheap Ikea desk with a Logitech gamepad for half a year and I can get top-100 times using just that. It takes practise, sure, but no more than on that complex sim setup.This game is now out of Early Access, and there's two main gameplay modes: Time trials on special stages, as in classic rally tradition; and Rally Cross, that being a six-car race on a short track with a mix of on-road and off-road sections. There's no tutorial, this game relies entirely on its progression mechanics as a way to teach you. You get just enough money to buy a slow 1960s car and you get pitted against other equally slow 1960s cars. The game also makes it explicit that you have no chance to win your first few championships by having you earn upgrades every time you use your car, its way of saying that it's okay to take it slow and just learn how to handle the machine you're in. Those first stages become oddly relaxing, and an exercise in just learning the track and the car.There's other similarly relaxing mechanics in place. You start with a mechanics team who can't properly mend your car after a stage, and you won't be able to pay for one for some time. You're forced to make the decision between driving fast and suffering on a later stage, or driving slow and- oh hold on, I got a better time. That's the beauty of it, the game teaches you to drive slow without ♥♥♥♥ing up, and thereby saving you tens of seconds.Contrast this with Dirt 2 and Dirt 3. You'd start with cars that go too fast, handle terribly, your only clue for how to drive is a literal rainbow road and instead of a proper tutorial or forcing you to learn your car, those games just had a mulligan button. As soon as you learned how that first car drove, every car after would be a cakewalk. Dirt Rally shows that you can have proper teaching tools AND be fun AND be a completely realistic simulation at the same time, and it's very much to Codemasters' credit for achieving that.There's some excellent asymmetric multiplayer going on. The last few Codemasters games did have online leaderboards but this game takes that aspect and really runs with it. You can create your own league where your friends can join in and post times on specific events, any time of day they want. It's a great way to keep a group of friends competing with each other.I do have one complaint: Dirt Rally could do with some optimization. Some stages play at a stable 120+ FPS, others might dip below 30 on the exact same settings, including weather. Setting weather to High (not Low, which is slower) and trees to Very Low helps. It's odd.This game has some great voice acting. It's only one actor, he only plays one role, and he's your copilot. There's genuine nervousness in the way he reads his notes, at times he skips a beat and you just know going through all this he's pumped up on adrenaline. It's the perfect way to fill in the silence left by the menu music, and lends a lot to the game's serious racing atmosphere. Though the fact that he makes wrong calls is a bit unnerving. Not sure if that's a bug.I heartily recommend this game."
,Recommended,310560,25810980,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SOAPMAK3R,"I have only just bought and played 2 stages, but already I am in love with it! I kind of loved Dirt 2, and parts of Dirt 3 were excellent, but the mandatory Gymkhana crap ruined the game...I really only enjoyed the straight rally races and trailblazer game modes, which were very enjoyable.Dirt 3 held your hand way too much as well with driving assists etc. overall it felt like a step backwards from Dirt 2. Dirt Rally feels more like Dirt 2, but more difficult and much less arcade like, which just makes it all the more rewarding.This game...This game is fairly unforgiving of your mistakes, but still manages to feel awesome! Love it so far. I found myself clenching my jaw (and my butt cheeks!) quite a bit. A good rush to be had. The sense of speed is impressive.Graphics are great and the sound design is also very satisfying. Performance never dropped below 60 on ultra with a GTX970 at 1440p.I have recently tried hacking together a VR headset with my phone, with some success, but the set up wasn't anywhere near perfect...This game might be just the motivation I need to tweak that set-up to perfection!*OCULUS THRIFT VR UPDATE*Ok, so using my phone, a BOBOVR Z4 headset, and some software trickery (to get the game into 3D and trick Nvidia into thinking my phone is a shield device), I was able to get low latency, decent framerate, wireless VR working with this game.The software is Trinus VR (which you install on the phone and the PC), Moonlight (which you install on the phone to make Nvidia think it is a shield) and Tridef 3D (which converts the game into 3D, but possibly isn't needed? I'm sure there are other ways to do it, I just haven't figured out how yet).The last piece of software is called OpenTrack, which you install on your phone and PC and it wirelessly transmits the head-tracking info from the phone to the PC.The resolution is only 1080p, but the frame-rate is generally pretty good (close to 60 with a few drops here and there). Motion tracking seems to work well, but to be honest, you rarely want to look anywhere but straight forwards unless you enjoy crashing a lot...Setting it up and getting everything running wasn't exactly a walk in the park (still a few disconnection issues to figure out), and even after getting things working, tweaking Trinus VR to get the image right for my headset took a decent amount of time too (a lot of pausing the game, disconnecting from the wireless streaming service, tweaking, reconnecting and repeat, until it was good enough.I haven't used an Oculus DK2 or Razer HDK1, but I imagine that the visual quality is about the same, for what amounts to a fraction of the cost. Worth checking out if you want to get a feel for VR without breaking the bank.If I have time, I might throw together a tutorial to show folks how I got it working. There are guides around for the smartphone VR setup, but none that solved everything for me. I had to use bits from several to find a working solution."
76561198171401447,Recommended,310560,30358109,Posted: 6 March,all,A K I N A,"""Dont cut""""The radiator is broken""_Game is good, fun with controller, runs fine in Arch Linux 10/10"
,Not Recommended,310560,19554049,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Varaosa,"ENG:One of the biggest fail in 2015 that I actually know.I'm hoping to get into the game multi-profile support, which would allow more gaming profile conclusion of the game before exiting early access but, it never came into the game and it is the only reason for myself and the thing that prevents and hinders their own with regard to my play this game.If you have or own an old Dirt 3 game and you like this game, so there is not such a big need to buy this game. It is, after all, contain or provide any significant new that I would have noticed a great feature that should not have been in Dirt 3 rally game.As long as the game does not get multi-profile to support this criticism remains negative.I am personally satisfied more that old Dirt 3 game then this new one so, i personally do not recommend this game.FIN:Yksi vuoden suurimmista epäonnistujista 2015 jonka minä itse tiedän.Olen toivonut saavani peliin moni profiili tuen, joka mahdollistaisi useamman peli profiilin tekemisen peliin ennen early access poistumista mutta, sitä ei ikinä tullut peliin ja se on itselleni ainut syy ja asia, joka estää ja haittaa omaa pelaamistani tämän pelin osalta.Jos sinulla on tai omistat vanhan Dirt 3 pelin ja tykkäät tästä pelistä, niin ei ole kovinkaan suurta tarvetta ostaa tätä peliä. Se ei loppujen lopuksi sisällä tai tarjoa mitään merkittävää uutta, jonka olisin itse huomannut olevan hyvä ominaisuus ja jota ei olisi ollut Dirt 3 ralli pelissä.Niin kauan kun peli ei saa moni-profiili tukea tämä arvostelu pysyy negatiivisena.Olen itse tyytyväinen vanhaan Dirt 3 peliin enenmmän kuin tähän uuteen, joten en itse suosittele tätä peliä."
,Recommended,310560,27627407,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,liagoutas,"This is the ultimate rally experience! After the arcade ""American style"" Dirt series,fortunately Codemasters decided to go back to its roots. This game instantly reminds me of the McRae series! Nice graphics,astonishing sound effects,superb gameplay and physics make this game one of the best racing titles of all time. You get around 50 cars,almost 100 stages with different conditions(all terrain-weather combinations available) plus daily-weekly-monthly multyplayer challenges and more.If you like rally and racing games,this is an absolute purchase. Not for the faint of hearted,arcaders! quitters,but exclusively for hardcore-true gamers. Thank you Codemasters."
76561198037900010,Recommended,310560,20513661,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,philikeogh85,"Great game, very realistic!!"
76561198030946935,Recommended,310560,18189121,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ceo.gozon,"I race on lots of different titles suchs as project cars, asseto corsa, grand turismo and i can tell you that dirt rally is a must have. It introduces you into a very very very intense experience and provides a high level of detail, the graphics and physics  are A++, its really worth the money."
,Recommended,310560,21009234,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,revoches,"Gotta love finland, more time in air than on gravel"
,Recommended,310560,15601164,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,P-U-R-P-L-E,"Finally, just finally they got it right! If you loved the Colin McRae titles, you'll definitely love this one. No more Ken Block rubbish!"
,Recommended,310560,17084941,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,ckap =],"accident simulator 2k16my cs teammate holds 3 world records for his game, so i figured i should give it a shot.  i hooked up my g27 and started off with a group b car and hopped in.  10 hours later, i'm 40 seconds away from his time and have dreams of crashing mini coopers into german airplanes.i'm no physics expert, and i'm pretty awful at driving, but this is a great experience that i would highly reccommend to anyone who enjoys going fast and drifting.  game seems to follow the laws of physics better than anything DiRT has ever presented before.9/10"
,Recommended,310560,19552777,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Hannibal [On PS4 Pro 4 som time],"The real rally has finally returned! Harsh and unforgiving! This game should be used for driving licence testing for sure. Only 0,1% of all candidates would passed it! Hey, but look at the bright side, even with left tire completely gone and two time penalties I managed to get to upper middle tear. After all at least half of the players don't finish the track, so at extra slow speed you should survive :)"
76561198090825754,Recommended,310560,19803025,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Pininafarina,McRae is back !!!!!
,Recommended,310560,19690621,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,KiwiSmurf,"its like the dark souls of racing gamesits hard, its unforgiving *no rewind, no gymkana just pure rally/hillclimb and some rally Xbut boy is it fun and makes you come back for morebest rally sim EVER made"
76561198089303306,Not Recommended,310560,22297346,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,CanadianFister,"Difficult seems to be translating to ""real"" for most players here. I grew up in a small northern town and ice races were a big thing. Can't remember my cars ever feeling weightless and more or less uncontrollable as they are in this game. Same for gravel as well. I just think it has been overdone a bit. Also the ditches seem to be wayyyy overdone. Here and there, yeah sure. But they exist at almost every foot of the few tracks that are in the game. Has potential but defintiley needs some iron-ing out before i could recommend this game."
76561198061844850,Recommended,310560,17963457,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,iWaNTaCRaCkeR,*Crashes into road sign**Car comes to a complete stop and overheats*11/10Would crash again
76561197993981896,Recommended,310560,18995174,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,CHICKEN SLAYER,"I've been looking for a rally simulation game for a while.  I've played Richard Burns Rally, but it's pretty outdated now.  Dirt Rally is awesome.  Tons of control on setting up the car.  Very different performance characteristics between FWD, RWD and 4WD cars.  The courses are all based on real locations and are very well done.  There are some bugs here and there, but I've just been really enjoying it.  The courses are the biggest thing to me.  I've been following WRC for the past couple years and been to the Pikes Peak HC so it was very important to me that a simulation game match real life and I have to say it's excellent.  I can even identify the spots on Pikes Peak where I've spectated.  Really cool.Love the game."
76561197988672925,Recommended,310560,17863562,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,rb25deturbo,"What can i say , if you are in to Rally or Rally x then this is a must buy! I have never played a driving simulation as much as this and i am still as hooked now as i was when i first made the early access purchase many months ago!10/10Thankyou Codies, you guys rock!All i can say is go out and buy it.............................. Be brave!!!!"
,Recommended,310560,17872680,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,decoy,Best rally sim ever.
76561197971978412,Recommended,310560,15628601,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Coo-Coo,"I used to consider myself a veteran in rally types of games.All the way from RB and CMR 1 I watched evolution of rallying on PCs.Yet, when this game came into my hands, I suddenly felt like an amateur. I couldn't make turns, I kept sliding off the road, driving without ABS (which was, for me, a must in previous games!) was a suicidal attempt at taking even small curves ...But I kept going at it, race after race after race.Slowly reaching higher ranks.And the game awards you with awe of achievement.If you want to be in a struggle, not experience laid back arcade style racing, I heartwarmingly recommend this game.9,4  / 10 (and rising)"
,Recommended,310560,20284721,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,-=Zimi=-,"Pros: It got crests, a lot of crests, it's a crestfest!Cons: The textures are like mud, especially the.... mud textures.. ba dum tssAnd now to the reviewPros: nice graphics, nice sound, more like a sim less arcadish. good sound and nice graphics, also good gameplay, nice graphics, and nice sound aswell, did i mention the sound?Cons: probably the content? you can always have more of something you like..."
,Recommended,310560,21364454,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,i.,A true love letter to fans of this sport.
,Recommended,310560,23385545,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Slimy,"This is the most passive-aggressive game ever created.For years now, us video game rally fans have been begging Codemasters to drop the insufferably bad Xtreme Sports hoo-hah that had plagued their once loved rally franchise. We wanted a return to serious rally racing sims without the brotard, Mountain Dew-fueled poop of the previous DiRT games. You just KNEW Colin McRae was rolling around in his grave. So, the Codies, likely sick of hearing the complaining released the single most soul crushing, nut grinding rally game ever in DiRT Rally. It's a rally sim. There's nary a car-fu (or whatever stupid name that stunt event had in previous entries) and this game will eat your soul. It's everything we wanted and I couldn't be happier with it!!!At this early stage of play, I suck really, really hard at it. I have all of the assists on and, counting penalties, I finish each race stage in just under six weeks. My 17-month-old daughter could do at least as well. But when you do something right, you know it happened because you got good at something and were not just lucky. It's rare with modern games that a video game rewards learned skill. When you start doing things right in DiRT Rally, it's completely rewarding."
,Recommended,310560,15776674,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,privileged white male,"Best rally game in a long, long while. Unlike previous games in the DiRT series, DR leans more towards proper simulation. There are no flashbacks, you can't repeat races indefinitely, you can't turn off car damage and time penalties for car recovery are very harsh. You can also tune your ride to your own preference, gain upgrades, and hire a team of mechanics to keep your car in good shape.As the title implies, this game is all about rallying, so say goodbye to Gymkhana and ""BRO SICK RACE BRO, YOU GOTTA POST THAT ON YOUTUBE"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The tracks are really good, they're well designed, the circuits are longer than before and the environments look impressive. Car physics are stellar, you can literally feel every bump on the road. And the audio is just superb, you can hear the gravel hitting your car, you can hear the brakes grinding when you push them too far etc. As far as i can tell, the game is also really well optimized. Quality work.DiRT Rally is in early access, but it's already rich in content, and it's going to grow at least twice in size before release. In my opinion, it already feels like the best rally game Codemasters ever made."
,Recommended,310560,15589242,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,robert |  CSCO,Richard Burns Rally 2015 :)
76561198039211609,Recommended,310560,21026896,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,krzysiek,The real rally game. It's worth every cent.
,Recommended,310560,29851738,Posted: 11 February,all,Frits,"DIRT Rally very different from the previous installments of DIRT games. Instead of the usual arcade approach, this game gives players a believable, unforgiving rally simulation experience. This is a very welcome change of pace. With a wheel it's an absolute blast. My only two complaints/wishes are for there to be more stages and/or some kind of stage editor, and for the tarmac to be better simulated in the game. Dirt Rally has a lot of different environments, but unfortunately only a couple stages per location."
,Recommended,310560,19565923,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,proff IT,i bought this early access and can safely say.Welcome back Codemasters
,Recommended,310560,19562955,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Free-range Jimmy a.k.a. BIG PAPI,"TL;DR:BESTRACINGGAMEEVER+It's challenging. This game isn't going to hold your hand and may make small children cry.+80-90% realistic handling / 10% ""arcadey"" of all vehicles+it's almost exclusively rally and hillclimb;  baby circuit racing ""rallycross"" is tacked on for multiplayer but you don't even have to touch it when playing through the career+realistic pacenotes spoken by your co-driver+TUNING, REPAIRS, UPGRADES, LIVERIES - e.g., you get a flat during a run - fix it instantly for a massive time penalty+Liveries don't appeal to the dudebro demographic - no Subarus covered in obnoxiously large Monster™ logos+ALL of the WIDE VARIETY of classic rally cars are cars that you would actually WANT to drive. You won't find 80 variations of a Nissan Skyline here *cough*GranTurismo5*cough*+According to the store description there are 70 rallies for you to enjoy racing the clock on - yes, a good chunk of them are reversed versions of the same stage, but the stages are so varied in what turns and jumps you have to tackle it doesn't even matter to the point where it would be annoying to NOT get reversed stages+Asode from all the fantastic gameplay features. the scenery you will encounter while rushing past trees at 130 kph is absolutely breathtaking.+The game runs at a solid, stable 60 fps without a hitch and zero issuesI may add more to this review as I unfold and explore this masterpiece of visual pleasurement."
76561198073178969,Recommended,310560,28636130,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Meme Machine,"An absolutely stunning experience with a racing wheel.This game leans more towards sim than it does arcade, the physics are far more realistic than previous DiRT games, although I can't say I'ev ever driven a real rally car. The point is it's harder, much harder, but this makes it so much more rewarding. Nailing slides and jumps really feels like an achievement. You will crash, a lot, and end up restarting stages time and time again, but in doing so you force yourself to improve.The graphics and sounds are great. My rig is an i7 4790k, 16 Gb RAM, GTX 970, and it runs on ultra with 80-120 frames. Graphics feel more realistic than most games due to the lack of saturation, and sounds really do add to the immersion.As for force feedback in the wheel, I'm having a great experience on my Thrustmaster T300RS. I do feel like a gearstick/handbrake would be ideal for this game however as pressing a button on the wheel is awkward.Online servers are currently down, but a quick trip to reddit tells me this is temporary and will most likely be fixed post-boxing day.Overall I'd say this is as, if not more enjoyable than F1 2016 (another excellent Codemasters title). It certainly beats any dirt game to date.8.5/10"
76561198130856649,Recommended,310560,27526315,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JIMGREEK,"-Very nice graphics-All kinds of rally cars-Thrilling gameplay-Improves your skillsVery nice game overall, hope to see more content in the future."
76561197969812675,Recommended,310560,19551041,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,NISBRO,"This is a kickass return to Collin McRae days, keep up the good work and I look forward to its further development"
76561198159050138,Recommended,310560,19550530,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,^0Sulfur^24^32^10,"DiRT Rally is an excellent add to DiRT series. The game has been developing fast in the early access, until now when it has come to an version 1.0. I personally hope they still develop the game, because it still feels early access. Multiplayer is still designed poorly. You can only play four players in one rallycross start, and the collection of rallycross cars is very minimum. If Codemasters dont add DLC for More rallycross cars and including FIA RX Touring car and Super1600, i will get very upset. The game still feels a little empty when there are so few cars towards car classes. Think about the big winged Audi S1... ITS NOT IN THE GAME ! DiRT Rally still has one of the best graphics and driveability. Still good game but needs DLC\Updates. I rate it 8\10 Was expecting a little more from codemasters"
76561197970699339,Recommended,310560,19552297,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ChrisPaulson[uk],"I've only ever liked one driving game and that was Ricahrd Burns Rally, however it now has a successor, this game.I did real rallying for 10 years and this game feels acurate, but it's a lot cheaper and a doesn't consume all your free time."
,Recommended,310560,19580177,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Viri,"Exemplary early access title. delivered it's bullet points and then some, never hitched in the content and hit their deadline - where there are Killing Floor 2's there are also Dirt Rally's which makes me not completely dislike Early Access."
,Recommended,310560,15593518,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Cyrus40K,"For now this is the best rally game since Richard Burns Rally. If everything goes well, it could be the best rally sim since RBR.A pure rally sim is what we need after so many years.//////////Edit 2015/5/27:For now, I have to change some of my previous thoughts about this game.I've played almost all CodeMaster racing games except some F1 series, they all feel the same. CodeMaster made all their racing games feel like you are driving on ice. I feel better the days before Dirt, the whole EGO engine times. Dirt, dirt2, dirt 3, dirt count down, grid, grid 2, grid autosport, fuel, F1 2011, F1 2012, F1 2014, every EGO titles I can remember, they all feel the same---driving like on ice.I think CodeMaster never hired some real driver to qualify the car physics, and almost every racing titles CM made are better controlled on joysticks/gamepads rather than on racing wheels. We invited many people who has deep real world driving experiences including some real racer to try out many CodeMaster racing titles both on gamepad and racing wheels. All of them can drive pretty good on racing wheels with racing sims like rFactor, iRacing, NFS13, Simbin titles, the new AC. But few of them feel good on any CodeMaster racing titles when driving with racing wheels. It just feels too fake on the car physics. CodeMaster racing games only perform good with controllers like gamepads.Till now, after many hours of test drive in Dirt Rally, I admit everything goes better except car physics.Is this one a Richard Burns Rally successor? Definitely not. Maybe some arcade racing fans would like this. But for a sim racer? Let's go back and play RBR.I may change the advisory after its official release to ""Not Recommended"". Just be prepared.Edit Sep 18th, 2016:I bought this game very early right after its early access release, you may not be able to see my review since the new Steam review system change. And now I have over hundreds of hours of playing time on it.I still recommend it to any race fans, rally fans, car fans. It's definitely one of the best rally games since Richard Burns Rally. It's a rally race game you can enjoy hours after hours with racing wheels or just a good mechanical keyboard.I think every little bit of things are good or even exellent in DiRT Rally. Despite some kids may not get fully understoodment of what a ""Race Sim"" should be, they may feel it being too hard to drive. But one knows he should follow traffic rules in real life driving, how could he not follow the same rules driving in a race sim? Or a semi-sim.Everything feels right of this title for now. EXCEPT ONE: the physics.I don't have much real world driving experience, I have some in Richard Burns Rally, which I played since my 9 grade class and played it almost 10 years. DiRT Rally lacks a proper physics as being a modern race sim comparing to the 14-year-old Richard Burns Rally. The later one does it better here. But this may not be a problem for a casual gamer who just want to kick the throttle and accelerate to hundreds of kilometers per hour speed and drift like there is no Newton Law at all. The most obvious feel is that the car is too light and whenever it hit something it just bump up into the air. You will feel that as long as you play.I think Codemasters is trying to find a balanced point where they can satisfy casual race gamers and semi-sim race gamers. If so, DiRT Rally has done a great job."
76561198034828910,Recommended,310560,19551222,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,raz753,If you're a car guy. get this game
76561198015500132,Recommended,310560,18389409,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Sellner,DIRT Rally. Nuff said.... 'Dont Cut!'10/10Would defintely 'Cut Again.'But seriously... 'DONT CUT!'
76561198197090499,Recommended,310560,34767022,Posted: 5 September,all,BrokenAxle95,"The Dark Souls of racing sims. Super realistic. You WILL crash, many times. But its so satisfying when you nail a course perfectly."
76561198107669471,Recommended,310560,20107914,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,FernandoIT@,"If you love cars and drive,buy this game,is simply amazing,this is one of the best game for PC,sure is the best Rally Game for pc ,is a little bit Dirt but ok :D"
,Recommended,310560,15843624,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,RvB Caboose,"This feels more like a finished product than Early Access, while some tracks/cars still need to be added in the future. But wow, great driving, great physics. Some of the banks act a little erratic, my only complaint so far.Well, the more I play, the more I find hidden barriers and then segments of ditches that look like the same ditches you drive over without a problem, except these ditches send you flying. If you try to cut corners and narrow your line it's quite simply unpredicable whether you will fly out fine or end up in the trees.7/10"
,Recommended,310560,28264049,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Big Ram,"They've left the super gnar gnar bro culture in favor of authenticity, and ended up with a solid rally game.I do think it could use a few more locations, however.  What's here is great, but the repetition becomes apparent very quickly.Still, highly recommended."
,Recommended,310560,18648898,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bromeo,"I'm so bad.But, I can't........stop.........playing"
76561198001790442,Recommended,310560,19738083,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Sistermatic,"If you're a finisher and coming first is a given, do not buy this game.If you don't think you need to learn how to drive properly, do not buy this game.If you want to receive podium accolades for ""great"" driving, do not buy this game.If you're playing with a keyboard, do not buy this game.If you think sideways is the fastest way to exit a corner, do not buy this game.If you don't like to sweat profusely, after a 9 minute hill climb,  do not buy this game.If stopping to mend a flat tyre is too much trouble, do not buy this game.If learning why dampers are called dampers is too much trouble, do not buy this game.If 2/10ths is too small to bother with, do not buy this game.If a Skandanavian Flick means a cute Nordic blonde told you to go away, do not buy this game.If you want to drive rally, do.In a word. Pure.9.99/10Play it like a casual rally....http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=580122471"
,Recommended,310560,18266000,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,its_ogrelord,I hit a shrub in the corner and my car did a 360.10/10 would rage again
,Recommended,310560,18645249,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Vecio,"It's not an addictive game, for sure... I got it 3 days ago and I only have 20 hrs of gameplay. I mean it definitely is not! The championship is so boring, so that I'm in the elite championship already. Again, it's not addictive. I ride my car in real life like a rally racer now, tryin clutch kicking every hairpin I find. I mean, I guess it's not due to Dirt Rally... The force feedback is better than the one I have in real life, oh well, I've found that out just right after I've played Dirt Rally, coincidence? The fact is that Dirt Rally, isn't a good game. DIRT ♥♥♥♥ING RALLY IS A MESMERIZING GAME! Once you play it you can't ever quit, ever! You crash, you bump, you fly, you feel so good! OOOH MY GOD! You can feel the POWER on your wheels, they run, they run as fast as they can, they never quit moving! gravel, snow, water, tarmac,♥♥♥♥♥♥ everywhere, JUST GO! Flick your car around that corner and full throttle! Holy hell, why am I writing this thing, I should be playing Dirt Rally!"
,Recommended,310560,19549533,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Rainbow,"In terms of hours played I might not have played a lot compared with other people, but I've been playing racing games since I first had a PC/Console. Most of the racing titles are easy to beat or have wonky physics (exceptions are made ofcourse). This on the other hand feels fantastic to drive! Just bought a wheel primarily with this game in mind. All the early access hours were spend on a Xbox 360 controller though. If you are worried that you need a wheel in order to enjoy the game fully I can safely say that you don't.Every since the CMR series ended I have been waiting for a great rally game. The previous Dirt games weren't that, but this is. Be prepared to crash a lot in the beginning, but also be prepared to get addicted."
,Recommended,310560,20540294,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,wtf,God this♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard
76561198027783825,Recommended,310560,15686082,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,MrStinger,"What a fantastic game your team has created! Not since Rallysport 2 Have I experienced a Rally worthy simulator, with a balance of gameplay and realistic consequences to throttle control....GREAT PURCHASE! Stellar graphics, exciting tracks,  WORTHY!"
,Recommended,310560,33132429,Posted: 2 July,all,Welshlad,"Its a very good rallying game. Gives you a real taste of what this reckless and insane racing style is like. Also comes with some of the most popular rallying cars amongst many others. At the same time, has many different tracks with diffrent surfaces, giving you a challenge to keep 'er lit on the gravel and ice and foot to the floor on the asphalt.9/10, just simple, but awesome rallying."
,Recommended,310560,16113786,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,smol tiddies,"To get started, this is a huge improvement over DiRT 3. The stages are longer, way more realisim, the graphics are improved and the menus (to me at least) look way better than the DiRT 3 ones. One thing i will say is that you should probably get a racing wheel pedals and a gear shifter, i feel like it would make it so much easier to control the car without some of the assists. Anyways, I dont have any major problems with the game except that it would randomly kick me out of fullscreen mode, I'm not sure why it does it, but its not game breaking as it pauses the game when it happens.I would rate this game 9.8/10Great game CodeMasters keep it up!! (but let us use our mice on the menus plz)EDIT: if you dont have a wheel with pedals, THIS GAME WILL GIVE YOU A ♥♥♥♥ING ANEURYSM WITH HOW MUCH IT WILL♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU OFF WITH A KEYBOARD. like ♥♥♥♥ing seriously my keyboard only has 3 presses at one time and that is just not enough for this game. Almost broke my hand punching my crt monitor after every turn would result in ♥♥♥♥ing my car up so bad. Still an amazing game, but you just need a wheel to play.EDIT 11/24/16: Ive had a real gamepad for awhile now and it makes things so much easier"
76561197965401203,Recommended,310560,15815511,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Evilsmurf,"If you love Rally, you need this in your life!"
,Recommended,310560,19146681,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,MixaLv,"So far I'm having fun time with the game. It drives really well and looks good; some people have said that it might not be a true sim experience, but it's definitely a hardcore game that requires you to really get into the mechanics if you want to get good results. Never driven a rally car, but those real life car handling techniques I'm familiar with work wonderfully here.The career system is actually very sim-like, you literally start at the bottom leagues with ancient cars and progress buying better ones, advancing forward after successful tournaments and events. It just feels so very slow if you were already used to modern cars in early access.And extra point for having very clear and simplistic menus, without throwing DLC constantly on your face (looking at you Dirt 3)."
76561198091277733,Recommended,310560,19565425,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,existencevip1,This is one of the best racing games I have ever played in terms of realism. Incredibly fun and terrifying.
,Recommended,310560,21806907,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Crowbar-Man Saiyajin,Once u skidded from the track. i Call it GG
,Recommended,310560,15654082,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,salt. Cheesy_LeScrub,"It's been a long while since I've picked up a gamepad to play a driving game; indeed it's been a long time since there's been a driving game that I've been genuinely excited about. Having stumbled upon DiRT Rally, and having purchased the title on a whim, I'm can honestly say that the game has completely exceeded my expectations -- even in its current Early Access form.I'm no seasoned racing-sim professional, not by any stretch; however, it seems that DiRT Rally is set to deliver a bona-fide rally driving experience in what is a serious departure from the arcadey, lowbrow mayhem for which the DiRT series has become known.The game is visually gorgeous and the sound-design is spot on. But what's most impressive is the feel -- the handling of the vehicles, the physics, and the immersion. Although cliche, the game really is easy to play but difficult to master. It offers a challenging but highly rewarding experience that I've not known before in any racing title. Comparisons have already been drawn to Colin McCrae (also of Codemasters fame). Such comparisons are totally warranted.There are some obvious limitations with the game at the moment. But far from being nit-picky I will let the development run it's course and post a more thorough review upon full release. I am more than satisified with my purchase to this point, and would definitely recommend the game to any seasoned rally-sim fans or even someone looking to try something new :)"
76561198002123087,Recommended,310560,15628605,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,CLΛRK PARKΞR,"Realley a good start for a rally simulation! Tracks are quiet good, car physics on the right way and graphic is very good looking!But there are still many things which must get improved (remember; it's Early Access Game):- FFB is extremely confusing- Tire grip is somehow partial unrealistic high- No PvP Multiplayer at the moment (should come in a few month)- Menu buttons only show numbers when using steering wheel - but these buttons don't exist on the Wheeland many other little thingsconclusion: For an early access game really nice and I think it's on the right way... the developers frequently stay in contact with the community so far!"
,Recommended,310560,26016344,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Darkstar_November,"PLEASE LET US HAVE CUSTOM RACES WHERE WE CAN USE ANY CAR ON ANY TRACK! Would be awesome having a RWD classic race on a rallycross track 4 up...Apart from that niggle, AWESOME game. Really, it's amazing. Glad all the fireworks and energy drink sponsors got dropped, that was all too corny for me. Gone back to the Colin McRae rally days on the PS1, just all modern and stuffs.Proper rallys and proper cars with proper physics. Stop putting it off and get this on your computers HDD, now!"
76561198006742093,Recommended,310560,18341243,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,HiluxCrux,"What happened?!?This was my early access review:""Hands down the best rally game I have ever played. It is very difficult but so rewarding when you get it right. What a blast! Keep up the great work.""UPDATE:I will start by saying that, YES! This is a truly amazing rally sim. BUT!-I never thought the full release would be just the addition of one map and two cars!-Only one (technically two) Hillclimb circuit that you cannot use normal cars on. (600hp and no traction = no fun)-I never thought that the only PVP would be Rallycross! (Seriously. There is no PVP Rally in Dirt Rally!)"
,Recommended,310560,18346596,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Julle,"Good:* Actual rally sim* Good graphics* Stages made to match actual locations in real life* Amazing sounds/effects* Daily/Weekly/Monthly online events against community* Developers listen players suggestions and make them happen* Lots of cars to choose from (even more coming)* Game work in progress, its better every updateBad* New players may feel overwhelmed when starting the game in career mode, progression quite slow. It will take some time to get your hands on the modern cars.* Car damage, head on collision will puncture a tire and you will be able to continue^this is still early access, this is hopefully fixed at some point =)"
,Recommended,310560,21193068,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Tel3tubby,I still can't do a Scandinavian flick.
76561198015575577,Recommended,310560,19134629,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Reno_LV,"The best rally sim out there - yes it is better than RBR! With outstanding physics, graphics and sound engine it is the best rally game. With the constant updates and developers that listen to users suggestions, this game will top any charts once released!"
,Recommended,310560,15597418,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Yasin,"Initial impressions - Early Access - 28/04/2015For a long time there has been a niche in the racing game market for a proper rally simulator, which has not been filled properly since Richard Burns Rally. Codemasters think they have a solution in DiRT Rally, which marks a strong departure from the 'arcade' feel of previous DiRT releases.This review covers the current (April 2015) Early Release version of the game. It is split into four sections, the first dealing with aesthetics, the second with video, the third with audio and the fourth with gameplay. I've listed pros, cons and tips/suggestions for improvement.The aesthetics:Pros: Minimalist theme, logical and intuitive menu navigation designCons/suggestions: A dark 'theme' option for the menu would be great for tired eyes, more options could/should be made available for areas like the HUD. Specifically on the weather, perhaps there should be a system where the seasons, time and weather conditions can be set independently, as at the moment there are only presets.Aesthetics rating: 7/10The video/graphics:Pros: A refined engine which doesn't overstress the system, fantastic attention to detail and good texture resolutions. Harsh weather means genuinely poor visibilityCons/suggestions: The game appears to be using the existing game engineVideo/graphics rating: 7/10The audio:Pros: Adds so much to the immersion in each map, e.g. windscreen wipers make a noise, the sound resolution is goodCons/Suggestions: More speaker options could be usefulAudio rating: 10/10The gameplay:Pros: Rewards good driving, strongly punishes poor driving, more immersive than most games I've played. Changes in terrain are obvious but subtle enough, changes in vehicles and vehicle setup are obvious, each car feels as though it has its own personalityCons: On a couple of stages it was unclear which direction to head in even with the pacenotes, I got a graphic driver issue when I went the wrong way on one occasionSuggestions: A tutorial system for the vehicle setup would really helpGameplay rating: 7/10Overall rating: 7.75/10For an Early Release the game is in fantastic shape in my opinion. There is still a lot that can be improved but thankfully nothing fundamental. Codemasters have got the basics right with the driving, the physics and the immersion, with the audio a clear step above previous DiRT releases.Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,310560,15633862,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Alex72,"Good graphics, good sounds, very nice core game here. 2 issues that are serious for wheel users, read below.So far im impressed with the direction Codies have taken making a more realistic rally game because im the type of customer who bought one or two Dirt games in the past and then stopped because i wanted more realism. What they need to sort out/improve is the FFB (Force Feed Back) and deadzone for wheel users. The FFB is kinda like in typical Codemasters games where there isnt enough information coming through. Heavyness and vibrations isnt enough for a sim/simcade and its not enough for people with good wheels/pedals. There is also a rather large deadzone, but it hasnt bothered me too much so far. Both issues can be tweaked a bit. People have come up with XML tweaks to make the FFB better for example. Still far from good, but better. However its hard for people coming from titles like Assetto Corsa where the FFB is great, and so far Dirt Rally has quite a bit to go before it gets anywhere near Assetto Corsa quality FFB. Personally i dont need that good FFB to enjoy Dirt Rally, but it needs to get better. From what ive seen i think Codies will try improve the FFB. At least i hope so.Real review coming later when Codies have gotten further with Dirt Rally - Early Access. Would i recommend it now? I think yes. But only if you are ok with FFB not being very good yet, and you got money to spend on a WIP game in development. The core game here is great. The stages/cars looks great and the physics feel pretty darn good, and there is no typical Dirt coolness to menues or the rallying itself - its a much more mature/realistic rally game that is harder and more realistic than the usual Dirt series (the discussion board is filled with the typical ""Dirt"" clientel that asks to make it easier - lol). With FFB improvements and less deadzone this will be very nice if they keep it the way it is.I have to add something. Ive read about people saying the performance is bad in Dirt Rally - Early Access. So far i havent experienced that on my humble machine. I run most on HIGH with a few settings on MEDIUM. Textures and all the juicy stuff is on HIGH and i run it on 1920x1080 with - so far - no performance problems at all. Its super fluid at 60FPS constantly. I havent tested all combos yet so that might change, but so far so good. Specs:AMD FX 8350 8core @ 4.2GHZ - Nvidia GTX660 2GB - 8GB RAM."
76561198083473477,Recommended,310560,18847809,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Jason*Bourne™,"Thumbs up from me!, back to basics!"
76561197961805142,Recommended,310560,19377568,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sturmbert,"It's the best rally racing game out there.You will need a steering wheel.Forget getting first place every race, just making it is a challenge in itself.It's hard and unforgiving, but man does it feel good if you get it right.If you are looking for a satisfying drive, then this is the game for you, If you are looking for a singleplayer story then it is not.10/10"
,Recommended,310560,18987510,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Baul Plart,"From playing this for only 5 hours and a bit, I'm completely deaf from the very loud engine noises. And yes I did try and turn the sound down but it made no difference at all.Jokes aside, this the most realistic driving/racing game that I have ever played, and I've played a fair few. Everything on the car is a moving piece and on some cars you can even see the engine running through the boot. It's just little details like that that make a good game.10/10 would go deaf again."
,Recommended,310560,32432388,Posted: 15 June,all,Awptimus Prime,"The best rally game I have ever played. A simulator of rally, rallycross and hill climbing. Hard to learn and mostly impossible to master. Totally different of other Dirt titles, that provide you a more arcade experience. Necessary for the best driving experience is a wheel."
76561198080756409,Recommended,310560,28556709,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,gravedigger_billy,Best rally game I've ever played. Awesome car and track selection and its a racing game you can actually use with a controller!
,Recommended,310560,17233692,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,helloar14,"I'm not really a sim person (I played this game with a gamepad), but I always liked rally games. I thought Dirt 3 was cool, Dirt Showdown was meh, but this...This is beyond awesome. Like others have said it before: This is Dark Souls with wheels."
76561198057320112,Recommended,310560,19552458,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Kabumi,"drive-model is easy to understand, hard to master"
,Recommended,310560,18339172,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,QuantFC,Real-life driving is too arcade compared to this game.POSITIVE:· graphics· sound· performance/optimization· handling· support/updatesNEGATIVE:· should've been released years ago (all my life waiting for the perfect game)
,Recommended,310560,15734465,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,KoTu,"You played rally games before, right. You jump right in, turn off noob helpers and pedal to the metal... and you will crash on first corner. Now, you have two options: restart and try again or quit.One of those options will end up with great experience and great satisfaction of accomplishment, other one with desktop view. You decide.You're not a wuss. Got your Mini, and rocking on stages. Maybe it's time to check some online challenge. You get into new powerful car, ready to destroy this stage. Almost instantly game teaches you what word humble means. You're so ""bad♥♥♥♥♥quot; driving Subaru on 2nd gear. After that, you will go back to your Mini and be happy that you can drive that on 4th gear.DiRT Rally is like a cat."
,Recommended,310560,18993495,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Rekt.exe,This is the only race game/sim where i had to restart 80+ times to finish a race.9/11 would crash again.
76561198074382557,Recommended,310560,19551414,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,xbollox,This game is proper rally and even on easy it's unfogiving. Runs very well in 1440p (high-ultra) on my old rig with HD7970 and it looks and feels fantastic. Real rally is back! Very well optimized and plenty of video setting to tamper with. Best rally game in years.
76561197984892243,Recommended,310560,19550004,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,-Shogun-,"Best rally game after Colin McRae 2 maybe best ever, working great with Logitech Driving Force GT!!! 10+Only problem that some notes wasnt accurate on early access, hope they have fixed in release."
,Recommended,310560,15583435,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,mmkay,Aboslutely fantastic game!  Once again has the best graphics for any racing game on the market.  The cars handles beautifully.  Overall very impressed and very satisfied.  A must have for any hardcore racer.
,Recommended,310560,20989486,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,vocode,Best rally sim in years. Can't stop playing. Considering buying 450 euro wheel. Please help.
,Recommended,310560,15670150,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Tiny Tom,"Dirt: Rally brings back what made the Colin Mcrae series what it was in the 90's and early 2000's. It provides a semi-simulation feel that lets it sit with other more serious racing games without becoming inaccessible to those looking for a fun rally game.Plays great on a controller, but probably would demand a wheel for those looking to get most out of it.Presentation is outstanding with great graphics and sound that emulate the aesthetics and grit a rally event should. The attention to detail is really appreciated. Replay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQyq-K2l6EMAlthough once you've spent an hour or two with this game the content will dry up there are high hopes this game will become something special during the course of its development."
76561198011115907,Recommended,310560,15723095,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Razor,I have waited many years for this kind of game... ITS RALLY... Pure Rally!! Old school style.. no morre flashbacks!! if you make a mistake you will pay dearly for it. I dont recommend keyboard & mouse as you need fully control of your car around these norrow roads.Cockpit view looks fantastic with a detailed dashboard... what else can you ask for? it feels like racing rally!well done to codemasters !!
76561198117473978,Recommended,310560,30370773,Posted: 7 March,all,Meevime,"Linux version, openSUSE/LeapThis game is 2 in 1 - probably the best racing game I have ever played in addition to the best port of a graphics intensive game to Linux I have seen. This game feels so real in mechanics compared to the physical laws of driving of a car, and just lacking only the human sense of the gravity factor. Astoundingly I can run it on High settings 1920x1080, no lags,  on an extremely ancient hardware with Intel Core2Duo - twice bellow  the minimum requirements for CPU speed,  and low-end Nvidia GTX700 series video card."
,Recommended,310560,17511035,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,mindsignals,"I have to go ALL THE WAY BACK to 1987 to Accolade's Test Drive for the Amiga--the last time I was hopelessly addicted to a driving game.  Of course, the former is laughable by any measure nowadays, and I can only wonder if we'll laugh at today's racing games 30 years from now pondering how we found a title to be quite this amazing.Dirt Rally has an incredibly replayable, difficult, and addictive nature to it.  I will find myself playing ""just one more stage"" again and again, and it has become my go-to game.  I highly recommend a controller (or driving controls...just not a keyboard/mouse) as the analog inputs are very much needed.  Dirt Rally is much more a simulation and a challenging one, which makes the realism seem much higher than your typical driving game.It has three modes currently--rally (my favorite), hill climb, and a circuit against other vehicles (ai or pvp).  Each is unique and takes time to master.  I have yet to master the latter even at a basic level.  Additionally, there are daily, weekly, monthly, and league challenges in addition to 5 difficulty levels (of which I have seen just two in 60+ hours of gameplay).I cannot recommend this game highly enough!!  The best part is that since they are still in early access, they continue adding new features, tracks, and cars, while fine-tuning what they already have."
,Recommended,310560,16164203,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Vantas,"DiRT goes back to the good old days and scraps the whole ""Dudebro"" stuff like Gymkhana and focuses purely on rally. No seriously, this game is all about rally. Even in it's early access stage it gets updated and doesn't feel lacking in content. The physics are great, the graphics are good and most importantly, the gameplay is superb. Even though it is still in early access and there is more content to come, DiRT Rally is the best rally sim that I have played in my life."
,Recommended,310560,22347280,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,IROCkiller,"I will attempt to sum up this game in one sentence. Ok, here we go!TREES OH GOD A CLIFF PLEASE HELP NO NOT THE SNOW PLEAAAAAAAAAAASE!"
,Recommended,310560,17751668,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Books McZaddy,Flipped my car into a water splash and broke some old Welsh farmer's gate. Will play more.
76561198272681305,Recommended,310560,32767331,Posted: 25 June,all,Yuri Gogopnik,"DiRT Rally is really difficult but it offers you a realistic rally game. When I'm playing this especially rally mode it feels like my goal isn't win for the first place but just survive the track without any damage. The hell I can't even win for the first place on rally mode, the highest place I could get was 2nd place. On rally cross mode, I'm stuck in 4th place just because the AI is really fast which is the part of realistic competitive race. Compared to the previous installment, DiRT Rally is the most difficult one. As I remember, DiRT 3 had an options to set the realistic of the game. If you are new, you can set the game that matches with your skills. On DiRT Rally, you have less assists support and In my opinion as a non-pro, It's still difficult. The controllers are highly recommended using steering wheel or at least gamepad/xbox controller. Using keyboard is a massacre.In conclusion, the game is still pretty good with its realistic race and It's kind of fun when your car is crashed. I would say that this game is really good for pro racing gamer, but If you are just like me, a non-pro, you must take risks of the difficulty playing this game."
76561198010393028,Recommended,310560,16430029,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Purple Tentacle,"Always used to love the old racing games.One of my early gaming memories is playing against my dad on Total Drivin'.Things have come a long way since then but I've always loved off track racing games. Dirt3 was good but then I had to go through the nightmare that is gymkhana.This game is unforgiving and has a brutal learning curve. Expecting to drift around a corner at full speed? Not going to happen. Rewind back to your mistake and fix it? Not anymore.For tyre kickers like myself it has been a hard slog to the finish, with many a restart and curse in between. When you finish though. My God does it feel good."
76561198152545920,Recommended,310560,15683420,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,blairbrownrallying,"Dirt Rally is by far the best Stage rally game released to date, it is also the only rally simulator around, and the rest tend to be just arcade games. Love the accuracy of stages such as Sweet Lamb, unlike in games such as WRC 4. I think it is great that all the older cars are in it, but I don’t think that as much time has been put into the post 2010 cars. As a rally driver in Britain (fingers crossed Europe soon) and one of the first privateers to receive the new Ford Fiesta R2T kit, it would really appeal to me to see some modern 2WD cars such as a the DS3 R3, Fiesta R2 and 208 R2. It has been announced that Rally Germany and Pikes Peak will be released but haven’t read that new cars will. I just hope the FIA isn’t in full control of the rights to using these cars in games. The game is really only playable on a wheel as I said it’s more a simulator game, but if you are committed enough you will get to grips with keys. This game is a must buy for any motorsport fan, well priced and can’t wait for the DLC and updates. If you are a supporter of rallying buying it at this stage will show commitment and improve the game even more."
,Recommended,310560,16784933,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,[SF] TOMOLI,"It means something when u become a car lover from a game.This game is awesome! Free dlc! Awesome new parkours and modes! Compatible with almost every wheel! And the graphics and design of how you can play the game is just in and out awesome! I recommend this game alot.At first its hard especially if you have a keyboard like me (Thinking of buying a wheel). But at some moment u get the hang of it and find your car that makes you win the game, It doesnt matter if your not the competitive type of person because you will always get rewarded for atleast trying to win the race. You have daily,weekly,and monthly races where you can earn some extra cash by racing on a special mode for example: Playing on night mode with an Toyota Celica on a dirt map. The game offers a wide expansion of trying to win the race by learning your mistakes and trying to win over and over again. a must buy!"
,Recommended,310560,24355075,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Diziet Embless Sma,"When this launched in early access I was taken back to a time when Dirt games (Colin McRae) were simulators not wannabe arcade games.  Sure the game was minimal in tracks and cars but it showed the intent of the dev team perfectly.  This is the game we want to make now, are you guys in or not?Well yeah, I was in.. did they come true on their promises?  Yes, all of them IMO and then some.For an early access game to support force feedback wheels, that's good but kinda necessary for a racing simulator.  For it also to support TrackIR for headlook and my HD3D monitor is awesome and it looked amazing.Fast forward god knows how many months and the games been launched and now the VR patch has dropped.  It was a hefty update but I'm very happy to say it just worked.  Launch game, bam it's running on the Rift.  So TrackIR sold, HD3D no longer necessary.This is the rally game you've been waiting for; if you've just got a joypad... jump right in it's perfectly playable.  If you've got an FFB you're in for a treat; if you've got VR you're in for an even bigger treat especially on the wet stages, bloody rain!tl;drThis is not an arcade game though, it will require a decent investment of time to get good.  8 hours or so into playing it and er... well I still suck.  Now the Rift patch has dropped though I can start investing more time; this is what I've been waiting for.This game has the developer support, the peripheral/accessory support, tracks you'll love to hate, the cars you want to drive and the ongoing online challenges you want, it has a good single player mode with multi stage races, car damage with correct time scales to repair the car between stages."
76561198098573074,Recommended,310560,17135031,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,SpikyCactus (R.I.P Tom Petty),"What you need to play DiRT Rally:- A good a$$ steering wheel- The mindset of handling a rally car- Don't Cut- Preparation for a painful rage quit after screwing up a good run- A map just in case you find yourself lost in the woods- First Aid / Survival Kit- A compass- ....something else survival worthyJokes aide though, This game is so brutally good with its great physics, beautiful photo-realistic graphics, real world stages crafted to perfection, and a good selection of cars with superb sound.  Driving in the stages may feel like you're in survival mode all the time but it feels that much rewarding when you nail a stage without going off and seeing stars when you hit a tree. This IS the Dark Souls of racing games and Codemasters does it pretty darn well with this game.Oh and one more thing, don't cut. I'm serious, please don't."
,Recommended,310560,22391534,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,gfRally,"Dirt Rally is a sensory masterpeice.  The sounds are amazing, every nuance you would hear in car and outside are perfect.  Graphics are well done, few sims racers can capture the atmosphere of the place they are representing.  Game play, though hard at times, and some have said impossible, is very rewarding when you run a clean stage.This is not a game for first time sim racers, nor should you be playing Need for Speed and expect to beat the game, or work up the leaderboards quickly.  It takes paitence, and time.Drive slow and steady, the speed will come."
76561198064612778,Recommended,310560,19564666,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Kuai liang,"One of the best Rally game in the market , i played every colin mcrae & dirt games , but this one the best ,if you played richard burns rally and you like it , buy  this game this what you are looking for.Dirt rally not an easy game it's a driving simulator, if you're new to this game or to the driving simulator in general i don't recommend this game for youIn the end this is the best simulator rally game from Codemasters, to all WRC fans , go for it you will never regret it"
76561197993694207,Recommended,310560,20563116,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Datek,"This is a true rally experience, and it is awesome!"
76561198092663215,Recommended,310560,28620820,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BaByStrikeR,Hard Game but beautiful!!!
,Recommended,310560,15694440,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Brad,addictively annoying but yet so satisfying
,Recommended,310560,17971379,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,[F2C]MaDMaXX,"All the fun of the fair, so long as the fair offers great rally cars from the 60's on through to modern times.  Some great memories, satisfying handling and effort to realism on top of some really good looking graphics at the higher settings.Currently monthly released expansion packs with updates/fixes at the same time or in between.  Would buy again :)"
76561198080975244,Recommended,310560,23486560,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Sousa,if you have a wheel this game is a must have! could be the best rally game ever made.
76561198004851097,Recommended,310560,18331968,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Badexample,"Best game in the last decade! Impressive physics, controls and pure bliss to play. I am addicted to this game and will soon buy a cockpit and full steering wheel rig. Please Codemmasters, we need an extension for Rally Cross. There is nothing like it!"
76561198039254866,Recommended,310560,16697011,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Irishlad147,Irishlad147 gives his honest opinion on the recently released Steam Early Access game Dirt Rally. Should you get it or forget it?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1scFh51zXes
,Recommended,310560,30320793,Posted: 4 March,all,olafalo,"Linux-specific part: Rally runs really well for me under Arch. I got a big scary warning at first launch that my OS was unsupported but I've had absolutely no problems.The game itself is great. This is definitely more of a simulation than DiRT 3 / Showdown was, which I like. There are upgrades and tuning of the usual things (brake balance, diff strength, suspension), but they aren't the focal point. The focal point is fast-paced blind driving with little room for error.I've had a lot of fun playing this game, and I'm very happy with its Linux port."
,Recommended,310560,31745104,Posted: 14 May,all,ImClarky,"The best Doing-Really-Well-Until-You-Hit-A-Crest-At-The-Wrong-Angle-And-Go-Into-The-Trees-Ruining-Your-Run Simulator on the market.On a more serious noteComing from other racing games, such as Forza or Gran Turismo, I thought this game would be relatively similar; just another racing game set on a rally stage. Boy was I wrong.This game offers a much more simulator feel compared to other ""racing simulators"". It accounts for weight distribution, understeer, oversteer, different grip performances over different terrain and more. You have to be productive in understanding the car's setup: should I balance the breaks to the front or back, should I loosen the differential, firm up the suspension etc... all of which depends on what surface you are racing on and the layout of the stage - are there many hairpins / acute turns, is it inclining or declining etc.The lack of a ""mini-map"" means you have to listen to your co-driver's pace notes and plan how you're going to attack the next bit of road (a ""right 5 over crest"" is a lot different to a regular ""right 5"", and when the co-driver says ""Don't Cut"" YOU DO NOT CUT) adding a mental aspect that some other racing games seem to lack; it's easy to learn the look and feel a circuit by looking at the map in the corner and playing it a bit - I could recall the layout of Silverstone or Laguna Seca if you wanted me to.As I mentioned at the start, this game is pretty unforgiving should you get it wrong. You can go from 5 seconds ahead at the split, to 10 seconds behind, just by messing up one corner. The 15 second time penalty for going off is a little harsh imo, but I suppose it wouldn't be challenging enough if it wasn't that severe.Overall, this game is a solid 9/10. The only thing really missing from it is a ""playable"" tutorial - it's just videos descibing the various bits and pieces of rallying; although they are in-depth - to get you into the game."
,Recommended,310560,15691053,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,✪Captaindust,"Great game! Finally a game that challenges you to the max!The game is in early acces but the build is really stable! Haven't had any trouble so far.It's a real challenge to drive fast and control your car in tight corners ..To much steering results into a crash so you really have to be carefull with your controls!But after 30 mins or so you'll get the hang of it!If you want to beat the n1 time on a stage you'll have to drive very fast , so fast that you crash almost everytime you take corners, your heart will definently pump faster!!The car  handles as it's supposed to: Real and not arcade-ishCan't wait to see more cars and tracks added to this!!Cons:- Realistic car handling- No gymkhana/arcade gameplay- Challenging from the start !!- Amazing sound engine- Game is made because the community wanted it- Devs listen to their fans- Realistic weather/terain- Beautifull graphics- Easy to run on almost every pc- More content to come!Pro's:- Hard to control- colin mcrae's name is not on the box :((("
,Recommended,310560,15638374,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Xyp3r,"Codemasters have gone back to there roots ! , this reminds me of Colin McRae Rally 2.0 on a new engine ! A pure simulation that dumps you in a deap ditch wanting to improve yourself.Dont confuse this with the previous somewhat arcade dirt games ,its a brutal ,bumpy,difficult heart pounding simulation and not for the impatient.LIke in 2.0 you have to fix your car within the alotted time with the best team you can afford inbetween races.The sense of realism in the cockpit/dash views is immense together with amasing realistic sounds and damage coadmasters are creating something really special here.I suggest you buy this now and save yourself some money as price hikes are incoming with the more content they add,For those that are waiting for multiplayer ,there is already some kind of time based daily/weekly tournaments in the game with live pvp races comming soon....10/10 would flip and die going to fast on a bumpy 6 right turn over and over again ...."
,Recommended,310560,15597591,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,R3STRIKT3D,"Wow. Just wow.This game doesn't hold your hand, it kicks you in the♥♥♥♥♥ makes you fall into the DiRT and kicks you while you're down.It's awesome. Too many games these days play themselves, all you need to do is press a few buttons. This game requires skill, theres not stupid Ken Block BS or gymkhana.This is what happens when develops LISTEN to the fans, and gives them what they want. If you enjoyed the rally games of old, you'll LOVE this!I do think the price is a tiny bit high (40NZD) i believe 25 NZD would be a bit more reasonable, however this game doesn't feel early access at all.You won't regret it if you purchase this game!"
76561197961544014,Recommended,310560,18966652,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,S_Holden,Best racing game ever.I hate it so much.
76561198027427993,Recommended,310560,28821243,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PascaL,"Incredible game, the best rally simulator game since Richard Burns Rally"
,Recommended,310560,19566246,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Misterodgers,great game. just need a head to head rally mode.
,Recommended,310560,19148439,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Cave Goblin,I have played this game for several hours and I can gladly confirm there are no tutsi cockroaches! 10/10
76561198001309870,Recommended,310560,22287460,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Safeword: POLICE BRUTALITY PL,"It is hard.It forgives nothing.It reminds me first COLIN MCRAE DIRT!It is AWESOME!!!!!But, please...Fix goddamn lack of visible damage, we want to see wreckage, piles of bodywork, flying tires!!!Now it's like *bang in a tree, tires etc* , only a steam from eengine and few dumps.Come on Codemasters.I say YES, for this game!"
76561198142224307,Recommended,310560,30420394,Posted: 9 March,all,m42BMW,"Dirt Rally is the most authentic, exciting, and fun rally experience on PC or console since Richard Burns Rally. The best game of it's kind available today, no doubt about it! Have played since beta and it's better than ever today, highly optimized vs it's earlier releases."
,Recommended,310560,18299099,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,er1kse,After long years. We have a rly good rally game.
,Recommended,310560,19551073,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SpaggHeddy,"I was waiting for the full release date of the game so i can make review then.. today is the day i can do that...I bought the game 2 weeks before the release of 1.0 version and i need to say that this is one of the best racing simulations i ever played. Not like Project cars which is all bugged and stiff..  but this game is close to game we all ever wanted.I cant say its perfect 10 but i will give it 9/10, graphic is amazing and also gamepaly is to the perfection... Only FFB is a bit lose... but  that can be fixed."
76561198171367737,Recommended,310560,19648457,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,tankshell,"Excellent Rally Game. Equal or maybe even better then original Colin McRae Rally 1+2I highly recommend this game if you are into Rally. DiRT Rally is brutal, back to basics Rally driving. With an emphasis on brutal. Get ready for some practice laps.Best enjoyed using a steering wheel, or at least a gamepad. Unplayable with M/KB.Requirements:- Nerves of steel- 101% focus on drivingRewards:- Pure adrenaline- A true rally experience- Unparallelled feeling of success after finally beating a best time"
,Recommended,310560,19888087,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Electric Avenue,I won every single race in Forza now I have to actaully try and still come in 5thReally challangeing and lots of fun9/10
76561198032011709,Recommended,310560,15810546,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,digital_peer,"Its been a good year, raceroom racings picked up their game, pcars has come out, Assetto corsa is getting its act together.And then this game..... Just out of nowhere comes this... almost apology of a title, apologising for all that Ken Block gymkhana drivel they've been forcing down our throat for years. Not to mention that showdown game *shudders*.I say almost, because what this game is, is a love letter from codemasters, its saying hey, im sorry and im still the person i was when you fell in love with me all those years ago, we still have that spark to make amazing captivating racing, and want you back.Thank you Codemasters, thank you very much I've missed you and i still love you too.Love,Dig"
76561198014316197,Recommended,310560,15739779,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,VauZwa,.....Best Rally Simulation EVER! .....Good Job! - Worth every Cent of it....Buy it!
76561197972011298,Recommended,310560,15757150,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Cooper1984,a proper rally game :)
,Recommended,310560,19580110,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,What The Fup,Hard and rewarding.
,Recommended,310560,16878089,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,GTFrank,It is like pulling me back to 20 years ago when I was crazy about Colin McRae Rally. They are of the same rank: you would regret if you miss.
76561197976528580,Recommended,310560,19555246,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Luis Henrique Caetano,"Simply amazing, state of the art about RALLY SIMULATION."
,Recommended,310560,15596203,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kulibob CZ,Best game I've ever played! Can't wait for more!
76561198046818374,Recommended,310560,24328130,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Paul,"Best racing game so far in VR, truly impressive and absolutely stunning  with a wheel and motion simulator."
76561197995622960,Recommended,310560,18754243,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Raz 89,best rally game ever made
,Recommended,310560,28614915,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,James (not Michael) Stevens,>Drives 90% of the time really really careful>makes one mistake in front of the finish line>crashes>car totaled>repeat
,Recommended,310560,19550997,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,broken chamona 'Deus Vult,its the best rally game ever made! maybe not the most realistic but it feels right like a rally game should feel.feels fantastic with wheel and padphysics arent the most realistic one out there but in my eyes the most accurate. you always know how to handle the car because it gives you a good feedback about everythingGG codemasters you did earn our respect to do this with early access and it should show how early access can also be usefull for big publisher and developerthank you !
,Recommended,310560,18499348,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,rubbor duccy,This is what rally games should be
,Recommended,310560,15626163,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Benjamin Ficus,"it's a rogue like survival rpg, but with rally cars.10/10"
,Recommended,310560,27913283,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ikuconodule,"I have such nostalgia for Lancia. Every time it comes back in a daily I'm reminded of their RELENTLESS performance (not my words, check wikipedia) at the 1973 Monte Carlo Rally. I knew right then and there that they were future WRC material, despite the fact that the mid-engined Stratos wasn't even built yet.I'd reckon it was a good 15 years before they hit their prime, at the 1987 World Rally Championship. To think that they also won the WRC before then in an underpowered Stratos is simply incredible. IMO that was the greatest single season performance by a car in WRC history, the kind of thing that puts Renault, Citroën, Audi and Subaru all to shame.It's absolutely pathetic that the team was never picked up over a powerhouse brand like Fiat. They would've put Volkswagen in their place and pounded their stage times, just like they've done to rivals every year. With such prowess, I can only assume that Fiat made them an offer and, being the true Italians they are, Lancia decided they'd rather rebuild their ailing childhood heroes.Nonetheless, I would expect big things from Lancia in this game. Dirt Rally is a real CHASSIS game and I'd bet Lancia has the best one in any category. Nothing short of a top 5 in stage WRs would be acceptable. For the monthly rally, a victory is on the cards for sure. Just look at the stats. 4wd won every WRC event from the 80s onwards except against the Lancia 037, to which the Quattro lost once. Lancia got in Audi's head, got that PSYCHOLOGICAL advantage, and will blow the FRs out of the water when they go wheel to wheel. They're gonna be gunning for the win, I'm sure of it. Honestly, the only question I have about this game is whether you can handle driving a REAL RALLY CAR."
76561198202640780,Recommended,310560,17415002,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,killer-miller98,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,310560,15605161,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DD,"This game treats me like I'm his ♥♥♥♥♥♥, and I LOVE IT!"
76561198041566536,Recommended,310560,21528534,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[M]artillery,"In DiRT Rally your co-driver has a second voice he uses sometimes. It's a quiet voice, used when the engine is silent when you have just slid off into a briar patch, a certain tone that says: ""I'm being a professional about this, but you just messed up.""The agony of failure and the triumph of victory has always been the appeal of great rally games and DiRT Rally is a throwback to the greats.There's a bit of differing opinion in reviews because of the inevitable comparison to Richard Burns Rally. If you are coming from RBR then these cars are going to feel too forgiving and too easy to control. If you haven't played RBR then DiRT Rally""s cars will impress you with their difficulty and unforgiving disposition.It's DiRT's championships that are truly difficult it's completing the stage fast enough to win that requires lots of practice.  It's focused on gameplay rather than physics like RBR but it is still the best physics sim outside of RBRSound design is jaw dropping.Stages are amazingly detailed and varied.No, this is not the same as RBR but what it is instead is the rally game that everyone has been waiting for, in fact, the best rally game ever. They knocked it out of the park."
76561198052853919,Recommended,310560,17247960,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Riccardo | ri6arsLV,The best DIrt game in its franchise.If you didn't enjoy the arcade rally games like Dirt 3 then this is for you.Driving in this game is just like in real life. And it's hard.
,Recommended,310560,22078304,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,MitzeKatze,"Best Rally Racing Game in the civilized world at the time of this writing bar none. (note by civilized world I would like to stress; themarket/s.)Yes this is opinionated but honest and unbiasedrecommendationbut that's not the point, it being; that this game is immensely good (involved and evolved) in terms of various aspects that have to do with gaming and then namely in theRallyesim(sub)genre.-It is just as much fun as the Dirt series was, which by all means could be considered an arcade-""sim"" (more 'arcarde' then 'sim' IMHO),-It is just as easy to drive (like say...Richard Burns Rally) respectfully,-with a somewhat strong emphasis onreal simulationthis one takes the cake, for sure.-As it is the newest addition in the hereford mentioned category it has a lot to offer, with the newest, most recent rendition above all (if you care for your games looks, this is your pick).-(but;) Most importantly the racing, gaming experience isright on point,and could be possibly (I think) consideredtrue to (real) life physics,from what I canfeel'driving'.This is what a lot of people, from what I could gather have been hoping for, expecting and waiting for (including yourz truly) hence now is the time for it to be delivered; see hereand look no further.I think that someone who isn't involved with Rally Racing would, after seeing this game in action get hooked and would want to jump right in. I got it in Early Access and this is to me proof of (that) concept; it'sgreatbut remember: Skill takes a lot of practice and mastery equalsdedication.Might you choose to pick this one up; Enjoy!! Iloveit, and nowtimefor me to jump back in myself.Peace!(ps kudos@Devs, I thinkdeservingly so.Hellufa produc, LOL ;)"
76561198038500302,Recommended,310560,21836956,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Bastargre,"this game is great. it has a lot of content and it is worth your timeit has 3 rallymodes (Rallycross, Hillclimb, Rally) and all are equally challenging, there are stages on all kind of different surfaces.it has a wide range of FWD, RWD and 4WD which all feel different and can take some time to master. the car handling feels real and good."
,Recommended,310560,21255837,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,GrandTouring3,"Words cannot describe my addiction to this game. I remember the first time I played this game like yesterday. The first car I chose was the Audi. When I heard that sound of the Audi, I knew I was going to have a blast. And I did, with 50+ hours logged in the game since buying it in June. (or was it July?) The handling model, added on with the challenge, is punishing. If you slightly tap a rock, that's a few seconds off your time. I like it that way. Then they added Rallycross. I had even more of a blast than on normal rally stages. It made me realize one of the biggest factors of the game-the speed. Okay the cars aren't as fast as a Ferrari, but they're enough to satisfy my need...for speed. This is a great game, and a great first entry into the DiRT series. It's something that you can play ffor a LONG time.TL;DR- So would I recommend this game? Yes. Just make sure you have a powerful PC. That laptop isn't going to cut it.(Or you could get it on console....if you have one.)"
76561198084082189,Recommended,310560,24535150,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Proudyy,"Where to Start.This game is probably the most realistic ""Rally"" Simulator currently released. The game is quite hard to just sit down and pick up. Trust me, you will be in the hedge quicker than colin mcrae can say ""If in Doubt, flat out"".The game starts you off in career only being able to afford 2 cars, and here on out the only way to buy better cars is to win events. Sounds easy? Well, You need to take into account paying for your crew. They have a limited amount of use throughout the events, if you dont have a decent crew or pay for a cheap crew, less work will be done to the car in your half an hour slot.Overall, the graphics are good, sound is awesome to me. The cars generally sound powerful.Also, it has pikes peak. Recreated and looks fantastic.I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a challenge and likes rally games. I would recommend at the minimum some sort of controller for gameplay, but a steering wheel for the best effect.5/5!"
,Recommended,310560,16382633,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,m1k3072,"This is the simulation I was craving since the DiRT series began. It's tough, unforgiving and relentless, the way it should be."
,Recommended,310560,33123839,Posted: 2 July,all,ClanFever,"One of these ""I don't do many reviews"" type of reviewsI've played quite a few racing games. Loved Gran Turismo when I was a kid. Forza, NFS, Burnout, Colin Mcrae, Grid - Just to name a few of the series I've played. One thing I've noticed is, they've all gotten worse the more they've released. Yet they keep making them, and people keep buying them.This takes it back to what a racing game should be. Realistic. The last time I had this much fun actually doing the driving part of the game was Richard Burns rally. These days game makers are after the $$$ and so make something with mass appeal. Which is a shame, really a game should be good at what it's meant to be portraying. Think of this as the Arma of racing, but without the weird glitches. If you want a good challenge, and a rewarding feeling when you get it right, this is for you. Much better with a gamepad/joystick/steering wheel set up."
76561198051378012,Recommended,310560,21576076,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Charlie Big Potato,"This is unlike my marriage, it's new, exciting, thrilling, willing to give you more.  It truly is the most realistic rally game available.  The graphics and handling are amazing.I've only played 5 hours of this game so my review should not be decisive but if you like racing games and on the edge of your seat white knuckle thrills, this game will deliver.Racing games like this should be played with a steering wheel for the most realistic feel of a rally driver.  It's very accessible and designed for beginners and experts.It never remembers my logitech G27 settings but that's a small price to pay for such a great PC Rally driving game.I love you DIRT Rally and I love my wife :-)"
,Recommended,310560,16096081,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,mic166,Simply best rally game out there.
,Recommended,310560,19573150,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,_kyle,The ultimate game that makes you think twice about your driving lessons
76561197968273721,Recommended,310560,19573796,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,WeAntilles,"This is the Dark Souls of Rally Games, or Driving Games at all.Drive, Error, Restart, Drive, Error, Restart, ... until you know every inch of the stage, and when you finally make it, and your hands nearly fall off because of the force feedback from you driving wheel, you will gladly go to bed knowing you did good.Or you just shout at this one fu**ing tree, or rock, or whatever is just behind the ledge :11/10 --> +1 for no GYMKHANA / KEN BLOCK"
,Recommended,310560,19152277,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Mr_Mystery,I love this game. If you are a rally fan or car enthusiast this is a must. Haven't had any gliches or any problems. However I would highly recomend geting a racing wheel or something along the line because a keyboard simply can't do the job.
,Recommended,310560,22269854,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,rossoflame,"Getting closer to authentic rally simulation, very nice indeed."
76561198014010842,Recommended,310560,19346355,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Willy Wanker,"I am going to preface this review by saying that I am not good at this game. I am not good at controlling my car even with a gamepad, and god help any of you that try to play with just a mouse and keyboard.That being said I think that this is a very very good game. The physics seem accurate (at least to a filthy casual such as myself), the tracks are supposed to be accurately modeled, and the sound, my god the audio is amazing. The gameplay is challenging, and unless you are much better than me you WILL destroy your car while learning it.Overall I'd say get this game if the idea of driving a howling turbocharged shitbox down gravel roads at 90mph while bouncing off berms appeals to you. I know it appeals to me."
76561198018419140,Recommended,310560,19552980,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,^2mason.zh,"I bought DiRt Rally and AC at the same time. Before  that, I thought I was a good pc racer, after that, I realized that how♥♥♥♥♥♥I am and I couldn't even finish a track without crash the car. Because of these two games, I bought a 200$ G27,right now, I can finish a track in DiRT Rally with only 1 or 2 small crashes and I can even drift a little bit in AC!Trust me, this game can teach you how to shut up and learn how to drive from ground zero.PS: Be ready to purchase a racing wheel!!10/10"
76561198011721693,Recommended,310560,17818061,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ManUtdFan,Best Rally Game that i have ever played ! :) Very good job. Well spent money.
76561198001826330,Recommended,310560,17381115,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Nectaria Coutayar,"After almost 50 hours it's probably time to do the review. Been playing since 0.45 and have played all different classes except the 2010's. From the 1960's ""beginner cars"" to the Group B monsters, back down to Group A to the recent day this game is trying to confine 50 years of rallying in one single game. Car models are well done, physics are as good as you should (yes, should, not could) expect from a simulator game like this and the rally stage are close if not exact replica's of their real life counterparts, there's no fantasy involved.But wait, there's more...Dirt Rally also features the Pikes Peak Hillclimb and Rallycross now, which I find fun to do, but my main personal focus will stay on rally stages, but just know it's out there and it is fun. We'll see if Codemasters decides to expand on these championships with more different hillclimbs or rallycross circuits.Onto the lesser things, as the game is early access, which is sometimes - just like alpha or beta - misused to label an unfinished product that will stay unfinished, there are rough edges. However it feels genuinely early access, and not an excuse. One of things most notable are stuttering/lag issues that seem to affect Nvidia people more than AMD. No mouse support, which is weird for a 2015 game and obviously the ""limited"" (take it with a grain of salt) content available for the price of now 42 euro's (I bought it for 24 or something a few patches ago as they did mention it would increase in price overtime, which imo is a fresh attitude towards otherwhise buyable DLC's or patches).Now I'm not going to go into the discussion if 42 euro's is the correct price right now - although that is still less than let's say Project Cars or Assetto Corsa - as that depends on your budget and how hard you want this game, but I can say this game is worth playing...a lot.Cause it's a sim, it'll take time before you get all green stage times and top the leaderboards, offline or online for that matter. And that's basically the real reason why I would advice this game, it's a longterm investment in entertainment, if Codemasters keeps up the patches like they do I can see this game being in the same league as Richard Burns Rally when it comes to lifespan.And that only means good news.So, to Codemasters: please fix optimilization issues with graphics and sounds...and you have yourself a gold mine with an inspired and enthusiastic community.Nectaria Coutayar"
,Recommended,310560,19171865,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Scylds,"all i can say about dirt rally is graphic so smooth, AAA weather effect and yes this game pretty hard to master thats why make this game so challenging.there is some point that really annoy me when playing in dirt rally:- Unbreakable small bushes, fences. (in some course they have unbreakable bushes / fences. in case if u crash to them ur car will badly destroy. i hope they will fix this before launch full version)- If u come to this game as a newbie at racing simulator like me. you will find really hard to make best tuning for your car coz no in-game tutorial to make best tuning. and this mean u will get long way to grinding money to buy new car.- it's fully controller support. but i can't navigate using my PS3 controller when in main menu.- no ""sell car""  option?  at least give ""sell car"" option or ""Try a car"" so people who want to buy a new car not dissapointed when they find a new car that he buy not really suit with their race style.if u love racing game especially rally. this game worth to buy."
76561198153958006,Recommended,310560,19563649,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,jeckwabb,I'm so happy I got this wonderful game.
,Recommended,310560,18735833,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,darkdeus,"The most fun I've had racing since Richard Burns Rally. It's definitely a proper sim and huge improvement over the previous Dirt games. The physics, ffb, and wheel controller support are waay better. The game has steadily improved in early access and is a great example of early access done right. The devs have had a strong community presence  and have implemented feedback while continuing to put out quality content on a very consistent basis. Console owners will be in for a treat if they decide to release the final version on the PS4 and xbone.I'm very happy to see early VR support as well even though it's a rough implementation. If they continue to work on it the game should be amazing on the Oculus Rift consumer version.Overall the best driving game codemasters has ever made."
,Recommended,310560,18910876,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Daddys Princess,"Tracks are so narrow and hard you'll cry over it.AI is better than you. Period.Cars are so expensive it takes weeks to save up enough money to buy the good ones.Then you'll do an online even where you bet all your money, the game will crash, and then all your hard earned money will go down the drain.Since there's no cheats for this, no hacks, and no way to get money other than playing the game, you'll immedialy uninstall and never play the game again.10/10 would do anal with codemasters again"
,Recommended,310560,27257253,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hazzy,"It's... It's simply the bestBetter than all the restBetter than anyoneBut seriously, this game is all I wanted from Codemasters since i was a little kid that was playing Colin Mcrae Rally 2.0.It has realism, it has focus on rally stages, it has a lot of cars..Codemasters, we want more !"
76561198027553869,Recommended,310560,23767647,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tactical GummyBear,"Finally!!! a rally game with decent driving physics, its the closest to a real driving experience, so its hard tho, but with a bit of practice its rewarding   10/10"
,Recommended,310560,23746176,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Bond7,Best rally game <3
76561198036308801,Recommended,310560,15764114,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Dealz,"Until now, I have never been engrossed in a sim racer because of the actual racing. Usually, my desire to collect and upgrade cars is what drives me to continue playing games like Gran Turismo, or Forza, because racing in those games can be downright boring. Not so in Dirt Rally, with which I am obsessed right now. I usually don't get infatuated with a game unless it is RPG in nature, but this game has got me hooked.The racing really gives you a feel of power because the cars feel and sound amazing, and the amount of challenge means that success is extremely rewarding. Successfully drifting through a hairpin turn gives a great feeling. Another reviewer said that this is the Dark Souls of racing, and I wholeheartedly agree. Prepare to die, a lot. If you are up for a challenge and love a good race of any kind, I strongly recommend this title."
,Recommended,310560,15731954,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,biggtiny30,"Very addictive, really look forward to the daily events, having a blast, game really keeps you on your toes"
,Recommended,310560,17896852,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,think,Like it. Nice feeling.
76561198017351876,Recommended,310560,17904765,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Pingu,Scares me more than a horror game. F****** awesome. The feeling of finishing a race without falling off a cliff or hitting a tree is just priceless !
76561198224625888,Recommended,310560,17857219,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,scrubby21,"Even in early access, this game is absolutely brilliant. I can't wait to see the final product. Great job Codemasters! I have most major driving games out at the moment, and this has quickly become my new favorite."
76561198055326392,Recommended,310560,19565607,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,kornivskis,Great game...captures essence of the rally. Keep up good work Codemasters.
76561198049345210,Recommended,310560,15720020,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Norinoo,"Bear in mind this is Early Access and it gives you ALL content from now on. Every addition and update will be FREE.Further more there's a horizon till the end of the year for release, meaning there's a schedule for updates you should check on the Official Site of the game. There's lots of room for improvement and it'll be improved exactly because it is in Early Access ""Mode"" atm.⦿ I can't say too much with only 4,5hrs in, but i can express my first impressions as to what i liked thus far:⁍ The slick and minimalistic Menu design.⁍ The low loading times.⁍ The car setup and Team Management ""microtransactions"".⁍ The various options in Career Leagues (gradually earning a place to Masters). Great Online Events, racing with no ""Rewind"" or ""Restart"" option available makes them more challenging.⁍ The fact that there is no kind of actual Micro-transactions for the game. For example no one can buy CR or a car etc. Similar that by purchasing Early Access here we get all content. Respect.⁍ First time behind the wheel is brutal...and i have watched ""Nymphomaniac II""... a learning curve that makes the experience more compelling. The handling of the car demands all of our attention, as it should in RL. Instincts are vigilant while behind the wheel.⁍ I don't like using the term ""Realism"" that much, but in the case of sound it should be mentioned. Driving from the Dashboard view i can hear everything as it should be. Crystal clear, pure sounds of gravel (or any other surface) under the wheels. That adds to the feel of the car.⁍ The option to create our own Custom Leagues and Events!⁍ The fact that they are listening the community, asking suggestions/feedback etc. One of the most important factors is to keep the interaction alive. Giving feedback like Patch Notes even for the slightest thing, explaining why they won't implement something the community asked is essential. Personally i wouldn't mind at all being denied something, we get exaggerating when we are given ""card blanche"". Keep it raw as it is now, make it even harder i would say. Practise makes perfect, time, commitment should be the factors to reward in the end and the feel the game gives feels very close to that. Similar to RL. Good work all around (Devs), kudos.⦿Things i don't like though:⁌ Regular, random crashes.(...)⁌ As mentioned by many, the Force Feedback needs working still. It takes away from the feeling of the car and that is pretty vital for a Simulation Racing game.There are prolly things i'm missing here but much have mentioned in Forums, so i stay positive on this one. Cheers."
76561197998530793,Recommended,310560,19556291,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ghost,"Don't look any further if you want one of the best rally racing game on the market. I grew up with codies when they created TOCA, which was one of the best game. Then, time went on, and TOCA 2 came out, and still as good. Then Colin McRae rally, which was an outstanding rally game, then codies went more arcade with TOCA 3, Dirt 1, Dirt 2, etc... Now, codies is back and made sure that this game would go back to the source. The handling, the tracks, physics, everything about this game is spot on. Obviously, since it is a PC release, they have nvidia surround support. The best way to experience this game is with a steering wheel but codies got keyboard and gamepad support. After over 200 hours, this game is still getting me back in. The challenge is high and master level will be though. Honestly, if you love racing, just simply get the game."
,Recommended,310560,25977653,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Cpt. Crazy ©™,"UPDATED REVIEW:Since the game released, and my initial review along with it, things have changed, mostly for the better. However I will discuss some things I still feel need to be addressed. I also want to go ahead and point out I did not pay regular price because I bought the game in alpha stages, so my opinion as to the content recieved for the dollar figure will be skewed, but hopefully not too bad. Now on to business.DiRT Rally does a lot of things well, in my previous review I mentioned graphics were great, but you also didn't lose performance, it is a very smooth very beautiful game, the sound is unparalleled, probably the best part of the game compared to others, bringing it right there with iracing as far as sounds. The handling was a concern previously, and to me, it still is, I still feel the setup does not effect the car as much as it should. Content is still my biggest concern, I feel that there are more than enough cars, but far too few unique rally stages. At 10 unique stages, and with only one Hillclimb location, and 3 RX tracks I feel  there is just not enough content. Now that I've mentioned the good the bad and the ugly I will break down some of these points. These are all points I made previosly that I just feel like I should explain a little betterThe good--Graphics & performance. I've seen prettier games, but none of them ran as smooth. I enjoy watching the replays because of the detail and effects, but when I'm driving none of it gets in the way, or feels over the top, it doesn't hinder framerate, and it just feels like it is exactly where it should be for 2015.-Sound: Possibly the best sound of any racing game ever. You can hear the gravel hitting the car and this gets louder as you go faster or louder as you skate sideways kicking up more gravel. The snow banks make noise when I lean against them  and I can hear how much it is slowing my car based off the sound, the transmission whines, the turbo spools, the antilag system spikes the gear connects, the brakes squeal, the handbrake even sounds like it does is real life when it connects. The only bad thing with the sound is the co-driver, I still feel he is too quiet, and this is after altering my sound settings to make it the loudest thing on my sound, I just feel it gets too quiet at parts and makes it hard to understand.-Required driving technique: Previously I mentioned that the ""handling was good"" what i meant was that the techniques required to drive these cars is very accurate to what would be needed in these cars in real life. Left Foot Braking, heel toe, scandinavian flicks, weight transfer, throttle feathering, and even holding the clutch a bit longer in the old cars makes them drive a bit better. You can really learn how to manipulate a cars weight in this game, the only game that showcases this better is iracing, which is in it's own other dimension in the sim world.The bad--RX AI aggression: I don't know who did it, but sometimes the aggro button gets held down a bit too long for the AI in Rallycross and they tend to just do really stupid things to take themselves out of the race, or to take you out of the race. contact is great between them though, which is an improvement since release, and I really enjoy RX on SP and MP experiences.-AI times in rally and hillclimb: It is just a bit harsh. In rally you are supposed to race at 95% but in order to beat the AI you about have to memorize the stage and hit every corner without missing a beat. What I've learned to do when I can, is to race against the community delta, because it is a more accurate representation of what a decent stage time would be in rally.-co-driver: It is inconveniently inconsistent in volume. When you are doing flatout on gravel it is very hard to hear the pacenotes through it, and in real life they wear earpieces to prevent this, I would recommend some sort of change, however the information and timing has improved greatly since release, otherwise it would be in the ugly section.-extra controller support: I still have some slight issues with my handbrake not getting recognized at the beginning of a stage, I will say this is nowhere near as annoying as it used to be, though, because for the most part it doesn't do this in the midddle of a race and typically I don't see adn issue at the beginning of an RX race, where it would effect launch control. So this also has been greatly improved.The ugly-Lack of content: There is only 10 unique Rally Stages (but many versions including those same stages reversed and mix matched between parts ot create other stages and also broken down to creat shorter stages), 3 RX courses (with 3 layouts each) and 1 Hillclimb course (3 time period accurate versions, 100% gravel, mixed, and modern 100% paved) Now I am impressed at how well they mix and match the stages and impressed also by the various versions of Pikes Peak and the subtle differences that end up making a significant change ot the way a corner is taken. Also I feel each stage, course, and Version look great, and you can add various weather and time of day to most of them which is nice, but this is a game released in 2015, we should expect more unique stages, and although I hate to say it, I feel a $5 DLC pack for a  new locale in rally and a $10 pack for a new HillClimb course would be fair since they feel and look so amazing, I just hope Codemasters has a  plan for that in the near future.NEW ISSUES:-Static, uninteresting Crowd:The crowd looks pretty good, but they don't really look alive, and they certainly make no effort to get out of the way or help you get your car back on course. This is 2015 this shouldn't be too hard to pull off, considering RBR had camera men that would be out in the middle of the road and run back off, and sometimes... you would hit them in the process. I would also like to be able to screw up a turn and go into the crowd area and they move out of the way, or attempt to at least. It would just add some immersion. And definitely an animation while your car is reset would be neat.-Create your own pacenotes:This would be a cool idea and would add again to the immersion. I just feel in 2015 this could have been accomplished and would add a bit of control over the information liek you do in real life with the recce session.-Real-time Rally:What I mean by this is instead of just having your car on the stage and aleaderboard of supposed times that other MP drivers have ran or AI have ran, what if there was a mode made where all the cars queued up in line like in real life and were launched at 30 second intervals? I would love to be running my stage and see the tire marks of the last guy, and maybe even run into a smoking car on its roof. It would certainly be entertaining in the MP area and add ot the immersion in SP as well.=================================================================Overall with the games improvements since launch I can happily say it gets a 80/100 . If they made changes to the issues I experience with current features it would immediately leap to 89% but without making an effort to make the game ultimately better than games from 10 years ago I would not ever be able to put it in the 90% area. If they added the features I mentioned I would feel more inclined to do so, but although this game is pretty, feels good, and sounds stunning, I just can't say without a doubt that I will stop playing RBR, if for no other reason than the massive content alone. However I still would recommend this game to any rally sim fan."
,Recommended,310560,15654166,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,b21993r,"Finally Codemasters is making a real ""Rally"" game for sim fans,and I believe that's what some fans have been waiting for ages.The Graphics takes another step forward while the requirement of the system still remained humble,the all-new physics engine made even finishing a stage without major mistakes a real challenge,the variety of cars still retained,and more upcoming contents primised to come.Overall a fantastic game and can't wait for the final edition!"
,Recommended,310560,20325587,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,"""Gun Safety""","One Daily I win in my country, the next I crash 3 times... Best rally game, the only one better than RBR."
76561198028423994,Recommended,310560,16869559,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,SpectreRobin,"I've only played this for about half an hour but I've played enough rally games in my day to quickly figure out that this one is going to be (and already is) a special rally game, game, racing game and whatever else you got. Amazing graphics, amazing handling, no bro-dude ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, quick loading times, great cars...just the most perfect rally game in YEARS."
,Recommended,310560,16877273,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Good Bøy,"More difficult than Dark Souls, ♥♥♥♥ that Finnish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that always beats me, ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Recommended,310560,16870193,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,#CocuOut,"Just got this game a few days ago, and am absolutely loving it. The graphics are great, and the game runs so smoothly. Absolutely worth the money to buy it."
,Recommended,310560,16886645,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Jack Azzedan,"TL;DRIf you scroll down the reviews far enough to read this, I have one question for you:""What are you doing? JUST BUY THE GAME!""Ahem, right. Now there is a new update, version 0.9 early this November that adds a number of cars and updated the drive physics.For the better, of course.I can't belive how sensical things have become. Mind you, I'm not very good in this game, and despite plunging in the game quite early, I don't play it as much as others because of one thing, RageQuits. And being angry playing this game is a good thing. Bear with me.This is the most realistic driving simulation I have ever played. I heard news about Dirt Rally being released on Early Access from a popular image sharing in the interweb (not Instagram). I learned it's going to be true rally sim unlike those useless gymkhana stunts on previous DiRTs I never got the hang on after many hours.I was excited to read rave early reviews saying how it was going to exceed all previous iterations of Codemaster's DiRT games AND even Richard Burn Rally, the pinacle of Rally games. I tried RBR once, it was a pain to install, with all the necessary mods that took ages to download, and I didn't like the graphics, I didn't like the feels. The practice on that game alone was ridiculous hard and unrealistic. It didn't have support for my Logitech G27 and I won't waste my time getting my wheel working on a game that allows a car to slide around in gravel at 30kph. I played Shift 2 since, and became quite confident with my skills. I tried pCars after that, the physics was similar though I wouldn't say I'm happy with how cars handles.But DiRT Rally is something else.It's out of this world.No, seriously. THIS is the holy grail.It is Early Access, already in v0.9, but you got a fully functioning, mostly bug-free game that runs like a good completed game of the old days. Remember the times when we use DVDs to install games and we can play that game smoothly and comfortably right after installing it, without any Day 1 patches? That's how good Dirt Rally runs out of the box.Sure there is occasional bugs and hastles, but with each iteration it's mostly fixed and if the game hangs on you, perhaps it's about time to take a rest and wash your face. You've probably driven more than 100km in one sitting.Whatever price you pay for this game, it's worth it. You are essentially paying for a complete game that runs superbly well and in each month, there is a massive update giving players new features, new cars, and new game modes (probably). Think of it like buying a complete Rally game and earning free DLCs along the way. YEAH!So I dusted my olde G27 and hooked it up to my new gaming PC, built around this game!Bought my first Mini and hopped into the car.And man, I did fell off a cliff.Those reviewers before me are not joking.This is the real thing. This is the S-word-I'm-not-allowed-to-say. This justifies my new $1500 gaming rig.What you get is punishing Rally game that is as close to the real thing as it can be. There isn't any other game like this and sadly, I don't think there will be any other after this. RBR survived a decade for a reason. The masochists that we all are did not have anything else to channel our needs.DiRT Rally gives that in a beautiful and accessible way. No, you won't have to install mods and spend wasteful hours setting up your gears. Plug in a steering wheel and start driving.Even better now is the new RallyCross pack.That is the Holy S-word-I'm-not-allowed-to-say Fun I ever had. You are inside a jet engine that accelerated like a rocket and turns in four wheel against other cute rockets. Cute rockets that wants to end your Monday like a goat with murder tendency.Your opponents, the AIs, are sick enough to butt you, slam you off your lane, ram your back, flick your tail and send you to a separator, destorying your radiator. They are violent and I like them violent. It gave me a reason to be just as violent.The tracks are simple enough. When you first started RallyCross, it was just a simple oval with the trickiest bit being the joker. Now I don't know what that is at first and I hope the Devs would take some time making an in-game Encyclopedia for every rally terms in the game, but basically, it was a speed bump everybody had to take once. As you got better, the track got longer and more complicated, and boy, you will soon learn your limits and you will get addicted to want to break those limits.Now, the new November update completed drive physics for each car. I currently drove a Quattro, not the best car, I know, but I'm comfortable with it. The ride was stable enough and I'm never going too fast to my taste. But the new update makes me realise that it was actually weird going so stable around Wales in the rain, plunging through dips without my car bouncing about and hitting the trees, because that's what happens afte the update!Is that a bad thing? Of course not. It threw me off balance, and I have to re-learn the car again, but thinking back, it's probably how it should handle. You're going over 100 on mud anyway, how could it possible you're going straight with the throttle hammered down?That's what I love about this game and the team at CodeMasters who are responsible with its development. They worked very hard to make sure every detail makes sense. It might not be a perfect sim, I don't have a reference point because I don't do real world rally. But playing this game also makes me a better driver in the real world. You know, I kinda feel it when I could slid the tail of my car, it just takes a little nudge up the handbrake, just a little bit and I'm skidding, but no, won't risk it.Because just as in DiRT Rally, you don't perform risky manuevuer to show off. You aim to deliver the car across the finish line. Sloppiness and the urge to try something stupid, like ignoring your navigator will send you crashing, and more often than not, going slower does make you go faster.This is the game to buy if you are a masochist perfectionist."
,Recommended,310560,16872752,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,JohnTheCat,The best rally game I've ever played.
,Recommended,310560,16878750,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,HeiligeDamon,This is what would happen if COlin McRae and Gran Turismo had an offspring and that child happens to be a gifted child. 10/10
76561198018416290,Recommended,310560,32804549,Posted: 26 June,all,Todor,"Pros:- Highly polished rally simulation.- Made by racing simulation veterans.- Free DLCs- Runs butter-smooth on potatoes (60fps on my laptop's ancient HD7570M)- Career mode is beautifully structured. You progress to more challenging competitions and higher difficulties by improving your skills, not by grinding like crazy- I still grind anyway, because the game is super fun- Linux support (THANKS!)- Free weekendsCons:- Humongous download size- Trees and bushes are made of steel. I kinda like it, though - it brings back sweet childhood memories of playing CMR2.0 with my sister.Thank you for the amazing experience, Codemasters! Keep it up.  Don't sell your butts to DLCs and online-only singleplayer."
76561197988638083,Recommended,310560,15587448,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,luk555,"Absolutelly amazing!As a multiple champion in Richards Burns Rally in many national and international events i think i know what makes a good rally game, I'm too excited now to write proper review but after a few stages i can hontesly say that i have never ever experiences something like this before. Feelign of driving real car on real stage is amazing. Graphics, feel, interior, sound, stage design, weather - it it's so good on such an early stage then i can't image how it will be in final version.I will do all my best to help Codies to creat best ever rally game as this has potential to become one. King is dead (RBR), long live new king (DIRT Rally)!"
,Recommended,310560,15588345,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Husa,"Finally a worthy successor to RBR. Needs some tweaking with steering feel, but DAMN. Not nearly as arcade as I expected after a few streams and vids.If you like RBR, you have to get this. You'll might even stumble into some familiar stages (Sweet Lamb) ;)"
76561198118077060,Recommended,310560,16011392,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Alf,WARNING!!The use of DiRT Rally causes addiction... Don't say i didn't warn you.
76561198016850780,Recommended,310560,17892958,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,BeautyBear,I love this game. the rallycross is so much better than the other games.
,Recommended,310560,19565053,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,pSyKelele     λ,Best Racing Game I Have Ever Played.
76561198012692223,Recommended,310560,15587367,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,davidcommons,"Dirt is back where it should have always been RALLY!Yes there hillclimbing and autocross to be added through the early acess development but the Rallying is imroved beyond recognition over previous DIRT versions,This is more  McRae style simulation, only a few hrs in so far and first impressions are very good, nice long stages (powys wales, sweet lamb in the dark and rain! in a metro 6r4...epic!).No flashbacks!! no gymkana pure oldschool rally the stages are tight and unforgiving, full damage effects pretty good at this stage.Team management is in, hire and fire crew that impact your stage repairs etc etc.the 17 cars available are a rally purists dream collection ranging from 60's mini cooper through to the 2010 fiesta RS.If Codies adresses the  bad parts (and they say they are committed to improving the game through feedback) its going to be a stand out Title well above what folks have come to expect from the ""DIRT"" series, in fact I would have considered dropping that title to head off any ""arcade""  prejudgement.As expected with Early access plenty of stuff needs work:graphics need optimisation and polishing but not too bad at that.force feedback on the G27 is squishy and a bit muted even at max settings (need to work on the profiler a bit maybe?)manual clutch seems to have not effect beyond on off (no effect on engine revs) so dipping the clutch is a matter of ON/OFF right now.the damage visuals are poor especially any windscreen cracks just look like white marker pen lol (a shame because physical damage effects seem almost right."
,Recommended,310560,28242493,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,TheLajcik,"The Best Rally Game since the times Colin McRae 2.0 and Richard Burns Rally,  I will be brief,  beautiful graphics, great model driving, sweet cars...  and what more could you want?"
,Recommended,310560,23013780,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,deathcard740,Best Rally game out for now!
,Recommended,310560,15646581,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,baffula,"It feels like we finally have a true successor to the DiRT/Colin McRae (RIP) series.  The game plays extremely well for 'early access' and looks fantastic at 1440p.  I am excited to see what the devs do from here.  I'm only 4 hours in and feel like I will easily get my money's worth.  If you liked DiRT3, tolerated the ones in between, then you are definitely a candidate for this game.Well done."
,Recommended,310560,19701854,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Jerry Smith,"When I first got this game in Early Access, it had all the markings of a fantastic game. The only reason I didn't recommend buying at that point was just that, it was Early Access and there wasn't a whole lot to do or see. Now that it's finally v1.0, I can safely say this is a must have for my fellow rally racing fans out there. Granted, I'm not a hardcore enthusiast whose past memories include the Colin McRae games or Richard Burns Rally, but I enjoyed the DiRT games despite them lying on the arcade side of the spectrum. This game is a much more realistic depiction of rally racing as opposed to the colorful, Gymkhana infested games of the series' past, and I love it. No longer can you take a corner at full speed and get away with it, or slam into the car ahead and deal with minor engine problems. Have I mentioned how gorgeous and well optimized this game is? A must have for rally racing fans, and fans of racing games alike."
76561198040783450,Recommended,310560,20676371,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,AngieAndretti,"I purchased this game a while back as an early access and reviewed it negatively so I want to ammend that now, as the game has evolved into something I find quite enjoyable.  The realistic physics is challenging but all the more rewarding as you progress and begin to master it.  I did find it absolutely necessary to set steering sensitivity at 100%, as whatever the default setting had been was unplayable for me.  The graphics is great but not overly demanding.  In fact, it would be fully playable on even my small 13"" gaming laptop if not for the only remaining negative point.  If you're running a laptop with nVidia Optimus switchable graphics (which is almost any current nVidia-powered gaming laptop,) you cannot run the game in fullscreen!  It simply refuses to comply, even if you edit the ini file.  Apparently this has been an initial issue with previous Dirt releases as well, which makes it all the more ridiculous that they let this one out with the same problem - and that it remains a problem with this title more than a year after initial public release!!  Note, AMD's switchable graphics is not afflicted with this problem but AMD only has roughly 25% marketshare among gamers.  Even so, I give the game five stars for being one of the few real shining stars in the PC driving game category.  I'm just glad I hung onto my older AMD-powered gaming laptop to play it!!"
,Recommended,310560,18326578,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Hudaman,"I have waited so long for a real rally game. Ever since I was hooked into it from Rallisport Challenge 2 on the Xbox. I haven't  played a rally game that was as great as that since. I have finally found it. This game is exactly what I wanted from the moment I started the first couple of races. My laptop can only run medium settings and the game is still gorgeous. Very well optimized. The feel of the cars are just perfect(no assists on). I haven't got too far into it so I don't know how much content there is. I don't care though, I am just happy that I finally got my long awaited rally racing gem. Thank you Codemasters. This is it. Last time I played a great rally racer was when Halo 2 was popular. So lets hope the new Halo lives up to that fact."
76561198243667322,Recommended,310560,18330929,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Turkish_,Wicked game!!!
,Recommended,310560,17208179,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Latetzki,"Dirt Rally is coming along nicely. Cars are lovely to handle (I like challenge and this almost like RBR). Graphics are good. Narrow roads on stages are big plus for me.Only thing I'm currently disappointed about is that there is not enough unique stages. Locations like Germany use same bits of roads several times through the rally. I like the work Codemasters did with the first three locations, but the Germany was a big let down stage-wise."
,Recommended,310560,18096568,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Dunstaren,9/10
,Recommended,310560,20199172,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sensei,Rally severler için biçilmiş kaftan.
76561198070167622,Recommended,310560,15594072,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Cold_Homie,No more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Gymkhana events..................Pure Rally Sim...Thank u Codemasters
,Recommended,310560,19280387,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Your Awesome Taxi Driver ®,"So frustrating, yet so addictive.10/10 would crash."
76561197999900355,Recommended,310560,15591505,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Strunk Flugget,It's what I've wanted out of the DiRT series for all these years. It's all there. I absolutely love it.
76561197965257196,Recommended,310560,19184032,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,SirRealz,Rally drivers do it sideways
76561198020612994,Recommended,310560,19208551,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,CTH | Freakant,THIS IS THE BEST RALLY GAME EVER
,Recommended,310560,17885039,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,dirty,Best racing game ever for pc.I max this game out to 60-70 fps with a gtx770.Game looks fantastic.
,Recommended,310560,18295942,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Partysofa,The Dark Souls of racing games.
,Recommended,310560,20994340,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Matu 💘,Awesome game! 10/10
,Recommended,310560,26509746,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Extem,-Samir you are breaking the car!+Shut up! Don't tell me how to drive!﻿Best rally game and there is no more  gymkhana get thisss!!! 10/10
,Recommended,310560,19555227,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Xevious,"You think you're good in the older Dirt Games? or in any racing game at all? Well now you aren't.This isn't your average Dirt title. Don't expect to win easily, this ''game'' qualifies as a Simulator in every respect.It's unforgiving, you can't rewind time because of your mistakes, don't expect to win every stage.You ARE going to lose, You ARE going to have a hard time keeping the lead. (Learn the Stages as much as possible) and finally, you MUST, MUST! Listen to your co-driver. He actually does have a purpose.This is the Dark Souls of Racing Games, Rallying in particular. (No Duh.)(Don't rely on my hours played, I've been playing on an offline build.)"
,Recommended,310560,19550049,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ImNoobCarryMe,Where the dream begins.
,Recommended,310560,19555379,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Thaxs (Axel),You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.
,Recommended,310560,16254327,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ghengis Sean,Don't know how to drive.10/10
76561198014042051,Not Recommended,310560,28950329,Posted: 2 January,all,SuperMario,"I know a game has to be challenging to keep you interested and motivated, but the AI in the Rally Cross events is insane. In the past, racing games used to have that feature, ""catch up"", which made other AI oponents race close to your pace, so you don't get bored. But this --- the AI is driving better times than the online records. It's just frustrating. And you can't change the difficulty :-("
,Recommended,310560,15623711,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Klock 18,Beware of mudwalls on the side of the roads.
,Recommended,310560,19564518,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Pizza Steve,"Even with an xbox 360 controller, this game is a ton of fun! Used to be in love with Grid but this feels so realistic and immersive that I had trouble putting down the controller after I first turned it on. 10/10 would recommend to anyone who enjoys racing sims or even casual racing games. Can't wait until I can get a racing wheel and get the true experience."
76561197972086576,Recommended,310560,17243092,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,noms,"Think you're good at rally games? I thought so. This game continues to smack me around and is a major challenge in every race. The best I've gotten is 3rd place in a set of 4 races.It's not anything like the other Dirt games (which, by the way, are super annoying and good for 12 yr olds).  This is real rally racing, and not for the faint of heart. If you crash, expect a 15 second penalty, plus damage to your car. If you run a ""perfect run,"" expect to get 5th.It's gruelingly hard, but very rewarding when you eventually do place. Buy it now before the price goes up!"
,Recommended,310560,16474492,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,crannykart™,Best rally game out there!
76561198164115107,Recommended,310560,15901257,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,RocuS,"Great game!Before purchasing the game I read reviews that said the game has poor FFB and way too much grip.I changed the original FFB-settings file to one I found from an online racing forum before even trying the original one, so I can't say if the original was poor or not. The settings I'm now using feels great though.In my opinion there is not too much grip. Although I have never driven a real rally car, I would say the grip and the driving physics in this game are something I would believe to be realistic.By far the best rally game I have had (incl. RBR).+ Physics+ Graphics+ Restart costs money (career) and can be set off in online leagues, and there are no ""flashbacks""+ Online leagues+ Online eventsSince it's an early accessI don't list all negative points (like too few cars and tracks), I'm sure they will be included in the final release. But there are some features I wish to be in the release version:- Save/edit/share replay videos- Online rallycross (with rules that prevent it to turn into a demolition derby)- Option to choose if the steering wheel is on the right or left hand side of the car.- More precise FOV settings- Some improvements needed to UI usabilityI would recommend this game to any rally fan."
76561198138006018,Recommended,310560,20714775,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,darren_bolt,"The most fun Ive had in years, I have always been a racing fan and more so rally than most, this game has broght me hours of enjoyment, i use a triple monitor setup and the best thing codemasters done with this game was choose early access, as each update came along I could feel the game grow, the force feedback is brilliant, I dont ever leave reveiws, this being my first ever on steam, but Im always reading them and taking what I will from them so why not leave my own, Ive done a good 70 odd hours gameplay, far less than I wished may I add, this game is near on perfection, and if nothing else touches it for the next 5 years I honestly think Id be more than happy with this, the difficulty is so addictive, yes its not easy, yes it makes you feel suicidal after all the concentracion and a bloody good run beating your personal best to only♥♥♥♥♥♥up the last corner, oh well hit restart and try again, I can honestly say I have never come back to a game so much trying to better what I have already done, its something you guys with setups like mine can only understand, I use t500rs with a few different sparco deep dish suede and silicone wheels, have a few thrustmaster add on rims and each rim gives you a complete different feel, Im using the fanatec handbrake and it feels great with dirt rally, I have read somewhere dirt rally 2 is in production, well if it it is they have some bloody hard work to do to beat this, I put this in my top 3 ever games its that good, 5 star I cant fault it, for some of the utter garbage that gets turned out you find a gem and this ladys and gentlemen is a shining gem!! Thankyou Codemasters, me like you longtime ; )"
,Recommended,310560,20364244,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Wacked,"This game works for all sort of players, keyboarders, controllerfreaks and the simhead using a wheel. It is balanced throughout all the levels so that everyone can compete. But do not think it'll come easy from the get-go. The game shows it can be used competively with own leagues and proves itself when it comes to realism over and over. Yeah, I can hardly figure out what to say. The only negative thing is that there is no way to get a throttle-input for keyboard, so it'd be easier to balance through corners, this can only be done with controller or wheel."
,Recommended,310560,19558599,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SpinsterJonesbat,Love this game. With a wheel it is absolutely incredible. With a gamepad it is challenging but still amazing. This has been my best greenlight purchase ever.
,Recommended,310560,16643075,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,✞ Ｐｈａｎｔｏｍ ♪,"A beautiful and immersive PC exclusive, rally only simulation. Wheel support was released a week ago but it's the best wheel support I've ever seen (better than Assetto Corsa). Multiplayer to be released sometime this summer. Hopefully they release VR support like Assetto.EDIT: VR support and Multiplayer added in!!!I actually like this game better than Assetto because you can stall out"
76561197970723045,Recommended,310560,21838082,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Ken OKeeffe,"Don't normally write reviews but having played a lot of racing games over the last 15years, i feel compelledto at least let people know how good this game is.Best Rally game i have ever played.I am the sort of person who plays every game on the hardest level, likes a tough realistic challenge andthis game provides it in abundance.It starts off resonably easy with short stages and easy CPU competition so there is something forall levels of drivers.You will soon find your level as the stages get longer and more difficult, I am at Profesional level so far but noticedthe damage is a little weak in the early levels but hope this gets more severe/realistic as the game progresses.I use a Steering wheel & pedals which i would recomend.Graphics are great on a High Spec PCPhysics are really good.The only thing thats missing for me is an Offline  2-4 player Career, which would be nice with friends.But can not recommend the game enough ;)"
,Recommended,310560,22455448,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Snormax,"Pros:+ Each car feels true to its real life counterparts.+ Awesome sound design. From the pace notes to the sound of exhaust crackle.+ Natural career progression. You rise up the ranks as you are getting better in this game.+ Realistic rally stages. No more rallying on roads as wide as circuit tracks.+ Great steering wheel support.Cons:- Could use some more stages or countries.- Some car categories are a bit lacking.- Learning curve is a bit steep, but so does real life.I recommend using force-feedback steering wheel and setting the transmission using Sequential + H-Shifter and Clutch mode for maximum madness.9/10Would interpret don't cut as a challenge again."
,Recommended,310560,22522915,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,_Juri_,"Simply amazing game! Eploys great physics model, realistic and detailed stages and plenty of different surfaces which greatly affect car hadling. Your garage starts with old granpa's cars, moves through dangerously owerpowered Group B to the modern rally beasts.The game offers extremly rewarding feeling from perfect cutting of curves and drifting in hairpins after flustrating hours spent trying to keep your Lancia Stratos from falling off the track in every second curve.Competitive online evens will keep you motivated to climb the ranks in rally community. Morever, online rally cross multiplayer a great deal of fun too!I would love to have proper steering weel setup to get additional layer of realism from this game, but certainly controller feels good enough to enjoy it!"
,Recommended,310560,16781160,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,casial,"Simply put: best Rally sim far and wide even though still in early access;Yet the devs are working quite hard on improving, enhancing, debugging, expanding (unlike those of many other ""eternal early access"" games).A good wheel with FF (and ideally with H-shifter, as the support is perfect even now and is being polished gradually) is a MUST to enjoy the game fully, if you intend to play it with keyboard, just please don't.Also, I'd like to stress how important a wheel controller for playing this game, much more than any other racing game I've played so far.And a word of advice - if you intend to play this game with keyboard or gamepad, don't you dare to post a neg review.-KTHXBYE"
76561197979224835,Recommended,310560,21255316,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,FlyingScotsman,"Classic rally simulator, best one on the pc with breath-taking graphics.Cracking handling and stages, with it taking a fair bit to master.Trickey but worth it. 10/10Colin would be proud!!!!"
,Recommended,310560,19432947,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Sawtooth Pennanti,"If you want to know if you're good at racing games, this is the one to test your skill. From what little I've played so far, it's been the most visceral and challenging racing game I've ever played. That being said, it's also one of the most rewarding. The controls are tight and your mistakes are your mistakes. The damage and team mechanics are fantastic. Rallycross is a blast. The graphics are incredible.Definitely reccomended if you're a fan of rally racing and looking for a challenge."
76561197983003563,Recommended,310560,19591744,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,IgWannA,"Best rally game since Richard Burns. Solid, predictable handling that feels authentic but isn't punishing. Each car feels and sounds different. Good selection of stages. They don't look spectacular graphically and they don't have many ""landmarks"" so to speak, but the road geometry is spot on which is all that matters in a rally sim. Haven't had a chance to play with my Momo wheel and pedals but it's pretty easy to control with a gamepad. If you like driving sideways through forests and miss the old Colin McRae games, you need this."
,Recommended,310560,21316101,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,evarno,"You get to be a rally driver, with the added bonus of not dying when you crash!9/10"
,Recommended,310560,20476945,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,norniron,Best rally game I've ever played....this game is so hard
76561197970375125,Recommended,310560,15748133,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Mark Reynolds,"This is about the most fun I have ever had in any Rally Game ever, including the much touted Richard Burns Rally which while very good was maybe slightly overrated for lack of a suitable competitor to push the genre along.Sure this game has some warts, it has some small problems, but without going into negativity, and focussing more on posivitiy instead, this is single handedly one of the most awesome experiences with a H-Shifter, Manual Clutch, No aids, in the Mk2 Escort on Gravel, to begin with the game felt slightly too grippy, but as the pace increased it soon became apparant I just wasn't driving the car hard enough, things improve even more once you get your teeth into the game and start adjusting the car setup more thoroughly with the advanced setup options, I have had the same experience with the Metro 6R4 as well.While I have not even tried every car in the game yet I urge people to spend some time with it even if you hit a stumbling block to start with, for me the first championship in the  1960's Mini was a painful experience, I could not wait to put that car behind me, and waited with a held breath to see how the Mk2 Escort would perform in the next season, and boy, what a difference, just sublime, that experience for me does not carry quite so brilliantly on the Tarmac and Ice/Snow stages yet, but I am sure it just requires me to hanker down and find a good setup to roll with rather than there being any nasty underlying problems.Very very impressed for an early access title, and far and above anything Codemasters has released in this series previously, I have been a customer of Codemasters titles since the 80's and played every single release pretty much, so I hope I can add some weight to the improved direction Codemasters are heading here ? Dirt 2/3 showed promise but cluttered the genre with needless stuff most people could not be bothered to go through, just to get to the Rallying content.Look forward to watching this title mature.I say all the above with deep surprise, I work in the games industry myself, and specifically I am actually working on a rallying title myself at this moment, specifically I do the vehicle handling/physics/dynamics , to see this title appear out of the blue makes me cringe slightly, it is good, very good, and it reminds me we should never give up pushing for the ultimate goal, at the end of the day we are all games players, games like this only serve to make me double down and try even harder to make content better, well done Codemasters, credit where credit is due, I hope the fan base reward you with the support you deserve for this effort.Like said above, there is problems, but I wanted to give some credit where credit is due rather than focus on any negativity, it is early access after all, is this game worth buying ? Absolutely, is this game finally something to replace the archaic Richard Burns Rally - I think it is already in many respects, once the problems and content have been fleshed out I think for certain we can finally put that old title back on the shelves where it belongs, it is great to see a resurgence in this genre, as it will hopefully push it onwards and upwards, a good thing for all fans of the Rallying genre."
76561197975562974,Recommended,310560,22303920,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Accio,"This game changed my life.I became a huge fan of rally.Now when I travel in my car, and I see a car that was in the rally sooner or later, I think of that sport.This game was for me a growth: i started with the keyboard cuz i had the wrist broke, passed to my very very old wheel, bought a new one (and thinking of buy another one more PRO) ... I am continuing to slowly remove any help to guide and ""unrealistic"" stuff like the arrows for the pacenote ecc eccIt's damn hard, but you will love sooner or later.This game is a continual evolution of yourself.... and you will be proud of yourself."
76561197973174631,Recommended,310560,22361358,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,_stickykitty_,its the most addictive thing I've ever been involved with.  id imagine heroin is kinda close
,Recommended,310560,22327265,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,outcoming,"So after playing this game for a few hours I have now developed a hatred towards snow. I literally hate snow. Ice is okay, aswell with medium and light gravel, but I absolutely HATE snow.10/10 would never drive in the snow againAlso, don't cut."
,Recommended,310560,24344001,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,AyeYerMa,"All I can say is wow, this game is great, I bought DiRT Rally around the time it was released and I got immediately♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, I am the kinda driver that goes for 1st every time, but thats the secret to DiRT Rally, you DON'T go for 1st.You need to take your time with it, don't just floor it through the map because you WILL wreck your car, pay attention to your co-driver and listen close because there is NO minimap, when it comes to hairpin turns, use your handbrake to flick around the turn, but always approach at a moderate speed. I'm also super baked as I type this review and I have now realised I have gone off track, but still too lazy to delete all thoooose letters... well this was my review, its a good game, if you like a challenging racing game, get this!"
76561198284570619,Recommended,310560,22312038,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,densodensodenso,"Its a hard game.... Graphics, sound very good. Great replay, fun to watch. I dont like the upgrade part. Not enough freedom. Controls and physics are nice. Getting some used to. Throttle control is the key for this game."
76561198218126607,Recommended,310560,22316984,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,parabellumUK,its amazing the learning curve will have you screeming at yourself. its a pure refreshing take on rally game just like the good old days of colin and richard burns dare i say? codemasters dont do another♥♥♥♥♥♥game with that yank doing jumps and spins so childish keep up this good work and take my money. . . . . . . .
76561198053791612,Recommended,310560,24375133,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,FuzzySalamander,Really fun if you want a difficult racing game
76561197972348441,Recommended,310560,22341283,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,danevo,Best rally game to date.
,Recommended,310560,30505347,Posted: 14 March,all,Doc Holliday,"Dirt Rally is by far my favorite racing game. I played it for a month using a gamepad, which was difficult but still enjoyable. Then I got a g27 race wheel and was blown away by how much better the game was. I love this game. I tried all the other PC racing games but keep coming back to dirt rally because when you play it, it feels like you're really driving. The handling is spot on. There's a great selection of tracks that test your driving skills in every way imaginable. The cars are amazingly well done and handle realistically. There's a lot of freedom in car setup as well. All this and the game is very well optimized too. The only thing I could really say I don't like about this game is that you're not allowed to use any car on any track(which is only due to licensing issues and you can mod the game to allow it anyway). The game has three types of races, rally, rallycross, and hillclimb with each having there own selection of cars to use. I've probably got a couple hundred offline hours doing runs on pikes peak alone(those 156 turns are now burned into my brain). I can't reccomend this game enough, especially if you have a racewheel."
76561197997109745,Recommended,310560,19610214,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,T-Mu,"This is not your usual ""rally"" game, where roads are wides as highways.This is what rally really is."
,Recommended,310560,19730803,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Thompson,"Codemasters is back on track.Beautiful graphics, physics, cars, locations, music."
76561197961161199,Recommended,310560,19564588,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Rick Dangerous,"I installed my G25 wheel, bought the game, and got ready. No idea atthe time that 4 hours later i would have consumed 2 liters of water...This game demands your full attention, and if you for some reasonfeel the game doesn't deserve that. It rewards you with front rowtickets to the close up of spruce and birch.Best racing simulator made in many years - Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,310560,16902872,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Proloid,Flipped my car.I love this game
,Recommended,310560,18562782,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,raf!,"DiRT Rally is a complete, down-to-earth rally game that doesn't waste your time with cutscenes and stories that often feel out-of-place in racing games. Gorgeous and challenging tracks, classic cars - old and new! - such as the 205 T16, the MINI, the Stratos and the Polo WRC.This is not a game for those who are getting into the genre. DiRT is a pick-up-and-play game with a realistic approach to the genre made to be played with few driving assists and few HUD displays. While it does accept a keyboard as driving input, it is almost mandatory to play it with a steering wheel (or a gamepad, if you're used to them).Graphics and sound are amazing and really add to the atmosphere - you can really tell the difference between an arid, dusty trail and a wet countryside road. Last but not least, the developers are known for their racing games and DiRT has been receiving lots of love and attention. Tons of new tracks and challenges have been added and they're still at it. Definitely worth your money IF you're into serious racing games.Oh, if you want a different approach with more gimmicks and different play styles, stick to its predecessors (like DiRT 3). Great game too."
,Recommended,310560,17400368,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,J_just1c3 csgo-skins.com,"It's... Rally.It smells like Dirt, it FEELS like dirt, the taste in my mouth??? The taste of Dirt of course.It's Dirt all over the place guys, it'a like DIRT 1 evolved , the game I was waiting for so long.BUY IT now if you like real simulators, you won't regret it.Don´t buy it if you really liked Dirt3 or Dirt Showdown, i'm sorry but this ain't the game you are looking for.If you don't have a wheel yet this game iis a great excuse to go hunting for  that refurbished or used G25 really cheap.EDIT: The game keeps getting better and better every update they make, it was very good, now it's getting to the point of  ""BEST RALLY GAME EVER"". BUY IT NOW"
,Recommended,310560,22846464,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,I Am Not Amused,"If you played the CMR games in the past, then you'll like this game. For all intents and purposes, this is a new CMR game, not a new Dirt game. Which is good IMO; I didn't like Dirt at all.Gone is the unbelievably obnoxious ""yeah dude, awesome cool rad yo ya the man my man hyper dude yeah"" voice actor that made me wanna shoot baby kittens after 2 minutes and actually made me uninstall Dirt 3 after a couple of hours. Gone is the boring Ken Block stuff. Gone are the boring and short stages; the stages in this game take anywhere from 3 to 8 minutes to complete.In the visuals department, the game looks gorgeous. And it runs well on most systems as the graphics settings scale quite well. Also, there's MSAA support and there's no 60FPS lock (I'm using 75Hz and the game runs at 75FPS.)However, there's also some drawbacks with the game. There's no multiplayer. If you, like me, were loving CMR 04/2005 for its multiplayer, you don't have that in Dirt Rally. Which is a HUGE omission by the dev team. The multiplayer was the most fun part of CMR and for some people this might be a deal breaker. We had perfectly working rally multiplayer back in 2003 with CMR 04, and now we can't get that in 2016? That's such a big step backwards.  However, if you like single-player rally racing, then all is fine.(Note: supposedly there's Rallycross multiplayer, but I don't play Rallycross.)Another issue is the lack of stages. There's really only one stage per country, split into several parts that overlap each other, so most the time you're racing the same stage over and over again. And the stages aren't that memorable or have a unique feel to them. They feel generic. If you expect stages with more ""character"" like you had in CMR04 and 2005, you won't find it here. There's no equivalent to, for example, CMR 2005's UK 01 or USA 08 or any of the other classic stages. You get generic ones that feel like ""ok here's a road and some corners.""Furthermore, the game completely lacks wide stages. It only has narrow ones. They are either ""narrow"" or ""extremely narrow."" One of the drawbacks with the older CMR games was that it had only wide stages. Instead of having a good, balanced mix of wide and narrow ones, Codemasters has only put very narrow ones in Dirt Rally. Pike's Peak is the only exception. This further makes the stages feel generic and equivalent to each other. Missed opportunity here for some variety in your racing style. If the game also had wider stages, the driving style would vary between high-speed racing and slower, careful racing, making the game more interesting in the long run.Also, the keyboard controls are not as good as in CMR. In particular, there's no hard-steer key. So if you, like me, don't like racing wheels or don't have the space for them, the game is going to be more difficult than any of the CMR games.So overall, this is a 7/10 game for me. If it had multiplayer, less generic stages and better keyboard handling, it would have been 10/10."
76561198102996067,Recommended,310560,27635976,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheGrandWizard,Best brap brap simulator 10/10.
76561197973935543,Recommended,310560,27497701,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tamarocker88,"As one of my friends likes to say, ""This is a man's game"".  This game is for the racing enthusiast who loves the task of learning how to handle a car given the landscape.  Multi-tasking is a must and a first place win feels like a serious achievement because it takes serious skill to pull off.A steering wheel setup will offer better control and precision than a controller, but the game does allow controllers to be a completely viable option.Yet another fantastic game in the Dirt franchise."
,Recommended,310560,25951467,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Krycek,"10/10. Arcade ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and idiotic toys on the car desk are gone, now we can play seriously. Waiting for sales was hard and long for me, but it was totally worth it. Thx Codemasters, after Grid 2 and DiRT 3 I thought you actally going down, now I can sleep with thoughts that you still CAN do something right if you actually want it. Repeat, 10/10."
,Recommended,310560,26886376,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,UpstateNate,"Tarmac, Dirt, Mud, Sand, Water, Snow, and Ice. On all of these surfaces you will crash. You will flip your car. You will end up with broken wheels. At the end of the stage though (if you get there) the feeling of satisfaction is unmached in many other games and with each finish you'll want to push harder and harder going faster and faster, then you'll hit a tree. This is DiRT Rally, the single best modern rally game."
,Recommended,310560,27642504,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sasquatch,"Way different handling compared to the other Dirts and Colin Mcrae games. But I'm loving the more sim feel.Goodbye to the short stages of the earlier dirts, and hello to the longer ones! So much better. Graphics are great too."
,Recommended,310560,27115615,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DarthSid,Not only the best rally sim but one of the best racing games ever made!
,Recommended,310560,31623028,Posted: 8 May,all,NessQuik,"My favourite rally game by far, it's rather realistic and very challenging but when you finaly finish a stage without crashing into a tree or rolling down a cliff it's extremely satisfying9/10 for sure"
,Recommended,310560,15694017,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,总有刁民想害朕,+PURE HARDCORE RALLY+NO MORE GYMKHANA BS+AMAZING ENVIRONMENT & GRAPHICS+NO MORE ANNOYING BLABLABLA AFTER EVERY MATCH+DID I MENTION NO MORE GYMKHANA?Codemasters you guys are finally back on track. Rally fanboys BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!
,Recommended,310560,17768843,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,riffwarz,Welcome back Codies'.I missed you.First run is all it took.xo.
,Recommended,310560,17754812,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Higher Primate,"Dirt Rally is shaping up to be a racing game for the history books. This is some fun racing! Codemasters keep up the good work!!!I am playing with a wheel, pedals, and H-Pattern/Seq shifter and the enjoyment this game brings blows me away! I played with a controller before hooking up my racing cockpit and it is fun with that as well. If you are looking for a racing game do NOT miss this one. Must buy for any fan of this genre.10/10"
,Recommended,310560,17560106,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Hans Wermhat,"Finally, a successor to Richard Burns Rally.Amazing developer support. They listen to the Dirt Rally community and answer with over-the-top patches and updates that provide new, and unbelievably flawless, content to an already polished game.Best racing game I've ever played."
,Recommended,310560,17619587,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Znkl 🐼,Simply one of the best rally games I've ever played.- and it's not even finished yet! Definitely worth a buy! Regular updates and lots of future adds.
,Recommended,310560,17205451,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,TRΞMΛN,Totally
,Recommended,310560,21595676,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,ChaozBandit,"One of the best rally games on PC to date, with a broad range of cars for you to enjoy. From pre-Gr.B stuff all the way ro R4 machinery, theres enough content to keep you entertained for years. The stages are also superbly modelled!"
,Recommended,310560,21850152,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Bunta Fujiwara | CapN_Cook,"From all the DiRT games this will prob be my favorite next to DiRT 2,But the big difference between these 2 is:This one is more realistic and you need to be more consistantDiRT 2 is more different events and has more different cars.But with this one you need to drive the wheels of your car to be able to compete!So better bring your A-game when you hop behind the wheel of that Lancia or Mini (FWD)"
76561198093229465,Recommended,310560,19573075,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,dragosbold,"So good!!! Better than Richard Burns Rally!?..Who cares!?..It's a wrong question, and I know this, because i love Richard Burns Rally, and i love , too, this wonderful game, Dirt Rally.they are in the same league- the league of the games that respect us.that cares about us and that wants to teach us to be better and better..Respect, Dirt Rally!"
76561198049162569,Recommended,310560,22457566,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mark8081,Nowadays the best rally game.You will have much more fun if you have FFB racing wheel.
,Recommended,310560,31758336,Posted: 14 May,all,Mehhhhhhhhhheeee,"Would I recommend this to players who are used to sim's? Yes highly recommended.For the more casual gamer,I would probably say no.Dirt rally is hard,and it's unforgiving unlike dirt 3 and will punish you.You make mistakes you pay for it,you go in too fast in a corner jump off the shoulder you dont get a flashback like dirt 3.Its hard,its real,exactly what a sim should be like.Recommended for the die hard sim fan.And for the more casual gamers out there,think before buying!"
,Recommended,310560,15810853,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,bazzakay,This is not a game... This is rally.  Get serious or get left in the dust. If you're old and kool enough to remember Colin Mcrae  rally games then this is the game for you.  Brutal and unforgiving -this will challenge your virtual driving ability and then kick you in the balls afterwards.
,Recommended,310560,16820750,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Xain,No multiplayer? wtf?
,Recommended,310560,33183448,Posted: 3 July,all,flo420,Ran over a spectator and got a 15 second penalty 10/10 would kill again
76561198081398198,Recommended,310560,33190211,Posted: 3 July,all,BangersOnTheBone,"Left 4, Right 6, 80, over crest, left 4 tightens..."
,Recommended,310560,25961302,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Daos Legaspi,"I HATE ICETHANK YOUPS. Follow LR555 Logitech G25/27 setup, pure awesomeness, love the fact that he is a real rally racer, don't know him or anything just caught my attention and after testing it all I can say is that is some realistic♥♥♥♥♥♥I configured all my difficulties and assists to PRO (maybe it is not the same name or option on all fields but you get the idea) and even if in 10.6 hours I have only had a 1st place in a single race (don't even dream about full event) it felt so damn rewarding.Dirt Rally is a completely different game compared to other Dirt games, it is a whole new experience and I recommend it to anyone who has wheels and pedals, this game is a must."
,Recommended,310560,17370152,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Slaaz,RALLYCROSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.10/10
76561198092085092,Recommended,310560,17258159,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Worlboss,"Shaping up to be a great rally sim. Gorgeous graphics, immersive sound. Realistic car handling aswell."
,Not Recommended,310560,19133995,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Meusli,"I have stopped playing this game lately waiting for a Vive patch, but it seems Playstation users are more important. Negative review will stay until said patch is done and a hold on all Codemasters games until so."
76561198079957912,Recommended,310560,32980601,Posted: 29 June,all,goddarkbram,"this is a verry good game, but the only thing is by some time it become boring"
76561198019012053,Recommended,310560,15945838,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Stickleback,Good to see rally games are back. Worth the money. very good game!
,Recommended,310560,33450555,Posted: 11 July,all,electronivist,"RATED 8.7/10 by me :)Pros- Great Graphics- Filled with variative racing content (you get 3 modes : hillclimb racing, fully licensed rallycross, and ordinary rally)- Realistic simulator feeling- Playable in low spec (the game itself out in 2015 but they still support freakin intel HD4000 and GT 430)- Variative car content (ranging from 1960s rally cars till modern day rally cars, not to mention it has some legendary rally cars like Lancias and Audi Quattros in the lineup which is freakin awesome)- Online Racing available (although i haven't tried it out but seems good)- Not that hard to earn money and earn cars (in the beginning, don't know much but it seems so)- Have some perks to make it more like a game feeling rather than a heavy simulator- It is possible to edit your own livery, like mods in GTA. Surely you need some tools and some editing and design skill, but it's nice to know that you can do it.- Vast amount of different terrains and weathers is great.Cons :- Not the cheapest rally game and the truth is for us in indonesia it's quite expensive but a racing game enthusiast won't bother buying this or pirating this (although this is possible,i just don't reccomend doing so, support the developers)- This is closer to a real world simulator when it comes to driving modes. I consider myself as a good rally gamers back in Colin McRae Rally in PS 1 but this one is on another level. Excluding all those 15 secs penalty and the possibility to recover your car, THIS IS REAL RALLY SIMULATOR.- Because it's a real rally simulator then it is somewhat unforgiving for noob players (like me). Finishing open championship twice only gets me 4th final position with stage finish mostly ranging from 6th position to 3rd. I managed to finish 2nd in some stage but only finish 1st in ONE STAGE SO FAR. To give perspective, I'm using automatic trans (because in this game i really suck at manual) full abs, both 1 traction and stability control, and consider myself as an average casual gamers who don't play rally games alot.- The tutorials just not really helpful, it teaches you about how to do rally properly in theory but there's no practice in the tutorial sessions. Even FIFA has practice free kick tutorial, not just theoretical ones. So if you want to practice, you must create custom events yourself and try hard.From all those pros and cons, i can say the cons are more of personal skills and practice makes perfect, but the pros are all about the game. So to conclude, if you can tackle the somewhat heavy simulator gameplay, it would be a perfect game.PS : bought this on steam sale, i reccomend buy this on sale too or get this one for free if they grant it, but DON'T GET A  PIRATE COPY OF THIS, the graphics and gameplay are so awesome so i really wish you do the developer some favor by getting the original one."
,Recommended,310560,33358030,Posted: 7 July,all,prop_and_veeg,excellent in every wayruns well on HD 7850 at 1920x1080
,Recommended,310560,15589743,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SEKO farmskins.com,this could be rally game what we been waiting after Richard Burns Rally
76561198294967647,Recommended,310560,24428771,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,UDontHaveMyName,In my opinion on the Rift this is THE game to race in VR. It's obvious that the developers put a lot of hard work into this game despite the shortcomings.
,Recommended,310560,15621919,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Wickedfizzy,"This is a game of love for your car, it loves everything about the rocks, it loves the trees and the ditches, the cliffs and the signs, the posts and the shrubs but most of all it loves scaring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. (I love crashing the most XD). Sometimes it just wants to roll over and give the road a kiss, about 5 inches from your face Its just like car torturing simulator 2015 (make that next?) and I love every minute of it.The accelerator also isnt a pedal its an adrenalin injector stuck in your arm that coincidently sets off a moderate engine backfire as your♥♥♥♥♥clenched after going 80km/h around that hairpin just next to that ♥♥♥♥ing large drop.People have asked 'Is this game too hard for me to play?' Maybe. I can play it with a controller that has a broken thumbstick and still finish a race; does that help? (Hereis me playing the original DiRTHereis DiRT rally) If its too hard turn on the assists thats what they are there for :) I myself play automatic transmission because i just cant gear with a controller.If I can give one piece of advice its to start off slowly at first and just try not to hit anything then try and drive smarter (racing line, drifing, accelerator control. Yes accelerator, line and braking is probably just as important to control as the wheel in cornering fast) to increase your times the custom race mode is good for practice as you can do any track with virtually any car and it doesnt cost you anything.Gotta say ive played every dirt game so far and this is the one with the most challenging (and immersive) handling and sound. I think it got something back that was missing in dirt 2 and 3. The feeling of nailing a hairpin and sliding around it (you can see death) is the same as those old japan tracks in the first DiRT. I also dont own a wheel and just left everything default, abs pffft, traction control... haha that what the accelerator is for, stability control? yeah i suppose i need that but honestly i like crashing so its off."
76561198224065076,Recommended,310560,19177342,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,hakaboksi,Rally is the finest form of racing out there. And Dirt Rally is the best example of fun and serious attempt to simulate it. I don't normally buy early access games but I'm always ready to support good PC games coming from Codemasters (having enjoyed those Colin McRae games in the past).I love the feel of the driving with my T300 wheel. Dirt Rally is fast and quite unforgiving (especially those Rally Cross AI drivers can be real a-holes). It also looks and sounds great (weather variation etc.)I'm building my racing rig for the upcoming HTC Vive or Oculus Rift VR HMDs and I believe the game supports Oculus development kit already at this point. I'm sure they'll have the VR fully supported when the time comes.Highly recommended!
,Recommended,310560,16741438,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,๖Finsku,"Like Eurogamer said DiRT Rally is “the best thing that's happened to rally games for years”.. almost.It's almost like simulator. You can feel speed and you are sweaty after long hardcore driving. One small mistake and you are out.Leagues and daily competitions gives more contents to game; every day, week and month different cups and competitions online.Why this almost great?- Bushes which are like trees- TeleportingThat last thing is huge minus! Here's why:If you drive out you can easily (in some cases) come back to track but no no, ""I'll teleport you straight back to track and also give you 15sec penalty"". If you drive with fast speed out and it looks like your game is over, teleport usually saves you. For me it's too much.If player wants teleport back to track he/she just could press button (this game has this feature already) but please, remove that stupid auto-teleport. Great rally games doesn't need that!"
76561197995218885,Recommended,310560,19574395,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,adam_s4ph,id say the best codemaster rally to date
76561198097833357,Recommended,310560,19553471,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Farmerawsome,"What an amazingly realistic game!The game has everything you could ever want, I will only recommend buying the game if you have a steering wheel, this is only because there are so many controls that you can't play on the xbox controler, and on the keyboard you don't have the sensitivity you get on a steering wheel.Overall the game in my opinion is awesome and I would recommend it to anyone who loves rally cross!10/10"
,Recommended,310560,18532740,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Maurilio_BR,"If you told me 24 hours prior to buying this game that it would be the first modern racing game I'd sink these much hours into, I wouldn't believe you.It's an early access but the devs seem pretty active, new content that actually works is being pumped into the game and they seem to listen to feedback, the price will only rise as they add content, so if you're planning on buying the game, the earlier the better, and it actually went 25% off on summer afaik despite being so new.The learning curve isn't that bad if you're half decent at other sims, but if you're newer to racing games it'll prolly be harder, I can't tell, there are youtube videos and steam guides to help you.It also runs well, my old ATI 6870 was able to push 45-60fps at 1080p pretty well on mid-high, and the 970 GTX has no issues doing 60+ on all Ultra @ 8x MSAA, also ran a Geforce 720 for luls, and it did some 40-60fps on ultra low @ 1024x768, looked crap, but it ran fine.E: Some formatting."
76561198071568381,Recommended,310560,32911118,Posted: 27 June,all,Raptor Adaptor,One of the best modern racing games out there!
76561198210808355,Recommended,310560,18654996,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SpazAttack,"Very fast rally game! Fun to drive all of the cars for ""free"" and test them out. Glad to see games moving away from ""you have to unlock this to drive this.""  Its a good plan in Dirt Rally where you can drive all the cars, but if you don't ""own"" them you don't make any money.GFX are awesome! Wish I had a super powerful GFX card to experience more of the shiny cars, but I'm on a budget here!Controls have me on the fence a little bit. I cannot seem to get the G25 steering wheel to work as good as I want to. Sometimes it feels like over-powered steering with no feel to it and other times it feels slightly heavy with perfect feel. But it always feels like a dead-zone when travelling straight.  Wish I could get some center tension just like a real car.I really like the sounds and engines are like music to me, so its great!I still feel like the cars are ""hovering"" at times, and I'm not so sure about the 150 foot long jumps! But it sure is fun!Damage is ok, but you can bash into things and still keep driving.  And I have succesfully ripped off all four tires!  (It stops driving then).Overall great , fun game and the codies work hard for us, so you need to appreciate that."
,Recommended,310560,25796534,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,GouZ,Very nice game! Takes game racing to another level. IT'S REALLY OUTSTANDING AND I HIGHLY RECCOMMEND IR!
,Recommended,310560,19552747,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,sxh1991,"Nice to see DiRT go back to real Rally field. Soild game mechanism, nice graphic, beatiful maps. If you love Rally, you should try this one. Also, EA and Ghost games, this is how to do a early access game."
76561197963208087,Recommended,310560,19556854,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,FRIES,"I have been playing rally games for years, but no game has ever captured the true essence of rallying like this one has..Driving at breakneck speed through woods, mountain passes and dusty backroads while being inches from hitting an obstacle that will send you to jupiter if you hit it, makes for a very very intense game, as you really really try your very best at not hitting anything at all...Truly one of the very best driving games I have ever played in my life, if not the best...10/10"
76561198011912573,Recommended,310560,19557177,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Talsha Biceps (Tal),"This game is absolutely great.You get 5 different locations to race on, many different cars from the 60s to 2010, and many different stages within those locations.The sounds are very well made, very accurate, and sound great.The physics are absolutely fantastic, rivaling Richard Burn's Rally, and beating it in some regards.100% would recommend, this is an absolutely fantastic game, worth every cent.Content: 8/10Sounds: 10/10Physics: 8.5/10Graphics: 7/10"
,Recommended,310560,22259506,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lightnin GTRIBE MazterBlazterX,I joined for early access and I dont ever do that for a game but I knew this was gonna be a winner!!! Awesome game! 10/10
76561197960357537,Recommended,310560,19571993,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DeliriumTr,"This sim is meant to be played with a decent wheel/pedals from cockpit view.I cannot recomend it enough if you are a racing fan.Nothing comes close to this. Truly impressed so far.Edit CV1 Update:CV1+Dirt Rally = wow.. no really, WOW!Fantastic patch! Well worth the wait and more, much more!Dirt+Project Cars, what a duo. Non VR racing games are dead for me after this, period."
76561197998313497,Recommended,310560,18736071,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Blackdog,"quite possibly the most complete rally game ever made, a bold statement but the amount of care and attention that has gone into this title deserves those accolades"
,Recommended,310560,19163612,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,SNIG,"Simply the best rally sim along with RBR and CMR, imo.P.S.: Dont cut, just dont! ^_^"
,Recommended,310560,19190630,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Trotskiii3,This is Perfection. Rally game at its very best. it feels great with a wheel. you feel every bump every corner its like the real thing.if you havnt got it. what you waiting around for.idirt rally is perfect and i promise that you will not regret it.  this is the best rally game ive seen for a long time. brilliant work.  i love it. BRILLANT this is how its done. forget everythinbg else you have ever played. this is a rally game on steriods. great looks great feeling great great great what can i say.  was onto this game early. and its grown into the greatest rally game ever because they listened to what the community wanted. DOWN TO THE SMALLEST DETAILS. even the force feedback was redone and worked at to get it right.  this is brilliant work. truly brilliant.THIS ISNT A VANILLA GAME. ITS HARDCORE. :)
,Recommended,310560,19550281,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Pure_Decimation,Probably the greatest rally title I have ever played. The physics are fantastic. The game has a huge diversity of cars and tracks that really bring out the true rally experience. This is definitely a must buy for any rally or motorsport enthusiast!
,Recommended,310560,19555734,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,StinkySQL,"The pinnacle of simulation racing games. Truely a joy and an education. Also - a life saver it seems as I had a garbage truck pull in front of me (real life) on the highway off ramp while doing 70mph on the way to work. I found myself stabing brakes, sliding on purpose, skidding, counter-steering and hitting the gas to balance the car back on the straight and narrow - when anyone else would likely have been crushed underneath. Good game. Recommended."
,Recommended,310560,19574316,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,terra_nova,Awesome return to the roots of the DiRT series. Technically excellent and hard as nails.
76561198022773394,Recommended,310560,22182655,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,red fox and green raccoon[JP],The best rally game ever.I strongly recommend to buy even if it is twice price as it is.
76561198063274577,Recommended,310560,19246169,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,a7xshadows_gates,Best rally racing game I have ever played. I love the free updates that are coming. Really makes me feel like the creator's have a passion for making great games.
76561197974137747,Recommended,310560,25774270,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,PizzaChet,"I was very jaded going into the initial release, but update after update until 1.0 brought Codemasters into the realism league. Bravo! I wish I could ""unlearn"" the stages. lol"
76561198028947590,Recommended,310560,19687496,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,JokerPokerUberSmoker,"Good rally sim, be prepared to be amazed if you do get this game but do not buy if you expect anything other than a rally/racing simulation. Much better than the previous dirt game without the annoying stuff. More realism and overall better made game! Lots adjustability ingame for personal preferences of cars and game in general, good of variations of tracks and weather conditions."
76561198041570382,Recommended,310560,16613688,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,MrFail,"Everything I have wanted from the Dirt series, nothing but rally! Dirt Rally is not for someone who is looking for an arcade racing game, its goal is to simulate rally and it does this very well... You will crash, roll and restart races over and over again until you get the perfect line, or in my case restart until I don't roll over a cliff. Don't get this game if you are easily frustrated, it takes practice and patience to learn the art of not flipping and crashing!Dirt Rally is a simulator, and like all simulators it appeals to a rather niche market of gamers who are interested enough in cars and rally to get past and learning curve, so if you are one of these people I would highly recommend you pick up Dirt Rally."
,Recommended,310560,21745116,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Woomy OWO,"This game has taught me that I do not know how to drive at all and I should never drive on dirt roads, cuz i will die"
76561198089931685,Recommended,310560,21763206,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Pakistani Pete,"Dont cut.No seriously, dont cut."
,Recommended,310560,21903527,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,GoZZez* iZ,Best rally game.10/10
,Recommended,310560,16664480,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CANAH #RIP Pinnania,"No doubt the best Rally game of the current gen, and well on its way to being the best ever."
,Recommended,310560,16704209,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Blackfang,"Early Access?? are they sure? This game is far too AWESOME to be in early access. This IS the Rally game I've been searching for, for years since the Colin McRae runs. Codemasters yet again shows us the meaning of Rally, beautiful tracks, locations, cars, gameplay and awfully well optimised for early access, but the sounds are just simply amazing really adds to the experience. This can only get better frankly and I can see I'll be spending a lot of time in this game, plenty of practice required. (Controller player)"
76561198047866376,Recommended,310560,21309317,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,briman44,"Buy now you have read the reviews, content and what not. I'll just tell you this. With my setup, a G27 wheel and a nice computer, this is in my 40 plus years of playing riacing games, THIS IS THE BEST RACER I HAVE EVER PLAYED.Easy to pick up hard as heck to master. This game is no walk in the park, but it's so good at it that I found myself both challenged and I didn't mind not winning, the racing was so dam fun. I didn't win my first race till well over 40 hours into the game. It's not perfect, little things like getting high centered and not being able to reset, sometimes, or the ""error 41"" that likes to show it's ugly face now an then. All in all 9 .5 out of 10. HOMERUN."
,Recommended,310560,17012997,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Minister of Naval Warfare Nitori,"This is the Rally title you've been waiting for if you were a diehard fan of the Colin McRae titles of the early to mid '00s. Aside from a few complaints which I would really like to see addressed before early access is over, it's looking great.The driving physics are really good. No wacky pivoting slot cars here. Even though this is still early access, it feels like the physics model is well polished and top notch already. Stages are longer and also excellent- there are deceptive turns and blind twists that will get you crossed up if you're not paying attention to your codriver.The competition is brutally difficult, and that's a good thing. You actually feel a sense of accomplishment as you claw your way to a podium finish. Also, aside from the unicorn ""that guy"" who always seems to finish 1st, there's actually some variation to the AI drivers and how they finish in the race. You won't look at a series result and see the second place driver going 2-2-2-2, third place driver going 3-3-3-3, fourth going 4-4-4-4, and so on. It's believable. It's immersing. It also means that you can do very well in championships by being consistent and reliable.My biggest complaint would have to be the damage model being thoroughly unremarkable and extremely forgiving. What happened to what we had back in Colin McRae 04 and 05? Windows cracking and shattering on brutal landings, exhaust and bumpers dragging before falling off, sagging suspensions, groaning and screeching brakes, stalling motors... that really made the damage (and danger) feel visceral. Rough gravel rallies like Greece were punishing affairs. Also, in one of the earlier CMR titles you could look at the damage in the repair area, which was a nice touch!The new damage model feels like a drastic step backward, it's just mesh deformation that lets you get away with too much. For instance, on one of the tarmac rallies I came in way too hot on a turn, locked the wheels, understeered, and ate a concrete block hard. The radiator damage indicator lit up, but no smoke, no annihilated (missing) front bumper, no suspension or steering issues. I finished the stage without further issue- radiator damage level: 80%. What should have ended my rally or at least severely crippled the car didn't take more than 20% of the durability off of the most damaged system.With that said, though, it's still an outstanding rally title and worth getting in on early access."
76561198030042452,Recommended,310560,23549842,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,heartc,"It took me 35 hours to download this, cause I'm on a low speed connection.35/10 Would d/l again."
76561197997422799,Recommended,310560,15628343,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Coubs,"I never post anything in these review boxes normally but on this occasion I think it's worth the time. This game is good, genuinely good. Plugged into a Fanatec GT3RS this game has given my arms more of a workout than a few hours at a gym and I've only managed a single championship so far (finishing a repremandable 6th).If you have a wheel setup, this DiRT is a lot of fun without more than a couple of tweaks to the standard wheel settings and, through a decent set of headphones, the sound is amazing.Cannot wait for the updates!"
76561198060320049,Recommended,310560,26127624,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,BJJ_HUNTER187,"Having played for a solid 165 hours I can honestly say this is hands down the best rally game to date. A fantastic physics model and beautiful graphics makes this a game I can't keep away from. Daily, weekly and monthly community challenges keep the game interesting and adds endless replay value. Negatives include: hard with a controller (wheel recommended), no sign of future dlc, no ghosts to chase.A must buy for any Rally fan, highly recommend!"
76561198093596955,Recommended,310560,20370282,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,xscorpiox,"Bravo Codemasters! honestly I waited for such rally game for years and finally it is here. Beautiful graphics, excellent sounds, cool music and fantastic racing with hard level of difficulty which push you to drive all the time to the limit, with maximum focus. Many thanks to put classic rally with hill climb and rally cross together.  I recommend to everybody who love racing especially rally, who loves fun with rally cross and for perfectionists there is hill climb. Everyone will find the challenge but only few drivers will rule them all :-)"
,Recommended,310560,15926595,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,luis.s,"[1.0 Release, 08 December 2015:] Now that Early Access is over I can wholeheartedly recommend this game. Nearly all of the issues I had with DiRT Rally have been ironed out throughout the year, with my final biggest gripes being sorted in version 1.0.This is a wonderful representation of Rally with a great selection of cars from the history of the sport. I'd love more locations, but the stages that have been included are very high quality and provide an excellent ""greatest hits"" of what rallying around the world has to offer. I am very pleased with their decision to model real-world stages.The actual driving experience (using G27) is simply one of the best pieces of computer-based entertainment I have experienced. I said something similar in my initial review below, but this has only improved in my eyes.The RX and Pikes Peak content are nice extras to the game. It'd be great if this project leads to a new licenced rallycross title that continues with the more ""authentic""/""sim"" approach to modelling the sport and includes the full World RX season, as well as a ""sequel"" to DiRT Rally that simply has a larger selection of rally locations with a bigger budget.DiRT Rally is an excellent title. If you have any interest at all in the sport (and ideally a wheel) and are prepared to fail a lot (all part of the fun!) then this is well worth the purchase.[22 May 2015:] My rule of thumb in judging an Early Access game: ""If development were to stop right now, would I be happy with my purchase?"" In this case, it's a definite yes.And luckily, development is on track to add a lot more and produce a truly fantastic game once 1.0 comes around. I am impressed with the way the development team is handling community feedback and it seems they are listening to the right things.In its current form it still has its problems, particularly the FFB, but the main ones have been acknowledged by the dev team and fixes/improvements are in the works.It is not easy, but in my opinion that is the way it should be in a game aiming to be a rally ""sim"". I am not super skilled at sims, but play with a wheel and no assists, and I have only won two stages in career mode so far (over 30 hours). But that doesn't matter, as my gradual improvement has been one of the most rewarding things I have experienced in a game.Despite a few flaws at this stage of development, my time spent with the game in the first few weeks has been some of the most fun I have ever had at a computer."
,Recommended,310560,17035793,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Analconda,"Have you ever seen those ""racing-game elitists"" that bιtch about racing games being tooarcade-y?Thiswill turn you into one of them.Also, prepare 200€ for the Racing Wheel that you'll sobadlywant, after playing this."
,Recommended,310560,16900914,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Shady Dingo,"This game is by far my favourute of the DIRT franchise, the car tuning is great and can make all the differance, this game is probably the hardest racing game i have ever played,  it is a 10/10 must buy racing game."
76561198079297060,Recommended,310560,17008470,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,rizzee,great sim this is and the best game codies have made in the last 5 years..10 out of 10 from me a must buy!!
,Recommended,310560,16941537,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,SliceofNow,The game Codemasters should have made 5 years ago.
76561198019495931,Recommended,310560,17018363,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Rekreated,An early access game that plays more smoothly than most AAA titles...And a bare knuckle ride to boot..10/10.
,Recommended,310560,19803962,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Spoderman,"Pretty much the best racing game I've ever played. Crossing the finish line without crashing will be one of you life's greater achievement, but I keep coming back to this stunning horro game again and again.10/10, play it with a good wheel setup.I'm gonna go fine tune my lines with the Opel Kadett on Pant Mawr a bit more."
,Recommended,310560,17506784,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Brap,Hektic Gaem
76561197961494118,Recommended,310560,15646557,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Inquisitor,"A shining, modern rally sim with challenging gameplay and smooth performance. With all the updates coming in, the good just keeps getting better."
76561198253681516,Recommended,310560,19887875,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,zumah300,Finally a proper rally game. I spent 28£ on that. No regrets
,Recommended,310560,20037107,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jemery Mailman,"This game doesnt care if you are good at driving games, it doesnt care if you played prior rally games. It will beat you to the ground until you improve. Its a great game and rewarding to play, which makes your first pole position that much more satisfying.Remember: Listen to you Co-driver, and NEVER go full throttle."
76561198017385954,Recommended,310560,19819134,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,marvinight,AMAZING!
76561198259705597,Recommended,310560,19738320,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Hetfield-PT,"Best Rally game simulator ever. Makes me smile everytime i make a corner over 100km/h and dont crash.Fabulous car sounds and driving physics.Pay attencion to your co-driver, it's your new best friend for this game :)For me 10/10 and will be even better with the future upgrades, for sure!!!"
76561198163399403,Recommended,310560,20025355,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Rust Jesus,Amazing realism and fantastic graphics. Stunning and enjoyable game.
76561198000334147,Recommended,310560,19753177,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Mr.Rom,"Awesome game!Back to the roots!Best Dirt game for me, maybe best Racing game ever!"
76561197961232939,Recommended,310560,15671879,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,lpcoolee10,"This is one heck of a fine game. I like the fact that it is more sim than arcade.My first couple of hours resulted in me not being able to put it down.Positives:- Excellent physics- Harks back to the days of CMR & RBR- While the graphics aren't of the highest standards, they are perfectly service-able. They are however really immersive.- When you simply want to beat your time, and just get a kick out of being able to complete a stage without crashing, you know they've done something really wonderful.- The sound is jaw-dropping - you hear everything- The pace-notes add so much to the game; tone changes as you speed up or go over bumps - it's so immersive- For an Early Access game, I cannot believe how polished it is.- Codemasters have a roadmap for this game, and if you invest now, you'll receive all the updates free - AWESOME!What were Negatives (have been fixed now)- Force feedback - It's so much better now; it feels great - in fact...* AC is good, but this is just as good now- Support for my Thrustmaster gear stick - This is supported now- No support for a clutch - This is supported nowNow I don't have any negative comments. Simply one of the best Racing games EVER! The best rally game for sure."
,Recommended,310560,15586147,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Trevellian[C22],"Amazing.  This is the only word I can use to describe DiRT Rally.The fans have been asking for years to get a pure Rally driving game a la Colin McRae Rally and we finally got it.No GymkhanaNo RallycrossLong, multiple stage events, most stages lasting about 5-6 minutes(4 to 6 stages so far from what I've played, meaning an entire event can take close to a half hour)A beautiful physics engine that is definitely more difficult to master than Dirt 2 or 3 was.  A full damage system where you have to repair your car between stages and no Rewind sillyness.This is the pure Rally game I've been wanting for years.  Thank you Codemasters for finally listening to your fans."
,Recommended,310560,15589062,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Feriach,"You will cry a lot before finishing a stage with a good time, but holy cow it is rewarding."
76561197991887672,Recommended,310560,15606129,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ficaks,"Outstanding rally game. Reminds me of RBR. The same scary and doomed feeling when you go too fast. Luckily, nothing left from previous Dirt series (except controller support/mapping)"
,Recommended,310560,15605049,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,69th_Zeb,"The best in racing since RBR -even in an unpolished state. Codemasters did a real market survey and nailed it.I have a dinosaur card and most everything was maxed out running smooth. Hope they keep cramming more vegetation and fewer tiled textures (less DOF as well), and I'll be happy to buy a new machine for this game.I'm also good doing the pay-as-you-go. Shows them what we want with something to back it up. Most of us that started with the first CMR are grown up now and the demographic is no longer exclusively made up of kids.10/10"
76561198026360528,Recommended,310560,18987605,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,(Cdn)Phil,"This game for me was very hard... but in a good way.... it took me 44 hrs to get to the professional stage on career mode and honestly unless I get better I may never make it farther.... luckily I can keep unlocking cars and race all 5 rally spots, hillclimb and rallycross, rallycross can be played multiplayer I haven't tried multiplayer yet as I just unlocked the car needed for it.  the graphics in this game are great, the damage model makes things very interesting... especially when your tire blows and yer riding the rim or your headlights stop working on a night track. Hours of fun."
,Recommended,310560,17366571,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,L3Gi0n4R,"CODEMASTERS ,u are kings !!!  thanks for developing best rally game ever !!  awesome game which every rally fan must own !!"
76561198057934804,Recommended,310560,18684799,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kingu,It's like Dark Souls with cars.10/10
,Recommended,310560,18420590,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,mercy,bought this game because of the subarus. 10/10 would be subaru fanboy again
,Recommended,310560,23495650,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Kyruss,Only played for 20 minutes with my G27 so far and I love it! Wish I didn't have to go to work in the morning lol
,Recommended,310560,15683307,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Darb,"Buy this game, you must."
,Recommended,310560,19246618,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,ahideousinfant,best racing game i have ever played. hands. down.
,Recommended,310560,18915552,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Servatis,"Keeps getting better and better.Started better than any early access game I've ever seen, and has only gotten better since."
76561198089388463,Recommended,310560,22262060,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mlungu,"Quite possibly the greatest racing game I've ever played.  The physics are brutally realistic, leaving you pretty frustrated, but at the same time challenged to come back an improve yourself.  The graphics are incredible even on lesser powered systems, and super well optimized.For the best experience, get yourself a decent wheel, and then the game really comes alive.  All the cars feel unique, and handle vastly differently depending if they are FWD, RWD or AWD.The one criticism is that it needs more RallyCross stages, but beyond that, it's bloody amazing!!"
,Recommended,310560,22263694,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,VR Slipstream,"Review Dirt Rally is so simple.If you didn't like it, then you are a terrible driver.It is that simple, isn't it?But you know, I suck. But one day I will be in top tier.XDTill then, enjoy the game."
,Recommended,310560,19554030,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,its game over man game over,dirt rally has moved on. time to man up.what can i say just get it.
76561198042822473,Recommended,310560,19298249,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Panjii,Easily the best rally game to date.  This game is amazing. 10/10
76561198072998238,Recommended,310560,19068583,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Hustler,9.5/10 better than Counter Strike.
76561198054537489,Recommended,310560,18923140,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,theirondragon,"The most difficult, enraging racing sim I have ever played. Verry chalenging. I realy do enjoy it."
,Recommended,310560,22480752,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,☹sadboi☹,"Now this is rallying done the right way! We have all been waiting for this type of game being made for YEARS. The great thing is Codemasters have decided that they won't add DLC into the game, all the content will be free, how many Devs do we see taking that approach? If your serious about playing racing sims this game is a must buy!"
,Recommended,310560,15736511,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Danglerack Frumblesnatch,"Had to rewrite this as since development has continued my comments are resolved. It rifts, it ffbs, it just rocks. The finland update is just insanely fast and the handling now its off the chart. new scooby rocks, ffb rocks, pikes peak is great, i still dont like monaco or germany too much but thats only because the tarmac physics are not quite right, once you get on gravel or mud its just sublime.9/10 and only dropping that one point for tarmac. Insanely good game and far and away the best dirt game ever made. in fact its not a dirt game. its far better :)"
,Recommended,310560,23419927,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Don't Kermit Suicide,"If you can manage to complete a snow stage with controller while driving group B cars, you're a god to me."
76561198193161754,Recommended,310560,33908996,Posted: 30 July,all,Chickenmeister,6/5 game
,Recommended,310560,19565624,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Halo1m,HOT DIGGIDY DAMN THIS IS ONE TASTY RACEY GAME
,Recommended,310560,15588717,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Jammo,"THANK YOU DiRT, THANK YOU!!!!!"
,Recommended,310560,16944723,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Mr.Rothwell,"Thoroughly enjoying this game even though it's EA it's got great content with more on the horizon. Runs perfectly at solid 60+FPS at 1440p on my system (i7 @4.2ghz, 970GTX, 16gb RAM) which is brilliant. Gameplay is a bit tricky to learn with a gamepad but once you get the hang of it it's superb fun and hugely rewarding.The community is brilliant also, very competitive but all very polite and eager to dish out tips and beat each others time. The online league daily event is a great way to see how you fair up against the competition.I personally much prefer this to Project Cars, not that PC is a bad game but this is much more entertaining and runs better, even though it's early access I haven't had even one crash or freeze.There is something brilliantly exciting about hooning a Group B quattro through a Welsh forest at night at 200kph."
,Recommended,310560,29139918,Posted: 9 January,all,Lucian67,Best rally racing game out there.
76561198066282859,Recommended,310560,34778481,Posted: 6 September,all,Mooksi,MAX!!!
,Recommended,310560,28956188,Posted: 2 January,all,xevious2,Playing with VR is really like being in the car.
,Recommended,310560,16865610,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,T-Dawg,"Edited 12/7/2015 to reflect launch of gameExcellent Rally racing game, and it's finally finished! Game sits more on the sim side of things, especially compared to previous Dirt titles. Focus this time around (as evidanced by the title) is Rally, however there is also Hillclimb, and Rallycross available.Do not buy this if you do not have a controller or wheel, you'll have a hard time using a keyboard.A note on the stages: not counting Hillclimb and Rallycross, there's 6 locales with 12 stages each, each locale uses 6, two long (~10KM) stages, each cut in half to make 6, each with a reverse run for 12 total. Stages average between 2:30 and 8:30 to run, depending on skill, length, and class of car.Hillclimb features Pikes Peak, both fully paved and mixed surface, and you can run it in sectors, or the entire course in one go.Rallycross is licensed, and features 3 locales with multiple layouts for each.Car classes and numbers are:2 60's FWD cars4 70's RWD cars2 80's RWD cars2 Group B RWD cars5 Group B 4WD cars3 Group A 4WD cars2 F2 Kit Car FWD cars4 2000's 4WD Cars2 R4 4WD cars4 2010's 4WD cars3 4WD Hillclimb cars6 Rallycross Super carsAt the end of the day, if you like sim/sim-ish (depending on who you ask) physics, and previous Dirt titles left you wanting more in the way of rally, then this is your game. If you like Gymkahana and other such spetacle, or want an arcadey racing game, look elsewhere (Dirt 3 for example)."
76561198076351177,Recommended,310560,25022565,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SettlingAbyss96,Easily my favorite gameVery realisticGreat graphicsmuch funwill be spending more time in this game
,Recommended,310560,18490462,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Dominik,Best rally game i've played in a long time. Almost feels like you're in a rally car. (amateur rally driver and codriver here)
,Recommended,310560,19555352,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Doomy,"Unforgiving and dirty, just how I like it"
76561197973862220,Recommended,310560,18040913,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Wixy,A brilliant Rally game which can be adjusted for any ability levels. Very impressed after only 90 minutes gameplay. So good that I am going to buy a steering wheel for my computer.
76561197970839994,Recommended,310560,18380025,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Charlatan,"Gameplay and ControlsGameplayThe gameplay is awsome, it has to be rally in the most purest form out there at the moment. It really hasa fast paced feeling to it no matter what car your driving. That being said the learning curve is super steap.You have to invest some time to get trough a really without loosing either quite some time or the shape of the car.But if you do! Man, hitting a corner at perfect speed in the perfect angle feels so rewarding and makes you forget thenumerous of crashes you had in that corner to get it right. But don't loose your cool because the next set of turns are justas important :-)The ammount of cars is more than okay. And in the midst of all of them are some really iconic rally cars. Plus cars get addedover time so not much to complain about that. And you dont swap cars every race as you really need to get a feel for the caryou plan on driving.And with the cars comes great finetuning. with explanation for those who dont know all to much about the in depth jitter jatterof cartuning.It's nothing more then a racing gaming in its purest form. Don't expect more from it. It's nothing fancy just 100% cars an roads.And for me thats a good thing. I really really enjoy this title.ControlsI can be verry quick about this. Keep in mind its not a fact I'm stating just the way I think about it.Steering wheel: Awsome!Controller (xbox360 for me): Awsome!Keyboard: NO! Grmbl!#@!Graphics and AudioGraphicsThe graphic options are fine. You can tweak enough settings to you likings though its not the best. It has to be said it runssmooth as the system requirements are not really all that demanding.But man oh man, this game surely is a beauty. The scenery and details of the cars are pretty amazing. I know its not the newestengine in the world they used but they surely squeezed all of the juice out of the old one.There is one world that sums it all up wich is: StunningAudioThe audio in this game is far above good. All of it!(okay, all that really matters)The sound of the roaring engines, the gravel shooting op agains the bottem of the car,the co-driver giving the instructions. The co-driver even pauzes if you hit a bump hard or get airborne.The only thing wich didnt bother me to much is that the music in the game is minimal. It's by no means bad, just not memorable."
76561198130082516,Recommended,310560,19552261,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,cokoricko,"Wow Wow ! Logitech G27 , big screen 60 Hd TV , big surround system and a game like this .. its a dream come true.. my life change ... i got a lot new friends, my girlfriend started to love my again and want to compete with me!  Great Game !Its a simulation game .. not for sunday driver and arcade gamer whos gonna put the pedal to the floor and drive with one hand..Once you play you respect now the real rally driver .. its hard .. frustrating at the beggining but wow ! So real! watch youtube tutoral to improve your skillz at the beginning that help my a lot.-New AMD crimson software? be sure to put off shader cache off.. I got some issue on many games once CAtalyst was change to crimson.Pro : -Nice graffic - really nice good simulation  (weather,pavement and cars)  Con : gonna make you buy wheel controler and rage sometimes  when you go out of the road after 10 min of good driving and finish last :)"
,Recommended,310560,18379481,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ApexCity,"Only true Automotive Enthusiasts will Truly enjoy this, it is hardcore. WOW Codemasters, you have made the only other racing game I can actually enjoy. Just WOW, I dont even know what else I could ask for in this game (Except an E36 M3 ;)My advice play with ALL ASSISTS OFF, HELMET CAM AND NO HUD. That is exactly how it is truly meant to be played, what a masterpiece this is coming to be. Great job I cannot stress that enough.  BTW I waited untill you fixed the handling on the RWD cars before I could say this. Im damn impressed at the level of improvement in realism and handling with all RWD cars.Forget every other racing game on Steam Gearheads this is the one. (If by some miracle we got Forza on PC this would be tied with it)Why care what I have to say? Well I come from a family of proffesional racing, and am one of the biggest Car fiends youll ever meet plus I have a bit of a career in the industry to say the least. When it comes to games Realism is my  #1, thats a tough one for racing games especially and this does it almost too well."
,Recommended,310560,19553696,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,OhFace,"Now that the game's out of early access, I can safely say that this is one of best racers I've played in a long time.My only gripe is that the game doesn't have enough rally stages. There's two to three routes in each country with a few variations. However, the driving alone has this amazing combination of challenge and fun. Also, the sound design is some of the best I've heard.After Grid 2, I thought Codies lost their touch, but Dirt Rally has proved me wrong. This is definitely one of their best games, and they handled early access greatly. So I hope they do the same again with their next title."
,Recommended,310560,15711128,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Shmon,"DiRT is back, and better than ever!12hrs played and I haven't owned the game for 2 days yet. I can't stop playing. This game is a masterpiece even in it's unfinished form.Ever since the day Codemaster released ColinMcRae Rally 3 I've loved the series. Recently they moved from a more serious all out rally feeling to a more ""arcadish"" offroad racing game. DiRT Showdown was in my opinion, a terrible game. They hit rock bottom there and there's many reasons I think so (which I will not write about here). I played DiRT 3 alot and I think it was overall a very enjoyable game. I also like the fact that there was many different types of racing. However, the longer this series has been going on, the more they have moved away from what it started with. I'm not saying eveything always has to be the same, but if you change something, you want it to be better - or atleast as good, right? I think their series went downhill efter DiRT 2. Not unplayable, but worse. Showdown became the final stand. I thought ""I guess the DiRT days are over..."". Then, without any advertising or news about it, a friend said they have a new game called DiRT Rally, so, with hope that Codemasters would better themselves and produce a game not just based around Ken Block and doing donuts infront of a crowd, I purchasd it *nervosity intesified*.Was I shocked... Yes I was. We hear about how ""graphics is not as important as gameplay"", ""graphics doesn't matter"" all the time here on the internet. While it is true that a game, with only good graphics but no fullfilling content, is not a good game, you have to undertand that graphics does enhance the gameexperience for most people. However, I am sure I could play this game without any graphics at all. Because the physics are right there.I have never in my life played a rally game that is this hard to master.Seriously, it is so hard. Realistic? Perhaps. I think it feels vrey much right on all surfaces except asphalt (which in the game can be played in Monaco). You may not agree, but I don't really think that the physics are correct there or it's just me having a really hard time understanding it.Overall, the physics are amazing and the game is definately worth you money if you want to play a realistic rally game.It's very very hard and don't even think about playing it with a keyboard.I first played with my keyboard and it was impossible. Then I went on to hooking up my G27 wheel. It didn't feel right. After that I plugged in my Xbox 360 controller. Just right.For me the controller is the easiest but I think it's all about preference.Don't bother with the keyboard thought, just don't.In the game you have a variety of cars to choose from. They are not very many, but sufficient enough to keep my occupied for now as every car needs to be driven differently and every car handles very different. The Championship mode is ver short and doesn't really feel like a complete championship but I'm sure it's going to be more later (atleast I hope so). Now they will also be adding Hillclimb racing, which I am very exited about.To end this review, I'd like to add a list of things I'd like to see in the game. I believe this game all the potential to become awesome and maybe even the best rally game I ever played but it need alot more content. Since it's only on Early Access though, I believe there will be more.Here's my list:Bigger Championship modeMore stagesMore carsChanges asphalt physicsMore types of racing like hillclimb, rallycross, and so on. Don't be afraid to look too much like DiRT 3 in that aspect. We still have the amazing physicsengine and no Ken Block. I'm just asking for more diciplines.Trucks in hillclimb :)Championship in every diciplineAnimation of people fixing the car between stages like in ColinMcRae Rally 3.Rally Championships having 1v1 superstage at the end.[/u]No hate, just my thoughts.[/u]Wonderful game, good graphics, incredible physics. The potential for this one is HUGE."
,Recommended,310560,17022189,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Z71Silverado06,graphics are great and the game is fun its just not as easy sometimes to keep the car on the track the handling is crazy on this game maybe more fun if i had a steering wheel
76561198002890764,Recommended,310560,18042694,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,|Extaze,"The best car racing game I've ever played. That game is not for everyone, really competitive and it's still getting better and better."
,Recommended,310560,19554186,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Bira Neto,"This might be the first ever Dirt Rally I play that I like. All others were good, but not sim enough."
,Recommended,310560,18282215,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Korrupt3d,"What can I say? I've been playing racing games since I was quite young, and racing sims when I figured out there was more to life. My vast experience could not prepare me for the beauty that is driving the rally cars in this game.You go from a rally championship in a car that I wouldn't personally want to rally to turbocharged, AWD monsters where, when the boost kicks in, you definitely have to compensate for it while you're going full drift monkey around that late apex, don't cut, dip, bump 2, because if you don't, you'll end up saying ""hi"" to the treeline. The video detail on maximum settings is beautiful, and the car details are amazing. The damage is about as spot on as it can get without being ""unfair."" If you're looking for something that will make your heart race and once in a while, give you a good ""pucker moment"", this game is it. Codemasters' updates are genuinely helping this game take steps, but I'd be happy if the only thing they added from now on were more cars. It truly feels complete to me, but I won't argue with progress. Buy it. Don't wait until they say it is finished. Get it now and enjoy the mountains of progress being made!"
76561198001066285,Recommended,310560,18367354,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mikro_TSS,the most realistic rally game i have tryed so far after more than 10 years of playing racing games.
,Recommended,310560,18402335,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Archangel,"Phenomenal rally game. Forget the Nitro-boosts and power-ups, this is rally driving as it should be. And, as an added bonus, it looks awesome to boot. Can't recommend it enough - support them now and hand over your cash. This game definitely isn't Race to Mars..."
76561197983978962,Recommended,310560,19783856,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,=ADSTA=,Why hasn't this game been banned.Something that is this much fun would normally be made illegal.I haven't enjoyed a racing sim as much as this in the 8 years I've been a sim racing addict.Codies have certainly earned their pocket money and deserved all the praise given.I have had no problems with the multiple racing controllers I use and have not encountered any dramas with the software.Of coarse there are always things that could be improved or included in the game but name me one game that is perfect.I can't speak for people who use a keyboard or Xbox like controller but this is a must buy for any race sim fan with a wheel and pedal set.9/10 rubber chickens from me!
76561198032249114,Recommended,310560,24330091,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,paragon,Perfect game.
,Recommended,310560,22270720,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Benis Beppis,DONT CUT BE BRAVE
76561198064168291,Not Recommended,310560,28857107,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Almond Rick,"Honestly a really great game, Graphics are pretty good, Cars are diverse and it's not impossible to progress. It's very realistic by giving you a proper passenger who reads out directions like in reality. Now, the only reason im downvoting this is because Wheel and H shifting is very unresponsive. I can't drive with a wheel that barely turns 45 degrees on a full rotation. It doesn't actually involve any bindings for the Logitech g920 steering wheel/H-Shifter controls. Im not sure about other wheels. And although i could just use the keyboard, it's a lot more difficult and unrealistic. I'll change my opinion once CodeMasters give the wheel some love. there was a similar problem in Dirt Showdown too."
,Recommended,310560,29672202,Posted: 3 February,all,Hybrid V,Great game. Perfect for VR simpod enthusiasts... If you have a Rift... otherwise you will need to use Revive to get your Vive to work with it since apparently the devs are more interested in getting a Linux version up and running rather then getting the largest VR market share HMD to be compatible natively.Nothing against Linux gamers as I myself have a seperate Linux machine but it just seems odd that the devs could careless about other HMDs let alone Vive or OSVR.But don't let that detract from a solid rally car game that is just as fun to play on standard setups. Even if you don't have an HMD but are looking for a good racing/rally game then pick this one up.
,Recommended,310560,15839312,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,MarjiiS,Good early acces version. Should be nice game when full game released.
,Recommended,310560,19552291,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,LosVille95 (FIN) ツ,If we get sprint game mode and another cars drive same time in multiplay then this is 10/5 :)But this is now fantastic game too! :)
,Recommended,310560,19547525,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Spunkie,"A flawless early access campaign, crowned with a perfect game.This. is. rally. finally.Thanks Codemasters. Please get rich with this masterpiece. :)"
,Recommended,310560,15628376,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Carl Johnson,"Brilliant game, excellent simulation, stunning graphics and really good performance already and its only Early Access. The devs are active and seem really open to ideas and feedback plus you've got the assurance that its definitely going to be finished as its Code masters.Gameplay is stunning, driving is really smooth and fluid, physics are great and the courses are really good too, very much like real life courses (might even be real?).By far the best thing is the damage simulation, to see the body parts warping and twisting is crazy but beyond that you can smash windows, break wheel hubs, puncture tyres and damage countless other parts of your vehicle.Sure it has its issues, occasional graphical glitches, the car recovery system needs work and there's other tiny niggles but nothing you wouldn't expect in a EA game, to be frank in its current state it better than most recent AAA releases.Its worth noting a lot of wheel users are reporting some minor issues with things like wheel syncing and FFB but again CM are active on the discussion hub asking for reports and feedback to nail it down properly.This is going to turn into a great game, if you like driving and/or rally sims then you should buy this now while its cheap."
,Recommended,310560,15839228,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,sinoia,"Dirt Rally is the greatest rally game since RBR and may prove to finally replace it as the go-to rally sim. With improved FFB, more content and general polish, this could be something incredible. Already the devs have been listening to feedback,(just check their twitter) and the game looks like it's headed in a great direction. Online component is surprisingly enjoyable and gets me playing each day. I strongly recommend this to anyone interested in rally or racing sims in general."
,Recommended,310560,19791567,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Hallowenman,"Looking for a realistic rally game? Buy DiRT Rally, a truly great rally sim!This game is difficult, and I would personally say that if you do not have a decent wheel, do not buy this game, as it is so much fun with a wheel and you wouldn't drive a real rally car with a keyboard, would you? If you don't want to get a wheel, then... get a more arcade rally game I guess, like the older DiRT games.||| What does this game do well?+ Handling: It is difficult to drive fast in this game without messing your run up, or without crashing. You need to spend some time getting used to driving a rally car in this game. This is not an arcade rally game unlike the other DiRT games. When you finally get the hang of it, then its a whole new world. The feeling of getting through a corner sideways, and fast, in a rally car without hitting something and without losing control: its so amazing, but kinda difficult (depending on car and surface). But is all the hours of practice worth it in the end? Yes, no doubt!+ Cars: Good selection of cars, and they feel different. Really feels like they have put some time into each car. Sound are also very nice.+ Stages: Some say they are a bit too wide, which makes it easier to drive fast as you got more room to mess it up in, instead of just going straight into a tree, but those are mostly people that are really good at the game and that can drive extremely fast and controlled. Trust me, this game will challenge you.+ Realism: Each stage/track has different surfaces, and you will feel a difference. Its for example more than one type of gravel, and in Finland I personally (with the cars I have driven there) feel that I got more grip and more control of the car, but if I try the Welsh stages I feel like its a lot easier to go sideways and lose control of the car.+ Enviroment: Night stages, rain and snow makes the stages very fun.+ Different types of rally: You got more than just ""classic rally"" (rally stages), you can also drive Rallycross which is laps on short tracks with mixed surface and it includes the event structure (heats, semi-finals and finals). So you can learn the tracks as there isnt that many corners and be really fast. You also got hillclimb with the famous Pikes Peak which is really fun and difficult.||| What could be improved?- Stages: More stages would make it a lot more fun. If you play the career mode you will basically go through the same stages over and over again, just in different cars, so its easy to get a little bit tired after many, many hours into the game, but the different cars makes the stages interesting, so you'll probably keep playing if you like rally driving. And as mentioned, night versions of the stages and snow/rain will give you variations.- Making the game run better, optimizing: I will admit that I am using an older GPU, so I understand that I can't play the game at max graphic settings, but the long stages really needs more optimizing if that is possible with the game engine. With my current settings I get steady FPS and nice visuals at the sprint stages and the long stages, but Pikes Peak, which is really long, really struggles. But it is a game by Codemasters, so what did you expect?  The game will run very well on more recent GPU's, so if you got a good GPU from the Nvidia 600-series or newer you should be able to play it at medium/high graphic settings and get a good and steady FPS. Always make sure to keep your drivers up to date!Edit: I am now using a new PC and the game runs fine. My old PC was low-end (Nvidia GTX 550 Ti 1 Gb) and around 5 years old, so most people will probably have no problems running this.- Force Feedback: The FFB is far from bad, but just like other Codemaster racing games the FFB isn't as good as I would like it to be in a sim. Its good enough to give me feedback about what the car is doing, how it is responding to the surface, but I think it needs some improving.Edit: I am not using a expensive wheel that has impressive FFB, but my wheel is far from bad. I have not researched this a lot, but as far as I know the wheel I am using is using a more simple design to deliver the force feedback, so DiRT Rally might not be optimized for this kind of wheel. I am using a Logitech DFGT. But just to repeat it: the FFB is NOT bad, but I would like to see some improvements.EDIT 08/4/2016: Codemasters really cares about this game. Continues updates adding new content and fixing bugs are amazing. A few days ago lots of new cars were added for free, thanks Codemasters!||| Overall score: This is a really fun rally sim, yes I'm calling it a sim even though some claim it is not a sim.It gives you plenty of challenges. Would like to see some improvements, but at the time of writing this review it is pretty good. 9/10"
76561197969251300,Recommended,310560,15607506,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Kills Maxwall,This is the REAL RALLY
,Recommended,310560,19673039,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,JBro™,Codemasters making a good rally game based off rallying!!! Mind. BLOWN! Credit well deserved in this instance.
,Recommended,310560,27954178,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,epL.,Best rally GAME ever.
76561198014995149,Recommended,310560,18786253,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,oldbastard,takes forever to get credits to buy decent cars
76561198195930127,Recommended,310560,16780884,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,tunaphis,"What a game,if this would came out when i  still working i would of quit.I bought a new Alienware laptop just to play this game after reading reveiws and watching youtube.I only quit playing when the headaches get to bad.Codies really nailed this time."
,Recommended,310560,19653207,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,calvincjh,Codemasters are back! What a rally simulator!
,Recommended,310560,31089115,Posted: 11 April,all,Coach,The Best game of all time about Rally and Rallycross!!!10/10
,Recommended,310560,31615569,Posted: 7 May,all,NoSkillBill,Can't even play the game.
,Recommended,310560,23174254,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,wtx,"Into left four, continues for eighty crest. Right one long, eighty. Left five don't cut, right four, continues for eighty over crest. Right six, into left three. And right four half-long, and left five, and right sixty keep left over crest. One-twenty, caution left six half long small jump. Into right six long, into left three don't cut, continues to one thirty. Right three, sixty. Right four big jump, left four long don't cut. Jump into right four long, tightens, into right three, sixty.  Left four over jump don't cut.Left six, right four don't cut. Into caution right four long. Keep mid over crest, right six, and left six keep left over crest, into left six, into right six, sixty. Right five over jump maybe, into caution left five gate, and right one long, into turn, hairpin right. Narrows over bridge, left six, one thirty, right six, into left six, don't cut, into finish.RIGHT SIX:Right six continues for eighty tightens five, left three long, into keep left over small crest, sixty, keep right over crest. And caution left six, right one, continues for one-hundred. Eighty, right four, narrows. Left five, right six long into left six past gate. Continues sixty, into turn left one.HAIRPIN LEFT:One fifty, small crest, left six long crest. Caution right turn three, tightens over jump sixty down. Narrows. Left four long, opens and tightens over jump.  Into right four long, tightens, three don't cut. Into left six, bad camber don't cut. One hundred past junction then immediate square right.Keep mid:+ Over crest+ Don't cut+ Left three- Past junction- Immediate square rightTightens:DON'T CUT / RIGHT TWO"
,Recommended,310560,29612821,Posted: 31 January,all,Snik,Im hooked to this game. I wish I could play it on VR.If you are not really a racing fan then you should avoid this game.BUT if you enjoy racing games (eg. Project Cars) then this the game for you.And remember DON'T CUTRating - Sebastian Loed/10
,Recommended,310560,17015729,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Lizzard,"I've played every single games in the Colin McRae Rally Series and the Dirt series, so I was very exited when i read about this game.And I must say, it really lives up to my expectations, it is seriously challenging, the handling is amazing, graphics and sounds are great. It is alot more like the old McRae games, so if you are a fan of those, and you like your racing games a bit more on the simulation side, then i'm sure you'll like this game.A big thumbs up from me to Codemasters for keeping the focus on making the games your hardcore fans want.I will defeniately recommend this game to any rally fan."
,Recommended,310560,17762532,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,DaJeDa™,"This is Great game for those that love to play RBR or maybe those that have played other dirt games that just love rally. IMO DIRT rally feels a bit like RBR but looks like Dirt, Using a wheel this a simulator that does not disappoint. I would suggest setting your Dampers on your wheel profile to the highest setting to feel when the wheels bite, this makes it feel less like power steering. The rig im currently using is a Fanatec CSR wheel/ Elite Pedals and CSR shifter set. Any questions on how i got my wheel setup just message me on steam."
76561198016711088,Recommended,310560,16450990,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Cossack,"Probably best rally expierience ever since Colin McRae Rally 2.0Atmosphere of the game is really great. The car handling, terrain, everything is just what I ever wanted from proper rally game. Really looking forward to play it even more."
,Recommended,310560,15682551,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kami102,"I've always loved rallying. Through the butt-clenching hairpin turns on a track barely wider than your car, or the long stretches of track with trees on one side and a cliff edge on the other truly make rally racing an unique discipline. When Colin McRae's DiRT landed I was thrilled. A bit arcade-y, but it was an extremely fun game and was chock full of rallying goodies.  Unfortunately, the series took a downward spiral of depression, and started gaining unnecessary weight through the use of Ken Block, gymkhana, and developed diabetes from a general ""Dude-bro"" attitude to the sport.Thankfully, Codemasters released DiRT Rally. DiRT Rally cuts off all that extra and unnecessary weight, and throws everything wrong with DiRT 2, DiRT 3 and DiRT Showdown out the window and focuses on pure rallying with no extra B.S.If you want Gymkhana, Ken Block, Explosions, Fireworks, Rewinds, then this game is not for you.If you want just rallying; rallying in it's purest form from the likes that we haven't seen since the glory days of Richard Burn's Rally, then I think you will enjoy this game.While I wouldn't say DiRT Rally is the be-all-end-all of simulation Rally (I'd say it's more Simcade) it's still a very thought out game. It is by no means at all easy to drive these beasts on the gravel. You WILL crash. A lot.Another thing to keep in mind, the game is Early Access. There IS a chance that the game will fail to deliver. However, it seems Codemasters has a very good, thorough plan set for the next couple of months (Pikes Peak and Rallycross soon!)But the game is already fleshed out pretty well, with a championship mode and an interesting multiplayer function called ""Leagues"" where friends can race against each other to set the best times in multiple events.Here's hoping Codemasters stays faithful to the old fans of rallying.  I look forward to seeing what comes of DiRT Rally in the future."
76561197985002335,Recommended,310560,17355498,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,NymphetamineOverdose,best rally game yet
76561198034615810,Recommended,310560,17368478,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,TerrorTurtle46™,"I LOVE THIS GAME!The first time I played it, it was so difficult, but after a few tries it was going better and better!At this point I love this game! And it's getting better every update <3Worth buying!"
,Recommended,310560,15844191,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,GoofyNose,"Fantastic! May induce sweating, stress and rage...but oh dear I haven't had that much fun in a while."
,Recommended,310560,16788319,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Nick Crompton,"The game is diffucult enough that you almost want to throw the controller; but then you suck it up, try again, and hope to stop sucking at driving. I would recommend this game for anyone who is into driving sims."
,Recommended,310560,17374869,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,SIGSEGV | I - 705,"This game is wonderful. it has very solid gameplay and better competition system than showdown (also dirt 3). You can modify your car setup for each stage of rally or you can ask your engineer/staff/crew to setup your race preferences. Suspension, traction control and breaking assistant are very crucial. if you're hardcore gamer i believe you won't use those feature ( 0 ), thus the difficulty of the game will be cranked up. 10/10. Rally driving simulator. Very Recommended"
,Recommended,310560,17463265,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Chaostos,"Challenging for me and hardcore...loved it. Classic Rally, car racing game by Codemasters. What a treat ! I enjoyed first GRID, this is a different racing game ofcourse and this is another level of hard, as here your cars fly all over different road types... and kisses nearest tree. Lovely so far, can't wait to see what content will be added.Good graphical options/driving options and settings for different styles of driving and challenge."
76561198233912804,Recommended,310560,17432093,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Led Poison,"Just got this game last night, it seems very cool.  I like the graphics and it is another GREAT game for the wheel i have."
76561197960560053,Recommended,310560,16549549,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ches,"Outstanding.  Beautiful, punishing and sublime.  The best racing game i've played in years."
76561198044958221,Recommended,310560,16411288,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SleeepyyHead,"This is one of the BEST rally games I've played. Even it's in pre-release, it is well in preformance, graphics, and gameplay. 10/10 apples."
76561197972084769,Recommended,310560,15669842,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,JonnyGSA,EPIC shows great promise :) This could be the rally simulator. Turn up the volume
,Recommended,310560,17780718,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Antonius Candidus,Hardcore rally game. Development is organized and early access goals are acheived on time. Can only recommend!
76561197962773466,Recommended,310560,15664803,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Nomac55,So far i like what they have going on. driving is more sim then the other dirt game are by far. I feel the FFB needs alot more work though just not enough feel in the wheel yet.So far Im impressed. kinda came outa nowhere game lol.
76561198143238218,Recommended,310560,19531071,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,papi Bernard,"I have been playing Dirt Rally from the beginning of the Early Access and I must admit that I am now Dirt Rally addicted !I practice every day with the daily, weekly and monthly events.Everything is there for a fantastic race simulation: quality of the Force Feed Back, quality of the graphics, multi Player with Rally Cross... and a growing community of players with leagues.I am now looking forward for the Winter Wonderland and hopefully more contents, tracks and cars, to come.My congratulations to all the development team, especially the software team (just because I am a former software developer !)I highly recommend this game, no doubt that this game will be a reference for rally racing simulation."
76561198061327106,Recommended,310560,18469404,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SkinnierSteve,"This truly is the best rally game since Richard Burns Rally. The cars feel very real to drive, and the sounds and graphics are also very impressive. My current graphics card struggles to run the game on Ultra though, but I do it anyways, since it looks so good on Ultra. I run it on Ultra with my Gtx 560 Ti 2GB, and fps differs in each stage, but it's mostly about 30 fps or so. I drive in cockpit view, using an Xbox 360 controller, and man, it just feels fantastic. The only problem I have with this game so far is the damage model. It's still far away from being as realistic as Richard Burns Rally's damage model. I would also like to see specifically which parts are damaged, like which parts of the engine are damaged for example, not just a health bar for the overall engine damage, and you should be able to fix the different parts seperately like in Richard Burns Rally. Well anyways, the game is excellent, and I am glad I bought it. I can only see it getting better and better."
,Recommended,310560,18429017,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,DONALD J. TRUMP,"By far the best rallying game on the market. Game itself is fantastic, the community interaction and response to feedback via various social platforms, reddit etc by Codemasters is a great thing. Scheduled timelane updates are actually on time and followed."
,Recommended,310560,17798397,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,MURDER KING,Brutal. Beautiful. 10/10. If Codemasters keep their promise of FREE updates then this game is worth every penny.Hardcore rally at its best. Buy it. PS: the handbrake is your friend.
,Recommended,310560,18654777,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,kari,best rally game EU
,Recommended,310560,17757424,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,The Leeds Lad [GB],"""I'm Ken Block and this is Colin McR...Oh wait, I'm not part of this anymore. Neither is it a Colin Mcrae game"" (though his name more than deserves to be on this).It's nothing like Dirt 2 and 3. It's like Dirt 1, but glorified.10/10. 5 stars."
,Recommended,310560,19385899,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,A. Curvelo,"Nice game!In my opinion this game isn't better than Richard Burns Rally, but it's so mutch better than WRC's games!"
76561198111968299,Recommended,310560,15615324,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Hammerark,"I felt compelled to write this review because this game is perfect. The review will be mini because I just wanna get back to playing the game so here goes.If you love driving on the edge, or even over it, get this game. For me the controls are as good as they can get, the feeling of being in control and then realising that you're not actually in control due to over stepping things or underestimating the terrain is second to none... Blah blah blah, I'm getting back to the game."
76561197973789679,Recommended,310560,22492020,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,kcalsyn,"Pure Rally simulation.  Realistic handling.  Great visuals. Sweaty palms and swearing.  You really fear for your life.  If you love Rally, you'll love this game.  If you don't love Rally, you might still love this game but the learning curve is steep - though well worth it in the end."
76561198102366241,Recommended,310560,21118390,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Cali_Isaac,"Easily the BEST car game i have ever played, but i dont had a wheel (._. ) and its impossible to play with an Xbox 360 Control. but still 10/10 would play"
76561197970246863,Recommended,310560,21576291,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,frederictalbot,"Majestic, a game you love and hate for the same reasons... Been on it since the Early Access launch (april 2015), and it was a joyride watching this one grow... Unforgiving, fun, real...!"
,Recommended,310560,15691865,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Randles,Much needed return the Rally game roots! Punishing and rewarding in equal measure. Nice to see that the team have managed to get this passion project to market.The inclusion of the VR option was a brave decision for a game heading for MVP or Early Access and much apreciated.I stopped playing rally games and now.. for this game I'm back in a big way.
,Recommended,310560,20415693,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Aspre777,+Realistic physics+On point car models+Challenging tracks+Variety of cars-Career mode is a grind-No multiplayer
76561198007614359,Recommended,310560,16536554,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Paul Jeffrey,"Excellent, just excellent"
76561197972326986,Recommended,310560,22945624,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,mustangsvtcobra,"This game is the most fun I've had in a racing game for a long time, it reminds me of games such as Gran Turismo 4 and Need For Speed Porsche Unleashed.  This is definitely the spiritual successor to Richard Burns Rally.  I play with the Steam Controller and a Fanatec Porsche GT2 wheel.  If you like racing games and you enjoy difficulty, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,310560,20140267,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TesseracT,"A very solid and in depth racing game. It plays more like a simulation rather than a arcade racer. The controls and feel of the game are very tight, highly recommended."
,Recommended,310560,22803718,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,JakeBe1234,"In the short 26 hours of my life I've dedicated to gripping the G27 wheel and rolling minis off hills, there was a lot to be learned about DiRT Rally.  Here is a list.- Gorgeous- Anger Inducing- Unforgiving- Loads of fun-Worth every minute"
,Recommended,310560,26638671,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Scarmax,"Though it takes a fair amount of practice to master all cars and all stages (I still haven't quite yet), this is the only rally game that I feel comes close, and perhaps even matches, the legendary Richard Burns Rally in terms of realism.  With a good steering wheel and pedals, DiRT Rally provides some good andrenaline charged rally racing excitement.  Throw in a TrackIR or other head tracking device, and it's even better!  The graphics are very good, the in-car view gives a great sense of speed, and it has what I think is some of the best night lighting effects in any racing game, rally or otherwise.  Weather effects are pretty good too, although the rain effect is probably not the best I've seen.I haven't done a full career in the game yet, but I do enjoy the inclusion of the classic Group B cars, which are extremely fast and a real handful to learn to drive, but well worth the effort.  The sounds of the cars are spot on realistic, especially the Audi Quattro Sport.I have a short list of games that I consider ""basic requirments"" on my gaming PC, games that simply must remain installed at all times, and this is definitely one of them!"
,Recommended,310560,20921930,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SixtyDegrees,"You know that one game that has the devs fully passionate? Dirt Rally is that one game. I can't stress it enough that this the best racing game I've ever played, and I've been playing racing games since the first need for speed. It's regulary updated with new content, it's one of the hardest and most challenging racing game, the graphic is beautiful, well optimized in PC, no micro-transaction bullcraap, multiplayer is fun, the sound.... man... the SOUND... I could rev that ford focus all day everyday. This game ain't arcade, this is Dirt Rally, you will ditch your car on the first gaddamn corner. U see that ""BUY"" button? CLICK DAT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥MANG!"
,Recommended,310560,18751728,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,F uͬ eͥ nͨ oͦ s,absolutely ♥♥♥♥in excellent
76561198073244218,Recommended,310560,17652471,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Psybray,"Very nice game! Realistic, nice graphic und very good to drive with e racing wheel.Rally pur:)"
76561198033717339,Recommended,310560,21062046,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kyrro,.
,Recommended,310560,21104747,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Windows 3.1,Pure Rally Experience. Pair it with a decent steering wheel and you're golden.First hour or so will be filled with smashing into rocks and going down hills. take it slow and first and learn the ropes.
,Recommended,310560,21107680,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,OldDirtyCracker,Pros:The only game of any genre in the last 10 years designed well enough that you develop skill over time.Best scenery in a racing game.Cons:Handbrake turns are for yobbos.
,Recommended,310560,19549027,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,e-fiend,"Overwhelmingly the best rally game since Colin McRae 2, Richard Burns Rally and Rally Trophy."
76561198032589116,Recommended,310560,20271164,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hunky,"Dirt Rally remids me V-Rally 3 on playstation. (those good old days)Just one thing I imagine for this game; On career mode, AI players could be little more alive somehove. I need some crashes, dramatic moments etc. Yes ranking can changes but I mean more real life moments could be on the game.The last word;This game is brilliant, that is really small thing what I said below.If you looking for realistic rally game, this is for you!(Sorry my english)"
,Recommended,310560,16907274,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,The Top Man,"Fun and difficult in equal measure, this is the first proper rally sim in a long while.Cliffs and ice everywhere, the Dark Souls of rally driving - Prepar to Di(v)e (off a cliff at 69 kph).♥♥♥♥ Wales."
,Recommended,310560,18646909,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Kovu,"This is actually quite great.Brings back a lot of real rallying that has been missing for several years in the series. Let's also say it's quite a challenge, and there's always room to improve yourself and your driving in various cars and stages.I must say though, even though I'm fully aware it's early access it does need more stages around in different types of rallys like for example Sweden, or Kenya or something funky, but in the future more stages to the already existing rallys that exist. I also miss the Mitsubishi Evo's dearly and in general want to see the expansion of cars, especially 90's and 2000's. Hoping for it! That aside I think codemasters has done a great job with what they've provided so far, and every update has been really nice to see."
,Recommended,310560,16823613,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Dark Cypher,"Best rally game since RBR and if you dont know what RBR is your going to find this hard.I have been playing this on and off during the early access, mainly due to my crappy racing computer, however I have recently gone back and found it working much better. (I still need an upgrade) its a big improvement. Its an amazing game and even though people are going to hate the sim feel its much more of a feeling of achivement to nail a single handbrake turn in this then to win 10 races in one of the more arcade rally games.Totally recommended!!!"
,Recommended,310560,20667680,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ID-10T error,Great game!Rallycross vs AI is a crap..but almost every car game is!
,Recommended,310560,20680082,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Julio Guimaraes,Amazing game.
,Recommended,310560,16829376,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,wheeltowheel,"Edit: The game is now in the 1.0 stage. My review below is now obsolete and I will update it later this monthI've tried to write this review for the person who knows what kind of game this is and give an idea of what it's like to play the game in its current early access state. This game has a LOT going for it and I am optimistic about the final release. I'm so glad to see Dirt stepping away from the arcade rally genre and working towards furthering realism. There's an awesome vintage car selection, great graphics (that aren't over-processed like other racing games), frequent updates, and transparency with early access players. However, I recommend waiting for the final build, unless you're a hardcore fan and don't mind spending the $. As of 7/1/2015, the game has some issues. (1) Even on high-end systems, the game struggles to maintain a solid framerate. I am using a GTX 780, and struggle to maintain 60FPS, even with the preset set to Medium. I'm guessing that this will be resolved in the form of some kind of optimization, but I guess there's no guarantee. (2) Coming from other simulators, the physics don't always feel correct. This is especially true when on tarmac. The ""Tarmac Terrors"" update only exemplifies this issue. Going through a corner, understeer transitions into oversteer in an unnatural way. Group B cars on the tarmac portion of Pike's Peak will do AWD burnouts in 3rd and 4th gear, which is great fun, but not necessarily realistic. On tight gravel courses these issues also exist, but are compounded by rough track edges, which will roll a car that's gotten too close to the edge of the track. (3) The much-needed force feedback update resolved many player's issues, but it still feels wonky when using a wheel. With a G27, I find that I am constantly adjusting steering linearity and FFB settings. Part of the problem is that I can never get steering input to feel 1:1. It either demands too much input (feels like a greyhound bus) or too twitchy. At times, the force feedback feels great, but other times it doesn't feel correct for a given situation. Drive a few laps in Assetto Corsa using FWD, RWD, and AWD cars and you will see the kind of FFB realism that's possible. For a game that's being marketed as more of a simulator, these are issues worth talking about."
76561198244424842,Recommended,310560,19037743,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Karma,"Dirt 2 & 3 were the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dirt showdown was the worst racing game I have ever played. Dirt Rally, on the other hand, is possibly the best game I have ever played!"
,Recommended,310560,15611937,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,scud,"It's still early access but this game is shaping up to be awesome. I've played pretty much every rally game that's come out for the PC since the late 90's, Mobil 1 Rally Championship, Colin McRae, Dirt, Richard Burns Rally, you name it I've played them and this is up there with RBR and M1RC as one of the greats.Handling feels pretty realistic in that cars aren't on rails, you can't let off the gas to make every turn at near full speed, damage is pretty realistic in that a slight off can puncture a tire and do some bad damage. The stages are longer than in DIRT but not nearly as long as M1RC or even some RBR stages, but they're decently long at about 6-8 minutes for the majority.There are a lot of different types of cars and they do feel realistic for their age, ie: modern WRC cars are insanely fast and handle a lot better than some of the early FWD rally cars (Mini).If you want a really good rally game that looks pretty pick this up as soon as you can, I don't think you'll regret it."
76561198022939430,Recommended,310560,16756021,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Heino Hinterseer,"+ Early Access without problems+ nice career mode (steps, money, team)+ nice graphics with AMD+ realistic+ cars over decades+ GROUP B: all cars (Audi Sport Quattro, Peugeot 205 T16, Lancia Delta S4, Ford 200, Metro, Opel Manta, Lancia 037)+ PIKES PEAK, new and OLD track with the legendary cars (Audi Sport Quattro S1, Peugeot 205 T16, Peugeot 405)"
76561198011908486,Recommended,310560,16803096,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,tosheba,"It`s great. I remember the Colin Mcrae rally 2004, the game was very good. And all this years I wait. I wait good game, with good grafic, and good physics. It`s not a arcade like DIRT, it's old rally 2004, and that is great.Now the game is great, and i think that will be better, more better. 9/10."
,Recommended,310560,16685627,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Raurenz,Very challenging and unforgiving.  I can't stop playing.
,Recommended,310560,17751925,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,elliot,"Polished, eautiful, challenging and cathartic.  Live the rally dream."
,Recommended,310560,18170492,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,D-Dub,"I take back every negative thing I have ever said about Danica Patrick.Even if you don't have a Steering Wheel or any of that fancy stuff, at least get an Xbox One controller. Don't want to pass this game up!"
76561198028020034,Recommended,310560,18398318,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,LE4D'66,"It's simple AWESOME !! Miles ahead of the previous version, keep this up, you're on to a winner."
,Recommended,310560,18702866,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Andozinoz,"HOLY HECTIC!Expect to be challenged, especially when using wheels, this is very different in difficulty (Realism i think :P) from Dirt3, much harder, much more developed in the way of advanced car mechanics/track mechanics. Great fun, excellent eye candy, the scenery is very well modelled and makes you feel like you are driving through a forest. ( Though you wont be looking at the scenery).Get ready for some high speed, high intensity action in the newest version of DiRT, and be fully immersed in the scenery/surrounding environments.Expect Updates at the moment, as this game is early access, and stuff may yet change, but 11/10 loved it, would recommend."
,Recommended,310560,15618046,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,barricaspt,Was not expecting this kind of gameplay to show up in the DiRT series.Really loved the nostalgic feel.. oh man this is exactly what I remember from the old rally games.Great considering it is early access.
76561197960969850,Recommended,310560,17034186,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Agony,Best rally game by Far
,Recommended,310560,15589659,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Snowins,"Best race game in a long LONG TIME, So happy with this game!The eargams with Peugeot 205 T16!!!!"
,Recommended,310560,15594662,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,fissionproject,"Well, a few things are clear:1. I suck at this game2. Drink a few beers - still suck at this game3. Drink more beer - Now I'm getting frustrated and rushing the sectors - I <3 it and yep...still suck...4. 2nd place - Yes!!! Getting better - Momentarily doing ok, but overall....still suck at the gameNevermind that nonsense - This game is great. Realistic physics - superb graphics and audio - still a few minor bugs to work out right now but the Devs know what's up. If you loved the earlier DiRT series - ♥♥♥♥ all of that. This is on a whole new level and one might even say this is the next RBR? YepBuy it - Join the madness that is DiRT Rally."
,Recommended,310560,15595713,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,poslamas,"Dirt Rally is nothing short of Amazing!They've listened to every word the fans have said and have began building a real rally game to demolish all others. The graphics are beautiful, the cars handle like a dream and the shere detail thrown into the game, really shows how codemasters are back and want to redeem themselfs from some recent disapointing releases.Thank you codies. This is a new favourite of mine and its only just begun."
,Recommended,310560,15672880,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Mei~,"Much better than expected, especially compared to the usual abysmally low Early Access games out there. It plays quite well, feels a lot reminiscent to DiRT/GRiD but that's not neccesarily a bad thing and it is more sim than both of those titles."
76561197984284331,Recommended,310560,15676739,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,BuLLsEyE,"It's time to get dirty. Absolutely ""GG"""
76561198101717622,Recommended,310560,15674963,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,jjuma8155,Awesome game. If you loved dirt 3 without all the drift/gymkahna stuff this is the game for you.
,Recommended,310560,15675709,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Taterisstig,"This game is amaing, it feels so realistic and fluid.I forgot I was playing a DiRT game for a second because it is complely different from 3 and I love itI actually found it more realizstic that WRC was, which is suprising considering that game is the officail rally game.Its also hard too, the tuning is unforgiving if you change something not suitable for the condidtion, there is no visual only damage, only full on damage, ai is tough. Overall, would totally recommend"
76561198013898901,Recommended,310560,15662937,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,PMP_ViOLeNcE,Absolutely the best rally game ever made.  Anyone that disagrees needs to stay with playing need for speed.  Thansk you Codemasters... any real sim racer needs this game.  You all have delivered.  Thanks and if you're considering buying this.  Just do it.   You will not regret the purchase.
,Recommended,310560,15648959,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,jgatlabayan,Colin Mcrae and Richard Burns would be proud of this game.
,Recommended,310560,15717021,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,★*•.✩Millenna✩.•*★,"Finally colin is Back ;)Do you remenber colin mcrae rally ? yes ?well dirt ""4"" rally is the new one, this dirt as nothing to do with previous dirt (1.2.3) this game is more a revival of colin, back to basic's if you prefer, i have only play 2h when i write this review and the game is still in early acces but i love it.it's exactly the same as previous colin mcrae you need to be carefull during special because if you broke something you need to repair but you have limited time to do so and more damage need more time so......i don't want to write hundred of line or explain everything about the game, the only thing i can tell you is if you have enjoy old colin mcrae rally you gonna love this one.also i'm playing with T500RS + shifter and it work like a charm."
76561198029980526,Recommended,310560,15626521,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Charter Internet is Garbage,This is a rally good one.
,Recommended,310560,15626943,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Pepyri,"The best feeling in the world is falling down a mountain at 70 miles an hour in a bucket beat to♥♥♥♥♥♥while your new best friend tells you which way to lean so you don't die.DiRT Rally is about that. It's incredibly fast, frantic, and better conveys the feeling of you, your car, and your co-driver being on the utter edge than anything I've felt from a racing game before. With a competent sim engine, smart gameplay mechanics, and well-designed environments and stages, this would've already been fantastic. Add to that additional content coming as it goes through early access, a fantastically designed online community system, and player-created leagues, and this might be the best racing experience one can have right now.Bloody brilliant."
,Recommended,310560,15588969,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ItsJimJams,"There's really not much to say, it is what it tries to be and it executes it beautifully and fantastically well. This is what I wanted the DiRT series to be and FINALLY we've got it. And there's a surprising amount of content in for being an early access product, as well as a surprisingly stable and, so far, bug free experience.Codemasters have finally gone back to their roots, and I love it."
,Recommended,310560,16245619,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DuBerZ,For me this is the Dark Souls of racing games and Dark Souls is my favorite game ever. You get the same sense of satisfaction from nailing a perfect hairpin turn as you do from killing a difficult boss in Dark Souls after 10 tries.
76561198040196506,Recommended,310560,15830123,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,FastLane_,"This game is so awesome, it feels so right once you got the FFB dialed in! When you drive, you do not want to push it to the limit, because before you know the word of it, there is a rock in the side of the road, just waiting for you to hit it so it messes your alignment up. After what I understand, you can get all sorts of trouble like, turbo failure, pillar failure, etc etc. This game aims for realism, which is awesome and unlike the other games in the current DiRT genre. But it is an Early Access game, so there is a few things I would love Codemasters to add, one of them is the possibility  to use a clutch combined with the sequential gearing. Another thing that I would like is the option to change a tire if a puncture occurs. But other than that, the game has a ton of potential and I am really looking forward to see what the final version will be like. And another thing worth mentioning, there will be a hill-climb mode which I know I am super excited about, as Pikes Peak will be included."
76561198000463841,Recommended,310560,15747298,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,m4d_MUL3,"Back to the Roots!!! I like this Game...its so hard to master every single stage. Great physics, graphics, sounds, models...I love this game!!!"
,Recommended,310560,18868424,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,elMaxx!,"Unforgiving, dangerous, dusty, muddy and freaking fast. And i haven't done any races with cars older than the 1960s. It'll frustrate you, it'll make you celebrate the finish of a stage, it'll make you consider finishing the race with 3 wheels gone, will it pay off in the end? try the game and find out."
,Recommended,310560,18934237,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Safari Ken,"This is the best driving game on PC right now. It's much more challenging than older DiRT games. The handling is difficult and amazing, making it very satisfying when you make a great run. There's a steep learning curve if you're using a controller (it's similar to Assetto Corsa with a controller), but once you get the hang of it, you won't want to go back to more arcadey driving games (such as earlier DiRT games).It runs great on reasonable hardware, looks terrific, and sounds even better. Plus it's getting better all the time, with new content. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,310560,17587415,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Bobby Rotten,very very very very very very gud
76561198025400891,Recommended,310560,15598334,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ZX_Master,"Yes! Just YES!!Feels so good to have a proper rally game to play again. For an early access game this is seriously impressive! Realistic handling, proper damage simulation, no flashbacks, multiple stage rallies with some really tough opponents... It really is fantastic and worth every single dollar of the asking price! I have played all the Dirt games and while they were enjoyable, they were just too easy to drive like a maniac but still win.This is the game I have been waiting for for almost 10 years, and man what a game it is turning out to be!!If you are a proper sim racing fan, and moreso a real rally fanatic, you HAVE TO BUY THIS GAME!!"
76561198041499993,Recommended,310560,15593058,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,FRITO,"So far so good.  Looks like the priorities are straight on with this title.  I can't wait for the little bugs to be worked out but the ""no co driver"" bug is not big deal as the rest of the game so far runs well.  It looks good, the cars feel pretty good on the surfaces.  For early access it is pretty solid."
,Recommended,310560,16026235,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,puluminati,"A great racing (simulation) game. The graphics are not mind blowing but still very good, when you see the dust a few hundred meters behind you or the water splash driving through the muddy Wales. The Sound is amazing especially the historic cars sound like beasts. Sitting at the start with the Audi Quattro and the Stratos or the newly added Hillclimb cars, it's just an epic feeling listening to that monster sound. The Stages feel like real Rally stages and look quite similar to the real-life models. The handling feels alright, even tho it can still be twitched a bit along with the FFB.Even tho it says Early Access, DiRT Rally feels more like a finished game that hasn't too much content at the moment. But there is a lot of content to come, next month there will be a German rally stage that puts you on a full tarmac course, and then later the summer Codemasters will add the biggest action motorsports has to show, with rallycross, to the game. Along with other content (also cars), there's no doubt that this can be the greatest rally game since and for a long time.""If in doubt, flat out"" - Colin McRea ;)"
76561197964503148,Recommended,310560,16195651,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,MaximusPrime,"Amazing. I don't write reviews for games, because . . .  i just don't. I read other reviews and I don't bother to add my voice to the chorus. But I feel inspired with DIRT RALLY because it is just . . . great. It's the rally game I always wanted. It's tough, but you feel progress as you become a better driver. It's freakin' gorgeous - just try and make your way across the hills of Wales on a wet, rainy afternoon and not look at the cliffs and trees off in the distance. It doesn't replace DIRT 3, which is a great arcade driver, but sits along side it in my collection as two of my most played games.I can't believe this is ""early access."" If you like driving games, and you must if you are reading this and considering purchasing DIRT RALLY, do it. You won't be disappointed (just remember the value of practice)."
,Recommended,310560,15691497,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ri7tua1z23,"ahhh, thank you codemasters.  finally a rally based game with some great realism. gameplay: stellar. graphics: stellar. my driving: less than stellar. lol.  terminal damage. :)  this is great, and i can't wait to watch it grow as the devs finish crafting this masterpiece.  if you wanted rally, you got it, and you got it good.  no more x games sneer, no more ridiculous stunt driving, this is all rally. i love it."
,Recommended,310560,19009671,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,MrDean,"I really enjoy playing this game, it is amazing!"
,Recommended,310560,18765947,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,JarAxe,"If you're after a racing game like Dirt 3 or NFS, don't buy this game!If you're after a realistic rally simulator, buy this game!Definitely one of my favorite car games. Ever."
,Recommended,310560,32958175,Posted: 28 June,all,Ste,Rally simulation at its best!
76561198083704814,Recommended,310560,28652300,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,emboli,Recommended for those who like driving games.It was not for me as I am not into these types of games.I will give it a thumbs up though as it i can see many people loving this game
76561198097887522,Recommended,310560,33100528,Posted: 1 July,all,Mac Tonight,Fantastic game! Really super! Great realism. One thing I will say is make sure you get a controller for it as it makes it so much more easier to play and is more rewarding. Content wise it has plenty of cars maps and events so you wont get bored. Takes a but of practice but its well worth the hours you put in. Ignore all the idiots who think its too hard. Probably the most rewarding game you will play if you put the hours in! 10/10 would complete my first stage without crashing again!
,Recommended,310560,32875070,Posted: 27 June,all,lol,oversteer simulator
,Recommended,310560,28065547,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MaKrO,awesome game! realistic and challenging.
,Recommended,310560,32991164,Posted: 29 June,all,Evil Ghost,"First impression: I hate this game.. I've spend more than two hours since I bought it and I  cannot even win the first race.The physics are so realistic and the car response is so good it makes the driving experience very hard to master. I guess that is what you look for in a simulator.Best car simulator ever, I will also buy dirt 4. The graphics must be even better than this one.100% Recommended for any car enthusiast!!"
,Recommended,310560,22523580,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,zip.plummer,A perfect 5/7...
76561198108188389,Recommended,310560,33018394,Posted: 29 June,all,HashE,Buy Dirt RallyPlay Eurobeat in the background???Profit
,Recommended,310560,23487689,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,m1Z3LL,"30 seconds in and i can already tell the attention to detail on the vehicle handling is so amazing that this is the greatest game i have ever played. Totally Amazing, could stay lost on the trails in the woods all day."
,Recommended,310560,33135649,Posted: 2 July,all,David T.,"I have never hit the restart button so much in a game . I'm coming at you Sebastien Loeb, watch out #pikespeak  9.7/10"
76561198002225451,Recommended,310560,23513637,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,markwebb77,"Buyers should be aware of a couple of significant cons.If, like me, you were hoping that Codemasters got rid of the centre pivot physics/handling of the Colin McRae series then you may be disappointed as I was to discover that it is still here!The cars in Dirt Rally pivot around a centre axis which results in the vehicles ""swingin' back and forth unnaturally. Now, to be fair, they have reduced this effect quite a bit compared to past games but is still very much a part of the physics and it  detracts from the otherwise excellent handling and realistic movement of the vehicles.Another problem is that the cars do not roll freely.What I mean is that even in neutral gear the cars will roll for a short distance before a sort of automatic brake kicks in. This is similiar to what is in the Forza series for example. As a comparison, in Project Cars and the Gran Turismo series there is no such invisible brake and unless you brake yourself the cars will roll freely back and forth based solely on the grade of the track or terrain.The main problem with Dirt Rally, however, is the centre point pivot which really messes up the handling at times.However, the physics are generally very good over all, there is a lot of subtly to the handling and the cars have a tremendous sense of weight and momentum. This is really the best rally driving game you can buy right now."
76561198123714839,Recommended,310560,30805943,Posted: 28 March,all,Holy Reinehr,left foot braking simulator...
,Recommended,310560,15730066,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,FLUFFYxPANDA,"Nearly jumped out of my seat, rubbed jelly on my chest and spanked like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cow girl and threw my controller upon seeing such a beautiful thing! Never thought I would be so happy about getting 2nd place in a championship race. As I raced across the gravel kicking it up rocks and dirt at high speeds and cornering faster than I should of with a few love taps to the edges of death on the gravel/dirt roads, I managed to hold on with my pal Dave in the passenger seat. Me and Dave met at a party about 4 months ago and as soon as we glazed at one another we immediately knew we were meant for greatness. at first it was sorta ruff and couldn't catch a break, but that all changed on this day when everything would go right. We were both sweating in fear and adrenaline as we drifted on the narrow corners with our rear tires right on the edge of the cliff knowing if we fell off, it would be our deaths. The time was on the rise but we were doing good as we came to the final stretch we were overpowered by excitement of the finish line that we were going even faster which cause us to fishtail a little, but due to our tremendous love for one another and the road, the fishtail was no match for us and once we passed the finish line we glazed into each others lovely eyes and began to hug each other like it was our last.And this is the story about how I was able to please the great gods of Asgoth!"
,Recommended,310560,32677076,Posted: 23 June,all,Neon City,Tough as nails still had the best time of my life10/10 would play again.
76561197971248378,Recommended,310560,26936365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Snipe3000,Best rally game to date.
,Recommended,310560,33239768,Posted: 4 July,all,NastyBogging,Great sim racing game.
,Recommended,310560,20529623,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Die Ringeltaube@flatearthler,"tl;dr:Only full throttle, 70% of the time in air, flying with 100km/h through a finnish forest in my mini cooper.8/10 would fly again with british airlines.Honest Opinion:At first it's very challenging and you need to get used to it. But after a few minutes of gameplay i found out that this game isn't really a sim (anymore?).I've seen a few gameplays from early access and most people said it was a sim, but it does feel a lot more like a simcade, thus it can be played with a normal controller, but a proper FFB wheel is recommended for maximum fun.Nonetheless it's pure fun as said before, flying through a finnish forest in a mini cooper, redlining it all the way in 4th gear.Also the graphics aren't that ultra high quality but that doesn't bother me much IMO, sounds are great and physics need to get used to at first but is really fun if you get the hang on it. And still it's very challenging. Plenty of cars and tracks to have fun on, so replayability is also great (even though i haven't had it for long now, but you'll never drive one track the same over and over again!). Carreer mode is good and will probably take time for me to get through.All in all:If you just want fun, maybe buy it in a sale or something for a little less. If you want a pure sim on the other hand, and come from games like Netkar Pro, Assetto Corsa etc., don't buy it. Best thing would be to try it via family sharing from a friend and see yourself if it's worth the price and if you like it."
,Recommended,310560,26967279,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,My Car Is Slow,"Intense Rally racing game, fun with controller or racing wheel.limited selection of cars and no customization other than tuning and livery.Still super fun and challenging to playRemember: Don't cut."
76561198025699900,Recommended,310560,33322231,Posted: 6 July,all,Andrei Vajgel,"First of all, thanks Codemasters. This game is a masterpiece. It is one of a kind. You only play games like this a few times in your life and they are remembered forever.But, before you buy it, let me say one thing: Dirt Rally is not for casual players. It is not the kind of game that you win the first race. Actually, I can say that you will problably crash the car in the first closed turn.You have to play it for some hours to get used to its realistic physics. Then, you will understand that cars need to be improved in order to be competitive. And a good crew helps a lot in this task. After more hours of practice, you will start to win your first stages. Finally, you will eventually win you first event. But it is not the end, there are a lot of cars to test, five leagues to play, rally, hillclimb, rallycross and car's setups.As you advance in the leagues, the AI becomes more and more merciless. Try to win a stage in masters. Only a few will succeed. After hundreds of tries, you will find out that no matter how good are your skills, you still need a good setup to win.All of the time spent will be rewarding. It will be noticeable how your driving skills will improve. In the end, those who survive this journey will want more.I have more than 100 hours played and I am not even close to 100%.If you are a race simulator fan, do yourself a favor and enjoy this game. You won't regret.Best regards!"
76561198041997400,Recommended,310560,27608433,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ace McStone,"I've played a lot of racing games, from arcade to sims, and this by far feels the best in terms of physics. Don't be confused, this game will rip your heart out and stomp on it, then stick it back inside your feeble corpse and convince you it won't hurt you again...then of course it does, with one ill-timed throttle increase and a bump that sends you spinning wildly into a tree. But if you can survive the steep learning curve, you will be rewarded with the best feeling rally game ever made. From the authentic experience of a co-driver giving you turn-by-turn instructions in your ear, to carefully crafted courses, this is a beautiful game which should be enjoyed by any racing enthusiast."
,Recommended,310560,19564000,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Skougz,"Makes you wonder why they bothered making what passed for the DiRT series the last few years.  This is what they should have been making the whole time!  Fantastic return to form - and not a Ken Block or Gymkhana in sight!This was also the best early access experience I have had the pleasure of being a part of, by a long way.Cannot recommend enough - 10/10"
76561198016938555,Recommended,310560,20392078,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Boss-Coffee,"Good game, Neat Graphics and tight controls."
,Recommended,310560,20392394,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Souper,So ♥♥♥♥ing hard. But so rewarding. If you ever liked a racing game or are interested in Rally I would pick this up.
76561197998714534,Recommended,310560,20305629,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,barbapoil,"Some good and some bad, but overall a very satisfying rally experience. Not as hardcore as RBR, but something new for a change and very enjoyable none the less. Hopefully they will add content and fix some of the annoying flaws and omissions and improve the surfaces behaviours of the Monte-Carlo, just making it a better game."
,Recommended,310560,18724924,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Se7en,what a sound. so mad game ! Thanks codemasters for this !!!i have a bigest smile ever when i playing this  :D
,Recommended,310560,20338524,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,usurp,"A rewarding experience all round. This game can be tough to begin with but if you put the hours in you'll find yourself enjoying it more and more. Remember, driving clean is what it's all about. I would, however, recommend first purchasing a steering wheel/controller to really get the most out of this game. Practice makes perfect!"
,Recommended,310560,19593893,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Hugh Jaskoc,"The game is great if you don't need to tab out of it every so often to check things. Then it puts the game in a custom windowed mode that makes your refresh rate drop that you'll get dropped from lobbies before you get a chance to see anything change on menu.Other than that if you can make sure you do everything else besides game on a separate rig, you're fine. I'd recommend this game to anyone. Its a blast to rally with your friends!"
76561198015693653,Recommended,310560,19558580,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,[TBG] sPAZz,Last thing to be added for perfection? Saved Replays. After all the blood sweat and tears it would be nice to sit in the motorhome and watch how you barely survived a stage on the ragged edge. Perty Please?!
76561198021790562,Recommended,310560,19572989,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,B3nny Grillz,"Been waiting for a good Rally Game Dirt ticks all the Box's, its improved with every update as l have played from the beginning when it was released as Dirt Rally Early Access.A joypad is ok but to get the best out of this game a steering wheel is a must, l use a DFGT steering wheel a few tweaks in Device set up and its spot on.Well done Codemasters Dirt Rally is a must buy."
,Recommended,310560,19581445,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dread,"Yes, yes, yes, yes, YES.  I came second in an event and it's the proudest day of my 30 year pc racing career.Thank you codies, faith restored massively in you.I am yet to find a g27 setup I am really settled with but fantastic Rally game.  So brutal, one tiny mistake and bam kiss goodbye to 20 seconds on the leader like it should be.Update: I have found  a g27 setup I am liking....the game is still brutal and loving it...  Nothing like coming second in an event to then go over a cliff in the last stage to kiss it all  goodbye.This is the Dark Souls of racing....Bring it on."
,Recommended,310560,16866872,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,hey its me ur guy,sliding around at the speed of sound
76561197967196305,Recommended,310560,17704649,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Serrasalmus,"if u want easy dont get this game, its hard and unforgiving but damn its good....."
76561198009157103,Recommended,310560,19942092,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,madwolf_uk,"been playing this a couple of hours now...  Reminds me of the days of Colin McRae Rally just much much better.  Still getting to grips with my new G920 as well so  may have to update this later.  Certainly so far everything feels pretty much how you would expect, looks and sounds great, had one minor crash issue but think thats me fiddling with Logitech software rather than the game."
76561198251107568,Recommended,310560,25209973,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,subtyper,"This game is about the closest you will get to actually sityting in a rally car and competing in the stages, INfact its more a simulation than a game but it does require a high spec machine to use itrs full features"
,Recommended,310560,20747475,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,str0nkberG *1&1,"This game is awesome. The number of locations and stages may seem a bit low, but you can drive them again and again with all the many different cars and it just doesn't get boring."
,Recommended,310560,16097008,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,LiamMichaelBishop,The most brilliant yet frustrating game you'll ever play!11/10
,Recommended,310560,20776121,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,RickSanchez,"Normally I love playing F1 more than rally. This game is so real that it is amazing to play. It feels very real on the all surfaces. I can feel almost any little bump on the road. If you have a wheel to play, It is worth it to buy but If you don't have you should play Underground 2 (Playing with Logitech gt driving force)"
76561198037323576,Recommended,310560,23970085,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Cel. Fábio,"Quick review: The game looks good, runs good and I kinda liked and disliked to what Codemasters did to the difficulty as it keeps getting harder each time you progress in the game, altough if you want a more casual DiRT title I wouldn't recommend DiRT Rally but instead DiRT 3 or Showdown as they are a bit more casual, but if you're really into rally games I would definitely recommend it."
76561197981562924,Recommended,310560,20262399,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lasergod,This is the most fun I've had playing any racing game since the original Dirt!!
,Recommended,310560,19664760,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,pedrohn1,"Do you enjoy racing adrenaline? If so, then buy this game now!I could easily say that this is the best rally experience you will ever have."
,Recommended,310560,15638173,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,[HnRC] Smeg Head,"This game is a shining example of what early access should look like, plays very well, smooth frame rates, no noticable glitches. The only complaint is the handbrake on the mini cooper, though that could also be my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ driving. 10/10 Would crash my car again. (except in campaign where you will regret paying those repair bills)"
76561197981977382,Recommended,310560,24365340,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ppo_L,Words cannot describe how immersive VR is with a wheel in dirt. The best I can do is to say that each car feels like a musical instrament and each track is a song.
76561198016521543,Recommended,310560,19426084,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Spectre,"I played Colin McRae Rally since the first part, I played in several games of the WRC. And I can say - this is truly the best rally sim!FIA should give the license to Codemasters."
76561198106141358,Recommended,310560,16623886,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gnarzi,"This game is such a game changer for rally games I don't even know where to start.Graphics; If you have played DiRT 3, you will notice a distinct difference to begin with, but I found that actually it makes DiRT 3 look less realistic than I thought it was, this game looks real - if you have enough time to look at the scenery that is.Gameplay; This game is not for the arcade racer. There are plenty of assists, but I always pride myself on turning them all off. I did so for DiRT 3 and was still finding it quite easy. In this game the cars have real traction issues, grip is not consistent on surfaces and cars twitch at speed, much like real life. On gravel and snow with 0 ABS you have to use engine braking to burn speed coupled with braking otherwise you lock up and goodbye to your stage time. The tracks are long and different, even at alpha stage. It takes some time to get used to, but it is the first time I have geniunely smiled from ear to ear after coming second in a stage even though I was 10 seconds off the top spot.AI; The AI aren't super difficult, and they have bad runs sometimes, which keeps it interesting. The co driver is excellent and you have to really concentrate, but it pays off and is much more specific than DiRT 3.Audio; The cars sound raw, the sounds of the track help you decide how to tackle corners with changes in gravel density and ice patches. The co driver sounds shaky, as if he were in a rally car and gets nervous in places as his pace notes speed up.There aren't millions of cars, or hundreds of tracks but it doesn't matter. I use an Xbox 360 controller and I would say you should at least have one or a wheel for this but it is so worth it. I used to play Colin McRae Rally on PC and PS1 so much and DiRT 3 didn't feel like those games. This game goes back to what it is all aboutl; Serious Rallying.God I love this game and Codemasters. <3"
,Recommended,310560,20242363,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kyle,"Absolutely amazing graphics, gameplay, and realism. Best rally game of all time, a lot better than DIRT 3."
,Recommended,310560,23550436,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,-Gemini-,"Finally codemasters returns to the roots of what made them great.  For those of us who were a little dissapointed with the arcadey style they started to follow this one takes us all back to a more realistic rally game that a lot of us really love.Every corner matters, every bump can send you offbalance and if you are not paying attension you will crash. Choosing when to push the car to the hair raising limit and when to hold back makes all the difference.10/10 Best rally game to come out in a long long time. I've only played a few hours @ the time of writing this but i'm sure i'll be putting a lot more time in when I get a chance."
76561198034162437,Recommended,310560,23700924,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Reverend,"Hands down the best rally game out today, probably of all time. It forced me against my will (at least that's what I told the wife) to buy  a modern racing wheeel. When I am at work I am constantly thinking of ways to shave off one tenth of a second on corners.You will lose constantly. Don't expect to win races in this game/sim, just try to go faster and have fun. And you will have fun!"
76561198137500688,Recommended,310560,23519131,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Drag4k,"After first 2 hours of game play i was wondering, ""what's with the difficulty?!"" Difficulty at first felt really brutal and i kept losing and losing and the time gap just kept growing but i decided to keep trying and eventually i started winning championships, which brings the difficulty up for the next championship. Current trend for game difficulties seems to be very casual so i have got bored with many games so i really appreciate this system where i have to get gradually better until i start winning and at that point game reacts and increases the difficulty automatically so it keeps me alert and keeps the game challenging. This difficulty also means that this game is not for casual friday nights with few beers because of the concentration that is required to play the game, though we can always argue about this depending of how good the player is with driving games and which type of peripherals are used to play. (Game pad or proper steering wheel with pedals and so on...)I've been playing with xbox 360 controller and i've had all the assists off except automatic gear change. Because of the realistic car handling and so on i think a proper steering wheel and pedals would do more justice to the game simply because real rally cars aren't driven using xbox360 controllers not to mention using clutch and chaning gears on a controller, which feels a bit ridiculous. Game pad can be customised in game to be more or less sensitive to meet your preferation.After all this has been a very good game and good change after playing all these RPGs with swords and shields. Money well spent."
,Recommended,310560,23500733,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,al,"One of the most rewarding racing games I've ever played. They dynamics and physics of the cars is intuitive. Nothing beats driving round corners at 100mph side ways. You think you're fast until you move up a division, then the driving gets insane and the crashes get nuts. 10/10."
76561197988026411,Recommended,310560,23500757,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,m00n,Actually the best available Rally game.It require patience and skills.You gonna sweat.
,Recommended,310560,19114726,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Flawwoo,"Rally as it always should have been. Codemasters shows yet again who the masters of Rally are. This game is as unforgiving as it is rewarding, and it's an absolute thrill to experience!"
76561198028206915,Recommended,310560,15653804,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,zhangsama,"Best racing game I've played in 2015,best rally game since 2007.When Codemaster launched Colin McRae: Dirt in 2007,I didn't feel so happy.I just wanted a pure RALLY game,but not a collection of cars run in dirt.Later,the Dirt2 and Dirt3,I think is good game,but no longer gave me the feeling that colin mcrae rally could give me.Showdown?Is a need-for-speed-like game.So when I found that Codemaster launched DiRT Rally,I just can't stop loging in Steam and buying it,it's a game I've waiting so long."
,Recommended,310560,23382841,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,kawirider276,"So hard, so real, just pure Intesity,  My time on the track has been short but I have some serious work ahead of me, What a fantastic racing game thusfar!"
,Recommended,310560,15798396,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,SubaruWolfWRX,"This game is absolutely amazing, if your on the fence about getting it, I highly recommend you get off that fence and buy this game! I can't wait to see what'll happen in the future and I want to wish Codemasters the best of luck with this absolutely brilliant game!"
,Recommended,310560,23534156,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,DeGeNeRo,"unfortunately there is no ""neutral"" score for reviews on Steam.I am giving a good one because it´s a good game, but i cannot suggest everyone to buy this game. it´s an awesome rally game, but it is NOT for everyone (me included - i made a couple of races, and asked for a refund).Frustration in this game is at ""Dark Souls"" level. It´s a simulation, and Rally simulations are incredibly hard.Assetto Corsa is also a hardcore Simulation, but you can still drive pretty ok because you are on asphalt, which makes a huge difference.So if you are a big fan and you don´t mind getting frustrated after the first race, go for it. Nice graphics, nice phisics, nice everything.If you liked the old Dirt games, absolutely do not buy this game. You will not like it at all and you will write bad reviews, that this game does not deserve.I warn you once again: this game is hard and it is not like the old Dirt games."
,Recommended,310560,16840667,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,CaptButtbeard,"*fails a perfect run at the last corner**throws steering wheel out the window*Great game.Edit: In all seriousness, it's the best racing game I've played in years."
,Recommended,310560,19571423,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ExtremelyLoudNinja,"This is the top rally game at the minute, and is great fun. Well done Codemasters."
76561197960431868,Recommended,310560,17035215,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Hasombra,"Buy it, then hate it and then love it. 5/5 Stars"
76561198258945996,Recommended,310560,19813279,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,yourpoodlebobthefish,"such hard, much reward"
76561198248564986,Recommended,310560,21945308,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,bhavipanchal,"Dirt rally is the first game on steam which I bought in early access and i was not disappointed. Each car has its own feeling to it and even with assist on, that feeling does not go away. Locations for rallies are also wonderful and realistic.As dirt rally is off road simulation, sometime it is bit frustrating as the gameplay is unforgiving. you loose concentration for a split second and you'll pay for that mistake dearly. Not the game to play, if you are looking for casual sunday morning ""relaxing"" game play. But such engaged gameplay is the reason you would want to play this again and again and try to improve each corners and cuts.On my budget gaming rig graphics also look stunning and also it is playing on pc controller. All in all, great value for money.Codemasters are going to have tough time beating their own game in future releases.My recommendation : Essential buy"
76561198008592829,Recommended,310560,16836599,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Creiz,Def a step forward from the old Dirt games. This is REAL rally!
76561198039972201,Recommended,310560,21944274,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ßℓ●●Ɑᵶ,10/10 one of the best games i've played
76561198009061800,Recommended,310560,23386165,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,kickass,"Extremely difficult but extremely rewarding, with some stunning graphics to boot."
76561198040898978,Recommended,310560,21209991,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Horseez,"Way more challanging than the 'Dirt' serie... one mistake and there's no chance for good position, sometimes I had to restart the race ~40 times (I dislike the second place :P). Very good choice for rally maniacs!"
76561198144294889,Recommended,310560,21378825,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,[MAFIA]  COD Father,by far the best race game ever made and i dont mean type of racing but in quality of realism and functionality. amazing game! 5 stars!!!!!
,Recommended,310560,21934849,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,B3aT,"Pretty much the only Rally PC game that you should buy.It has lots of helpers (easy mode/settings/auto features) for beginners, but if you turn them all off it transforms to a Rally Simulator.The name serve it well, is more a Colin Mcrae 4 then a dirt X game, it has nothing arcade in it. It has real physics, models, races and weather conditions.As for gameplay has a nice learning curve and tons of game mods.Content - it has it all, you buy at least a few hundred hours until you are confortable with all races on at least 1-2 car groups."
76561198143289407,Recommended,310560,19828445,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Muz2006p,Love this rally game defo one of the best since Colin McRae Rally been waiting for a decent one since then Dirt series has nowt on this its very difficult and defo a challenge to any racing fan mistakes will be punished :) and no flashbacks defo A++
76561198283201396,Recommended,310560,21214443,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Drowsy Emperor,"make sure to go to thrustmaster site and install latest drivers, had to then wheel worked fine, bloody hard but good game"
76561198033248173,Recommended,310560,21220018,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,bounsJDM,best game ever
,Recommended,310560,21404489,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Alex,"Hard to learn, hard to master. Just really ♥♥♥♥ing difficult. Satisfying when you get the hang of it."
76561198133030255,Recommended,310560,21084148,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ma_rk_us90,The best rally game ever made!!
,Recommended,310560,21096251,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,airbear,"The folks behind DiRT have really done a great job with this title - this game has significantly more depth than their previous titles, without sacrificing excitement."
,Recommended,310560,21437928,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,[SiN]Doc Omally(Pylon),-It gives a great feelling of being a professional rally driver.-Works GREAT! with a steam controller.-Audio is amazing.-Love the real world tacks.
76561197990094197,Recommended,310560,19830539,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,crashtestpro830,"Finally, something that can overtake Richard Burns Rally."
76561198125235886,Recommended,310560,15662686,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,benybongo,"Looks & feels good at this stage. Will it get better, wait & see.."
,Recommended,310560,15668234,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Skyrk,"This is the game I've been waiting for, This is what I've always imagined as ''Forza Rally''. There's just no flaws really and its only Alpha, Graphics and enviorments are AMAZING aswell as the car physics. It's unforgiving and hardcore, after my first event I recieved a penalty instead of reward for being so sloppy which is AMAZING. Lets not forget the sound, guess what? its AMAZING. If you're having second thoughts about this game, DON'T! This is the best rally game to be released ever, BUY BUY BUY. +++Cred to Codemasters!"
,Recommended,310560,26804496,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Long Autistic Gay DIldo,"I used to play Colin McRae Rally on the Playstation 1 when I was a kid and playing this game keeps reminding me of it.It's very strict and punishes you for driving ""recklessly"", time penality for driving into people or flying too far off the road. Car gets totalled easily too if you don't watch out.I give it 9/10, needs more Subarus...."
,Recommended,310560,15684854,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,YamA,Cant get the game started :D---------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE:I can now run the game well its not really a game its a full on sim lol This Sim is focuesd only on Rally and is Really fun This is really hard so if you were an expert on dirt 3 or WRC 4 Youre wrong just like me This is a lot diffrent the cars feel diffrent Also if you are like me and played the Colin mcrae rally games this sim feels like the games cars are hard to get there is not restarts if your car is broken to a state were you cant even start the car then you HAVE TO RETAIRE._________________________________________UPDATE:Steam Trading cards SWEEET I am a lover of the cards :D_________________________________________Note:English isnt my first language i will make this review into a full review soon i just need more time with the game before i can say more
,Recommended,310560,15616350,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,flowm0tion,"I'm in me mums car, vroom vroom."
76561198060083024,Recommended,310560,15679658,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Muckalucka,"IF YOU LIKE RALLY EVEN A LITTLE bit... BUY THIS GAME!This Dirt game is diffrent then 2 and 3. It droped the gymkhana (sorry for spelling) and focuses on the world of rally.This game is still in early access and with what is here pre hillclimb and any thing other then just time rally runs i already feel like my 31 bucks was worth it. i would have easily been satifed with paying 50 -60 for this in its current state, knowing that some things will be fine tuned and added.I dont feel like this is a normal dirt ""game"" i feel like this is a rally simulator a thousands times more then the original dirt. why? Because the terrain and weather make it feel like your actually on a gravel road or that snowy, icy tarmac mountain side that you might fall off around that next hairpin that you pulled the ebrake to early on. point is this makes me feel like im in a rally car cruising down some dusty windy road going way to fast.PROS (just the big ones)CLUTCH and H-SHIFT PATTERN SUPPORT FOR G27most wheels you can at least use gas , brakes and steering until support(or go buy a g27 like me cause you had to much fun with a thrustmaster and wanted to go all out)TIMED LAUNCHyou have to hold ee brake and floor it for best possible launch. too early you get docked -10 secDAMAGE and TEAM MANAGEMENTso you have at least 4 stages to get your car in one piece. between each race you can do repairs for time. with money earned from races you can get better team members and your repairing becomes more efficent.GRAPHICSTHEY ARE GORGEOUS at least as good as forza next gens, if not better.CO-DRIVERi had no clue exactly whathe was shouting but you will know what a left 2 dont cut is when you see it and understand so you can focus on what is coming up next. you can also make him shout it out earlier or later if the default timing is off to you. it really depends on how fast your taking it.CONSnot all wheels supportedearly accessno hill climb yetdamage is a lil to strong. car should get totaled if you go 80 into a wall. hope the y add a damge slider."
,Recommended,310560,15750358,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Menumorut,"Codemasters made me fall in love with rally early in my childhood due to Colin McRae Rally 2 and 3.Now it has come to surprise us all with the early acces of Dirt Rally, a release with very good potential, and most certainly a very good startThe graphics are impresive, the sounds arn't even worth mentioning, if you play with headphones...you are thereThe driving model is very good and chalenging, still retaining some accesability, but much more close to a sim than an arcade if you turn all the asist off, every mistake will count and the tracks are unforgiving for that. It still isnt Richard Burns rally in terms of handling difficulty but it is there.This could very well be the Rally game that all of us have been waiting for.A very pleasant surprinse, well done Codemasters you brought my childhood back :DThis time show us you do care and make history."
76561198019719221,Recommended,310560,16105718,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Hosenfuhrer,"First stage ever in the game in a front wheel drive Lancia Fulvia, first corner, understeer off the track into doom.10/10 would drive off the cliff again."
,Recommended,310560,16037170,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,habix,A+
76561198164990703,Recommended,310560,16474850,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Avril Lavigne VIP Experience,Just played for 45 min and already love this game. 10/10 worth it..if you like rally motorsport....
76561198102114111,Recommended,310560,16478823,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RARA,"""Six Right and then Six left 80..."" then suddenly I clipped small rock ""Damnnnnnnnnnn, dammit dammitt there's a tree!!"" I forced my steering to opposite side and then 'dang-dang-dangg' my cars rolled :( so there's no room for mistake(s) guys :')"
,Recommended,310560,15619633,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Impending Doom,"Difficulty cranked to 11. As a long time fan of the DiRT series, this game caught me off-gaurd in all the best ways.Incredibly unforgiving, realistic driving, no race trail. This game is no longer about speed as much as it is learning the call-outs, setting up your vehicle, and starting from the bottom up.I will admit the grind seems very daunting at the moment, and in early access it'll get tedious, but it'll be well worth it I'm sure.Glorious game. DiRT Rally brings rally racing back to its roots, and I'm excited for every turn."
76561197967952793,Recommended,310560,16323401,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Melhizoo,Solid rally game.
,Recommended,310560,25788251,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ivory Smith,so hard
76561198046483088,Recommended,310560,25792151,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Darkknight5013,"Great game, but kept crashing for some reason. Got refund because I feel it wasn't worth 60 bucks. May get it when it goes on sale"
,Recommended,310560,15748220,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,A White Bird?,I have mastered keyboard controls... Now it's your turn...
,Recommended,310560,15750139,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Slot,Right now it feels like Dirt 1/Colin Mcrae and that is great compliment because these type of Rally simulation games have been ignored while the industry chases Rally-X ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who can Sick Drift while they're slammin mountain dew in a straight bill hat. Thank you for returning to the roots of the genre. That being said there are a few bugs here and there but most definitely a playable game and a great sign of things to come.Edit: I just got to the RWD cars and I'm seeing a major issue. It appears the brakes are influencing the accelerator. For rally this is highly detrimental as you steer with the brake.
76561197967192535,Recommended,310560,16980901,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,LOG! tm,"I am a massive racing game fan ever since I played pole position on the Atari! And this is hands down the best racing game I have played, The handling is so good with a wheel, the Graphics are stunning, the sound really captures the cars unique notes, It really makes you work and is so rewarding. They have trimmed all the fat of on this current version and continues to grow to new heights with every superb update."
76561197972232605,Recommended,310560,15705103,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Giggle Pig <3,Excellent rally game; difficult and challenging throughout.Great graphics and a high attention to detail in both the car and track design.Can’t wait to see this game develop 10/10
,Recommended,310560,15689731,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,DeathDealer,"First reviewGood to get away from the arcade type of rally that the previous Dirt games are and to get back to the gritty rally sim that this developer is renowned for creating.Update 05/08/2015A few months after release Codemasters have supported the games development by making improvements and making fixes. They have also included a ton of new content such as WRC FIA Rally Cross and Hill Climb and included the relavent rally car classes with the events.Dirt Rally is shaping up to be codemasters best rally game to dateUpdate 17/11/15As we get closer to the release of the game and the full RRP in December all i can say is buy the game now. The game has come a long way since it's ential early access release back in April of 2015.Codemasters have supported it's early access phase on Steam and have provided regular updates in the form of tweaks and game content. I find the online daily, weekly and monthly events worth while doing because you can see how you improve with time by using the world leaderboards as with these events you only have one shot to get over the finish line and provide your best time.Dirt Rally has also had input from professional WRC drivers to help with the authenticity of the car handling and rally stages which has certainly helped with how good this game has become. Go on Youtube their are videos of the drivers playing the game.Their is no doubt about it apart from the co-driver that needs more tweaking forget all other rally games that are available on the market. Dirt Rally is the best and most realistic Rally sim that is available. If you are a fan of rallying and of the FIA WRC this game is for you.Final Release update 8th April 2016I have seen this game be develop since it's day one launch into early access Dirt Rally was great then but light on content and the cars had a few balancing issues but over the past year they have provided content updates such as new cars, game modes, and system stability updates. At this moment in time i am enjoying Rallycross the most can't say why but i am. the final version of the game is supurb it is no longer light on content and the stability for pc is amazing and graphical wise in 1440p the game is beautiful it plays like a dream. I said it not long after Dirt Rally was released that it was shaping up to be Codemasters best rally game and it has this is the best rally game/simulater that i have played since Colin Mcrae back on PS1. This game is hard and unforgiving but very rewarding when you win.Put all other rally games down yes im thinking Sabastion Loeb Rally, WRC 2015 this is the only rally game you need.Codemasters you have done right by your fans keep up the good work, Excellent job with DIrt Rally you have really given what your fans were asking for :)"
,Recommended,310560,15694541,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Spicy Jamaican Beef Patty,"Expect nothing less than a real rally simulator. It's incredibly challenging, but incredibly rewarding as you learn how to handle your cars.Also for your own sanity don't use a damn keyboard."
,Recommended,310560,18942220,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Emilia The Butt Princess,"dirt rally is ♥♥♥♥ing great!!! one of the best racing games i have ever played. the car list is very good and they keep on adding cars, every car feels different. you notice the grip and acceleration from the AWD cars, and the slidey goodnes from the RWD. and i love the madnes you get from the group B cars. you have different modes like a normal rally stage or rallycross and hillclimb. the developers keep updating the game with new content and there is no microtransactions or dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. if you have a racing wheel setup the this game will be amazing!! its almost as you are driving it in real life, the game feels very realistic. and the satisfaction you get from completing a long rally stage after giving your best and you get 1st place, you feel like a driving god!! : Pthis game is the best 10/10"
76561197960540867,Recommended,310560,23338870,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Saroh,"This game is amazing nothing like cockpit view all assist off manual with clutch no hud, Now in my opinion that is the best and only way to play! Group B all day long with g27 I dont feel bad for the noobs go play some dirt 3 if you want arcade racing leave this to the big boys."
,Recommended,310560,15614256,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,MuggyPolsa,"This game is sooo good. I tried it with 900 degree @ my G27. I'm gonna test it with 270 next time.The graphics are SUPER! And I have been waiting for a good-looking rallysimulator.Just the feeling of holding the handbrake before going off... man.Only thing is that I want some more feeling in the FFB, but that is it.  Seriously good job with all aspects ingame!!"
,Recommended,310560,16917582,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,iLLuzion1st,"Played the same stage for 2 hours straight... still havent finished. 10/10EDIT: wow so the game is officially out! An early access game is now @ V1.0 anda fully fledged game. holy moly, didnt know that existed. Thank you Codies for being true to your fans and really going for the best driving experience we could get! <3 forever a fan"
,Recommended,310560,16897567,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,AsY,A fantastic new addition to the Dirt franchise. Less approachable for new players but clearly the best outing from Codemasters in years.
,Recommended,310560,16707568,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,a n d r e e ♥EZ♥,yes my friend!!!!!
,Recommended,310560,16948781,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Cidd Schlagg,"17.9 hours as I write this and I still haven't placed 1st, and I don't care.There have been a few times where I was able to complete a run without taking any damage at all, with a decent time, and STILL end up 3rd place if I'm lucky. In fact, only 1 time can I recall owning a checkpoint time during a run. Otherwise the AI destroys me. Championship mode is kicking my assp. Yes earning upgrades for the car to get better happens after each season regardless, and yes, tweaking the car is VERY feel good. Any road condition looks and feels great. Having a good team makes a world of difference. This is the Dirt game we AWD lovers have been waiting for. The tuning mechanics rock! However, never allowing me to win in any class against these impossible (to me) times is really pis annoying.I hope they tweak some of the AI times after the first checkpoint during a run.  Everytime I have green time and approach the first checkpoint QUICKLY that time evaporates and as my luck has it 80-90% of the time, I wreck shortly after. Even if I don't wreck I'm going from a +7 or +9 lead time to-20 or -30 trail time in mere seconds.Regardless, this is early access, so I can only hope that all this BS not placing 1st at all becomes a thing of the past, and the driving time I continue to put in actually pays off. I really love this game, and I believe Dirt Rally is one of the best driving game experiences I have had.TL:DR - Can't win a race after 17+ hours played, and I still recommend it. 10/10"
,Recommended,310560,17039083,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,WulrusStrangler,2HARD4U RALLY
76561198044105484,Recommended,310560,16536299,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,krampus_,"The best rally game this decade. The physics aren't as good as RBR's but I'd say they're still good enough to call this game 70-80% sim, good FFB with no mods (Even though IMPACT FFB is heavily recommended) and a good selection of cars and stages. The AI on masters difficulty don't put up the hardest fight as you can beat them with an imperfect stage and unfortunately they often retire which can take away epic battles but other than that there is good league support, a fun career mode and the best engine sounds of any racing game ever."
76561198047703941,Recommended,310560,17187621,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,paul25,1 word amazing best racing sim ever by far must buy
76561197997175972,Recommended,310560,16830158,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Simo/V,It's what I have been looking for since Network Q RAC Rally Championship out in 1996.
,Recommended,310560,16826852,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Rye,A welcomed return to a more serious and skillful rally racing game. Progress is being made quite well for an early access game.
76561198190926738,Recommended,310560,17362904,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Papa Smurf,10/10 crash every time
76561198146794901,Recommended,310560,17910326,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,oriverajr,"Beautiful graphics, really steep learning curve and limited choices of races and cars in the beginning. You have to be top 3 to advance to a new tier of cars and racing tracks. I've been playing for a little over 10 hours and I'm still stuck on the same circuit race event, same tracks, same two cars.By the way, if you run through a barrier wall mid game and fall to your doom over a mountainside, there is no reset button to redo that race. You are starting from the beginning of a 12 race curcuit. Very aggrevating and it's one of the major gripes I have with the game. You have to literally improve quickly or suck and finish 12 races in 4th position just a hair shy of having enough to advance to another racing divison with better cars and more tracks.I would NOT recommend this game to casual racers that thrive on NFS and other less realistic racing games of the sort.  I almost gave this a negative review if it werent for the beautiful graphics and avoiding the hate I would get from all the dirt-rally-heads that wet themselves playing this."
,Recommended,310560,16930217,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,1ogical,DiRTed so hard i broke my steering wheel. 10/10 would break again.
76561197978706193,Recommended,310560,19730909,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Grouch,SO MUCH FUN.  I RAN OFF A CLIFF AT 50MPH AND IT WAS FUN.  I THINK I KILLED A CAMERAMAN AND IT WAS FUN. I DROVE REALLY FAST AND IT WAS FUN.  BUY THIS GAME AND HAVE SOME FUN.
,Recommended,310560,28815486,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,hawk,If you want a realistic rally sim and want a true racing challenege this game is a must. If you dont have the patience to learn to drive a rally car and if you have a weak stomach and give up easy  dont even think anout this game.
,Recommended,310560,25984737,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,hi,"Amazing game! Looks great, sounds great and feels great!"
,Recommended,310560,30027794,Posted: 18 February,all,wwarner,"this game would be amazing, if I was at all good at it......."
,Recommended,310560,19484853,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,r4be,the music!still makes lots of fun
,Recommended,310560,20719184,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"Dopest racing game I ever smoked. Hands down, dopest racing game I ever smoked."
,Recommended,310560,15751081,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,PlatedFx,"Welcome back codemasters, THIS is a real codemasters game and my goodness you guys came back with a bang. For the first time in a very long time I can highly recommend this to anyone that loves Rally Games. Hell I want to see a FIA sticker on this game some day,Dont Even question buying this. Just get it and enjoy playing rallygames again.Just a small note: If you can, try play this on a wired keyboard as it seems like wireless keyboards are a bit slow in response."
76561197998097249,Recommended,310560,17245094,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,[UPKB]POPSCOCKLE,sweet rally action!
,Recommended,310560,28846299,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lemoonhed,"This game is absolutely fantastic, certainly the most fun I've ever had in a racing game. There is a broad range of cars, and customization for tuning each vehicle. The courses, detail to realism, vehicle performance, and overall feeling is very well done. I spent my time in my first races yelling in frustration at the game due to difficulty, this enticed me to strive for improvement, which forces you to maintain complete focus of everything you are doing. As you improve after each race, it makes the challenge completely rewarding, and the true fun begins. Most racing games I have played are beautifully done in many ways although; I believe lack the challenge that is necessary to continue coming back. Dirt Rally, from my experience is the complete opposite of a typical, 'hold your hand', racing game. If you love racing games/simulators with a true challenge, this game is most certainly for you.*I would also suggest purchasing a wheel and pedals if you do not own one, it is not the same without (in my opinion)."
,Recommended,310560,22751366,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jamil237237,"This game is gud, jumps bumps DRIFTS THAT ARNT FOR SHOW and powerful mini coopers.I cant exakn well so go read some other reveiwThe physics are realistic so expect it to actually be a challange unlike thoose realistic but boring tarmac based racing vames"
76561198101808285,Recommended,310560,22704292,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Timpreza,"Best Rally sim since Richard Burns Rally. Only downside: It's a bit too forgiving in it's damage model to be a true simulator, and staged can be restarted."
,Recommended,310560,22719993,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Darknight,I love this game. Simply brilliant!
76561198043945040,Recommended,310560,25829909,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,UltimateNobody,Word of advice:Trust. Your. Co-Driver.
,Recommended,310560,25807709,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,crazyaj01,Don't play many racing games but love this one.  Definitely shows polish
,Recommended,310560,17252434,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Nawnee,"Just came from Dirt 3 (which I absolutely love) to this game. I agree with most people that the ""dude-bro"" feeling of Dirt 3 is pretty lame, but the game itself is absolutely top notch. Although, however good the game is, I was getting bored with how good I am at Dirt 3. So I read the reviews talking about how hard Dirt Rally is and decided to give it a try.I. LOVE. THIS. GAME.At the time of writing this review, I've only had Dirt Rally for about a day or so.When I first booted the game up, I instantly sucked at driving all over again, and I loved every minute of it.  It gave me a feeling very similar to what I feel when I play Gran Turismo. Learning how to really drive and use the Power Brake PROPERLY was a real challenge but I'm starting to get used to the way the cars handle. Speaking of the handling, it's perfect. With a little fiddling around in my controller settings, I was able to make the vibration controller link with my suspension and tire grip, which really lets me feel the weight, momentum, and grip of my car, EVEN ON A CONTROLLER!Some reviews are saying the controller support isn't all that great. I have to agree that, Out-of-the-box, the controller support IS a little wonky. Don't let this deter you from buying the game though, as a little fiddling with the sensitivity and linearity in the controller options will perfect the experience on a game pad.The tracks are open, long, and full of hazards that will end your run and kick you in the pride. They have a good number of tracks ALREADY and their version of pikes peak is not only awesome to drive, but it really does look like your in Colorado when you're driving it (I'm a colorado native so I REALLY appreciated that). With a handful of more tracks and cars, this will be the greatest rally sim ever made, and I mean that.GOOD JOB CODEMASTERS! If any of you read this, I am incredibly impressed with this game, and every one of you should be very proud. The sound, The handling, The environment, The effects...all on point.10/10 ""I'm loving sim racing again"""
,Recommended,310560,23614117,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Will_S,You'll need a controller
,Recommended,310560,23853271,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bee-Sharp,"This is DiRT back to it's roots. Pure rally, no Gymkhana bullcrap. Amazing rally stages jam packed with nice details. Really good pace-notes most of the time, recorded properly, so your co-driver doesn't sound like a robot. A decent selection of cars, each with their own characteristics. And of course, rallycross and hillclimb are there as well.One thing I would like is a ""Repair all"" button when repairing your car between stages. In rallycross you have 60 minutes to repair, so unless you've had a really big wreck in a race, you will have time to repair the car with time to spare. It becomes a shore having to repair every component separately between each race.A must buy for rally enthusiasts. Just get ready to crash... a lot..."
76561198162300784,Recommended,310560,20141316,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Buccafresh,This game is the reason I am building a PC... That's the highest compliment I can give!
,Recommended,310560,19734219,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Death_SpecteR,10/10 would Scandinavian Flick again.
76561198082444128,Recommended,310560,15637311,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,nightman104,A more serious submission in the Dirt series.  LOVE IT
,Recommended,310560,17118207,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Kage Yuurei,After losing my training wheels with the starter cars this game has the challenge and fun worthy of the other DiRT titles
,Recommended,310560,20680018,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,jäätelö,"The most frustrating game i ever played in my entire life.Still very addictive, you will go back to feel how miserable your skills are again and again. Guaranteed. Also, after a few stages you will never ever remember what ""no-restart-bonus"" is.""Have fun"" is not related to this game in any way.Anyway, this game is the best racing sim i ever played, not like all those fancy NFS and other stuff.9/10"
,Recommended,310560,25834306,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Jony-,I am a fan of this series. I am playing since Colin Mcrea Rally 2.0I just cant drive the car in this game. Just like in the real life.Finally finally really good rally game.Handling - goodGraphics - GoodSoundtrack - GoodRally feeling - GoodSpeed feeling - GoodThis is THE game you waited so long.-The GAME NEEDS MORE CARS
76561198117289088,Recommended,310560,28580042,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Animal Mother,"One of the only games ever to make me cry, not because it's sad but because of sheer frustration."
76561198045638074,Recommended,310560,28875136,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Noobvious,It's like Dark Souls with a guy shouting at you how to beat the boss and if you cut when he says don't cut you die.
76561198090189650,Recommended,310560,28276196,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Demli,take a subaru wait a turbo load TU TU TU. 11/10
76561197971881567,Recommended,310560,28741411,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,robgs,"True to the roots of colin mcrae and richard burns classics. Hard as nails, very immersive. Perfect 5/7.SLI works great, smooth gameplay, good graphics, peripheral support excellent."
,Recommended,310560,19556871,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,RogueRAZR,"This game is awesome. Early access was done the way it was built for. It was amazingly stable, and with more and more great features being added every patch. I would have called it a full featured game even before it just now been made official.This game is well worth the $."
76561198021621814,Recommended,310560,27930370,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Coco,It feels thrilling every time I play this game.It is a well made racing game.
76561198322374745,Not Recommended,310560,25642970,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,klm,"Edit: As of update 1.23 this game is no longer compatible with ReVive (the lack of release notes from the dev leads many Vive owners to believe that this new incompatibility was by design).  I have less than 20 hours in and can no longer play the game in the way I purchased it to be played.Amazing sim.  Hands down the best I've played.  Playing in VR is even better.  As a matter of fact, even with the reduced resolution and screen door effect, I can no longer play this on a monitor.  The immersion with a HMD is amazing.  It feels like your actually in the car and your driving improves necessarily.  I don't crash nearly as much in VR as I did on a monitor."
,Recommended,310560,25805078,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TorsteinE,"Excellent graphics, driving feel and vehicles. Could use some more tracks and vehicles, but good fun in all."
,Recommended,310560,25826909,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Jawi5302,its good hard but thats what its liek in real life
,Recommended,310560,21956267,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,COOLER-_-,Best racing simulator ever!Using Logitech G27 and this stuff is a blast!
,Recommended,310560,27305394,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sandman,"This release from Codemasters is the pinnacle of Rally simulation. Since the Early Access the title has drastically implemented more features, vehicles, locations and now visual tweaks for improved immersion when using a racing wheel.A solid racing title, an excellent rally sim, and an incredibly challenging realism to the tracks make for an exhilirating and sometimes downright scary game. DiRT Rally truly captures the thrill of being a rally driver. If you have even a fraction of interest in racing games, I highly recommend this title."
76561198073650992,Recommended,310560,28930730,Posted: 1 January,all,dylamoth,"excellent game!! can be very frustrating at first, but hang in there because it is a very good rally sim once you get use to the crontrols and the very good ai.. Great graphics aswell, good rally car selection, absolutly the best rally experience imo."
,Recommended,310560,27643234,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gud Lak,Probably the best racing game I've ever played.
,Recommended,310560,20891037,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Fliz_it,Awsome
,Recommended,310560,31169713,Posted: 15 April,all,Scrub-O-Matic,"Excellent driving mechanics, and physics. It works well even on wheels without Force Feedback. I also tried it on a controller and it is still very serviceable. Sounds are great. Including Pikes Peak is icing on the cake. Learning curve is a bit steep but manageable, the tutorials do a good job of explaining how rally racing is different from track.On the other hand the game could have had more variety of cars and tracks, and the graphics are a bit dated, but I am so hooked that none of that bothers me.Overall an awesome game, and you should try if you're a fan of racing games."
,Recommended,310560,31342270,Posted: 24 April,all,-SmoothChaos-,"10/10. Oculus support and wheel support is fully customizable. Full setup customization ranging from every part of the performance to suspension. A fun thing to do is run a course with no co driver, and have a friend sitting next to you taking notes so you can run the course with your friend being your codriver. Basic quick review cuz sleep time. Night night. 3rd shift is no bueno!"
76561197977533265,Recommended,310560,15683417,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,C.o.D,"Thank you Codemasters.RBR is still great, but over 10 year is far too long time to play only ONE rally simulator.I can't wait to see what we are about to get when the game goes final. Keep up the good work. Don't make compromises. We want hard core driving."
,Recommended,310560,27395471,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pigloaf,Mean bro. Buy it ow.
,Recommended,310560,31818450,Posted: 18 May,all,Ext™,"Contents-ReviewReviewPersonally, I think the game feels amazing! Even though there are some flaws but I guess the good stuff about this title easily overshadows them flaws.- The game which got me into the DiRT franchise was DiRT 2 and I still remember the thrill it treasured within itself. It was one of those titles which kept you on the edge of your seat all throughout! After DiRT 2, the developers decided to expand upon the franchise by attracting more audience. That is when DiRT 3 happened. To attract the audience, the physics engine was reworked because of which DiRT 3 ended up being more arcady than DiRT 2. In 2012, came DiRT Showdown which again sucked big time and that was the moment when Codemasters decided that they needed something which'd revive the franchise's charm and thrill. That is when DiRT Rally happened! Codemasters worked close with the community and delivered what stands today as one of the most authentic rally simulator out there in the market!- If you have played any of the previous DiRT games, you know what to expect. But trust me, this game delivers the unexpected! It is totally unforgiving. At first, your car will throw them shenanigans all around but once you tame it, it'll be your best friend! The vehicular physics has improved alot. You can actually feel the difference when driving on asphalt, tarmac, gravel, snow etc etc. It is not just about sliding and slipping when driving in snow or rain, you can literally feel the emotions of that engine of your's roaring through the chasis of the car!- The game has a decent career mode which isn't but a series of events which you have to complete. To add to the depth, you can hire engineers and buy cars to help you through the mode. The locations are a few, not much but enough to spend hours and hours into. The cars look and feel authentic and there are quite a lot to choose ranging from Alpine, Subarus, Mitsubishi, Ford etc etc.- The game allows in depth tuning. You can literally change each and every aspect of your vehicle. However, you cannot customize your ride superficially. There are very limited liveries to choose from, in some cars there are none. So it all comes down to the tuning.- I wish the weather was dynamic, but I guess we will see that in future DiRT titles. Night time literally feels like it. The rain looks darn good when mixed against the dirt. In short, every weather condition feels and looks exquisite! It'll immerse you in more than the rallying itself. The visuals are appealing as well. Sometimes, the visuals remind me of Grand Theft Auto V while the foliage reminds me of Witcher 3, you got the idea I hope :P- The UI is pretty neat. It is easy to browse through the menus. If you have a wheel set up, it'll be hard to control that UI because the UI prompts change to the button numbers of your wheel. If you have no idea what number signifies what button, it'll be a bit hard but you'll get used to it. Also, if you are setting up a custom controller/wheel, the controls won't save, atleast in my case they are not saving up. So everytime I restart the game, I have to set it up again.- IT HAS PIKES PEAK! THE OLD ONE AND THE NEW!I do recommend getting this title if you are into rallying and dirty cars :P Even though it is punishing at first, it'll ease out with practice. I strongly recommend playing this one with a wheel because it is more precise. The game is not that taxing on the gamepad users as other simulators are so you can use that too!"
,Recommended,310560,31760678,Posted: 14 May,all,Young Sinatra,"DiRT Rally is realistic, fun, but very hard to get used to however. My only complaint is the video tutorials, don't get me wrong they are helpful, but a fleshed out, hands on tutorial would have been way more helpful before starting career mode."
,Recommended,310560,31712929,Posted: 12 May,all,Slurms Mackenzie,"Hands are sweating.Heart is pounding.Ears are ringing.I was in the zone.I've pushed this Renault Clio to the very limit of it's mechanical tolerances.I sped full throttle, sliding around a cliff edge through clouds of dust, gambling with my life for that extra second.I came in ♥♥♥♥ing last place again.DIRT Rally: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,310560,31462412,Posted: 30 April,all,Freezer,Best 360° spin out simulator (even in VR). Recommended for Subaru owners around the globe*.*I don't take any responsibility for your repair cost's nor medical bills. Be Ken Block at your own responsibility.
,Recommended,310560,15722293,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Ueno Naoka,"My short review for DiRT: RallyPros- Well optimized graphics, can take up to 51FPS without stuttering at 1080P resolution, high details settings with an GTX 750Ti 2GB graphics card. And this is for the Early Access version of the game!- Realistic, beautiful and challenging stages. Much longer than DiRT 3- Loud and clear car engine sounds- Extremely detailed car models, almost distingushable to real-life rally cars- Lots of free contents coming in the near horizon- Better physics, somewhat less forgivingCons:- Controls take a bit of time to getting used, even for DiRT 3 veterans. So it is recommended to use controller or steering wheel instead of keyboard for your convenience.- YouTube uploading functions are gone- No dedicated photo modeVerdict: 9,5/10 recommended for rally fans or just normie petrolheads"
,Recommended,310560,31847011,Posted: 19 May,all,LikeWildFire™,Think you're good at racing games? This game will prove you wrong.
76561198205960088,Recommended,310560,31895256,Posted: 21 May,all,Gogo Touris,"Great game. ONLY IN RALLY MODEThe only negative thing is, that the hillclimb sucks!The Rally mode is really fun and difficult but when you turn into HILLCLIMB...you realize that you´re playing an arcade game, so wtf buddy."
76561198257948811,Recommended,310560,31961612,Posted: 25 May,all,tyrone,This game makes me so godamn mad.10/10
,Recommended,310560,21153528,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Pinchy-Kun ✰,"Its good.It is totally playable with a Controller, but a Wheel is recommended."
76561198017894235,Recommended,310560,21932470,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,grimarmy,"the only reason im writing this review is because I want the user reviews to go from very positive to overwhelming positive.-graphics perfect (depending on your pc!)-handaling perfect (get a steering wheel, set it up till your comfortable using it)-realism, hell i don't know ive never drivin in the snow at 100 mphcons-no training, if you expect me to keep up at the higher levels show me how to, please referance the snow at 100 mph above-very hard, needs tutorial (see line above)on a side note i purchased this game under early access and i trully feel bad for not paying top dollar for this great game (or maybe they should feel bad for selling me those last two crap games, i don't know) but anyway yes i want them to sell me DLC i want as much as many stages as they can crank out, its that good."
76561197993080437,Recommended,310560,21236394,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Mharcus,Best rally game ever!
76561197976650645,Recommended,310560,21367019,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,highpH,10/10
,Recommended,310560,21381782,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,KZNE,Co-driver guy is senpai ^-^
76561198115388445,Recommended,310560,27430643,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xStellaPowerx,One of the most realistic rally games out.
,Recommended,310560,27445493,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,suncom,It's really perfect when I want to drive mad.
,Recommended,310560,15661673,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,brunchero,"Rally Group B with 205 T16 EVO2, what do we want more? Ok Skoda, Lada, Moskvich maybe."
,Recommended,310560,15638142,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nugus,A really fun title if you like the earlier Colin McRae games before the DiRT entries. Looking forward to more stages and cars.
,Recommended,310560,15654216,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sapaieo,"Beautiful game sofarI loved the old Colin McRae Games (I started with CMR2 and played it a hundred of hours back in the old days)Finally Codemasters feeds me with something that returns the feeling of sitting inside a Rally-CarAnd holy I loved the Wales Rally, loving dirty wet tracks <3"
76561198046014627,Recommended,310560,15663277,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,tortellinyo,"Gritty, difficult, not for everyone. I've come close to uninstalling 3 times. But when you get it right... it's worth it. Incredible engine sounds, beautiful graphics, excellent physics engine, and a decent amount of content for the price, including a fairly detailed career mode. Not to mention the promise of more updates. If you love Assetto Corsa and RBR, this is what you're looking for."
76561198132247020,Recommended,310560,32183334,Posted: 4 June,all,Davy Nae Nails,"With over 350hrs on this game i think i finally owe it a review it deserves big BIG thumbs up! Every aspect of rally racing has been captured and carefully crafted into the back bone of this masterpiece making it the most authentic and realistic simulator to date. It really forces you to the limits on both skill and emotion and gives a sense of what it takes to become a ""Rally Driver"" and with many of todays top drivers using sims to practice i would imagine this is the one they turn to,I would strongly recommend this product to anyone with patience, skill and a like for rally racing, The only thing negative thing i would say is their is not enough off road DiRT content for my liking wales and greece is my favourites, in my opinion they should have made a few DLCS with more content before releasing DiRT 4 i feel i might be dissapointed with the new release, but anywho thanks for your time and thanks for a excellent game"
,Recommended,310560,32158260,Posted: 3 June,all,S3Mi,IMHO Best rallying game available. Combined with Assetto Corsa gives you best driving experience all around.
76561197970466718,Recommended,310560,15767717,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Al Paca,"I thought this game was an early access beta?! That's how awesome it's been so far. I'm loving this game, excited to see the finished product."
,Recommended,310560,20076097,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,d.grieshofer,"Tough as nails racing game against the clock with exceptional driving physics where you can even feel little things like ice patches, water puddles or snowbanks.The game looks great, sounds even better, has decent amount of content and most importantly plays like a true rally game. If you think you are good at driving, try DiRT Rally."
76561198057034100,Recommended,310560,15618914,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,scrublord69,This is the rally game we have been waiting for. 10/10
76561198083899765,Recommended,310560,20856608,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,сукацчу,Awesome experience with wheel and pedals! 5/5
76561197970391562,Recommended,310560,20827088,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Big Daddy Bouncer,"So is Dirt Rally any good?  Well one thing i can say is thank god Codemasters have finally done away with all this fist bumping Gymkana nonsence and taken the series back to its rallying roots. After purchasing your 1st car... (I chose the 1960's mini.) you can take up a career ralling your way to victory...(or not), and become a legend in the Rally scene. Let me point out that Dirt rally is bloody hard. There are no rewinds in Dirt Rally so one mistake can lose you valuble seconds. As i'm sure most of you know its best to hit this game with a control pad or steering wheel setup. im currently using the Xbox one control pad. Dirt Rally is very good but it still has issues that need patching. Im using a AMD 3.5 GHZ cpu with 16 gig of ram and a GTX 960 GPU. I can run the game with everything on High and it runs very smooth. Between 60 to 120 FPS however after using the game for about 20 mins i encounter micro stutter for about 10 to 15 seconds that will put the best of us off our game. Considering you need alot of conentration during the stages to stand a chance of finishing 1st, its not good to have a major drop in FPS. Having said that, even when i have the steam FPS counter in the corner, its still registering 60 + FPS during the stutter so i'm thinking maybe a memory leak. Other than that Dirt Rally is a joy to play and if you enjoyed any of the original Rally games of times past then i highly recommend it to any rally or racing fan."
76561198023864354,Recommended,310560,20876588,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Boowman,"Nothing compares to DIRT Rally in terms of having the feeling of really driving a rally car. Its hard, rewarding and exhilarating.Other rally games might have more content (we all hope for more tracks and cars for DIRT Rally! DLC or not) but that does not matter much if the feeling of driving is not there. And the only game that comes close to that feeling is DIRT Rally (have tried  all the other rally games). Period!I actually find DIRT Rally a bit easier than most of the more arcady rally games around, since you actually have the feeling of driving in DIRT Rally."
76561198008621070,Recommended,310560,20878679,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,panssarinyrkki,Got to love how my sidewinder wheel from 2002 is 100% compatible with this game.10/10 would cut again
,Recommended,310560,20560174,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Lord Tachanka ♥ Penta,"Awesome game, by far one of the best Rally games on the market :D"
76561198061067631,Recommended,310560,31760788,Posted: 14 May,all,Toadfish,This game stopped me from cutting.
76561198096547103,Recommended,310560,19922842,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,B2BMe,Great game for people who love rally simulation games !
,Recommended,310560,25954155,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,lukima,It's a very intense and realistic race game 9/10
,Recommended,310560,32285078,Posted: 9 June,all,MuSkA,"I´m a biiiiig rally fan and addicted to racing simulators and I can say that this is by far the best rally sim ever made. I have 200h of driving in this game and it never ceased to amaze me, addictive.The physics are spot-on, it´s hard and rough as rally should be, the online races offer almost infinite challenges every day/week/month and it´s always a challenge to get a good worldwide result online.I would say it´s a must to have a good driving wheel/pedal setup in order to enjoy this simulator. I know it´s feasable with a gamepad but that´s not even close to what this game has to offer.The good: physics, graphics, car choice, weather effects, adjustments you can make to the cars, sound effects and I could go on and on...The not-so-good: track/location choice is kind of limited after some good driving hours. You kind of start to recognize some stages from start to finish, making it not so challenging."
76561198047683537,Recommended,310560,26400524,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,AgentOranje,"Just a short review - I lacked the time to play this Game really hard, though i got it in a very eraly stage...but i am also more a casual race gamer, so my review also is rather meant to be read by those:I played the entire Dirt series and what was there before. This game is going back to the good old roots, but adding a serious bit more difficulty. Fast and clear menu structures, no annoying stuff you are unable to click away - after the horrible menus in dirt 2 and 3, this is the first plus. After that - my controller that a lot of games seem to hate works like a charm - the game just runs well. After a few patches the performance is seriously better now, and the game runs very smooth with no crashes.While still arcadish, certainly not as much as the first Dirt -and yes,  you get all the great tracks like Pikes Peak. PIKES PEAK...with an old Audi... ok that was the first reason why i had to buy this, fun guaranteed. Now it is possible to choose if either drive the whole track or train on a part of it - drive on the old gravel, the mixed, or the modern day mostly-concrete version... i admire codemasters for this level of detail in a so called ""arcade"" race game. But hey - this is NOT Need for Speed. In my honest opinion...the handling of the cars feels pretty realistic, and the game is not NFS-style easy to steer. Know that, before you expect to jump into this and just win some Races.The handling feels well and accurate  - although it takes a while to get used to it (if your used to the older dirt games arcade handling) I like the damage model, the overall high difficulty, and the very well made tracks. Sometimes a hitting a small rock at the wrong place can really ruin your day, to come to the few downsides i noticed so far. Sometimes it seems the auto-reset that avoids you from taking any short-cuts is a bit oversensitive. Setting up a car so it works well on the desired track can also be very time-consuming for beginners. But at the other hand, the cars really feel different, and it seems the tweaking you can do really changes them. No Multiplayer review from me at this time, sorry.I´d give the game at least a 8.5/10 - you know what to expect from a Codemaster Game and that´s what you get. I actually even think they improved. Only early access i purchased knowing that the game WILL be shaped and finished for sure, and not maybe once i´m old ´n grey...* can understand that people are mad that it doesn´t run on ALL vr gear...but i do not rate a game for such an technical aspect unless it has been promised that the specific gear will run. Imho VR still has to define standards, there is too many different systems out there, and it might just take a few years till there is reliable broad-BRAND support just anywhere. Many other games do have very similar issues - does not say much about the overall (good) quality of this title."
76561198271479812,Recommended,310560,32950908,Posted: 28 June,all,Takezo02,Better than WRC. Highly recommend this game :D
,Recommended,310560,32049198,Posted: 29 May,all,dat_pingu,I finally learned to drive forward!
,Recommended,310560,31693593,Posted: 11 May,all,Fooshi,"Most likely the best rally game ever made. Excellent physics, nice variety of cars, excellent sound design and challenging.Skill floor is rather high due to the simluator approach, but is a lot of fun when mastered. Some assist functions can be turned on/off like traction, stability control and ABS if desired.My only complaint being the lack of official FIA rally tracks due to the game not being an official FIA licenced game."
76561198080799398,Recommended,310560,32691468,Posted: 23 June,all,Highstyle Gaming,"Good game, Hard af. Took the time to try to learn just one map, still never completed it without major penalties, learned this game is not for me, and now steam won't let me refund it.8.5/10 - gameplay10/10 - DifficultyAnd a little ♥♥♥♥ YOU @ steam."
76561198001462961,Recommended,310560,15619100,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Hoogs,"I'm an avid sim racer.  I compete in league races with rFactor 2, iRacing, Assetto Corsa, and Game Stock Car Extreme. That being said, I've not been a fan of Codemaster games since I discovered simulation racing. With all the hype surrounding Dirt Rally I have high hopes that this game will live up to the likes of Richard Burns Rally.EDIT!!!!!A fellow league racer tipped me off on a FFB fix found here!http://www.racedepartment.com/threads/ffb-tweak-no-void.104688/FFB is greatly improved with this fix and YES this game is now worth while! I was wrong about the throttle steer. IT does work nicely. A car setup is needed to be quick and get the most from the vehicles.Graphics: GoodSound: Could use improvementsPhysics: Once you can feel the FFB YES it's not bad. Is it real?!? I'm gonna say no, but it's a good starting point.GUI:Looks clean and simple-thats a pluse, but PLEASE!! add support for a mouse.Simulation wishes: I'd like control of the details. Wipers, clutch pedal, seat positions ect.."
76561198127157438,Recommended,310560,31780794,Posted: 15 May,all,Big Ol' Doinks,"Unbelievable graphics, good mechanics, and exciting tracks and routes. This game is the best racing game I have ever played, despite only playing a few, but nevertheless an overall enjoyable game.P.S. If you don't have a wheel, then you'll have to use the keyboard. This might soil your experience as a whole but if you don't care about that then go ahead and purchase the game and satisfy your simulation desires.P.P.S. I typed this while listening to Fergie"
76561198029135931,Recommended,310560,27305273,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bdubry,My grandson loves it! Says multiplayer is the best with friends! Gives him stiff neck with burning eyes too!! Bye Bye
,Recommended,310560,15642015,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,[WWN]_Bully,"WoW ! This game is the best rally game since RBR. And for Codies, since the 1st Colin Mcrae!I've even not played GTA V since this came out! What more can you say!I was not expecting this at all, after the direction Codies have been heading for the last 10 years or more. Previous Dirt games have been drivel IMO and F1 games not great either.As for Dirt Rally, the physics feel pretty good, not quite up to the standard of iRacing,Assetto Corsa,rFactor 2. But it feels a million times better than anything Codies released for a long long time!A bit of work on surface bumps and FF and it will be right up there.I have a lot of sim racing gear. Fanatec CSW with V2 pedals. A Lightning SST H shifter, Triple screens. All this works with no fuss really. Multiple controllers are not a problem.It really is much more rally like, like the real WRC rally. There are stages and all you do is Rally. apart from messiing with crew members which is pretty cool too. There's none of that other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥te!Thank you Codies! Please carry on making thisa a rally game, dare i say sim to be proud of!11/10"
,Recommended,310560,16439309,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Montago,THIS GAME IS FREAKING AWESOME!- Best rally game in many years!- Awesome scenery- Awesome cars- Awesome graphics (even on modest hardware)- Awesome soundtrack (so far)- Awesome community- Hard to master but very rewarding when it happensOnly recommended for people with a Force Feedback Wheel.
,Recommended,310560,16529106,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,fever,"Great driving sim and currently 25% off.  It's early access but the cars that are in the game already really do look excellent.  The stages are also very good and you really feel like you're traversing a realistic landscape rather than previous sims which never really gave an impression of climbing or descending.  They've just added force feedback support for those who prefer to use a wheel and pedals.  Another popular game which already has a community taking part in daikl, weekly and monthly events.  The developers also come across as being very attentive to their community.It takes some getting used to each cars handling and performance but within a few hours you can start to put in some decent runs through famous rally stages."
76561198083600335,Recommended,310560,31772225,Posted: 15 May,all,Wat.,"Really like the fact that they published to Linux too, I do most of my gaming on Windows but I support efforts that aim to make that unnecessary. If you like frustrating racing simulators, this is for you, if you like need for speed and similar games because they make you feel like an amazing driver... this will kill your ego. Just a heads up: 'Don't Cut' means DOOOOONT... CUUUUUT! Enjoying it alot even though it's quite hard. Should probably invest in a decent steering wheel setup. My 360 remote feels a bit imprecise."
,Recommended,310560,21714849,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,senpai@neotokyo,I recommend this game.
76561198015292026,Recommended,310560,23528267,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Cheapdate,"This is not a game nor is it a simulator, it is a simulator that is smothered in gallons of awesome sauce.Take a look at the slow motion video capture. You will be doing these things straight of the bat, and as your skills increase with practice you will be doing them intentionally.I would give Dirt Rally a big thumbs up if only I could release my white knuckled death grip from the steering wheel."
,Recommended,310560,31975887,Posted: 26 May,all,Worhed,"This is more of a simulation racer than an Arcade racing game. It's very challenging, even on the lowest difficulty settings. Once you learn the calls and respect the track you race on it can become very satisfying to win races. My only issue with this game is- Snow maps. The maps with ice and snow are absolutely unforgiving. If you're driving a little too close to the edge the snow will take you out. They really need to let you choose which maps you want to race on. 8/10 worth buying on sale."
76561198069492587,Recommended,310560,27666528,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Canoeshoes,"There's few things as satisfying as sliding a car round a tight corner perfectly, the memories of spinning out, of smacking concrete blocks despite your co-driver telling you don't cut the corner all make those moments where you get everything right SO much more satisfying."
76561198070302169,Recommended,310560,31848181,Posted: 19 May,all,MERASMUS! The MLG wizard,*Stage is about to start*5*Turns on InitialD Soundtrack*4*Grabs controller*3*Placing fingers on triggers*2*Engine begins to roar*1*Engine is ready*0....GAS GAS GASI'M GONNA STEP ON THE GASTONIGHT I'LL FLYAND BE YOUR LOVERYEAH YEAH YEAAHI'LL BE AS QUICK AS A FLASHAND I'LL BE YOUR HERO!!!
,Recommended,310560,18708095,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Nicolus,Best way to learn how to Drivenow i can drive faster than others on public road
76561198030966859,Recommended,310560,27520332,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Leffe,Fun game
76561198083839227,Recommended,310560,25863866,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Dingus,"I have played countless hours of racing games over the years. From RBR and Gran Turismo, up to Asetto Corsa and Project Cars (which is basically NFS Shift 2). One very big reason I enjoy this game is I feel like it is a geinuine rally sim experience and not some polished up turd-ware by some big name publisher. They have also, since dirt3, re-done the menus so that they are not a complete abortion, which is fantastic.RBR stood at the top in my books for a rally simulator but this game is actually really, really well done and may even take that spot.The driving is extremely polished, intuitive and fun.Graphically it is everything you would need and more out of a rally sim.I can't wait to play this game in VR with a G27 or thrustmaster setup."
,Recommended,310560,33668558,Posted: 20 July,all,Arrite,"""If you think about it, this truly was, the DiRT Rally.""Really Codemasters?On a serious note, this game performs unlike the other DiRT games. Remember when Showdown came out and many people compained about it's focus on arcade elements, easy rewards, car combat, and nitrous? This game follows none of those things, and people love it. Rather than a trial-and-error system that the previous games held, this one punishes you for your slightest mistakes, and may even disallow the opportunity to restart or fix it for a cost. You will find yourself very poor from what I played. Additionally, you get even less rewards when playing with handicaps. Do you happen to have poor performance and that actually impacts the gameplay? This game may not be for those kinds of people. Also, it's heavy reliance on realism means that you will be speeding down a trail while having your ears violated by a man speaking phrases that sound like English, but make no sense at all. Progressively playing will strengthen your understanding of these subjects, but they may be far more approaching if you decide to drive more carefully. What's that? You want to see where you are going and have time to decipher the mysterious messages your crew shouts at you? Have fun with that 8th place medal and the whopping $500 in rewards for nearly dying or at least maiming yourself about 4 times.The game is fun, just very punishing and restrictive, making that fun factor one of those rare things that occur, but are well done."
,Recommended,310560,21818798,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sid シド,"Beside my technical issues I had with this steam version, I must say that it is a really good racing simulation!"
76561198036214612,Recommended,310560,20345108,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,RedFries3,"If you want a rally game look no further!I absolutely love this game. It's so refreshing to play a game that just simply works. Like back in the day when you had a ps2 and just put the game in and never worried about bugs or glitches or crashes.This game is so well optimized that I tried downsampling from 4k (I only have a 1080p monitor) on my gtx 970 and with the high graphics preset I had a solid 60 fps. I'm amazed I can run this game at 4k with high settings on a single 970 at 60 fps. This game runs beautifully and it just looks amazing.Now onto the game itself I also love what is has to offer. I'm not a hardcore racing sim fan so I can't give too much input on the realism but to me it's perfect. It could probably be a little more realistic with the brake control but other than that the cars feel responsive and the amount of traction feels right for whatever terrain you're on. It has the perfect amount of challenge and learning curve in my opinion. The co-driver call outs are great and you absolutely must pay attention and listen to them or you'll end up flying off the track.I feel there could be a bit more tracks though as I was a little surprised when it came out of Early Access but there's a fair amount. I wouldn't say the game is lacking in content but I can't say there's a ton either. There's I think 6 different main rally courses in seperate countries and within each of those 6 there are 12 or so different sections to play. That may sound like a ton but tose 12 include backwards versions of the same tracks and larger sections that just connects 2 smaller tracks. All of the courses look really good though and they all feel different and like a real course.But as for cars there are plenty to choose from. I'm no rally expert but to me most any kind of popular rally car out there is in the game. And the sound of the cars is incredible. I can't get over the sound of the cars. Everything just sounds so right, the engines bounce off the limiter and they pop on decel and it just sounds amazing. I love the sounds. Can't really describe them so you'll just have to get the game and find out!Also a side note I love the crowds in this game. Usually in racing games they'll just copy and paste 2d or really horrible 3d people around the track that look OK if you fly by them but look god awful up close. In Dirt Rally though the crowd is actually made up of greatly modeled 3d characters that are actually highly varied in appearance and they all aren't doing the same 3 stupid annimations. Just a small side note but that's always a pet peeve of mine is when they skimp on crowds but here they look great, even up close!All in all this game is a must if you like rally or any kind of off road racing!"
,Recommended,310560,19558222,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,PBaines,"Extremely fun game, it has come a long way since it's early release and am very glad that the developers have done such a great job of it!!"
,Recommended,310560,15677088,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,javaj,"updated review+ Graphics, fast and immersive+ Sound, puts you in the mood and also informs you about the cars condition+ Multiplayer+ Codriver is helpful and correct+ Many conditions per stage!+ Detailed road- Force feedback needs work (alot of work)- Help on key maping, or just add mouse in UI- Crowd needs to be more ""alive"",  i think i saw a guy cheking his facebook as i was drifting through hairpins- replay cameras aren't that good, add more angles, flybys and b*tch cams.- no save replayalso:* it would be nice if we can get more information about the cars and maybe a showroom,* we need more information about the tracks also!* If you are going to add hillclimb consider adding some tarmac tracks with cars like Osella....* please consider making 80's crowds! where you race and everywhere is packed with people.* you have to add Opel Ascona/Manta 400...My car wishlist:Pikes Peak Suzuki EscudoPeugeot 208 T16 PPToyota Corolla 1996  Toyota Celica GT4Opel Ascona/Manta 400Citroen XsaraFord FocusAlpine-Renault A110Mitsubishi Lancer EVOBMW 2002 TiGroup N Cars...Super 1600...I am going mad...Now Places to Rally:Safari Rally, mud and dust and lots of dirty mudSpanish Rally, gravel and asphaltSweden and Finland ( i know you are making them)Australia!"
76561197978699344,Recommended,310560,33841758,Posted: 27 July,all,HardAct,"WOW !! 4 StarsThis is the Dirt game I didn't know I wanted, and now that we all do, WOW! But, so very hard. I'm playing using a G29 mounted to a Pro Racing seat, no assists none! and Manual shifting using wheels paddles, g29's shifter is used {3rd gear, strait down} for the e-break and it's near perfect. So much frikk'in fun.It's nearly unplayble with a controler / no-assists I will add, but really as is to any sim type racer, a wheel is a must. I'd rate this 4 stars, and I DO_NOT_GIVE stars lightly. A 4 star game {to me} is a fantastic game, never given 5 stars to a single game. 4 stars,  because, needs more tracks, more online events, better in-game in-car ajustments. especially dash view, it's to close to the windshield, there are adjustments in settings though they do NOTHING to dash view, forcing hood view for many cars, that's it people, it's a great game and is my favorite racer in a very long time."
,Recommended,310560,16330161,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,.Vacant,"If you like rally you will love this game. Challenging, technical, and lots of fun. Still in early access so it will only get better too."
76561198028629164,Recommended,310560,17802150,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Schpankie,In terms of being a skill driven game this deserves top marks. You go from being complete garbage to less complete garbage and can really see your improvement as you put down better times.  Also they have both Audi Quattros
76561198048133580,Recommended,310560,32831692,Posted: 26 June,all,The Communist Manipesto,"Bought this game as a cool sweet simple racing/ occasional drifting game.(note: this is the first racing game I have ever purchased)Pros:Learned how to drive stick.Learned how rally drifting works and why it is way better than tennis (♥♥♥♥ you tennis)If the weather conditions are good, I can summon gear change sounds.have a permanent pair of sunglasses (raybands) stuck on my face from this game turning me cool.accidentally built a rally car when trying to repair my pc.That car uses smaller less drifty cars for gasoline.Cons:People are upset that I keep using their cars as gas.I can no longer drive in straight lines, not sure why.It gets way darker at night than I would like it to.TL;DR: become the best in-game driver of your friends just by playing this (seriously)"
,Recommended,310560,32831894,Posted: 26 June,all,seontonppa,"The game is hard at first before you get in touch with your car, just like in real rally. But and when you do, it is extremely rewarding.The sound design is awesome, big part of the driving can be done by really listening to the road and the car, to be ready to make next moves.Gameplay is realistic, controls are unbelievably comfortable. Graphics are realistic and some maps have an excellent atmosphere.The first challenges are mainly on gravel road but after a few races you hit a corner in one snowy map and you get to experience tarmac for the first time and damn it sounds and feels good. Perfectly made atmosphere.This game is definitely for those who like realistic racing, there is a wide variety of cars and tracks to choose from and the vehicle tuning is very in depth."
76561198116724775,Recommended,310560,19564482,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ClavisPrime,This game is amazing.  If you love rally you will love this game.  It is brutally hard though.  Please dont expect  it to play much like Dirt 3.  I have rage quite more on this game then i can ever remember doing on any other racing game. And its the very reason i love it so much.  It demands your respect and concentration.  This is the Rally game i have always wanted.
,Recommended,310560,33057620,Posted: 30 June,all,Manic Jorge,Hands down the best modern rally cross game.
76561197989552056,Recommended,310560,18938146,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,xBuzz,"Amazing game, even in Early Access!"
,Recommended,310560,23840246,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,gonzo,Super intense when you finally get to grips with the way the game controls. Most fun racing experience I've had in a long time. Works great with 120+ Hz monitors as well.
76561198072666181,Recommended,310560,16476778,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Dude Man,Major WRC and RallyAmerica fan and aspiring driver. Dirt nailed it! RichardBurnsRally is now my second go to rally game now. DIRTRALLY being my number one. Thank you Codemaster. F1 games might become simulation more now that they are leading through Dirt!  Must have for all sim drivers. You're not complete as a dirver till you drive a mini on a rally course. #GlobalGrandStand 1-10  (8) and can become ten once game is complete. They are doing it right.
,Recommended,310560,23032678,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,OTMTURKS | ThirdEyeCyclops ☾☆,10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,310560,18917707,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,LuboSmalecSVK,Best Rally game ever made. and a lot of Subarus in game <3 MAAAAAAD
76561198075590334,Recommended,310560,18919588,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,killertrackstar,Best rally game I have ever played. Xbox 360 controller works good with this game too.
,Recommended,310560,19552839,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,imbamakaber,"They fixed almost everything I thought was wrong with it.They must have listened to what the community had to say.DiRT Rally still lacks an open free sandbox simulator experience, where you can host your own servers, setup your own gamemodes and rally through the woods in whatever car, alongside a friend and throw on some mods... but it is Codemasters, so what to expect, really?The transition to a more sim-like experience was unexpected, so I guess we have to be thankful for that!In terms of simulating rally this must be the best one out there.Assetto Corsa still holds the throne as the best racing simulator with a more open ended approach. Host your own server, set your own rules, throw on some mods..Maybe this ability will appear in DiRT sometime in the future, but who knows.."
76561198020070245,Recommended,310560,19553561,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,xinox73,A very good driver simulator.
,Recommended,310560,21023800,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Angus Burger,Codemasters live up to their name with DiRT Rally!
,Recommended,310560,21033547,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Smatchimo,"A good game to replace older rally games that have aged in the past 10 years (collin mcrae, WRC, Richard Burns Rally) but does have it's drawbacks.  Feels more arcade than it is Sim, maybe due to the Force Feedback in the game, which is a complaint for many sim drivers playing it."
76561198015902856,Recommended,310560,21036378,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,p0ng0,"It's a great game, I enjoy playing it. I'm glad they have gone back to the rally roots and dropped the gymkhana which I never liked.As far as the difficulty level of the game is concerned, I'm in two minds: one the one hand I do enjoy the fact that you are challenged and have to work to get better, on the other hand I can see many will pick up the game, crash repeatedly and give up. Perhaps instead of the top three going through perhaps the top five can progress or something like that. Not sure why they removed the difficulty levels of previous versions, if you want bragging rights you have to run it on most difficult level and the easier levels will appease the lesser skilled like myself.Also goes without saying, using a keyboard is not gonna cut it.The ability to modify the car seat position up/down/forward/back/tilt up/tilt down is very nice.Content-wise, more rallies need to be added (Australia, Africa, USA).Car-wise I think there are enough.For Pike's Peak, more cars need to be added - three is not enough, I would say at least ten cars, personally would like to see Subaru/Lancia added.  Fantastic to hear they are adding the old gravel version!The rallyX/hillclimb are enjoyable a nice break from the rallying.Overall conclusion: all in all a fantastic game."
76561198048035887,Recommended,310560,18888148,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,MezzerliptikJay,"I normally try not to make reviews about early access games but i feel that this game has now come so far that i need to chip in with what i think,  as a RBR player ive been looking for something that in 2015 will feel just as good but fresh and Dirt Rally doesnt disappoint that need, the improvements that have been made over the past months really have brought this game alive and something i have fallen in love with,- the physics are greatyou can feel the gravel beneth you as the car slips and slides on it, and hear and feel the suspension moving and doing its job, the steering now also feels good and responsive and theres plenty of options in the menu to configure it to be less responsive or more-nice selection of vehiclesevery car feels like it has its own character, from the sound to the way it handles, and the models look very acurate to real life-lots of fov optionswant to be closer to the dashboard or higher up in your car, Dirt Rally now has you covered with the new camera adjustment options by using your keyboard arrow keys-graphics and overal performanceas someone who only plays on a 1366 x 768 display (720p) with a GTX 760 im not the best person to ask about utra HD or 1080p graphics/performace, imo it looks great with everything on high for my setup with a contant 60fps and no eratic framedrops (again im only using 720p) and the game doesnt bog down my CPU either which is a i5 3570k,so if you have a simular setup to mine you will have a great experience"
76561198029404751,Recommended,310560,18892320,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,HerbalZebra,"By far the best rally game i have played in a long time, I was a big fan of the colin mcrae games and i have played them all even the Dirt games where they kinda lost the way and i can say that this is back to the roots proper driving no gymkhana to be seenIf you felt the Dirt games got a bit diluted then this is the rally game for you"
,Recommended,310560,17725485,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Big Benz,"Not only is this the best rally games for years, as of now, this is probably the best thing that's happened to racing games for goodness knows how long. WAY better than Project CARS, that's for sure."
76561198115914860,Recommended,310560,23543865,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ethanstansfield,woooooowwwwww!!!! only a few hours playing and im just blown away!Sleaky graphic and gorgeous sceneryincredibly difficult but rewardingyou can customize the crap out of itThis beats any Rally Sim out there hands down. Not just realistic really easy on the eye graphics.GET IT WHILE IT'S CHEAP!!!!!
,Recommended,310560,32126900,Posted: 2 June,all,Got Milk?,"The most realistic rally sim. Love this game, better than RBR IMO.Pro tip: buy a set of steering wheel to get a total immersion to this game. You will struggle so hard if you play with control pad."
,Recommended,310560,18897279,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Nicodemonizer,"Fantastic rally game, back to the old school style of no forgiveness, no rewinds, just great fun driving.Took me a while to get used to with the dfgt, but after a while the game just feels so good to play ;)If your a fan of driving games, it's a no brainer!!"
76561197960528962,Recommended,310560,18905050,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,dr3adpirate,"SO GOOD! No more X-Games, feels like a Colin McCrae game again, and HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥they used some voodoo magic to make the controller vibration feel exactly like a steering wheel on the different road surfaces."
,Recommended,310560,19238557,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Swinnster,"Codemasters finally returned to their roots, and it's glorious as ever! Fantastic rally game with the learning curve of actually trying to race a real event (haven't really done it but can assume I'd end up wrapped around a tree at the first turn). Seriously don't expect to pick this up and be a pro first run, but given time, this game will have you feeling more than ready to go hit some back roads at 90mph. I bought a T300 and playseat challenge as soon as I saw this was out and will never look back. I couldn't imagine playing this with a controller but I see people do and post better times than me so it's definitely possible.Tips: start slow enough to consistently finish stages without wrecking and slowly, very slowly watch your times increase. I've spent 20 hours with this game and just now got second in my first career open rally series. I can't stop playing. Too good. All time favorite racing game. Period.Rally racing at its finest in such a long time it's almost as if this is the only rally game that's ever existed. Buy now and expect to wreck repeatedly.Would ruin my best time ever on the last corner over and over again."
,Recommended,310560,19276727,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,j i n . 3 2 2 $,The Best Early Access Game experience ever. Almost to a full working game.The car in this game handles and even sound better than my own car. Whats not to like ?
76561198088554108,Recommended,310560,19550270,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,zombiecole,If you love hard♥♥♥♥♥Rally you'll love this!
76561198057032053,Recommended,310560,19553262,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Queequeg,"Very good game to get into rally sims. The stages are beautiful and very interesting from a driving perspective, the car selection is diverse and the sounds are fantastic. Physics and force feedback are good, too. The game works best with a wheel, but you can also have an enjoyable experience with a controller. Hardcore rally fans will miss a more sophisticated damage model and longer stages though, since they only vary between 5 and 10 kilometres in this game.I recommend the game heartily to anyone trying to get into rally sims and also experienced players who can live with the aforementioned shortcomings compared to the classic rally sim Richard Burn's Rally."
,Recommended,310560,19555400,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ohgodbees,"A gorgeous, fast paced game that borders between simulator and game. The best rally game out there."
76561197982268492,Recommended,310560,19551776,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Marchewkowe Pole,"The best rally simulation ever released. I have played RBR in professional leagues, but this is much more fun! I recommend it for everyone looking for more serious rallying then all the WRC games."
76561197970098721,Recommended,310560,19552745,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,BlackEagle,Incredible job devs!!!! Now just the wait for CV1 or Vive for a mind blowing VR experience!!!!
,Recommended,310560,19554702,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Akal1k0,"Easily the best rally game ever made. If you like rally, then you'll need this game!The updates just make this game better and better! VR experience is immense."
76561197993463341,Recommended,310560,21995870,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,adrook,"Best racing game ever. I went out and bought a logitech racing wheel setup because this game is just that amazing. My second most played game hours wise, only behind Civ 5 (not for much longer). Thank you to the people who made this game happen."
,Recommended,310560,33418387,Posted: 9 July,all,Alpha One,"I have always wanted to drive rally in real life.I borrowed a friend's Logitech G27 wheel and pedals.I changed their settings via the 3rd party program Logitech provides to have a full 900 degree range of rotation and to have pretty strong force feedback.I changed the game's settings and turned off traction control, launch control, the HUD, and play only from the helmet cam.Driving these cars in this game is so unbelievably stressful, genuinely physically exhausting and mentally draining that when I'm done I'm literally and no exaggerating soaked in sweat. The torque steer can actually hurt your hands, and if you start to spin or roll you absolutely legitimately must take your hands off the wheel or risk real, honest to God injury. You can pre-load the clutch while turning into a corner then dump it, spin the wheels and get a decent slide coming out. This will keep revs up and keep the back end sliding, and has the side effect of making you feel like the baddest mamma jamma ever to sit at a computer desk. Keeping up mentally with your co-driver while keeping a car on the dirt/gravel/snow road at over a hundred kph requires a totally bizarre kind of left-right brain mental zen zone that is inconceivably satisfying when you finally get it, and being two turns ahead when you hear a ""right five, fifty, to left two tightens don't cut to crest maybe jump"" and knowing exactly what to expect and where feels fantastic.tl;dr I'm sure that there's a decent arcade experience in there somewhere (in the options you can turn on traction control, a HUD etc), but as someone who went into this looking for a simulator I am completely and one hundred percent satisfied. This is genuinely hard, the game does absolutely zero hand-holding (if that's the way you want to do it), and you will only get better by practicing and learning how far you can push your machine. When you couple this with the fantastic graphics (the raindrop effects on your windshield look incredible), a great soundtrack of screaming engines and the rattle of gravel hitting your fenders you get a 10/10 best rally game ever made."
76561198116949124,Recommended,310560,23304570,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,STAR,You're basically robbing Codemasters when you buy this game. Worth more than the price.
76561198061828900,Recommended,310560,33877747,Posted: 29 July,all,gwalke,"I'm almost 50 hours into DiRT Rally and as others have said, it is a hard game. You are essentially teaching yourself to drive rally cars, so it isn't a surprise that the learning curve is steep, but within that the differences between transmissions, drive trains and even individual cars are pretty stark. The first time you switch from FWD to RWD, for example, you will basically be learning to drive again, and this will turn some people off. Pro-tip: RWD cars are essentially impossible to drive with the keyboard - even with a wheel, you will need to fine-tune your settings to specific cars.The tutorials are simply videos describing technique to you, which is a missed opportunity. Although you can run a custom stage any time you like, I think it would open the game up to more people if there was a tutorial/test track with input guidance to nail your handbrake turns and Scandi flicks.Despite - or because - the game is so hard, it is very rewarding once you have put some hours into it. Improvements are hard won, and feel like genuine achievements. The differentiation between cars is wide, giving a lot of replayability, and the graphics are good. Codemasters have done a good job capturing the spirit of the different settings. My Finnish girlfriend, walking past as I competed on a Finnish stage, simply said ""That looks like Finland."""
76561197975229358,Recommended,310560,19968536,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Auisieopor,"- You'll probably like this game.If you want to play Rally game that is different from other games.- If you easy irritability, like to play style arcade game,play the game for free time may be you not like this game."
,Recommended,310560,33826867,Posted: 27 July,all,VTEC,"9/10. -1 point for only 6 actual rally stages - as it was said before, there should be more locations.Game is unreal. Just don't buy Lancia 037 at the very beginning- it may make you regret every single penny spent on this one.I totally don't get it when people say it's ""wheel only"". It's just not for keybord racing warriors :p Proper gamepad and tons of patience at the start is needed to enjoy this game - and I've got to say I liked playing it this way. However, when I switched to the wheel, I'd never want to go back to the gamepad. I use Logitech Formula Force EX and even though it lacks the steering angle and shifter, it still feels f***in' great.This game is all about knowing your limits. When playing career mode try to avoid using restarts. It will be mega hard at the beginning ofc but once you learn the tricks of the trade a bit, just tell yourself there is no such option as reseting the stage. It simply gives much more satisfaction when you complete the stage faultlessly without restarting - and it makes you learn faster as well. And as someone mentioned before - don't look at the sector times, driving fast requires a lot of focus on the pacenotes. Looking at sector times cause approx. 50% of my crashes :DIt's amazing how EVERY car I've driven so far feels totally different. Driving RWD cars is the best patience test I've ever had. Mastering 037 evo2 levels you with Tibetan monks. And the setups are KEY. I didn't mess with them when I was playing on x360 controller but since I got my hands on the wheel, I'd never enter the stage without tweaking things and testing it on shakedown - even though i still don't understand the majority of advanced setup options yet.It's been 80+ hours and I still feel there's a lot to discover with different cars/modes/setups and I've got a lot of things to improve as a driver. Well done, Codemasters."
,Recommended,310560,18904864,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,гιккегт,Best rally game ever!
,Recommended,310560,18891987,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,TRDownShift,"Very fun, but the actual rally races are maybe a little too unforgiving, less in the sense of driving, but more in the sense of timing, I think the game feels amazing, but they might be asking a little much of the 'pick up and play' gamer to actually ever really complete anything, learning curve is ""steap"" to say the least. :PPlus at The begining of the game if you get frustrated with a race, it's not like you can back out and try a different one, you're pretty much stuck, which can be pretty lame when You've been trying your♥♥♥♥♥off to beat one race for an hour and you just want to ""enjoy"" the game.But all and all, it's great game."
,Recommended,310560,19161768,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,KC's,"After getting the hang of it and racing in careermode around 6 hours i can only but say, beautiful game, fast and a real gem. I haven't tried yet the inline part.I would love to play this with the new oculus or htc (if they ever get released ;)) and wonder if there will be vr support."
76561198081442089,Recommended,310560,19283938,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,tungywoongy,awesome awesome awesome. You will need an xbox controller as a minimum. fun!
76561198086662205,Recommended,310560,19551895,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,STARCORE,Very tunable and realistic.  Mind blowing fun
76561198041367399,Recommended,310560,19555068,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,starburns,Looks stunning in motion. Just keeps getting better.
,Recommended,310560,19555106,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Ruskii turbo,This is the best rally sim of all time
76561198097514313,Recommended,310560,19561965,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,TCMonster25,This game is a nightmare as how was the original Colin McRae Rally was back then. Welcome back Codemasters!
76561197978115124,Recommended,310560,20991997,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Abomination4iiö'¨'ICHI',This is pure gold
,Recommended,310560,21035431,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,InVader,"Oh wow, people weren't kidding when they said this was the Dark Souls of racing games.BEWAREthis is nothing like the previous DiRT games. In the previous games I topped records using the keyboard. In DiRT Rally I'm having trouble reaching the finish line 0_oEDIT2: FUUUCK WALES! WHAT KIND OF SADISTIC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ DESIGNED THIS STAGE?!It is recommended to play this game with a steering wheel.Codemasters should've made it more clear that this is game is asimulatornow in addition to being the authentic Rally Driver experience. Sure, it's possible to play with a keyboard, because they put really nice steering functions on the digital interface, but you will curse the times when having the fine control of a analog steering wheel & pedals could've made the difference for you.I have 4 complaints:1. Rallycross seems like a major letdown. They clearly didn't put much thought into it, and was only put into the game because of the huge demand. The tracks are... just so simplistic! Most of them feel like dricing around circles. The 1st one (junior stage) in particular is literally just a circle from overview! It's like a f*cking skidpad with dirt on it! Even DiRT 3 had better rallycross stages and those were nowhere near as good as the ones in DiRT 2.2. Some maps are incredibly unforgiving (especially Wales stages). Most of the time you drive on a path that's only 30cm wider than your own car. If you just slightly touch the edge of the track (which is usually bumpy as hell) it doesn't simply just make your car spin out of control. Oh no, mm-mhmm! The map sends you flying the f*ck off into trees for the slightest errors. Even when you are on the middle of the track and nowhere near top speed, the road is usually so bumpy, it's impossible to keep control of your car, even at lower speed. It's literally harder to drive on a stright road, then take a curve with a nice drift.3. It feels like the cars are made out of paper. They feel like they have no grip, downforce or weight whatsoever. Even driving through dips doesn't feel like it gives your 4WD car extra grip (which it should). Then again, I base this opinion on my experience with previous DiRT games.4. As far as I know, the cars are only customizable setup-vise in career mode. Otherwise the cars use the stupid default setups. I wish I could give my car stiffer suspensions and stronger differential to increase grip, but the game won't let me. They do have different default setups for each event though.EDIT:5. After playing the game some more, I have to say... A lot of times the co-drivers are talking BS. There are numerous curves which are e.g. a Right 5, but are actually as tight as a Right 3. There are also times (in Germany stages) when you are speeding through the road and then suddenly a Right 1 comes and the co-driver doesn't say ""caution break!"" or anything like that. By the time I actually realize that ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's a right 1"" it's already too late for the breaking distance. We are talking about 0.2 second of differences here.Also, I want the female co-driver back from previous DiRT games. She has a better accent for me.During the career mode though you can go veeeeeeeery deep with the car setup. Remember how you had 5 step sliders for the above mentioned stuff in the previous games? Yeah well, now you have different sliders for rear vs. front + you can go into advanced setup mode. E.g. under differential settings you can customize Driving lcok, breacking lock, and deafault (preload) lock for the differential. You can give each gear different ratio (length). Under breakes you can customize the break strength as well! It goes way in depth to the point it gets intimidating.GRAPHIC PERFORMANCE:I should mention. Compared to DiRT 2, both DiRT 3 and DiRT Rally look like a visual downgrade. DiRT Rally has some weird glitches with smoke trails and transparency. In some places my framerate is tanking, no matter what graphic settings I use (usually where the smoke glitches and overlaps trees from behind, as if x-ray vision was set for the smoke). The trees look also out of place at times due to the shadows. They are soft on Ultra settings, yes, but sometimes they are unusually bright. DiRT 3 had better shadow effects. DiRT 2 also got long smoke trails in an update )which also cast and received shadows), which looked really sexy. DiRT 2 remains the best looking and best running game in this franchise so far."
,Recommended,310560,22259163,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,RealRandomBacon,I'll Just say this: Best Race Simulation Game EVER.
,Recommended,310560,18927332,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Bukkake Bandit,"this game is a good simulation rally racer, its tough and requires you to learn and pay attention, you cant just mash the throttle and expect to do the best. it does have some issues running full screen with my gtx980m but it runs in windowed mode and it runs great and looks great. a must have for anyone who enjoys rally racing games."
76561198006234818,Recommended,310560,18928643,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,GrandMeister,Love it well worth the money - more more more maps for PvP please!
,Recommended,310560,19554465,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Criƨpy,Great rally simulation.
76561198030091279,Recommended,310560,19554807,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Diaboliq,"Bravo for Codemasters not leaving Dirt Rally in ""work in progress"" limbo like the other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ racing sims. This game is amazing if you like rally racing. This was the best Early Access I've ever participated in. Be warned though, this game will squeeze every inch of driving skill out of you. Definitely not for the faint of heart. When you keep practicing and learn the nuances of rally racing, it blows up into one amazing experience like nothing else I've played.130 mph in a group B rally car, just barely clip a strategically placed rock on the side of the tight dirt road, and flipped my car 13 times, only to have a tree stop me dead in my tracks.11/10, would flip and die again."
,Recommended,310560,21035033,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Carlo,"Dirt Rally is by far the best simulator I have ever had, ofcourse opinions are personal and everyone has one!I like the adjustability of the seats, the realistic feel, and sounds,the fact when your headlights are smashed up in a crash, you need to continue without lights, very anoying during a night stage, I can tell you that!!It was very hard to adjust from the crappy WRC1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, no matter what you hit during a stage, everything still works in this so called sim, but WRC is nothing more than a arcade game, a very flimsy bucket of rust with a very thin layer of chrome!Shame on you Milestone and Kylotonn to rip off your customers like that, You guys are a joke and you suck at what you do!Codemasters did what is right! Create a game that works, no fancy FIA/WRC licence, no disneyland, get the real simplayers on board with a realistic game that is hard that is true, but it is so much moreeee fun!Thank you Codemasters!"
76561198042093799,Recommended,310560,18920165,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,phantom__13,been playing since my first atari 2600 ;) games have come a long way in 2015 its as close as u can get to the real thing.
,Recommended,310560,18920583,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Tyke Wusky,"I'm not going to give you a list of Pros or Cons for this game.What I'm going to say, is if you want a realistic, authentic and heart pounding corner clipping experience then buy this. That's it.There is no other game out there that has the Rally style down like this does. It's purely thrilling and ther satisfaction is real, because it takes real dedication to master each track and car. And it's only in Early Access....!I am looking forward to what this game has in stock for the future.So yes, buy this game right now."
,Recommended,310560,19188730,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,LiquidGamerX,Codemasters friggin rock!  This game is a lot of fun once you get into the swing of things!  Great damage modeling!
76561198166958457,Recommended,310560,19550224,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,shalakocore,I am  a big fan of realilistic sims and Dirt Rally is now at the top of my list. I just ran the new Sedish rally in a snow storm and it was in credable I loved the way the cars now handle and slide . I got stuck and as I was backing out the wheels were throwing snow on to the wind sheild very realistic loose snow flying up water splashs. this is the off road version of excellence thank you code masters.
76561198041340206,Recommended,310560,16810107,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,I Am The Stig's Fat Cousin,Simply the best rallysimulator ever to be created on God's earth!
76561198149053167,Recommended,310560,33983725,Posted: 2 August,all,AlpineShepherdBoy,finished a stage with no crashes and spinouts...using the keyboard. lol there should be anchievement for that.
,Recommended,310560,25979658,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,misofury,"Growing up I'd played the original Colin McRae Rally and been absolutely mad about it. For whatever reason I'd simply never been able to get the same kick out of other general racing & rally games since, but this has most definitely changed all that. My very first race - obviously a little rusty and so coming last place - I had a huge grin plastered on my face.The sound design, car mechanics and attention to detail is just so good and from what little I've seen so far, it looks as though there's a stack of content; this is a definite buy for any fans of racing games."
76561198305707532,Recommended,310560,25978175,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Randy Marsh,Super challenging and frustrating at first but addictive realistic and fun. Great graphics and sound!
76561198018714788,Recommended,310560,25393811,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ratiug Nokin,"If you like racing simulator and you are a rally racing fan, you gonna love this. If you are not a rally racing fan then this game will make you to be a fan.Just buy it."
,Recommended,310560,15631741,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Swayze Train,Broke 3 controllers and woke up my family swearing over wrecking a vitrual car10/10 would smash controllers again.
,Recommended,310560,24094414,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Tenshi,"Let me elaborate:STAY AWAY UNLESS YOU HAVE STEERING WHEEL OR CONTROLLERUNPLAYABLE WITH MOUSE AND KEYBOARDRequest refund IMMEDIATELY if you do not have proper controls. I spent 4 hours in game trying to figure out if it works without, trying different cars and set-ups, and missed my 2 hour refund window. Forty euro *cha-ching!* thanks for your custom, sucker!Great game, entirely unplayable without a controller or a steering wheel and pedals."
,Recommended,310560,25557998,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,barbatos,10/10 would buy driving wheel.
,Recommended,310560,17101610,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,rubberducky1100,"Wow, they really gave us what we asked for! And then some!  Each update really provides more detail, tracks, cars, physics, and features.  I can already tell this game will keep every one captivated for hours, whether it's trying all the different cars, dialing the car in for the perfect stage, crafting a great team, or just hopping into a 4WD monster and flooring it.Great physics- being comparred to some of the best rally games of all timeLooks amazingIt's hard! Get to work and get better!UPDATE 12/7/15Many more hours into game - Still blown away every bit of content that has been released has been top notch, and uncompromising.There are so many elements to this game that make it immersive, from learing each car and class, hiring your crew chief and crew machanics, dynamic real world elements in each track.To keep the rest of this simple, there are plenty of classes to master and cars to unlock to keep you busy, enough track and condition combos that ""grinding"" to get money doesn't feel boring.  The gameplay experience is awesome, beautiful game, great physics, awesome car and suspension models.  Online works well, not great yet, but I'm sure now that it's offically released it will only grow.   There is already a strong community behind this game, come join the fun!"
76561198024842452,Recommended,310560,25081354,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Mr Wing,"One of the best rally games ever made.A ""must buy"" for any rally fan!Pros:Lots of cars of all drive types and eras.Good variety of locations.Good graphics/sound.Nitpicky cons:Tarmac handling/physics could be better.Would have liked more unique stages.Cockpit view is wonky.No proper triple screen support.Can't save replays."
,Recommended,310560,34754020,Posted: 5 September,all,Smilik,GOOD racing gamr
,Recommended,310560,34779901,Posted: 6 September,all,DreamyGhostZ,"Just to make it clear, I bought this game sunday on Steam, but I play it since february on my PS4, having about 50 hours of playing time overall.I don't even know where to begin. Ever since I played DiRT 3 for the last time a few years ago, I never bothered to search on the net if a new project by CM was ongoing. The late news of a new DiRT game released on 2015 made me highly interested but, above all, I wasn't able to predict what would it be like.All those videos on YT made my mind spin as I was seeing a game that could be just the best ever made by CM to date and I wanted to buy it so badly I started searching it everywhere on the web. In the end, a friend of mine sold his game to me because he found it too hard for him to play. I couldn't agree more with this statement.Having played the previous DiRT games and also some CMR ones during my childhood, I thought this game would be easy to get used to. I was wrong.With DiRT Rally, in summary, you'll be able to feel both edges: it's an extremely tough, but ultra realistic driving simulator and, at the same time, a very addictive racing game, just like an arcade one.So DiRT Rally is an ""arcator""? Or maybe a ""simulade""? Those names are weird as hell, so you better call it just an ""simulator-arcade"".Is there another thing that makes it even more special and unique? You can bet it and I'll list my pros and cons below:PROS+ Sweden+ 12 stages+ Group B+ Focus RS is back+ Original CMR liveries+ Smooth menus+ A lot of active players setting world records constantly+ Delta S4 (RIP Toivonen)+ Online dailies are just way too fun+ Insane hillclimb+ You're not a good driver anymore+ It'll make you sweat+ Challenging, but rewards practice+ You'll spin a lot+ You'll restart even more+ 170 achievementsCONS- Where's Xsara?- No Australia- I want a Playseat, but no moneyOverall rating: 9.8It's a game that I loved so much I bought it on Steam just to play in 60 fps. No regrets."
76561198094023057,Recommended,310560,34769567,Posted: 5 September,all,Jason,good
,Recommended,310560,26890313,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,クリス・トプリー,Best rally sim by far.
,Recommended,310560,15603107,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,「ａｂｙｓｓｗａｌｋｅｒ」 「ｍｕｔｅｄ」,One of the best early access game I have played so far. Very well optimized and enjoyable.+ Gorgeous graphics+ Interesting and very detailed location+ Multiple cars and tracks available+ Realistic driving physics and challenging tracks+ In depth and detailed damage system and car tuning+ Pure endurance rally+ Daily events- Limited location (only 3 so far)- Co driver is muted (FIXED in patch 03.1)- No mod support
76561198147789412,Recommended,310560,32880359,Posted: 27 June,all,trew domko,really good game. im really bad at racing games but i still enjoy this game
,Recommended,310560,32876093,Posted: 27 June,all,Koolmite,"Really good game, sad that Codemasters stopped the development of this game."
76561198045358860,Recommended,310560,21864053,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,"Johnny ""Big Bones"" Boner","""Don't cut"" Proceeds to cut and flips car to a point of no returen thus ending the season.Fell in love from there."
76561198278641172,Recommended,310560,21907810,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Pablo9364,"This was worth the money. decent graphics, sound . realistic and very playable. You could play for hours and hours . runs superbly smooth on my gtx980 I7"
76561198062510405,Recommended,310560,21910222,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,gman197002,This game is simply incredible. Its even better with a wheel. Just buy it.
,Recommended,310560,19568498,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,XDREAMR,A new standard for years.
,Recommended,310560,21788112,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Telecaster,Good game. But difficult to play with keyboard. Much better with a steering wheel.
76561198025309585,Recommended,310560,21893813,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,TrumpForHimler 2016,driving along cliff at a hunna hear codriver say left 3 enter corner SURPRISE its a left 1 and the road is 2 feet wide. plunge to my death and then repeat that many many many times.... it took me an hour to get a perfect run on that one stage10/10 would look at clock at 2pm and then look at it again at 9:50
,Recommended,310560,21776524,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,pwolski,aw yiss
76561197966543763,Recommended,310560,21853126,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,fRodos_,"I bought this game during early access, the moment it became available, played for a while, and recently got back to continue playing...I'll give it 8.5/10 !!This is my chill & just drive go to game, where I enjoy the driving process, handling is amazing, tracks are as well, and whenever I reach the end of a stage I just rewatch the replay, because it is A.MAZING !There are several categories to race in, hillclimbs, and small compact races.On race net there are new challanges every day, every week, and every month. Just playing those alone worths it.I played rally games looong time ago, played dirt 3, and a lot of other racing sims (AC, PCARS, GRiD Autosport), but out of EVERY car driving game I played ever since I've got my wheel, this is the most enjoyable, most competitive, and less frustrating !"
,Recommended,310560,22197241,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,TheZor,"The best rally simulation you can find, hands-down."
,Recommended,310560,19138949,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,DelavegaChamps,"My final review.What I liked:- Handling and Physics: Handling feels solid and physics adds wheight to the vehicle.- Graphics: Oh man, the landscape looks soo beautiful, also long lasting dust cloud and particles effects/tesselation!- Well optimized: Running this game with an HD7870 with medium/high settings at steady 60fps- Night time, car headlights.- Ultra realistic engine sound.- Cockpit viewWhat think is missing:- ""Ghost Car"" For personal best time in rally mode as well as in multiplayer. (One of the old Collin Mcrae games had this feature) it's nice to know where your friend made a mistake and whatnot...- More carsWhat I didn't like:Playing with the Xbox360 controller;As much as I enjoyed playing the game for the first 60hours, on tracks like Sweden - BjorklangenI started getting bored and sick of playing, the track is surrounded by snow banks, if one of the front wheels of the car even touch it, the car spins out. As if it wasn't enough the track is slippery and narrow as ♥♥♥♥♥. The experience then becomes tiring, frustrating and dull.Overall: 8/10."
76561197984559381,Recommended,310560,19142731,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,PahaNahkuri,"Recommend this game to everyone who likes sims instead of Drivelings. ^^ Played now over 100h and loving the Dirt Rally more&more every day. Its hard, as it should be. And if u get stucked in rally(cant get ur times  down), you can allways go drive RX..."
76561198052243592,Recommended,310560,19565958,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Valle,Game features good variety of countries with awesome rally stages. Awesome gameplay and lot of cars! 5/5 game by codemasters!
76561198058296451,Recommended,310560,19566337,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,bengoldring,"beautiful graphics, very difficult and challenging game play. Only problem is how can you do a full rallycross season with only 3 0f the 13 tracks. I was looking forward to Hockenhim, Barcalona and all the others never mind I hope they still plan to add them at a later date. Disspite this it still gets a thumbs up from me"
76561198219942384,Recommended,310560,21759183,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,paul1987sk,I just bought this game now it's on sale can I get a refund and rebuy LOL just playing it's worth every penny
76561198080799399,Recommended,310560,21800666,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,seblove,My favorite racing game ever. Buy a wheel with a stick shift and never leave your house. 10/10
76561198257931185,Recommended,310560,21864213,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Thumbmusclez,"I may not have that many hours into the game yet but this game is amazing. There is something special here and is definitely worth the buy just to experience this dark souls difficulty in a racing game. The devs really nailed the feel of the cars, and the atmosphere looks gorgeous.Cons: Soundtrack could use some more uumf..   imo"
,Recommended,310560,21877765,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,the fail man,"great game so much fun, but yes that but its so hard and i cant strees this enough, some of the hardest game i ever hadmy hand on but when i learnd to drive. you will love it! 5-10 h only with a good wheel noting ells is good enough.if u like hard games yes buy this if u dont get something ells its not that hard :P"
76561198271237588,Recommended,310560,21879322,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,LitoEvo,"From real experience i can honestly say, best rally sim ever !"
76561198013065731,Recommended,310560,21889985,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,AUTISM,Best racing gameever.
76561198090018802,Recommended,310560,21902101,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,MR Tank,"Another big yes! This game is great. Diversity, tons of options and tons of courses. A racing wheel is recomended for maximum enjoyment."
,Recommended,310560,23765994,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Shredder Cheeze,Absolutely perfect rally game I am a big fan of the WRC games and this one competes. It will take a bit to get use to .
,Recommended,310560,35119233,Posted: 21 September,all,MattLifewalker,"I know it has been a while since this game was fully released, but i have poured a solid amount of hours into it so i feel like i can write a proper review. I have played A LOT of racing games in my time but it has been quite a while since a racing title has given me that adrenaline rush DIRT Rally gives me. Rally racing is a completely different monster that is harsh and unforgiving to rookies. When i first started up the game i was treating the dirt like it was regular old asphalt. I was pushing it hard into corners and braking way late. I lost count of how many times went straight off into the trees never to be seen again. I got frustrated with it, but i could never put it down. I buckled up and kept at it. It can be intimidating to new players but i feel the results are rewarding. DiRT Rally is an unexplainable experience. The feeling of the car sliding on the loose surface. The satisfying sound of a boxer engine crackling as you downshift into a corner. The language that spurs from your mouth when you screw up. This title made me a better Sim racer. It let me know my place and i have a new found respect for this sport."
,Recommended,310560,17570598,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ayekay`,"Dirt Rally is an amazing game for its current early access stage. There's only more to come and it can only improve from where it currently stands. A nice variety of cars and tracks to choose from. The physics are beautiful and so are the visuals in this game. Codemasters have put their heart and soul into this game and it shows in every aspect. The addition of RallyCross in the last weeks update is just pure fun. There's no other word to describe it. The rally in this game is as close to racing real rally that we will ever get without getting behind the wheel of a real rally car. It's fast, scary, and keeps you on the edge of your seat as you're racing to put up the best possible time that you can. The hillclimb is also something that is a lot of fun and extremely challenging as you do not have a co-driver reading you the track in front of you. I cant wait for this game to ""Full Release"" because it's going to be one hell of a game in its final stages. This game makes all the other ""Dirt"" games look like a toddlers sippy cup compared to what this game will be when it launches. Cheers to CodeMasters and this amazing game that they've created. Current State , 8.8/10"
76561198035239687,Recommended,310560,28815343,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,EVASIVE taco,"This game is awesome! Codemasters does an excellent job with the FFB as it informs you how the car is reacting whether it be the wheels leaving/touching the ground with jumps or just the weight of the car shifting and then gaining traction.Absolute joy to play. If you are into rally or a racing enthusiast of any kind, try this game."
,Recommended,310560,27197712,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,katagatame_,best DiRT title since the original.
76561198124487312,Recommended,310560,32351352,Posted: 11 June,all,Egoist,"Gotta love this game, Best racing game I've tried after trying popular titles such as project cars and grid. Really realstic and feels down to earth with both the game mechanics as well as the grapics. Worth your money full price but you can basically get it for half price during sales season. But definately use a wheel to fully expereince the game, I picked up a G25 for 120."
,Recommended,310560,16900216,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Kawaiiface,"It's a proper rally game.It's also rather hard, and doesn't have too much content right now.But what does exist is pretty damn exciting to play through, provided you've got a wheel decent enough to make it a managable experience."
,Recommended,310560,15627770,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Koopaloopius,Is this real life?
76561197992358994,Recommended,310560,15630012,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,KrashOverRide2U,well son of a gun . they listened to us and are building a great dirt rally simulator.very excited to see dirt rally progress.
,Recommended,310560,35433688,Posted: 2 October,all,Pangeran Pentil,Déjà vu !!
,Recommended,310560,17444216,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,That-Asian-Boi,"I like this rally game very much, I play dirt, dirt2 ,dirt 3 and this game, all of those are great, but every game thw steering wheel was only 200 degree, this is the only bad thing about Dirt rally. And also I also hope this game can be a open world just like forza horizon 2 got a little bit roads and citys a little bit of off road, can let players modify their cars.ps Hope you guys can be improve this great game in the future"
76561198013323353,Recommended,310560,17441192,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,edmoore51,"Finally - A racing game I'm terrible at.... Seriously I spent the first few hours way off the pace, or in a treeAfter years of Rally Games being a virtual representation of a Ken Block's party bus, we've got a proper one at last.  I'm a regular of the Assetto Corsa, Rfactor and similar sims - but have always had a soft spot for rallying, even if that meant playing DiRT 2 and 3.  With narrow stages and cars that handle like they should means a much better experience,Ignore the whiners complaining that they can't drive, and the NFS crowd complaining about a lack of sense of speed - Threading a group B car through the welsh forests gives you a sense of speed.Also the World Rallycross is ridiculous fun - Even if the AI is a little slow even in the Official championship or Masters difficulty.My advice - If you have a wheel (I'm rocking a rather old Driving Force Pro), buy this game - turn off all the assists and get going, at first you'll be struggling to keep the mini on the road and keep up with the leaders, but once you're over the learning curve it is completely worth it."
,Recommended,310560,16314134,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,S.,"I have never really played any rally games but I think this is amazing!, the grapfics are stunning and looks like real life :D 6/5.controlls are good and had no problems while setting up my wheel. The driving feels so realistic too!But I gotta admit, at first its really hard, but later on when u start to get hang off it, its amazing. You get the most statisfacting feelling ever when you are able to hit those corners and turns perfectly with the handbreak!!!I cant belive its in Early Access! Its already more and better done than the most of the new games that have came out!I would give this game already 9000/10"
76561198053122904,Recommended,310560,15736096,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Vex,"First DiRT game ever, and first rally game ever.Absolutely love this game so far. Beyond my expectations.Excited to see what's to come in updates, as this is already a solid game that will no less than go down as one of the greatest rally sims of the modern time.Yes I say sim, because this doesn't play as easy as a game does. You really have to know what you're doing, what to brake, when to cut, where to ride to cut your time down. I've played tons of racing games over the years, as well as a few sims. Nothing compares to how difficult, yet rewarding this one is. When you do hit that hairpin just the right way, or you do follow that crest jump the right way, nothing feels better than coming out without a scratch, because trust me, as you learn there will be many of them. After about an hour or so of looking up what the hell my co-driver was saying (mind you, new to rally here) I jumped back in and learned my car. Shakedowns will save you for those tricky deceptive junctions and turns you'd normally go too fast on, everything in this game is a missed opportunity if you don't take it. Easy to try, but absolutely hard, yet fulfilling to master. Can't wait for more cars and trials, I'll be playing this for a LONG time."
76561197987521999,Recommended,310560,18968559,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,ivor_bign,"And so it would seem Richard Burns is back from the dead..... oh no wait this game is from that other guy, you know, that helicopter pilot....No seriously, this game is that good. for those of you hardcore RBR guys out there wondering if this game really does mean you can finally put that 15yr old game to bed, you can. this game isnt a finished product by a long way but its already the best rally game on the market.Dirt Rally is the first Dirt game that has lost that wierd handling thing all the Dirt games have had that made the game fun but very arcadey (and yes I have owned them all apart from the last steaming pile of turd of a game cos I got sick of Kunt Block trying to show me how to donut round a fecking traffic cone, did anyone see how well Mr Kunt Block actually did when he tried to race with proper drivers and not annoying american scateboarding and BMXing teenagers? lol exactly.) sorry back to the game....If you are the kind of racer with a wheel and pedals that goes straight into the options and turns all driving aids off, HUD off and make it as real as possible before even playing the game then make sure you put the soft lock option on and full 900 rotation on your wheel options and this is one very entertaining game.Having said that it isnt a sim rally game, not yet at least anyway. just play asseto corsa (THE BEST SIM DRIVING GAME BAR NONE, trust me) for an hour then back to Rally on asphalt and its almost laughable, the FFB needs a lot of work but the devs are really on the ball with this game and who knows whats to come.Well to sum up? I've got a G29 in front of me and asseto corsa with the new dream car pack DLC with the original Ford GT40 in and all I wanna do is rally, kind says it all. Good job on this one Codemasters, just dont ruin it by adding sodding Baha 4x4 trucks.oh and one last note.... the sound that mkll escort makes as it ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ through a Welsh forrest is just dirty"
76561198033556961,Recommended,310560,20584559,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,benlonghair,"The Short8/10Reporting to a friend my progress:20 hours: ""Oh, I'm finally learning to corner.""40 hours: ""Oh, I'm finally learning to corner.""60 hours: ""Oh, I'm finally learning to corner.""The LongFor the record, this is coming from the perspective of someone who has never seriously played a racing game/sim in his life.Is DiRT Rally fun? Well, I suppose the depends on your definition of fun. Are you looking to move through the ranks quickly and beat the AI easily? If so, this might not be the game for you.But if your definition of fun includes beating your head against a wall for tiny improvements, then you're in luck. There's plenty of that. The little things matter. The first racing game I've ever played where going fast is generally why you are bad.The satisfaction of winning a rally is on par with the first time you downed that really hard raid boss in WoW. (I compare it to un-nurfed Kael'thas in TBC.)As I said, I'm not a sim racer. Generally I'm more of a RPG kind of guy. So maybe if you have a few years of racing game/sim experience, this game will come much easier to you.You can play on a game pad (and some even call it cheating because you can easily go steering-stop to steering-stop almost instantaneously) but a wheel is better. Takes some getting used to if you've never used a wheel, but ultimately it's worth it.The game looks great and is pretty well optimized, the cars are fast as hell (well, not the Fulvia) and are fun to drive. There are enough stages where it takes a lot of time to memorize them. Grip varies widely between rallies and even within stages.Now for the negatives.There is zero feedback for a new racer. There's no rally school, like apparently Richard Burns Rally included back in the day. You can run what feels like a fast time on a stage, clean and quick, only to find you've been beaten by 40 seconds. You can't watch your opponents films to see what he's doing differently, you can't see his lines, you can't see (other than split times) where he's making so much time. I don't mind being frustrated by a game, I used to be a WoW raider. But when there's no feedback on how to improve (Like don't stand in the fire, it burns) it goes from frustrating to infuriating.In conclusion, highly recommended to people who don't mind being awful at a game for a good long while."
76561198119371399,Recommended,310560,20095667,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Archie,"THE best rally game available on the PC.  Period.I have this game plugged into a motion simulator and it's an awesome experience.With the developers adding new stages and cars, it just gets better and better.Recommend this to anyone looking for an enjoyable Rally game, that alos likes a challenge!(Some of the high power cars take a lot of practive to actually drive fast!)Buy it.  You won't be sorry."
,Recommended,310560,20170278,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ReticentEvil,Dirt Souls
76561198069147438,Recommended,310560,20006427,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BERKSHiREBoB,"Best entry in the series in my opinion. Its difficult, and thats why I like it. It looks beautiful maxed out and features in game benchmarks so you can get your FPS just right with decent graphic options. I would like the upgrade system to be a little more fleshed out but at least it has something. Id say this is the best rally game ive played in a very long time. A+"
76561197971039845,Recommended,310560,19698292,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Cainer,Best. Rally. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,310560,19719839,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Boof69,"Dirt Rally has become an obsession for me. After getting my G27 configured correctly this game came to life.That is no exaggeration. You will find yourself leaning into the turns and wincing as you come close to rocks and trees.The Sound is great! The rocks pinging off the fenders, the engine roaring, the gearbox sounding off, and the co-driver calling out directions all add so much to the realism. The co drivers voice will shake during those tense moments. Just terrific! The car selection is ample and tunable. The visuals are very good while the game easily runs 60fps at all times on older rigs. Choice of rally locations are a bit limited and stages are derivations of a single large track within each location.Everything about the gameplay is exceptional. The menus however are not good in my opinion. They are the worst part of this game. Getting into a quick race isn't ""quick"". A screen for picking the region. A screen for picking the stage (vague description of the stage). Ascreen for picking groups of cars. A screen for picking the actual car you want to use. A loading screen and three clicks once loaded to get into the race. Options for the racing wheel are split between the regular control options and within your in-game profile. This had me scratching my head for a day or two. I had to look it up online before I could even use the game. Menus aside this game is contagious to anyone who has joined me in my game room. I Love it and so will you. -Scott"
,Recommended,310560,19897385,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,-=EzCoy=- Dude,"Basically, the best rally sim since Richard Burns Rally. It may not be a perfect simulator, but only the hardcore audience would notice most of these realism innaccuracies and even then they should only be minor annoyances. What matters is this game has captured the essence of rally racing, and clearly has love for the subject matter. From the start, you can drive any car on any track. There's no flashiness in the career mode, the only dialogue in the game is the co-driver giving you instructions, and the whole experience is much better for it.The driving is the star of the game and where the obvious focus is, the cars are distinct and mastering one can take awhile. Moving to progressively faster cars that you previously could hardly drive is a satisfying experience, but unfortunately does lead to one of the game's other flaws. Each area is made up of multiple roads, and the variety of routes are made up of the different roads linked together. If you race enough tracks in the same area, you will notice you're driving through the same areas just in different orders. In real life rally you're not really expected to memorize a whole route, but eventually in this game you inadvertently will if you play it enough.In terms of controls, the game is playable with a controller and quick times are certainly possible. The wheel supposrt is excellent as well, and pretty much all of the common ones are usable (such as the driving force gt, g25/27, thrustmaster, etc). Driving with all assists off, full manual with a clutch and sliding around every corner is an exhilerating experience. If you want a slightly more relaxed experience with a 360 style controller, you can tune the assits to ease yourself into the driving.If you have any interest in rally driving and rally driving games, this is really a must-have. It's kind of hard to recommend this to anyone who isn't already into any kind of racing game, but those who enjoy a challenging experience may find it surprisingly addicting.There's way more that could be said, and if you're still unsure I recommend you search for Dirt Rally reviews on youtube. I certianly feel I got my money's worth at any rate."
,Recommended,310560,32686069,Posted: 23 June,all,maoko,"Driving sims are generally a lot less fun than other games unless you have a ridiculous obsession with cars and driving.Driving games really, REALLY don't make themselves. You have to make the right choices with every aspect of the game. This game honestly feels like the peak of all driving sims, everything about it feels unimaginably perfect. I'm sorry, I like it too much."
,Recommended,310560,16869487,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Samork,"After a more casual approach to rally with other dirt games, Dirt Rally delivers it perfectly to those who enjoy it. If you have played the old Colin Mcrae games and liked them, I strongly suggest you to pick this one up, you won't regret it."
76561198161393197,Recommended,310560,18886966,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Greekman:fb WRC GamersClub,"Very good game,i love rally cross.....online"
,Recommended,310560,24935686,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Sodaras,THE best rally sim out there
76561198067989593,Recommended,310560,18830835,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Doberman 146,"ITS A GREAT RACING GAME! 8/10 you should buy it. here is the negative review on things they should considerits not 100% ''sim like racing'' but not the crew either and way better then grid autosport WITH a g27.the racing once you have a good setup is very nice, there aint no story line, at all. you do a beginner championship and if you win, you go up in a harder category until you reach the maximum level. thats it.  Online is ok, a bit of ramming but people are not that bad and LEAGUE PLAY is pretty cool if you join a group on facebook and talk with people posting they're result and pic.the big cons for me  (its a great game dont get me wrong) the first grid had a history where you were buying better car on ebay and build your own team and it was very addictive. on this one you hire engineer to help you repair damage between round but there aint no cut scene or wtv. there is a money system to buy cars but it doesnt feel like climbing the ladder to be the king of anything.#2 you NEED A HANDBRAKE and this can be frustrating to buy a 200 or 400$ handbrake or to build one that look bad and isnt so reliable...#3. its pretty hard to configure the steering to get good settings and the game only use 540 degree (or somtin like that) so you can use 900 but the hands of the driver will stop half way and you dont get any advantage."
,Recommended,310560,16826768,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Joni,Best racing game i ever had.Pros:+ Graphics 9/10+ Sound ( exhaust sound :) 10/10+ Simple UI (8/10)Cons:- Lack of content after early access- Join league via website
76561198236052602,Recommended,310560,20142103,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,christian_curran,"One of a very few next gen titles.Very exciting to play, pump the accelerator, madly steer left and right, check out the fully modelled scenery and crash because you need %100 concentration, it all feels very real.Not perfect though , sometimes you get away with touching the sides , sometimes you don't, I think a game that demands perfection from the gamer needs to be perfect itself but you would be mad not to play this.Come on , those rocks placed at the side of the road are plain mean !Does anybody read recent reviews ???? Steam defaults to most helpfulIs there anybody out there ???"
,Recommended,310560,18948652,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,FOG-Rooster Cogburn,"This is amazing.  I loved the intensity of Richard Burns Rally, and never really found that with Dirt 2 or Dirt 3.  Dirt Rally is such a great driving experience, and looks incredible.  Each location has it's different characteristics, and I love the different cars.Well done Codemasters, and please add some more DLC before you start on Dirt Rally 2."
,Recommended,310560,15688612,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Enigma,Best ditch simulator of 2015
76561198219596651,Recommended,310560,24472848,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mega faggot,Runs on my peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥laptop!!!!!!!!     click nice
76561198058364154,Recommended,310560,24300857,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,THUNDER HAPPY,Do you want the best rally game of all time? then this is the game for you!This game is the best game codemaster have ever made. this is the bast rally game of all time.The sound look and the feel is just perfect for this rally game.at start you are going to drive of the road. but after some time you are going to drive and you are going to feels like abeast.(ps: don't cut the corner)10/10
,Recommended,310560,22323532,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Dredd Thorison,I haven't won an event yet! 10/10 will continue to lose
,Recommended,310560,15694280,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,volpics,"Most games, the co-driver is there for immersion.  This game, he is your guardian angel.10/10, can't wait for more"
,Recommended,310560,16031092,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Jack Wall,"This is really knocking on the door of awesome. It is quite early and I reserve the right to update this review later as more content and development is accomplished.As an early access, this is already a very complete title in many respects. For sure, there are lots of areas that will be updated and improved upon but out of the box so to speak, if you buy this game and if you like rally, you will be in a minority of you are not impressed.Folks have made comments to the effect that this may be a successor to RBR ..... there is merit here.Codemasters have really stepped up to the plate here and they should be congratulated ... better again .... buy this!"
76561197970657834,Recommended,310560,15619814,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Baudrillard,"AT LAST - THE NEXT-GEN COLIN MACRAE RALLY GAME THAT I THOUGHT WOULD NEVBER BE MADE - HAS BEEN!Be under no illusions - this is a dream come true - as others have already said -  its like the Codemasters have listened to me personally and given me everything I've ever wanted  in a reboot of the old (pure) CM Rally series. They've also extracted all the tiresome shouting and 'Americanisation' of the recent titles.Not only that - for an early acces game it already scales to your PC like a dream (I'm running it at 7680x1600 - across three DELL 30"" monitors with a mix of HIGH and ULTRA settings and its silky smooth).The pace notes are the best in any rally game (ever) and the new visual indicators and voice acting are unsurpassed.Even the menu music is exactly to my taste.BUY IT - it will bring all those memories from 20 years or so ago flooding back.THANK YOU SO MUCH CODIES!"
76561197978976123,Recommended,310560,15588029,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Jeerouss,"Hi,Really excited about this early access release.Didn't expected anything in the near future and the BAM!! WhooohoooI used to love colin mcrae 2!This I'm gonna love too.Only thing I've noticed that bothers me a little bit is the handling : It feels like the game is helping you in every turns. I tried disabling all the driving assist but on some courses, I barely turn the wheel at every corners and it makes me turn perfectly or almost. Didn't feel it in the first few races but on a monaco in snow track, it was almost doing the hairpins for me.I use a driving force GT.But overall very excited about this new game! awesome!!!!"
76561197970793765,Recommended,310560,15588630,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ryohji,"Don't be fooled by the words ""early access""! This is not your regular easy access. This is something polished.Don't be fooled by the word ""Dirt""! This not your regular Dirt game. This is a proper simulator.You won't be able to win a special on your first try. You won't be all dudebro while doing donuts with an energy drink in the cupholder. You won't be pated in the back by someone sounding like he would be better with DJing with a laptop then using a spanner. You will crash. You will flip your car. You will understand why 4WD are standard in rally now. You will suffer but you'll like every minute of it.This is the game that would be named after the late Colin MacRae.Warning, this games needs humility to run properly."
,Recommended,310560,15593425,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Genemirx,finally something to rallye about again =DFLAT OUT!!!
,Recommended,310560,20839208,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,DAY6KILOGRAM,this game made me really bought one of the car
76561197967276146,Recommended,310560,33616338,Posted: 17 July,all,So Hai (很爽),"Pro:- the sound- the visuals- overall feeling of driving (not too real, duh. But less arcady than real)- playable with a gamepad (you need to tinker around... a bit or a bit more)- selection of carsCons:- career mode is dull- the AI is only existent in rallycross and in there you can compare it to Super Mario Cart AI, driving on rails. ""I'm now pushing you from the outisde of the bent and continue on my rails while you make a 360""- in rally mode the AI is just ""times""you always have one Michael Schumacher setting up best times you can only beat when you floor it with skill. Other AIs are just generated slower than him. You never see another car or even tracks on the road.And now comes what kills the game for me- callouts are trash sometimes and will cost the round/car (""Left 4... ... into Right 2"" or the famous Left 4 in greece, which will send you flying off the cliff when you take with +70kmh even if you have the perfect apex)All you can do here is to momerize the tracks- theres not too many tracks. Every track exists in normal and revert version plus the different weather, night and day. And thats it. And then you have a bunch of cars, each with a different feel.After all,it just isnt rally anymore if all you can do is learn the tracks because you cant trust the codrivers callIMO they left the game ...as it is... so people would buy the new Dirt 4 title.Not to mention they fcked up the game/sound just to impress people on that game convention in 2016 with some fancy VR stuff. (Who uses VR anyway?)They later ""fixed"" it by resetting it to the prior version.I would not really recommend this game. But I cant give it a thumbs down. Its still one of the best rally games out there."
76561198014672542,Recommended,310560,25124902,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ThatLedFella,This game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ and you'll learn to love it.Literally the Dark Souls of racing games.
76561197983605525,Recommended,310560,31628185,Posted: 8 May,all,Rob,"Pros and cons at the end of the review.I had to play about 20 hours of this game before I actually began to enjoy myself. Twenty hours spent spinning out, swearing at Geoff (the sarcastic co-driver), sliding the car off cliffs, crashing into unfortunately-placed boulders and accidentally launcing my car over the crests of hills, deep into the forests of Finland. However, all of the misery became worth it the moment I successfully pulled off my first Scandinavian flick in the Fiat 131 Abarth as my frustrated frown turned into a big fat grin... It's a moment I will never forget.The wheel support and force feedback (FFB) for this game is incredible. You can feel so much through the wheel. You can feel the g-force as you drive through a dip. You can feel the airtime as you drive over a bump. You can feel when you're going sideways, and you can feel when you hit a skiddy bit of the road. You can feel the difference between fine gravel and coarse gravel. Codemasters have done such a good with the FFB that I can no longer play other racing sims - they feel like toys in comparison.This game has one major downfall however, which is the career mode. The career consists of doing events in all 6 countries, and then once you've done that and finished in the top 3, you get promoted where you have to do it all again, only now there are more stages per country. It gets very tedious very quickly. Also, the money is so easy to earn that money becomes irrelevant after the first 10 hours of playing and the crew management is also unnecessary and becomes a nuisance quickly. I would much rather have seen a career mode like in the old Gran Turismo games, where you had to buy a crappy second hand car, get your racing licence, and go into ameteur events before you could buy a better car and progress into higher-stakes professional races. In Gran Turismo, you put a lot of effort into earning each of your new cars, and it really felt like you were progressing through your career.As much as I usually hate DLC, I would be in favour of DLC for this game, because I think (whilst the core game is fantastic) I think after a 100 hours or so, I am hungry for more levels.Pros:- If you put effort into this game, the game will reward you.- It has the best force feedback that I have ever seen in a racing sim.- The cars are all really fun... even the Mini Cooper.- Car handling feels realistic.Cons:- Steep and frustrating learning curve.- You need a racing wheel.- Career mode is meh.- Needs more tracks.- Needs better mod support."
,Recommended,310560,21311642,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,PotisMan,jete bra
,Recommended,310560,19460984,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Evan Funsch,"Do you remember that awesome Colin Mcrae 2.0 rally game? That game you ask yourself for, every time a new piece of s*** ""Colin Mcrae Dirt"" was released? This is it.It's just like going back to Colin Mcrae 2.0, and play again a real Rally sim, with improved algorithms to replicate real life cars behaviors, invaluable updates every month, and better graphics.It is worth it."
,Recommended,310560,15616602,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,"Finally, a proper successor to the classic Colin McRae games. Works well with a controller and isn't nearly as sterile as GRID Autosport. Don't expect yourself to break any stage records at your first attempt."
76561198306855779,Recommended,310560,26359566,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,JOKERヽ,"1. It is really annoying when you finish an event and keep clicking 'Enter' to quit, and you end up starting another event.I believe most of players would take a break from playing or have some time to check the upgrades that have just been unlocked from the previous match.2. There should be a warning when purchasing cars that you can't even use for the chamipionship until 20 events later.(I kept saving up using my 60's mini to buy an M3, thinking I will be doing 80s events after getting it, then I found out you have to progress from the 60s to the era that you want to play. Come on Codemaster, just make all eras available at once, most people born in the 1980s wouldn't have much interest in those 1960 or 70s old school cars)3. Give us the option to turn off not only the main menu music, but also the ones between race loading, that music is not appealing to everyone, and to me it is annoying.4. Need a tutorial, with lessons ranging from tunning to detailed explanation of the instruction terminologies such as 'don't cut'.This game is much more refined than it was in early access period, I now change my review to positive :)"
76561198017250004,Recommended,310560,30170389,Posted: 25 February,all,Flinch,Best rally game money can buy.
,Recommended,310560,19682523,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Edsel D Ace,I love it.
76561197992842646,Recommended,310560,19774223,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,{Sam} Peregrine,"Fantastic Rally sim/game, the only good Rally game of the last 10 years.Compared to RBR, this is slightly less advanced in how it handles surfaces, but I feel like it is just as realistic for simulating softer surfaces (dirt, gravel) and only suffers slightly on dry, hard surfaces (compacted dirt with dust).Wheel is recommended, almost required. This game does not hold your hand, it has no tutorials or anything like that. Just pure Rally."
,Recommended,310560,30670336,Posted: 22 March,all,Jopez,"Don't mistake this for a game, it's a ruthless rally simulator as fond of killing you as Australian fauna. There is really no weak points in the game, there is a lot of content and it's constantly being updated. Simply put, it's just an amazing rally simulator. The only thing I miss is a proper multiplayer championship mode (not rallycross), the online multiplayer website is kind of wonky.If you have a ffb wheel, I don't only recommend, I command you to get Dirt Rally."
76561198013714089,Recommended,310560,15746655,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,slatanek,"If you've been a ColinMcRe Rally franchise fan this is the one you've been waiting for.This game wants to be a sim and it succeeds, although not quite. In general the handling is more sim than arcade which is welcome. But there's room for improvement - braking is arcade'ish, the car stops immediately as you hit the pedal; the grip level seems to be on the high side and rain doesn't affect grip level all that much. This is all subject to change so let's hope it goes in the hardcore sim direction (physics wise).The wipers are sloooow, automatic and distracting - slight annoyance.The cockpit view is rubbish (the hood cam is good though).FFB is lackluster (they are working on it though).The stages are on the short side (3-8 minutes).The Options/Preferences are all over the place.On the high note - the car selection is very nice, there are no fillers, all of them present something worth a drive and all drive significantly different.The engine sounds - OMG!!! That's the best part of this game so far - the engines sound glorious! Try hitting the limiter in the group B Peugeot and you'll se what I mean.The graphics do look good and run smooth (above 60fps at all times) on a 1GB HD7850! There are some glitches here and there like the super shiny gravel in Whales rally but in general the audio/video part doesn't dissappoint.The game has flaws typical of Early Access - i.e. as there are only 3 locations as of now if you decide to play through the Championship mode you'll probably have to play all over again as they add new countries.But still I'm really pleasantly surprised - even at  such an early stage it's playable and enjoyable and feels quite polished compared to some other EA titles. If you're a rally fan, it's a must have. If you're not, don't bother - this game is very focused (unlike all the other DIRT games in the past) and that's a good thing.Disclaimer: I've played on a wheel and pedals, no idea how it works with a gamepad."
76561198260294087,Recommended,310560,19583060,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,CQR Takumi,Mint Game 10/10
76561197999688705,Recommended,310560,24149558,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Moadib,"if this is no the ultimate rally game ever made, rally games dosen't exist"
,Recommended,310560,28875936,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ðeadlock,Dirt Souls: Prepare to Crash Edition
,Recommended,310560,26267281,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,저스틴,"I bought this on an impulse. It's now my favorite driving game. It even made me buy a wheel.It runs very well. Stable and no crashes since the day I got it. No weird graphical errors. It looks good in UHD, but some textures can look low res, but you won't notice that when youre moving at 200kph anywayThe lost credits from restarts do not matter because when you nail that hairpin beautifully and finish a stage within top 5, you just feel satisfied. The frustration from the mistakes is rewarded by getting better times. I wish it had more locations and stages thoughOverall, great game. Again, from an impulse wanting a racing/driving game, I like it a lot."
,Recommended,310560,24155624,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,beamstas,"Best Rally game in a very long time, DiRT Rally is a huge improvement over previous dirt releases in terms of physics and realism. This is the first racing game i've played where you cant just hold throttle down mindlessly on every straight, because if you do the game is going to punish you. The feeling of speed is conveyed really well, and going fast really feels like you are taking a risk.The career mode  in my opinion is the only part of the game that needs improvement, saved only by the online career events help keeping it fresh. The career mode would be improved if there were more stats kept on how you've done, including best times for each stage, more events & different championships (Group B Hillclimb anyone?) Currently you can either do an event, check your garage or check on your engineers.. The ability to employ engineers does add some depth with the perk system giving you the ability to fit your crew around how you race. Overall, if you enjoy jumping into a game and simply racing you'll enjoy DiRT Rally, if you want to play around with cars in the menus this game may not appeal to you as much.Overall, This game is a huge step up from previous releases, and i'd recommend it to anybody who enjoys sim racing games. This game may be difficult for a casual player to pick up and be competitive immediatly, but in my opinion the difficulty is part of what makes the game rewardable when you do finally nail that perfect run."
76561197970917930,Recommended,310560,16785030,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Stefamon,The old school rally is back!
,Recommended,310560,25059216,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,AllocDK,"So, i got this 1-2 days after it hit early acces, but never going to play it. Mostly because i wanted to play in VR.And to be fair, its a really big con for me, that they are not working on native VR support for the Vive.but it can be done with the ReVive fix.And boy, i love this in VR. The sense of speed, and the sense of presence is out of this world.And terrifying going directly into a tree.If you like rally, buy this. I dont think it can get any better."
,Recommended,310560,19575508,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mateuscks,"I played the original Colin McRae in the late 90s. Since then, I've always liked the series, even if I wasn't able to play all the games in the series. DIrt 1 was kind of a nice experience back when it launched. That was it for me. I started sutdying heavily after that and I haven't found time to play since then. Along with that, The other two DiRT games did not appeal to me that much.When this game was announced and released in early access, I didn't have money and didn't have time to play it. This week, I finally finished my graduation and bought this as a gift for me. I didn't even know it was launching now, and it was a good surprise. This game is the best racing experience I've had in years and I just love it, since this series is the reason why I like automobilism so much now.I said all those things just to give context into why this game represents that much to me, and how it popped up in a great moment of my life.I'm also glad to see that the early access period was well played by codemasters. Go ahead and buy it. I was between this and Star wars Battlefront to spend my vacation time on and when you take in account all these factors, seems like this is a game you would really want to support, while a big part of the games industry is going in another direction. Support companies that support the players, and make games for the players.Overall, I'm greatly satified."
76561198025024148,Recommended,310560,24290567,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,mrtexasfreedom,"Just barely into this game. Playing with Oculus Rift only. Never played with 2D monitor. Wow. Amazingly immersive. Using a Logitech thrustmaster steering wheel. Game automatically detected correct steering wheel, etc.I'm not sure if there's a tutorial... Need to look for that because the navigator in the passenger seat gives all these instructions that I don't understand. Would probably help a lot.This game and project cars are my favorite vr experiences so far.thanks, Codemasters!!!!"
76561198006666462,Recommended,310560,15606717,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Bobcar96,"Great game, fans of the Colin McRae Rally series will love this."
,Recommended,310560,19443407,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Akiba007,Superb !!!
76561198179613221,Recommended,310560,19511712,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,[TSRVTC - DRIVER] David,Very realistic game and handles with a g29 controller like a drea!
,Recommended,310560,33071500,Posted: 1 July,all,I'm The STIG,"I'd recommend it **ONLY IF ITS ON SALE**, I wouldn't pay full price. Nice game, championship is super hard and sometimes fustrating. Supports steering wheel. Nice graphics. Overall, I recommend it."
,Recommended,310560,15635273,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Slvrblade,"This game heralds Codemaster's return to greatness. Even in its current iteration it's the best rally game in a decade, and I have no doubt at present that by the time it leaves Early Access it'll be the best rally game ever.Good stage design coupled with a solid core car selection and already reasonably realistic physics bode very well for the final release. The content included is already worthy of your money, and Codemasters is commited to listening to all community feedback to shape the game in the coming months."
76561197997354744,Recommended,310560,19281583,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,jhavens31,I love this game!!!  I love the in car driving views and the ability to get rid of the HUD screens.  Awesome!!!
,Recommended,310560,19551459,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,NathanielBlack,Simply amazing!
,Recommended,310560,19552892,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,darenz,THE Rally game.
,Recommended,310560,19552448,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Retro,"One of the best early access into a racing sim game I have seen in a long time. Great Game, I'm a big fan of the RallyCross.I hope to see more updates and that Codemasters continues their hard work. Super Challenging with all asists off."
,Recommended,310560,15586796,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,-=FFC=- suprlrs,"tl;dr; very promising, but needs better force feedback asap!The early access only came out today, so this is just a point in time observation after 2,4 hours of driving 3-4 cars on 3-4 stages - it's a lot of fun, especially with the Oculus Rift DK2 on!Graphics are good, but can of course always get better. Luckily, with a rally sim, this is more than good enough. I mean, you won't have time consider the number of polygons in a tree unless you park in one. I also guess that codemasters are very efficient, With my GTX 970 the default gfx settings in Dirt Rally are set to ""ultra"", and I still can't hear the fans spin up.  And while things aren't as detailed and shiny as other recent sims out there, the weather  and daylight effects are beautiful, and driving in both rain and moonlight was a blast. And, oh my god, the sound of the group B cars... This might just be why I couldn't hear the fans on my graphics card :)The bad part - remember, this is early access day 1 - is the force feedback. After trying many different settings on my G27 I'm still not feeling it. I really need more information from the wheel to get the level of immersion a simulation like this requires, so I can't really tell how ""realistic"" this feels yet. That said, driving on snow, mud and gravel seems to be close to what I guess the real thing is like, but on asphalt the cars seem a tad too planted.Looking forward to seeing this title develop in the future!"
76561197991687464,Recommended,310560,15587059,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Da33er,"Bloody brilliant! SLI works beautifully, it looks great and its really hard to keep the car on the track! Love it and can't wait to see where this game goes!"
,Recommended,310560,19387234,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,najtrows,The best rally sim out there at the moment. Loving it!
76561198224356252,Recommended,310560,19554873,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MAXimumVelocity,"This is a really great game, and I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good challenge. The physics are very realistic, and when you do a clean stage, there's nothing else like it. This is one of my favorite games of all time."
76561197982460251,Recommended,310560,20154313,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,asikis75,"1st Review ever on a steam product. (yes i am kind of lazy at reviews)Before buying - investing time and effort in the game please read up on the dreaded steam error code 41 issue. Apparently it has been around forrever and codemasters are unable to replicate - fix it.If it happens to you the game is dead and you must move on.In other news,Game is AMAZING. Buy it if you are a fan of well made HARD games, its like Dark Souls on wheels.My favorite quote - tip from the forums regarding dificulty :Random Joe : ''Guyz how do i adjust the AI difficulty? I keep finishing in the bottom 3''Amazing Answer : ''The game features dynamic dificulty, the harder you press the throttle, the harder the game gets''Pro Tip : Be prepeared to suck, if you imagine yourself going up pike's Peak like Ari Vatanen while pwning noobs in leaderboards, you are going to be dissapointed.But when you finish a session without totaling the car and with a respectable - competitive time you will feel 100% special."
,Recommended,310560,19836581,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,JollySU<OverWatch>,"To me this game reminds me of single track mountain biking only with a Rally Car.  I have played codemaster games for many years Dirt, Dirt 3, Showdown and this game is challenging and gruelling.It is difficult to go full speed compared to Dirt 3 for example, the driving physics are very ""real"" and starting out you will flip your car and hit things.Once you get over the learning curve the game really has no equal in driving sims.  The terrain has so many different levels it is hard to drive the same ""line"" ever.Online play is great, kind of lonesome without people to race against.  You just race against their time, but the ""Bonus"" credits are welcomed in a game where it takes a while to buy the cars.Overall codemaster has created a game for the driving ""gamer"" and harcore codemaster fans will certainly enjoy this title.The UI is very good, clean and easy to follow with ""huge"" buttons.  Buy this game if you enjoy codemaster games.  If you enjoy playing with ""real"" people buy Showdown.Thank you,Later"
76561198134334420,Recommended,310560,19986947,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Itachi,"So ive been looking for a solid racing game for my oculus rift DK2. So far ive tried out AC and Project Cars which are both a total pain in the A$$ to set up as well require a ton of tweaking in the grapichs menu because they run horribly on high settings even with my rig which is no slouch (GTX980... i7 4790K 4.5... 16g RAM) that would also feel good with my g27 racing wheel. DiRT Rally delivers on every level. First off the game is a breeze to set up with the DK2. Theres plenty of guides to show yow you how to do it but its pretty much as simple as having the latest Runtime for your Oculus, setting it to ""DIRECT Mode"" for once and editing a small ini. file to have the refresh rrate set to 75 and the resolution better. The game will launch on both your main monitor displaying your game so you can navigate the menus which arent horrible  but tough to do inside the RIFT. Its absolutely buttery smooth in game, the immersion is fantastic, its an absolute must for VR users which in my opnion, is the best ive had so far. Im not sure what it will run like on lower rigs, but i can say that my experience alone with this PC has been the best simply for how fluid the headtracking is.graphically its beautiful, and the sounds with a nice headset are awesome. All and all its worth the purchase, ill be getting plenty of time out of it."
76561198112633347,Recommended,310560,15584760,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Eraserheadx,Oculus rift DK2 works in direct rift mode ! great job !
,Recommended,310560,25279190,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MisterDking,You never really learn how to swear until you learn how to drive.
,Recommended,310560,32347903,Posted: 11 June,all,Mara Jadewind,"I'll try to make this review simple just like the Co-Driver/Navigator note goes. DiRT Rally is definitely the most amazing and gorgeous Rally Racing Game out in the market. It has one of the most beautitful graphic, environment, immersion and level of details I've ever seen, it was so sweet to gaze upon at. The BGM, VOILA !! is astoundingly blend in with the race, the surrounding... and the game DiRT Rally itself.DiRT Rally is really TOUGH and UNFORGIVING! It take time to master and sink in. One simple wrong movement or some silly mistake the race can goes down in blink of an eye. For what DiRT Rally has in store for us, if you're a fans of RALLY RACE. You're now looking at the most astounding masterpiece Rally Racing Game that are able to offer adrenaline rush and amazing WRC experience...and DiRT Rally is your wisest choice you ever make in your pursuit of Rally Racing Experience.So get your DiRT Rally today.Not forgot to mention DiRT RALLY does not come with extended DLC CONTENT for carpack A B C, DLC race course 1 2 3 4 + extra bonus 5, MAX Money Milking Scheme and full of nothing but plenty DLC CONTENT like other Racing game out there."
,Recommended,310560,30756100,Posted: 26 March,all,FOOL-OF-A-TOOK,"Punishing, challenging, frustrating and rage-quit-inducing, but oh so rewarding when you nail the stages and see the timings in green.The best rally sim game ever made!"
,Recommended,310560,17859334,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,||Stinger,"I don't know where to begin with this game. All I can say, is that it reminds me of a beautified, remastered, excellent version of the very addicting game of my childhood, RallySport Challenge. I love how far the graphics have come with this game, if I could run it in 60 frames on my PC, it would almost be like I was driving a real rally car. It still basically is on my Medium/High quality setup. The way you can tweak the car's chassis reminds me so much of RSC, and the physics engine and graphics in this game just scream Rally Simulator. Fantastic job.There are several things however that I am hoping you guys will look over to make this game a masterpiece. One of the things that I would like to see fine-tuned, is a refinement of the graphics. Before anybody jumps on me, yes, the graphics do look absolutely spectacular on Ultra in 60fps. Even on Ultra though, I feel that there is more detail you could include in the terrain (Such as birms, in some areas, and some objects and ground effects), and also the cockpit of the car. One thing that really kills me in this(and many other racing games) is the CROWD. I know it would bog performance to refine the crowd models, but staring at blow-up dolls in the crowd really lowers the self esteem as a driver. It's saddening to know that the people cheering for you are just cardboard cutouts. Another thing I noticed that bugged me in terms of the graphics, was the car models. Isachsen's 2014 STi Rally Cross car, is PRETTY good, but it is very disproportionately fat in places like the rear (even if it does have a wide body kit). The headlights and other areas don't seem to have amazing depth really either. Just more nit picking though.Something else that is already clearly stated to be expanded upon, is the car selection. This part for me is more like suggestions. I personally love Subarus, lets just get that out of the way. I think since Subaru Rally Team has made such a big impact throughout the history of rally, and just even the past couple of years, I would love to see a plentiful array of Subaru rally cars and skins. (I really wanted to drive the '95 impreza with the 555 Colin McRae skin, but it wasn't present in Early Access). I would like to see the Skins for Pastrana, Higgins, Isachsen(Already added), Lasek, and McRae. If maybe the Hawkeye model STi('06-'07), the Bugeye STi('02-'03 model) and also David Higgins' new 2015 STi, that would be super rad. Someone also mentioned Ken Block as well. An Evo wouldn't hurt as well. The list goes. I love the selection of cars that is already rolling in the game however, many different popular rally brands, accurate and not missing a beat.A couple things about the menu UI that I had small issues with as well, were one, the menu navigation. You have to use the arrow keys on the keyboard or the controller to navigate through the menu. This really isn't that big of a deal, but I think it's generally easier to be able to slide around and click boxes with the mouse as well. One bigger thing that bothers me, is that the last big racing game I played was Forza 4, so my controller setup consists on Handbrake-A;Gearup-B;GearDown-X, and I can go in and change the controller settings for this game, but I find that it seems to reset back to defaults often for me. I don't know if this is my fault of not knowing how to save, or a small bug in the game, but something to possibly look at, I don't know.It's like 2:00am, and I can't think of many other things I wanted to see change right off the top of my head. I do want to give CodeMasters a big appauld on this game, even in Early Access. If they were to release the full game as is, I would still give it a perfect score, it is seriously that good. Hopefully by reading through that big mess of text above, I would be a help to you to refine the game and make it a masterpiece of a racing game for even the whole next decade.(P.S: Not to say we should throw random mini-games into a potential Rally Simulator, but speaking of Ken Block, bringing back the Gymkhana game mode would be kind of a cool little addition on the side. Of course, only after all of the polishing and fine-tuning is done with the game. Just saying ;p)Thank you for listening."
76561198371832014,Recommended,310560,32117249,Posted: 1 June,all,i try my best,"Before you purchase this game, if your looking for a simulator to real world physics, then this is the game for you. But I must warn you, it is from my testing that its nearly IMPOSSIBLE to play on keyboard. But on xbox controller and other gamepads it plays well.  8/10"
,Recommended,310560,17825169,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ownowbrwncow,9/11 only because there is no lancer evolution
76561197975611549,Recommended,310560,17842854,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,natasha8384,"Negative:- this is not the game for a casual gamer or an average driver -- it will take lots of effort and repetition to get among the first 3 at any stage;- cars still have a slightly floating feeling (especially on gravel);- penalty times are excessive;- after minor accidents, the car is on purpose (80% of the time)  positioned in the opposite direction so you lose time turning it around; many accidents seem ""staged"" to increase difficulty- foliage could be betterGood:- everything else- lots of fun for people who are either great drivers or like everything the hard way"
,Recommended,310560,18854968,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,DrunkenShooter,"I love this game. Car handling, sound, visuals everything feels right. Even in early access game has good optimisation, updates are regular and massive. There are no rewind time ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, if you make a mistake, game will punish you and this will be justified. Even with controller driving is satisfying and give me solid and enjoyable experience. The learning curve is a bit narrow, but there is a good chunk of assists for beginners. Start with slow FWD car, progress to RWD and learn to use gas.If you love rally or cars in general, you should buy this game.I see only one negative side: i want to invest in good driving wheelAnd for gigles:-Co-driver said: ""Don`t cut""-I cut, almost totaled my car and puncture 2 wheels. Finished 3rd-Sometimes he said: ""Be brave"" It really cheer me up."
76561197961303624,Recommended,310560,15600415,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,MythWaker,"Loud rippling exhausts, big rocks, slippery blady ice and big mofo trees. If you can manage all that and keep your car straight and fast and....get it to the line then you can drive!All I can say is this is not the Dirt with all the fancy bits but a pure rally game! Codies take my money I have been waiting for this for years!!!!"
,Recommended,310560,35013931,Posted: 16 September,all,BoverChicken,I'm basically a racing driver now.
,Recommended,310560,21276088,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Jay,"I've had a really great time learning to play this game. Still learning and practicing, but it definitely gets better with time. But no matter how good I get the tracks, cars, and weather challenge me constantly.I have played racing games casually since my teens. Played tons of the Gran Turismo series, with the most experience in 3. Played a fair amount of Forza Motorsport 4 on X360. But where those games were challenging up to the point where you figure out how to best the AI and no further, this game keeps on challenging me even after I think I've figured it out. It only takes one momentary lack of concentration to ruin a stage time.Truth be told, I am terrible at racing games in general, but I enjoy the thrill of speed. In this game you really can feel the speed, especially in headcam. There are times where you will white-knuckle the controller, heart racing, and on the edge of your seat. You will cry when you hit the trees and laugh when you do a double barrel-roll and continue on.10/10, will rage quit again. and again.After a year and about 300+ more hours, this game still provides the same thrill as always. However, at this point I feel like I have too many tracks completely memorized which makes for less excitement."
76561198032737082,Recommended,310560,22637659,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Eber,"Very addictive, lot's of bumps, spectacular crashes and fun!As you go through each car you can feel the tension rising.Worth every penny."
76561198004348785,Recommended,310560,23263526,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Ricson48185,"Love it, realistic, fun and fast. Cars and vehicle dynamics are great. Wish there was more multi player. I am hoping more to come with some DLC. Most bugs are worked out and they are pretty good about patching problems."
,Recommended,310560,25040396,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,raz3r,Simply the best rally game available.
76561198166034861,Recommended,310560,28977313,Posted: 3 January,all,HulkyBear ♔,"It's the best rally game out there and sadly it probably will be for an eternity. The sad part is that the game is really ♥♥♥♥ing hard, like stupid hard. I have this thing of enjoying a game by finishing the career, and if I can't finish that, whats the point. I mean I can finish it, but it would be not amongst top 3. For me there is no fun going 3000mph through a stage just to find out you're 7 seconds behind already and have 3-4 more checkpoints before finish. They should call the game Dirt Rally: Restart & Ragequit. (Yes, I also suck, so it might just be me who is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about this, but i doubt it)Other than that, it's the ultimate rally game, its epic in a way i'm pretty sure no other rally game has ever come close to. Or maybe will. So I do recommend the game, but if you want to feel joy, like to win or have fun, play any other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rally game:p"
,Recommended,310560,26231299,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Papa Carlito,Best rally game i have played so far. Gives you a real challenge.
,Recommended,310560,15627620,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Kush,10 char
,Recommended,310560,15627691,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Squeeze,glorious
,Recommended,310560,19689499,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Magnetix -a-,"Best Racing game 2015, true Rally gameplay in a beautiful engine that is well optimzed. Tons of fun while being hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥and unforgiving at the same time. No more replay ""flashback"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If you crash you crash, your out, if you smack into something with a tire, it will pop, making your steering and acceleration go to♥♥♥♥♥♥  Great engine noises and wide variety of stages.9.9/10 -Needs some toyotas, GT4 Celica or the AW11 groub B prototype."
76561198034974365,Recommended,310560,34579084,Posted: 29 August,all,Triggered Weeb,Learnt more about driving through this than I did on 15 hours of driving lessons.  GG codemasters GG.
,Recommended,310560,34795630,Posted: 7 September,all,SlantyShanty,"I play in VR, and snow tracks will make me rage quit and trow my headset. 5/5 would be angry Af again."
76561198047141123,Recommended,310560,19397794,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,paranoid2,"Did hesitate on buying this game and now I'm asking me why. This is game is one of the best racing sims. Challenging, frustrating and lots of fun."
,Recommended,310560,26000433,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Zeeman,"This is the ""Dark Souls"" of Racing games."
76561198115175576,Recommended,310560,30604715,Posted: 18 March,all,barajasl011,"I love this game it very technical. gets better if you play with a steering wheel,"
,Recommended,310560,16905025,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Mace-x,"The game is fantastic, development is fast and Codemasters listens and delivers, a must buy for sim/racing/rally lovers! 8/10 (For the alpha), final release will be a 10/10 game, i´m sure!"
,Recommended,310560,18376915,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,❥hobokins☠,Don't let the bushes fool you.. they may be tiny and appear weak but they will REK U M8.
,Recommended,310560,18382636,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Terroristiristo,Best rally game i have played in a long time :)
76561198063965916,Recommended,310560,18119525,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,RockyDylanBebb,"Best game ever, when it rains in the game you get wet."
,Recommended,310560,18413873,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,[?] Parousia ネメシス,"After the dirt 3, this game is all about concentration. No replay buttons, no flashback. What annoys me is I can't afford a gaming wheel (Logitech g27). But the mouse config update really helps. Thanks a lot."
76561198034008906,Recommended,310560,18288528,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,JPL083,"This is just so brilliant that running out of word's... And i wasn't waiting Finland rally to be in autumn, but my god it looks beautiful, showing Finland nature's full potential without snow, and the car's are now alive... exept those that are now deep in the forest... :) totally new and good idea FRESH i would say, but it should be always the same way, huoh... Some people already running their mouth that it is't real deal, well now here look's just like that, and the rally's are all based to real roads and countries but not full rallye's. These are rallies for gamer's and it's just good in that way. RBR didn't have real rallye's, so didn't that good WRC in PS2... 1,2 and Evolved... something like that, plus C-M's. Keep it going Codemasters, you have already made the best rally game ever!"
76561198000112696,Recommended,310560,18296812,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Infected Psycho,"YES!!!!!!!! AT LAST!!!!!! No wonder F12015 was so appaling, all the decent members of the team must have been shifted over to this..........SUPERB! Best thing since Richard Burns Rally all those years ago.  Thank you!"
76561197970407906,Recommended,310560,18353209,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Woodentop,"Dirt Rally returns to its original format and it is a winner.Rally Cross is a nice addition to the normal rally action.This is early access done right, lots of frequent content and constant feedback being taken on board as to what the community want to see. This game is very challenging to the casual gamer however if you put time in it is very rewarding."
76561198097085689,Recommended,310560,18294752,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Speeder832,"would 100% recommend this game, i wasnt much of a fan of rally driving before i got this game. but now i ♥♥♥♥ing love it.. this is by far the most intense and most difficult racing game i have ever owned. if you have a Force Feedback wheel but you dont have this game.. then what the ♥♥♥♥ are you doing, buy it now. go on. click the purchase button"
76561198044261338,Recommended,310560,18231218,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,acq,"""A game that ruthlessly tries to kill your virtual driver at every corner100/10""Coming from tarmac and concrete games, this was a serious eye opener. Do i like it ? Yes ! It is a game that forces you to learn the skills. This is challenging and incredibly difficult at the same time. This makes it all the more satisfying when you get through stages with a good time."
76561198248648942,Recommended,310560,18238419,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,melin,"Finally, a rally SIM I can play other than Richard Burns.  I love RBR but its getting long in the tooth.  This has been long over due and its finally here! YES!!!  So far Im loving the early version.  Thank you sooo much Codemasters, (just dont screw up the final release :)  lol  )"
76561198014804802,Recommended,310560,18314552,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,benjiz13,A Masterpiece
,Recommended,310560,18381831,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ArchDrake,"Good game, bad camber. Immediate buy this game now, be brave. 100."
76561198025614546,Recommended,310560,18348425,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,xpoun's booster,"I have an xbox 360 controller for this gameat first this game was VERY hard for me, i just kept practicing and i can actually get 1st place here and there with RWD/AWD cars in some maps/tracks/whatever its called and WRC Very hard is actually not that hard.so if you feel this game is too hard for you just keep practicing, you will get better."
,Recommended,310560,18562821,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Sqnner,"I play with 360 joystick, and I can assure anyone that it works. Over time, sometimes I manage to get to the top 3 on pro difficulty. An awful lot of practices are still needed, though. Different tracks in different weathers with different cars substantially feel... well, different.The rallycross to me feels like an opening appetizer, it's great to start with to familiarize how Dirt Rally works without much of punishment. The main course, the rally,  is the nerve-wrecking experience and will set my morale to the lowest level possible. I learn that if during a race I feel that it'd be a perfect run, then I must be doing it wrong. Hillclimb is another horror story. No co-driver will leave you to just yourself to guess what's coming. Without any barks from my side shouting directions, it feels too quiet that it's frightening, really.Oh, one last thing. Never trust the co when he says ""a cute, right?"" Nothing cute there!Need a tutorial?https://www.dirtgame.com/uk/video/watch/0WlBntwsOdA/dirt-rally-tutorial---basics-of-rally-drivingThat should get you going."
,Recommended,310560,18414151,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,arnavguru28,No Dudes and Amigos....Only Masters....10/10P.S.: Eat a d*** corners
,Recommended,310560,18190624,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Jynnent_Onyx,"Even at the Early Access stage this game is already incredible. It's much more sim-y than arcade-y compared to previous DIRT games, which I love.Wonderful and pure driving experience, highly recommend."
76561197997548202,Recommended,310560,18365266,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Roboute Guilliman,Great rally sim. Probably the best one out there.
76561198016569516,Recommended,310560,18461843,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,oLDsKooL,"A great rally sim enjoying every minute. Cant wait for more updates not that it needs it superb as it is. Its very challenging, great graphics and physics lots of fun well done codemasters a masterpiece."
,Recommended,310560,18573582,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ZeFrenchStickler,Loving it. Hoping more content to come. More customisation of car and more in depth money management.
76561198110794614,Recommended,310560,18634635,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,The Good Dave,Don't cut.
,Recommended,310560,18266758,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Redsteak,Excellent driving physics; real classic rally challenge; great visuals; and amazing amount of content that gets added onto massively and for free by the developers. This is THE RBR spiritual successor.
,Recommended,310560,18282110,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,LaceySnr,"Don't think I've enjoyed a rally game so much since Colin McRae 2, and I spent a LOT of time playing that.Everything about this game just feels great, every time I hear ""line"" from the co-driver I know I'm about to get a thrill. Planning to buy a wheel just for this game."
,Recommended,310560,18293035,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Horntail,"As a rally fan it really makes me happy to see a new rally sim, i have played alot of Colin McRae Rally 04/05 and have missed something similar.i give this a huge thumbs up, and with the updates it gets better every time!If you love rally this is the game for you, if you love racing, this is also the game for you, and if you love racing sim's this is hands down the game for you"
76561198030972759,Recommended,310560,18378326,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,fabiangc,One of the best racing games out there. Hard to imagine a rally game getting better than this. Keep adding content and DLC codemasters.
,Recommended,310560,19800665,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Ninjafluff,"Hands down, the best racing game that I have played for quite some time. The graphics are tops, as well as the sounds. Thank You Codemasters for making this game far from the other DiRT offerings."
,Recommended,310560,18944254,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,DoctorHoo,"Codemasters did a very good job with this title. Game can be easily compared to Richard Burns Rally cause of its ""more like-sim driving physics"" than Dirt 3. Game is still in early access, so for some players amount of stages or cars might not be enough, but they are still being added so this number will be growing in future. I've just hope that Codemasters will keep their content-adding method like they are doing it right now, by putting it into free updates, not paid DLC's like they've did with their GRID games. But if they will keep it that way like now, they will achieve success with this game."
,Recommended,310560,23515679,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Del Pantus,Got this game a on sale and am currently enjoying it very much. It is very challenging even for someone who is experienced in racing games. This game offers a very realistic alternative to many other racing games that include some sort of rally aspect. The constant track notes from your co-driver add even more authenticity to the experience and difficulty over a minimap.Overall I rate this game a 9/10
,Recommended,310560,19744076,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Zookat,A challenging game but fun to play9/10
76561198279799862,Recommended,310560,22301806,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Ozzmosis,"Video makes gameplay look great.. actual gameplay nothing like it....Have a brand new gaming rig (2016 build), Logitech G29 wheel etc, and enjoy many modern driving sims... was so looking forward to this being the rally experience to match, but have been sadly let down.Steering... not enough options to get the feel/feedback right.... wheel feels like it has a gap in centre... car drives like it is on marbles... crashed so many times I thought it was a crash derby game.Then we have the windscreen crack... same crack for every different model car.. very lazy programming.It just does not feel like it has the quality of a top end game. Drive like a granny and you can get around the tracks fine.. but put your foot down, and you will slip, slide, fall down mountains, hit trees and write your car off... which gets very boring very quickly.Had I been driving this with a keyboard, I could have understood it not responding to my movements.. but I am using a wheel and pedals... and no other game I have purchased so far react this bad... I even spent ages trying different settings to try and make it more real... but no... turn off feedback and the wheel is far too loose.. turn it on, and the wheel almost rips your hands off...whilst you are trying to keep the pram wheels on track, as they really do feel like pram wheels.I then thought I would try different cars incase that was the problem.. Audi... Pikes Peak.... too much take off power, you will spin around in circles hitting everything... too fast into a bend... even foot breaking and handbrake, you ARE going off track.... its no fun driving like a granny just to complete each section.When companies release these games, they should at least try and make them 100% compatible with the most commonly available retail steering wheels.. and have MORE options....turn down feedback etc... take away the flat zone in centre of wheel... (which is not there on any of the other driving sim games I have )Overall... a very good looking rally sim, graphics are fab, car models are fab, sounds are ace, especially through my turtle beach..... just let down by the mechanics for playability. If i wanted to drive on ice.. i would have bought an icerink game...... every track, course feels the same.. too slippery... wheels do not grip enough... and you are guaranteed to hit an earth bank, snow bank or tree, no matter how hard you try not to at speed.Having been professionally driving for close on 32 years now, I was highly disappointed with this game. But maybe I just have not mastered the correct settings yet for my Logitech G29 on this game?...... it must be awful on a keyboard or controller.Do I still recommend the game? Yes... I like all driving games..."
,Recommended,310560,20267445,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SlamDaddyMcNasty,"Great game! An early access, turned full release that actually delivered. This game is everything you could want in a rally simulation. Very unforgiving, however, if you put the time into learning it you'll feel rewarded.~Edit 1 VR support is long awaiting and fantastic. Running on medium settings with a 780ti and it's extremely smooth. It breaths a new life into this game especially paired with a wheel and pedals"
76561198065798959,Recommended,310560,15601961,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,franzbauerfranz,"I'm no guy of many words and this is my first review, but I don't know I just want to share my experiences so far.First things first, I was really surprised when I heard about a new DiRT and I'm actually very glad that it's only about rally...and soon to come pikes peak.If you are a fan of DiRT I personally recommend this game.A few positive things in this game are:+Great graphics+It's actually a sim and the physics are for me quite nice+Many and long tracks, (3 places, 36 tracks...the longest I drove so far was over 8 minutes)+The sound is incredible, just listen to the quattro :D+I find it cool that there is already something like a career...and more points I can't think of right now (damn, writing reviews is hard work :D)But I think there are also not so positive aspects in the game:~The Force Feedback is...okay, with my g27 (If you're wondering) following setup is playable for me: 100%, 100%, 30%-The steering animation which still goes only 90° to each side, Codemasters PLEASE CHANGE THIS I WOULD LOVE YOU SO MUCH~The driver is trembling(?) very much, I think it looks unrealisticIn short, great game with much potential and minor problems like the FFB and the STEERING ANIMATION(CODEMASTERS PLEASE I DON'T KNOW WHY, BUT IT ANNOYS ME SO MUCH)If Codemasters listens to their as they said and also did already (DiRT Rally is here :D) I can see and hope for a bright future for this game.PS: Please don't hate me too much, it's my first review, ever"
76561198029059914,Recommended,310560,18710224,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Captaintomo,Incredible! So very hard but when you get a few corners linked up perfectly it delivers true enjoyment! 10/10 Recommend
,Recommended,310560,17833053,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Steven - Youtube Smit Gaming,Love this game !  Rallycorss has just made it 1000 times better.
,Recommended,310560,30481365,Posted: 12 March,all,Aseinsha,Colin Mcrae Rally 2016*fixed the name of this game.
76561198065871194,Recommended,310560,23532392,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Zol,"Revised ""review"".Yes.. managed to get it started(i was a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥& rather impatient)As they say - Dont Drink & Drive.. hehe.This game is tough like it should be.Plays well on my aging GTX 690."
,Recommended,310560,17786812,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,DreamKiller,"Don't cut.No, seriously... Don't cut."
76561198020823154,Recommended,310560,15586831,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,vr gaming evolved,This game is top class for early access feels like Dirt 2.And it has oculus dk2 supporthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HC-HRuGchHs
,Recommended,310560,15589256,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,GEE-BEE,"Yes this is defo a sim.But i like it, taking time to get use to the controls at the moment but, what I can say for Early Access it's very very promising.Its Evil this game, relentless even and very unforgiving, But I like it!!!!So far I've lost a wheel and had my mini look like a smart car.There's no driving lines, It's full damage, its clip any form of scenary and you are in danger!Theres puddles before sharp turns, which if you use in car view like me is a nightmare, But I like it!!!!!No rewinds and very little aids to help you.Graphics are good even though some people are complaining, Co driver voice also works for me even though people are saying it isn't for them?Its a game you're going to have to put in time and effort to get good at.Yet to come anyhere near to a clean race."
,Recommended,310560,17443071,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,qngage,early access review:whoaaa.. truly a great rally sim!!!i finally understand what understeer means!!!11/10 would try to understand what ABS meansfull release review:whoaaa.... what was ABS again?11/10 would try to understand what scandinavian flick means
,Recommended,310560,18482200,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,gaslipstick,5/5 Black round pirelli.
,Recommended,310560,19551359,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Send bob,"best rally simulation yet.this game will keep you on the edge of your seat, and you will be tired after almost every run since this game demands alot of concentration and planning."
,Recommended,310560,18336918,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mona Lisa Overdrive,"Frustrating. Simple. Elegant. The driving point (no pun intended) is still to go fast enough to impress yourself in the replay. As somebody put it, in Dirt Rally, the road is a living thing. Gravel, snow, pavement--it all feel drastically different on the sticks (thumbsticks). Never before have the controls felt so authentically hair-raising. Steering with the wheels as much as the throttle is a major element here. Best played with an XBOX controller for Windows, Rally stands alone as the modern definitive rally racing simulation.You owe this purchase to yourself. See you online."
76561198032135621,Recommended,310560,18350756,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Cyrax nzed,"Excellent SoundsExcellent variety of roads to be driven onVery nice Graphicsover time this Sim has gotten better withe every updat.Absolutely love this Rally SIMThe new Update with the Country of finland is a such fun, catching big air with Group B cars is so awesome.Good bye to Richard Burns rally, that sim is way too old, this is so much better."
76561198041400638,Recommended,310560,23511514,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,JJ_Rao,"Is this the best available rally sim? Depends. If EXTREMELY DIFFICULT = realistic, than no. RBR has extremely difficult to handle cars (realistic? perhaps not, but difficult nonetheless). But a sim is not meant to just be difficult. Its meant to be immersive, detailed, unforgiving and rewarding when done right. DiRT Rally ticks all those boxes."
76561198144552634,Recommended,310560,19652784,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Angry Beard,"Ive not felt so♥♥♥♥♥♥at a racing game since i was 5.Get it wrong and you may as well dig yourself a hole,climb in and cover yourself over with dirtHowever,get it right and you will feel top of the world.Good job codies,good job.10/10"
76561198094562938,Recommended,310560,23458113,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,GasMaskedGamer,"""Don't cut""I didn't listen and ended up wrapped around a tree10/10 would crash again"
,Not Recommended,310560,31737919,Posted: 13 May,all,ImAHoars,"Fun to play but as far as ""Realism"" still plays like virtually every other car game out there other than with some unique differences - let me explain.  If you can imagine driving a mini and being sideswiped by a hummer with reinforced titanium plating then that would proabably be the best analogy for the AI car physics sorry i mean ""Immovable Objects"" you race against. Another very frustrating thing is their uncanny ability to be able to out pace you out of a corner even on a perfectly executed entrance/exit.  I have played with the fine tuning of the car which works very well to modify how your car handles  but again the AI will always out perform you regardless when you are behind them racing in the same style of car.Basically if you get a crap start or ever so slightly botch a corner exit, brake too early whatever or choke slightly in the joker lane then your race is over - restart/restart/restart - AI dont make ANY mistakes I have only seen one of them crash in over 50+ races - even when they scrub a corner the recovery is well beyond what your ability to recover is. Quick race summery - 3.2.1. GOoooo Perfect start great lane to take joker on opening lap - car behind takes joker behind you out breaks you slams your car in to a spin and sneaks inside  - fair enough rubbing is racing lets restart your in 4th with 4 laps - lets face it your not going to catch them - Restart - Perfect start you tussel for position - sandwiched between two cars you attempt to try take .......BOUNCE your paper car hits one of the sherman tanks and your in the wall again at this point your race is over - OK restart. we can do this just focus.  3.2.1 GOOOO again perfect start they too get perfect start but your in pole and have the lead WOOHOO this is going - wait a sec imovable object just pushed me in to another imovable object you all hit the wall - but they are not phased and lose no speed but you've grinded to a halt its ok though u recover and only lost 2 positions, ok we are not going to restart we can get this race back we are still in third with three laps to go.......Restart - OK you made the final 6 laps this should be good - enough time to catch anyone if I slip up or get side swiped 3.2.1 GOOOoooo your in first you feel great this is it you can smell victory no wait thats no victory Im smelling its my engine I slid in the rain hit the wall over steering a corner - its ok I lost 2 position er 3 posit Damn it 4 positions comon ur a beast you can catch them you've played racing games for years YOU GO THIS fierce look on your face, your race face  Grrrrr -   fast forward............lap 5 of 6 the drugery the heartbreak the utter look of disgust on your face you have watched them in the distance  just our of reach - you drove perfect not 1 more mistake you managed to  gain slightly but have to settle for fourth as there is no condition where your speed ability or execution of a course will get you back in the race - Lap times Oh you got the fastest laps? and by a huge margin that's odd still couldn;t catch them :( Better luck next race.Ok all salt aside It is funfor a while - and worth it @ 70% off but it gets VERY old quick when your basically racing your own lap times or getting 1st because they can't get past you - rarely are you racing other cars your just trying your hardest to not make a single mistake or yeah its over.  Honestly though It's not really any different to any other rally/car game I have played other than the overtuned AI that I guess is designed or cheesed to make it more ""challenging"" but is not realistic by any stretch.  Cars sound great - graphics are ok but nothing to rave about definitly not 2017 quality tbh the graphics look very dated. Environment is sub par at best its not a pretty game - trees and grass, people, flags etc - look terrible for todays standards and I can't help but feel that this is an old game code with a sligthly fresher cosmetic touch-up i.e  Original ""Dirt"" game with a update to car textures and sound."
,Not Recommended,310560,26112095,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mr milkboy,only having the oculus rift support  and not even talking about why and not planning to add vive support and then just patch out the unofficial way of doing it. if modders can do it in less then a week why cant you add it in after months.Great add playstation VR support with co driver mode... we on vive still waitingThe game is great if you want to play it on a monitor doe
76561197996952326,Recommended,310560,18840859,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,btc8500,"Itrs the Dogs B-llocks, Its about time we had a Good Rally game on PC..."
,Recommended,310560,17388281,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,GavMcC,"DiRT Rally..A very Special game, one which leaves no room for doubt.I've played allot of rally game's, all the way back to the PS1.Colin McRae DiRT was a great start. DiRT 2 was a respectable predecessor. DiRT 3 was a shame.DiRT Rally is, like I said, special.It has no Gymkhana or Trailblazer, no annoying Ken Block, with his ""Dude"" and ""Bro"" poisoning your ears.It's pure, it's cared for. There is no lust for money or business stratedy. It's a rally game, made to feel like a rally game. It has passion for what it is. The Dev's have passion for what they're creating. I have passion for what I'm playing.This game is in Early Access. I suggest you access it early."
,Recommended,310560,18163579,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,EpicPosterGuy,"Bloody brilliant, best rally game/sim out right now, except for rbr maybe, but at this point this is quite debatable.Edit : its now out of EA and the statement still stands, great title !"
,Recommended,310560,22506852,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,T-800,"very rally, much dirt, so beautiful, dem soundz. pvp wow3difficult5me"
76561198047963518,Recommended,310560,20597638,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Ball Touches,By far the most polished racing experience on the pc. you race alone however in time trial style races and it can be difficult to win. all in all though an excellent game would highly recommend.
76561198126029176,Recommended,310560,15626020,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,H[ei]T°,Codemasters are back!!! Awesome game!!! Everyone who loves rally should have this!!! 11/10
76561198144330152,Recommended,310560,24212453,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Zeamax,After 20 hours + playing dirt rally. Dirt 3 game became easier.  By the way. Tracks covered with snow can be hard at first but the real pain is tracks with mud.
76561198080690322,Recommended,310560,15704222,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,paulbenns,"Love it, love it, love it!!!!"
,Recommended,310560,27734557,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vlaskrog,It's sick af m8
,Recommended,310560,31045329,Posted: 9 April,all,DJJHUGHES,"Your wheel will hate you for owning this game, but you will love it."
76561198009781456,Recommended,310560,15617860,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,ElGato,Best Rally Sim Ever
,Recommended,310560,16804615,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ariari | 6doki,"An actual good dirt game without any of the dudebro stuff, just cars and dirt."
76561198114815688,Recommended,310560,19470607,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,zotto,I love this simulation de rally!
76561198009234802,Recommended,310560,15617863,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,KingBoB26,"Love It! Fun game, looks good, cant wait for more! GOOD JOB!"
76561197965674142,Recommended,310560,15970953,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,big nel,Best rally game in ages ...!
,Recommended,310560,29959347,Posted: 16 February,all,Fontti#24,"Grafiikat ei tuo sitä mielihyvää, minkä ajettavuus pelissä itessään maksa takasin."
76561198044635977,Recommended,310560,15672650,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,yellow man,"no gymkhana, 12/10"
76561198124098327,Recommended,310560,17510825,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,ϟηαḱeḎo¢тeґ,Awesome
,Recommended,310560,23501085,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,quote,"This game is a masterpiece as far as motorsports games are concerned. From the just two hours i've played, i can already tell i have hundreds more to come.VISUALSThe cars and environments looks great even on medium settings, and from the short time i've played so far i've seen 3 striking locales, especially snowy Monte Carlo. The cars are also very striking, bringing rally legends such as the Lancia Stratos HF and Ford RS200 to life in a beautiful way. 8.5/10GAMEPLAYThis game is brutally difficult. I came in 2nd on my first championship and the guy ahead of me had so much time on me i wanted to die. However, the very next championship, though still 2nd, i was much closer to him, which really made me feel a sense of progression, and feel like i might even be able to win if i really perservere, which puts a big smile on my face. As far as the driving goes, it's one of the best experiences i've ever had in a driving game, putting careful cornering through tight areas and delicate throttle control as top priority. The cars feel like they have some real weight to them, and i actually feel the risk as i push the gas maybe a little harder than i should. Between races, there's a small repair management section where you assign your crew to fix as much of specific aspects of your car as possible before you race again, and you can use the money you win from races to buy a better engineer team to further your repairing potential. I really enjoy this as i feel it adds another level of deepness to the racing. Speaking of money, that's your reward for winning in this game. Money can be used to buy both new engineer and new cars as far as i've seen. You get money deducted from your winnings if you restart events or damage your car. As far as rally games are concerned, this is the best one gameplay wise i've ever touched. 10/10PC SUPPORTThis game runs very smoothly at medium graphics on my low end gaming laptop (cost about ~600, 8GB ram NVIDIA 920m graphics card, nothing overclocked) It's never noticbly dropped frames. It supports many screen resolutions, and different sound setups for whether you have speakers or headphones. This game has some steam workshop built in, including downloading different car tuning setups, which is a great mechanic. The only noticble flaw i've had running this game is when i alt tab from fullscreen (there is no borderless windowed mode :c) i then have to re set my resolution and full screen settings before the screen will come back to normal. 8/10TL;DR VersionGame plays well, runs well on a medicore pc, and looks pretty good. Overall score 9/10, i would recommend this to anybody who's a fan of realistic motorsports games."
76561197960776570,Recommended,310560,18853178,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,False Shepherd,"This game is outstanding!I've never had so much fun playing a racing simulator.Graphics and sound are superb and the handling/physics are great.Lots of content with cars and tracks and the game isnt even complete yet.Thanks so much Codemasters for producing the most entertaining racing game i've played to date, and i've played them all."
,Recommended,310560,15667712,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Andii,<3
,Recommended,310560,16256767,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,(XXXX) Generic Gravy,"Fantastic game, great to see a challenging rally game come up on early access."
76561198055815784,Recommended,310560,30004316,Posted: 18 February,all,MGSylvester11,One of a kind its like a real driving off road & on road. Grapfics are really moving and you can take the driving into a new competetive edge. The best simulation game ever especially with the PC Xbox controller. Test of personal driving skills make sure that in real life in a car on the road you dont get to excited to end up on a st pole in case you get confused with this so called awesome Rally Car game simulation.
,Recommended,310560,15601602,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,TheLlamaLlama,Man lernt erst richtig fluchen wenn man fahren kann
76561198027063206,Recommended,310560,15922315,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,garydlrx7,I love dirt rally I start playind and have trouble stopping
,Recommended,310560,16554278,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Screamish,"In short, Rally has a new home. Haven't had this much fun with a rally game since RBR.When I first installed it a few weeks ago I was having a terrible time, but the receny FFB patch seems to have fixed things right up for my Logitech Driving Force GT. The sensation of all the tyres coming up through the wheel is just incredible. The one area I find a bit odd is the oversteer on hairpins, it feels like there's some assist going on (despite me having turned all assists off) although I could just be crazy.Anyway, brilliant game. Keep it coming, please!"
,Recommended,310560,16533872,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Vrill.,Don't you ever wish someone would just make a good modern rally sim already?Oh.. wait a second....
76561198008818553,Recommended,310560,17763932,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Slim Pickens,"I cry every time I play.  Its that good.  I'm sorry Richard Burns Rally, and the mods that have made you beautiful all these years, but Dirt Rally is the new girl in town and she doesn't wear panties. (Blush)"
,Recommended,310560,17421140,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Benneboii@twitch,"If you are like me and enjoyed every single racing game that would come out when you were a kid, you will love this. It's so emersive and the cars are so realistic. The raceing and the mapreader i spot on and the maps could not be any better. With all the constant major updates it dosen't even feel like an early acces game! It's just perfect, if you lvoe racing and realstic games, this is the one for you!"
,Recommended,310560,19798868,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Goose Moose,Bushes are OP
,Recommended,310560,18350865,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,murf,running in the 90s
,Recommended,310560,20574308,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,A.L.M,if you like/love rally games . this is the game for you
76561198184230093,Recommended,310560,20601144,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Viper2997,Best rally simulator ever.
,Recommended,310560,19779696,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,R34SPEC,Its harder than it looks.
,Recommended,310560,19634678,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,rektmeister xD,The best rally game i've ever played.
,Recommended,310560,20614658,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,[JC]FishPound,The most difficult and realistic feeling racing games I've ever played.
,Recommended,310560,25698466,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Apex^Wut,Love this game. Played a lot during the early access. Bout as close to the real thing as you can get without a car.
,Recommended,310560,31738379,Posted: 13 May,all,gyeung,"This is the true DiRT, and, NEVER PLAY THIS WITHOUT STEERING WHEELS."
76561197961955941,Recommended,310560,19597680,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,°ToKen | WoMan°,sound +graphic +performance and control +4K +and finally it IS a RALLY game
,Recommended,310560,20007584,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,QuiZNo,DON'T CUT.
,Recommended,310560,27821680,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Skroggin,gud gam
,Recommended,310560,15678262,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,coupe_69,"At last Codemasters have finally released the rally game I've been waiting for since Colin McRae Rally all the way back on the PS1!If you love the rallying stages in the previous Dirt incarnations then you'll love this game.If you loved the Colin McRae rally series then you'll love this game.If you loved the Gymkhana and all the other Ken Block tosh in the Dirt series then you may want to give this one a wide berth, this is a game for real men ;-)"
76561198098830800,Recommended,310560,18824402,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Karb,Waste of money!Since I've been playing this game I haven't touched my other games or X-Box. All that money doning nothing...
,Recommended,310560,18851708,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Jupiter_Strain,"I'm starting to really get the hang of this game. It's beautiful, fun and feels like I literally have to CLAW for mid-pack. This is what I imagine a rally game should be.Monte Carlo's icy turns are horrifying, Wales is clusterphobic, Germany is unforgiving, Greece is brutal and Finland is deceivingly difficult.Even the cars are difficult to master. As I type this on the 2nd of November, I gave the new Lancer a shot. Suffice to say, I couldn't control the sheer power of the veichle.In speaking of control, the team is very good about being able to make adjustments on the cars, from transmission type to your ABS/STC to your brake bias. The game is deliciously complex in helping everyone find their right playstyle.I've been playing it when I get the time between my busy schedule and sleep, and I just can't help but to love it. Get the game as soon as you are financially able to so you don't have to pay more down the road."
,Recommended,310560,15671889,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,stealthcold,Finally a DiRT game like DiRT 1!
,Recommended,310560,15734860,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,McFailboat,Allahu Akbar [9/11]
,Recommended,310560,27055126,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd,"One of the most fun racing games I've ever played. I bought $1000 worth of Simulation gear just for this game, and I don't regret it at all."
76561198080152550,Recommended,310560,16734779,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ＮＥＴＳＣＡＰＥ,Are you sad? Feelig worthless? Tired of living? Wish you were never born?Peugoet 205 can help relieve the pain.End your life today- sincerely group B
76561198008562921,Recommended,310560,15788695,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,leonhzy,"if u r a fan of Dirt 2 and doesnt like anything other than rally game mode, and u want more challenge, this is the game for u. Otherwise dont even try it becuase this is a game for hardcore players.Game itself looks really nice, running around 60 FPS on high setting under 1080P with 2012 stardard graphic card.For a game start with early access, developer kept there promise and update the game with more tracks and cars on the way. I can insure u that this game will last years not month compare to other games if u r a hardcore rally fan."
,Recommended,310560,31824636,Posted: 18 May,all,OneWStreet,"Codemasters 10/10!BE FEARLESS!I'm expecting DiRT 4!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I enjoy this game quite a lot,but PLEASE DO NOTE that this game is unfriendly to laptops with NVIDIA Optimus.My laptop is Clevo P655RP6,which can work on optimus mode or discrete GPU mode(In order to switch between the them,I have to reboot the laptop and change the BIOS settings.).When the game runs on discrete GPU mode,everything is fine,actually quite smooth.However,the FPS sometimes drop to low 30s when my laptop runs on optimus mode,especially when the camera is inside the car.The difference can be easily seen during performace benchmark session.I hope they can fix this bug."
,Recommended,310560,31558477,Posted: 5 May,all,seanyc123,Car kino.
76561198089457384,Recommended,310560,27386038,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grün۞,"The grind is to much and you actualy have to be good at racing,"
,Recommended,310560,31818093,Posted: 18 May,all,guro,dont cut
76561197961974846,Recommended,310560,23519930,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Chicxulub,"First things first: The programmer of the roadbook function must be blind. It's rather useless. And the game is absolutely unforgiving. You will have to learn all tracks in order to stay alive.That said, the game is brilliant. A must have for all racing game fans. Btw, seriously... don't cut."
,Recommended,310560,15801759,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,DarkMavrik,"Oh sweet mother of the Group B rally class, Yes I reccommend this game to anyone who loves to convert gasoline to Adreline, who wants to have your heart pumping as you hurtle you car down a rally track close to loosing control. Constantly on edge, wondering if you are going to beat the other insane drivers, then you finally get to the end see your time, see that you survived yet again, let your body relax and then be ever so happy you are wearing those brown pants."
,Recommended,310560,25357036,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,HfG=lobofoto,Outstanding rally sim.
,Recommended,310560,15702531,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,N1nf,OMG FINALLY A DIRT GAME WITH PURE RALLY! I REPEAT! PURE... RALLY!!!I could litterly kiss codemasters now ;-;But honestly this game is so good it made my eyes explode10/10 eye exploding simulator
,Recommended,310560,22369615,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,TN Hoff,"I originally reviewed this game in early access, and recommended it then - but I feel the game has finally really ""arrived"" as a complete and polished product with the recent 1.1 update.  This is an excellent rally game, and will probably go down as the best of this generation.  This isn't an end-all, be-all, archival study of the sport of rally - but there's a good cross-section of most of the sport's history here, from the 60's up to today.  If you like rally games or want to try a challenging racing game that's a little different, I highly recommend this title.If you're a fan of the Dirt series, you'll be pretty much right at home here - and might even find a welcome change or two.  (Most notably, the lack of over-the-top monster-engery dude-bro put-that-on-youtube shenanigans.)  That, and the increase in realism.  Music analogy just for funzos: If Dirt 3 is old Misfits and Dirt Showdown is new Misfits, then Dirt Rally is Danzig.Since 1.0, there have been some changes.  Most importantly, the controls have been polished and refined: the overly ""pokey"" feeling has been rounded-out a bit, and the e-brake now feels like I think it should.  The handling is now satisfying in the way I was always hoping it would be.  A couple new cars and tracks have been added, rounding out the selection.  (1960's Alpine - not just an afterthought, either.  Sweet.)  There's not a ton of content, but there is a respectable variety, and what's here is packed with detail.  Menus have been polished a bit, and have a bit more life to them with some action in the backgorund.  Between the latest update and some new graphics drivers (AMD user here), the game runs significantly better and more smoothly on my machine than it did last time I played.  A very satisfying update indeed."
,Recommended,310560,19564714,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,bladej,"3 palavras,♥♥♥♥♥♥QUE PARIU ! ! ! !"
,Recommended,310560,20862721,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Chris The Irish Gamer,love this game so much fun
76561198272858974,Recommended,310560,25769681,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,luca_damien,"bought it for the sale but i think now its the time to buy the game because 50,- is i think after to much for the game and its hard in the start but after 3 hours and still learning (you need a wheel otherwise dont buy it)"
,Recommended,310560,19522713,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Zebra,10/10 barrel roll simulator
76561197998650537,Recommended,310560,19557440,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Monochrome Asian,I drive.  I crash.  I drive again.420/11
76561198001069544,Recommended,310560,19557670,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Clown Baby,Holy crap this game kicked my♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,310560,25124343,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,TL1KS,By far the best rally game of all time. Code masters nailed it on this one. they finally did it.
76561197982427610,Recommended,310560,15588265,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,jabba j,"WHERE DID THIS COME FROM !!!!!!!!Me and my mate have talked about a decent Rally game since the original CMR games.................AND THIS IS IT.Finally a decent game (that will only get bigger and better), with actual tracks. For the first time i can race  around the Sweet Lamb bowl where i am so used to standing in real life every November !UNBELIEVEABLE !Just buy it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198063526904,Recommended,310560,15596125,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,badash199,"What a surprise! This game came out of nowhere, on early access and it is already awesome! I have some complaints about the pace notes in french (sometimes too late, sometimes to early, ...) but the overall game is really good (graphics, sounds, commands with xbox controller). Can't wait for upcoming updates! Big thumbs up for Codemasters!"
76561198134786068,Recommended,310560,15602593,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Same.nohax,"I didn't play a lot so I can't tell my full review about this early access right now, but I took a moment to tell every owner of Fanatec GT2 and CSR and TH8a or TH8rs that this game is working with our wheel and shifter setup. I didn't find a way to use a clutch but for the moment i'm super hyped about this game. For my personnal opinion, SOUND is one of the main reason I love a some racing game and not other. Ihate Gran Turismo because of sound even if I liked the realism. I love Forza series, like at a point I will buy a Xbox One only for FH2. I'm a true sim guy too, so it need to make me feel like I really drive this car like mine ! I do love dirt 2 and 3 but this game have a real potential. The FFB is not the best for the moment, but it's working and you will able too feel some bumps and everything but it's not a full finish product and it's acceptable. Let's help codemaster with our objective/subjective review and give them our honest opinion about what you like and what you don't. For my taste if I have some traditionnal car like subaru (each gen if possible) and mitsubishi (each gen) too with some new Ford fiesta i'm good with the car taste and I would like to have rally and rally-cross race if possible. 1 vs 1 or 6 cars race. Nice work Codemaster keep it up. BTW their is no RBR reference because I never played this game, old graphics :(...p.s - GTX 770 4gb at High is possible."
76561198150473221,Recommended,310560,15605227,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Equilizer,"Buy this game Challenging not impossible and a constant rush !I recently started playing DiRT 3 and Enjoy the rush and rivalry in online rally.This game is most deff more of a simulation compared to DiRT3 but it still has a huge thrill and pucker factor not found in other racing games. I really like that it's hardcore vs DiRT 3.    I really like how the car (Mini and Quattro) performs, corners and grips does not feal like an arcade.I played Assetto Corsa , and basicaly got bored quickly I continue going back to it to see if I was missing anything or not giving the game a fair chance. it's well done and all just not fun to play.This DiRT Rally is a blast  to play after the 1st stage I ran i was very impressed after 2 hours now I am getting a real feel for the hand brake and counter steere.  Even running the 100 HP Mini through the forrest is major rush and challenge."
76561198015477597,Recommended,310560,15608170,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Mr. Thrilly,"Possibly the hardest Rally game I played. Mind you, I play it on my trusty XBox Controller.Still...10/10"
,Recommended,310560,15609027,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,MaChOMaNuGGeT^,"What a Great Start for Dirt Rally,Cant believe they have actualy took note and started to get a Really Good Rally sim released and Early Access to bootCodemasters make some awesome driving games and i am 100% sure that this when finished will be brilliant..You get a good deal now and this can only get better with time....-Looks amazing-Decent optimization-Good list of cars and tracks-Brilliant Sound / voice"
,Recommended,310560,15612996,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,retroChris,"Not sure if you should get behind this Early Access version of DiRT Rally ?Well.. this is the first Early Access game i ever(!) bought, and its perfect.Codemaster deliverd enought content for the price, enough cars, and enough tracks to get you going.And: Everything thats there works flawlessly, even my steering wheel which isnt officialy supported.Rally driving itself can be customized, lots of driving aids to put on or off, lots of visual settings, greatly optimized...A nice carrer mode, with upgradable cars, and team members (they repair your car during stages)Driving feels great and the tracks look great and feel great to drive (jumps, water splashes, etc)I mean certianly there are areas that arent yet optimized (steering wheel FFB maybe a point)But as of now, this is the most ""ready"" and bug free Early Access game on the planet.Flawless Victory !Like racing game ? Buy this, now.Cheerz"
,Recommended,310560,15613644,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,CUDGEdaveUK,This gets 10/10 just for not having the annoying Ken Block in it.
76561197972412272,Recommended,310560,15586078,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ryanicke,"Best rally sim since richard burns.... This game has massive potential for the future and i believe it will be embraced by the hardcore sim community as thats what this is, previous dirt titles were fun, this is serious!. Well done codemasters."
,Recommended,310560,15586211,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,MaxPred,Closest thing to RBR ever made!Loved it!34/39
,Recommended,310560,15589064,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Zwaloo,"All those years of RBR (and the glorious RSRBR) are paying off! I didn't absolutely destroy my Mini in the first Rally, just banged up the windscreen a bit and had about CR 1,500 in damage. I'm excited to see a real attempt at a serious Rally sim that encourages turning off all of the assists and feeling the road. The co-driver is well timed when set to ""Early"", just pay close attention to when he says ""Hairpin"" or you're gonna have a bad time. More to follow!"
,Recommended,310560,15591287,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,[a2m]bombshelboy,"This is everything that I wanted Dirt 2, Dirt 3, and Dirt Showdown to be. This game brings it back to its roots like Colin Mcrae, I believe, intended.Unlike other entries in the series, this title is a simulation. There is no option to disable damage, you spend time inbetween races repairing said damage, and loose bumps on the road will send you flying at high speeds. Most noted in my book is that getting a first place win is actually difficult.0.9 UPDATE:This game has only gotten better since it first went on early access. More cars, more tracks, more Rally Groups, and better stability. It's to the point I feel I have to get a wheel to play it on a realistic level."
,Recommended,310560,15592688,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,MarkHawk,"DiRT Rally has put a great emphasis on what it wants to be and how it's going to get there. As someone who isn't ashamed to have loved most of the DiRT titles, the core game machanic here is simple and challanging. Finish the race... With a good start of challanging tracks the game really encourages you to take on DiRT rally with the same perspective as a real driver. Challange yourself to take on course with little to no aids and try and cross the finish line. Do it faster then anyone else and you win. Sounds simple but the rollercoaster each track becomes when you're locked into each action makes every race that more tense. The mastering of a turn let alone an entire course is satifiying and hard to get away from.Feels really good and I expect to have a lot of conversations about specific turns and courses with friends as time goes on.Things I'd like to seeTrack IR supportLess static enviroments (crowds reacting to my current and previous actions, terrian cars not acting like rocks)1-3 Cars added to the 2010's sectionDiRT Fish rally school (ad a section of top 10 things to know before letting go of the handbrake)While I like the FPV, please don't stop with the details. Keep building on it.People trashing past work. They were appropriate for the time and now it's time for a change."
,Recommended,310560,15595484,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Johann Sebastian Bach,so i was thinking dirt 3 is realistic but no this is EPICi have a mdium high performance pc and can run dirt rally still at high settings
,Recommended,310560,15603065,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Leo Sagashi,"This is the kinda game that puts you on the edge of the seat.It's not a perfect simulator, but it's closer than never to it (on the DiRT series). I've played DiRT since the first one and this is by FAR the best one. As EVERYONE is also saying: its amazing not to have to go through gymkhana events (I always hated it) and DiRT Rally took commitment very seriously: don't expect that you'll fix that bad turning on a wall of rock or anything without paying a heavy price. You car breaks, spins and you'll feel like you don't know how to drive. You'll blame the game, will swear a lot but won't stop playing. Suddenly you get slightly better and starts to get the nails on your car.It's still on early access, so some crashes and bugs are expected.Anyway, 10/10."
76561197984900361,Recommended,310560,15603138,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,madp0k,"1st race, lost, Lancia looked like it was created in minecraft by the end, loved it, £23/10"
,Recommended,310560,15603770,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,KILLERWHALE,"So far not that Impressed by the handling, but it is better than Dirt 3 and the tracks are longer so that's nice, but THIS IS NOTHING LIKE RBR so don't listen to the people who are saying that because they clearly didn't play RBR.There is triple screen support, but it's not that great. The FOV slider only changes it a very small amount and in the end you need to go edit ini files to get the right fov and tilt you're probably looking for. Hopefully this will get better and they'll add seating position sliders too.Over all if you like rally then I say get it because it's not bad, but there is a lot to be desired when it comes to realistic handling. And there needs to be more options for people running it in surround (think assetto corsa)Some people are calling this a proper rally sim, well I say it's about as much sim as F1 2014 soooo take that for what it's worth.Color me not impressed but looking forward to see what they change to make it better."
,Recommended,310560,15605706,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,sosoFortress,"This game reminds me of playing Colin McRae Rally 3 on the original Xbox, and I love that. The cars dance and feather on the edge of flying off the road and the challenge is heaps of fun.Hope the developers keep it up.If I could have a few fanciful wishes, I’d love to see:- co-driver voice interruption (if you stop or hit something) and he naturally stops mid instruction or repeats it- Autumn forest locations- higher visual damage (doors falling off etc.)- a Tron themed special stage10/10"
,Recommended,310560,15606240,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,R4DFIELD,"I'm loving what Codemasters is doing with the DiRT franchise, this game will punish and bring you to your knees if you try to play it DiRT 3 style. The 8+ min, tight stages are so very welcome. Great introduction price and enough content to start. I can't wait for the finished product, love rally and rallycross.The technical side of the game is what you would expect from any previous CM game, their EGO engine is amazingly optimized and runs like butter.Colin would be proud."
,Recommended,310560,15611327,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Linkman81,"One thing that I noticed in DIRT RALLY that was in no other racing game to this point is....If you slow the car to a stop while still in gear (and don't have the clutch pushed in) you will stall the car and have to restart it. YOU FINALLY HAVE TO USE THE CLUTCH PROPERLY!!!!!  I own all the Dirt and Grid games, and none of them have forced this much realism on you ... and it's awesome!  I've never owned a manual transmission car, but I've driven friends' cars for short periods of time.  I've stalled them out in this way many times... but didn't really realize it when playing the Dirt and Grid games that this was missing.  Last night when I played I kept on saying to myself... WOW, I picked up a lot of bad habits by playing the older Dirt and Grid games... because they allowed me to be very sloppy with my pedal work, and not pay the price.  Well done Codemasters.  I'd never been so proud to get 5th place in my life... lol. Very hard earned.  Love the game.OH! and also, I feel that the sound is also much improved.  The sounds that you hear when driving down a gravel road and stones are hitting the underside of your car is something I've noticed in this version and not the rest... makes the experience a bit more rich and real.If you are a fan of the genre and you own a wheel and pedals, you won't be disappointed in this one.  Get it now when it's more affordable."
,Recommended,310560,15614255,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,ldscho,"I'm so glad I broke my ""No Early Access"" policy to get this. It's worth the money they're asking right now. It plays like a dream, and if they follow though on half of what they promised this will be the best rally game ever. Heck it already might be."
,Recommended,310560,15585646,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,PsychicParrot,"Love love love this game. CodeMasters did Early Access right.If you're a WRC fan (or a fan of rally) this is the closest you're going to get to putting your computer inside a rally car.If you like HARDCORE SIM racing, buy it now. Get a steering wheel to play it properly. If you're looking for Dirt4 this ain't it. There's not a sign of arcade physics here. Pure, punishing, months to learn, hardcore sim physics. And I love it."
76561198184774551,Recommended,310560,15587147,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,healthZERO,"Best rally driving I've personally ever played. I am having some issues, though. Any mesh with an alpha looks like a mesh. The speedometer doesn't show up and the co driver is silent. Even with these issues I'm happy with it."
76561197967141896,Recommended,310560,15605390,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,__b__,"You did it right this time Codemasters~ This is what we want for a long time, remind me the good old days with the Colin Mcrae series. Surely with more details and realistic simulations, no flashback, no showdowns or whatever to please the arcade fellows. Looking forward to more features release."
,Recommended,310560,15611413,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Hooks,This game is still in early access but it's already shaping up to be one of the best rally sim games I've ever played.  I have no hesitation to recommend this game to any rally sim fan.
,Recommended,310560,15587516,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Pancake_Hunter,"Runs on an updated version of that beast of a game engine used in the previous DiRTs. Instead of magic rewinds there are appropriate penalties for crashing/getting stuck and restarting. The game is more challenging and realistic than DiRT 3 with all the aids off. Pure no-nonsense Rally.The only sad part was the game crashed half way through my second race, this is to be expected given that it's early access. Regardless, the second I saw the DiRT Rally banner on the steam home page, saw that it was a true rally experience and was available to buy now, I bought it without hesitation because Codemasters have listened to their fans!"
,Recommended,310560,15602690,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Jamesrodger0,"fantastic game, great graphics, nice driving mechanics and an all-round good game . rarely do you see such a polished game on early access. this game is very much in the style of the old colin macrae games which is great because the colin macrae franchise was way superior to the regular rally-cross style of dirt and a fantastic return to form by codemasters who seemed to be the kings of copy and paste in relation to the f1 franchise"
,Recommended,310560,15611556,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,ThreeStretch,"Challenging, punishing, frustrating and tough,  but is dam good fun .... This is Dirt but not as we knew it ..."
,Recommended,310560,15591388,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,mambuco93,Colin Mcrae Rally is back and it's better than ever!!!
,Recommended,310560,15605505,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,tanked,"A difficult, gritty rally sim. There isn't a more rewarding feeling in the world than a perfect run on DiRT Rally."
76561198031545484,Recommended,310560,20873584,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,crazy_charlie321,"DiRT Rally, sounds fun but is it?I can say yes, because it is really. I haven't played a game like this in a pretty long time. It's a race (rally) sim and it does it pretty good with all the effects you would like to see in such a game.. snow ice gravel mud asphalt name it and it's got it. I like the co-driver which tells you what's coming up next, so you know which way to turn your car.After a few stages you learn to handle the car you bought (with your starting credits) better. I've been on 1st till 5th position. Though you really need to focus to be fast enough to end on the 3rd place already, sometimes you roll over or hit the side of the track and that's all you need to end up on the 5th place. The thing that really gets it all together is the damage you get when you make a wrong decision turning or you go too fast when taking a turn. Everything effects the way your current rally car handles itself, which is really awesome.Side note(s)There are advanced options to tune the car a bit for the stage you want to play. Also you can pick your racing crew (engineers) and give them perks later on in the game for extra bonuses. There is a bonus if you do not restart the stage.OnlineMultiplayer and daily, weekly plus special events you can play as well. I play daily events almost every day, and it's fun to do so.Bugs?Haven't encountered any yet. Game runs smooth.What I use to play this with?Xbox 360 controller, works great with this game.Recommend it?Yeah why not but keep in mind it is a racing sim so crashing hurts.. think of punctered tires, almost bust radiators.. though your co-driver tells you if you lost a tire.. the sound kinda gives it away as well though."
,Recommended,310560,19419923,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Neith (SectionSkyly),"As I write this, DiRT Rally is still in early access so my views may change as it progresses towards release.Typically I find that racing games fall into a few categories; you have the super-arcadey handling ones like some Ridge Racer games, quasi-simulators like Gran Turismo and you have the really accurate sim racers like rFactor, iRacing and the like. DiRT Rally (in my opinion) falls into a strange niche somewhere between sim and GT-esque.There's a ton of setup options for each car and every car handles noticably different. Classic RWDs will kick the rear out on hard acceleration and can snap oversteer very violently (looking at you, Lancia Stratos...). The 4WD cars feel much more planted but there's more to it than that. You can get a good idea of what the car is doing through the feedback and each car feels weighted differently, which is brilliant attention to detail. I stop short of classing DiRT Rally as a full-on sim because there are aids like maps, on-screen co-driver calls and even controller support. Some of this is able to be turned off which increases the realism / number of massive crashes.Visually the game looks great on a decent computer and I haven't really had any issues with slowdown. Co-driver calls are usually timely enough (and there is an option to make them call earlier/later) but could be a bit more accurate in places. There's a decent, if not massive selection of cars including retro cars like the Lancia Stratos and Mini Cooper, modern day WRC cars like the Fiesta and even the mad Group B cars of the 1980s. There's also hillclimb and rallycross cars, complete with fully featured rallycross and hillclimb modes for you to wreck your cars on (did I mention the massive crashes yet?)Overall the game is very impressive at this stage and is perfectly playable with either a wheel setup or a standard controller. The only thing potential players need to know is that DiRT Rally is HARD. Some of the tracks are incredibly unforgiving and one mistake can sometimes cost you the entire rally (there is progressive damage that can affect your car through the stages, only limited time to make repairs every 2 stages and some crashes will be so severe they'll be terminal and end your rally). If you want to improve you need to listen to your co-driver and learn what all of the commands mean. Something like ""120 into 3 long tightens to 2 rocks on exit"" might sound like gibberish but is vital information about the upcoming layout of the track (in this case 120 metre straight into a reasonably tight corner that tightens further and has rocks lining the outside of the track). Learn the co-driver commands and you'll be well on your way to improving your stage times. (Or having a massive crash when you mishear a call).Brilliant game at this stage but very unforgiving for people who might think it's like the earlier DiRT games! If you're not a fan of Early Access, definitely keep an eye on this."
,Recommended,310560,19504475,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,«HerrAndersson»,This is early access done right.Nothing to add.F_ck KillingFloor 2 and TripWire.These are devs that know what they are doing for the community.
,Recommended,310560,19431626,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,yL,"My academic life is over.Yeah it's that good. :)Toca and Colin Mcrae Fan since a child, and this game is nostalgia slapping me in the good kinda way."
,Recommended,310560,23121757,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,João Costa,"Warning... its not a game! its a simulator!I loved dirt 2 and dirt 3.. when i saw this thing first time on steam i bought it without thinking and then..... Its frustrating, hard! not very fun, i doesnt have a good soundtrack well it lacks a soundtrack at all (whats going on with racing games nowadays and soundtracks?) But well its a good sim very hard to play with the x360 controller i can do some rally... rallyX its impossible to keep up with the other guys and pikes peak races are just impossible with a controller (note i play without driving aids)Sooo should you buy it?Do you have a racing wheel and like serious sims?: JUST BUY IT!!!Just want to race casual and do some kickass drifts? > go play dirt 2 and dirt 3"
76561198074157299,Recommended,310560,16191107,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Bruno Goncalves,Awsome!
76561198062084698,Recommended,310560,16153940,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Braby,Awesome!
,Recommended,310560,16033656,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,jon_i634,"So much fun to have a rally sim !!!  I've been a rally fan for years and enjoy driving some of my favorite rally cars . The stages through the forest in Wales reminds me of the rally in my home area, the Susquehanna Trail Pro Rally in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania. Thanks again Codemasters !!!!"
76561198080187148,Recommended,310560,23834724,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Schnitzel,"Hopeless and partially laughable German translations (""Hitze"" for ""heat"" in Rallycross events. ""Hitze"" only means ""heat"" in terms of temperature). I'm a German/English translator with lots of experience in the automotive industry and this translation is absolutely ridiculous. You shouldn't have paid for that...Apart from that, the game itself is great, possibly the greatest rally game ever made."
,Recommended,310560,31099107,Posted: 12 April,all,Fraz,skr skrr
,Recommended,310560,28114003,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,SYNERGY,"Codemasters at their best. This game is a masterpiece when it comes to rally cars. I have played all of their racing games, all of them plus other similar games from other companies. I can assure you there is no one better at this job than these guys. I'm a guy that is extremely picky when it comes to racing games, especially when I want a realistic flow, so when I'm telling you that  this is the sh** right here, trust me, you won't regret this.Pros:- wide variety of options in setting up your car for every race- good graphics- smooth gameplay- good sound effects [some people care]- it can be very challenging- controls are well balanced- realistic physicsCons:- I really have no idea...maybe if your not in a good mood then you cold say the game is boring?... nah...OVERALL SCORE: 9.8/10"
,Recommended,310560,23475306,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,how do i quickscope,this is the greatest tree dodging of all times
,Recommended,310560,15606441,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ale & Yorsh,"I love you Dirt Rally, I love you deeply."
76561198153795710,Recommended,310560,23223761,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,FafnirChaos,"Simulation dirt racing, The best one on steam"
76561198170440695,Recommended,310560,23212728,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Snowflakezz,Please do yourself a favor and buy this game! three thumbs up!!!
76561198064046403,Not Recommended,310560,25804955,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,cyclicbug,"Having played this from the start of its early access for me this game had a lot of potential, but to be honest for me it only gets close to being good with help from mods for the force feedback and vive vr.From the start of EA the ffb with a wheel ( g27 at that time ) didn't feel right with counter intuituve oversteer forces, but to the devs credit they worked with the early adopters and improved it markedley, but the final release ffb was still no where near as good as the other PC sim titles it was mixing with on steam. With the use of a modded file from the workshop I got ffb that was about on a par with pcars but still not up there with the other top sim titles ( now using T500rs ).Wheel support aside, It performs really smoothly and for looks it has about the best sim racing graphics at the moment, but with a seeming recent shift of emphasis toward the console market the PC version is like the poor relation having been given only rift support and oddly none for Vive ( although like for the ffb, use of a third party mod enables dirt to run well with vive ). Dirt at the moment seems to me to have been put to one side now for the next iteration of the series.So almost a great rally sim, but the native wheel support in terms of ffb should be better at this level and the support for only rift vr and none for vive makes it seem incomplete.So if you don't have a wheel or are happy to use workshop modded files and don't have Vive or are happy to use modded files, then pick it up while on sale, otherwise wait and see if the the next in the series comes out more polished.Hard to choose but on balance, just ( but had they incorporated the two mods it would be so much better ) for me still recommended.Latest update has broken the Vive support. So can't recommend until it gets fixed, shame."
,Recommended,310560,18937360,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Kazumm,"Such a sweet Rally Simulator. The DiRT series has been giving the community great racing simulators since day 1, and this one does not dissapoint. Great clean visuals, Awesome Physics that make you feel like your actually behind the wheel, and an already great selection of cars.Alpha Review 11.7.15"
,Recommended,310560,15817088,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,fuzedzn,"Pros: No gymkhanaNo gymkhanaNo gymkhanaNo gymkhanaRallyReminds  me of Colin Mcrae 2005No gymkhanaCons: Side of track is just brutal.. Hit the side, puncture + spin + maybe flip..If you go over the side or end up on top of the side, you're stuck and FORCED to reset vehicle causing time penaltyLimited number of vehicles currently.. Would like to see more Subaru's and where is the almighty Ford Focus!! Oh    and peugeot...Recommended? HELL YES!"
,Recommended,310560,24080607,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,KaNu(진석),It is much better with racing wheelvery realistic game
,Recommended,310560,22402973,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,They Talk About My Long Naps,"One of the best racing experiences availible to console and PC to date. On PC there are a number of racing sims to choose from: project CARS, asseto corsa, icracing, rfactor, etc.  Console owners also get to choose from Gran turismo and Forza.None of these games have the option to rally race EXCEPT earlier versions of gran tursimo on dated consoles. (im not counting earlier DiRT games as they are not ""sims"")As far as rally racing goes this is as good as it gets. Simply put this is without a doubt the BEST rally game ive ever played and one of the best racing games available. The physics engine is very, VERY good. The audio is sensual. The difficulty is brutal. The level of satisfaction from pulling off a clean section is thick.this game is 100% playable with a gamepad, even without assists. While a wheel is recommended,  precision can acheive fast times with a gamepad. ( finished first in a mid tier difficulty championship with a group B car [fastest/most difficult cars in game] )be warned, this game is EXTREMELY unforgiving and there are no rewinds.some knock the game for being on the ""light"" side of content. While i can say the game isnt loaded to the teeth with features youll see in other racing titles, what IS there is stuffed with substance. True multiplayer and more tracks would be nice, but i would certainly call this a fair package for $60final thoughts: Do you own a racing wheel perphial for the console or PC? If so, buy this game!!!! why the ♥♥♥♥ haven't you bought this game?!?!? What the hell is wrong with you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?!?!?  Are you still reading this??......GO BUY IT NOW!!!!"
76561198067537701,Recommended,310560,19592265,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Jimdog,an amazing simulation of multiple types of rally cars over many types of terrains. it just keeps getting better with each update
,Recommended,310560,20186536,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MYstiK MeWTwo,"Co-Driver: Left 4, don't cutMe: I'm behind thoughCo-Driver: don't cutMe: ahh well, YOLO*falls off cliff*100/10 would die for first place again"
76561198016069801,Recommended,310560,19679536,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ladisCZ,"Best game that includes driving I have ever played. It has some maybe too steep learning curve, but since the first moment you start to master it and begin to think not how to survive,  but how to go fast, you will love it. There is a risk that this game makes you buy a steering wheel and a new gaming rig...Thank you codies."
76561198021591326,Recommended,310560,31182590,Posted: 16 April,all,atlas974,"Awesome with VR, i wished the vive support would have been official instead of using third party apps, but overall the game is stuning when driving ""inside"" the car"
,Recommended,310560,18943488,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Rets,Move the wheel an inch and you turn into a blender. 10/10
,Recommended,310560,19077229,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Costash,"A great simulator, getting really close to Richard Burns Rally.*****************V1 update:Now there are 6 rallies: Monte Carlo, Greece, Wales, Germany, Finland and Sweden. For each rally there are 12 stages (basically two long real tracks of about 10km each).The uphill is also fun to take, especially because of the challenge of not having a co-driver. The only thing is that it's *just one* long track with variations on wheter it's full-tarmac or half-dirt half-tarmac.Rallycross is nice, especially since the online PVP feature, but it can become boring quickly due to its repetitiveness. If you're looking to make hotlaps, it's a great challenge though.I can't comment much about graphics, since my machine can only run the game smoothly in 720p low quality, but even so, it looks quite okay.There are still some glitches in rally of Sweden with sound stuttering when the car drifts on gravel, but I hope that Codemasters will fix this issue, since the same happened with the other stages in the past and they managed to fix it."
,Recommended,310560,24119375,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,red,"Whatever you do, don't look up world record videos on YouTube. They will make you want to uninstall so fast.This game has a really high skill ceiling, and can be frustrating if you're used to causla games."
76561198039803023,Recommended,310560,18929698,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,deguello,"Yes! It`s real Dirt! No more stupid ""stories"" or stupid unskipabble ""blah-blah-blah""! All hail to the King!"
76561198036567011,Recommended,310560,18961268,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Dwight Schrute,"Let me come to one simple point here.... This game is just WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY to amazing. You wanted a Rally Simulator, well...you've got it right here. Stop looking somewhere else, this is THE game you have been looking for! 10/10 Would total over a cliff again."
,Recommended,310560,24145193,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,D I S C O U N T  S O N N E I K O,"This game is as good as you are. The more skilled you become the better it gets, if you want something to screw around on for 10 minutes once a month this is not the game for you.10/10"
,Recommended,310560,15744955,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,danzki,Addictive
76561197987811365,Recommended,310560,19622742,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,dirthurts,"Dirt Souls: Prepare to drive editionExcellent game. The controls are tight, and rock solid. They feel very true to the sport. You can feel the gravel change to dirt change to tarmac. It just feels so good.Visually, it looks much better than the videos online would suggest.Audio is phenomenal.I'm having a blast with this game. I highly recommend it."
76561198029004952,Recommended,310560,18927093,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Hyppe,Fiddle with your bits then shakedown before event.
76561198031002168,Recommended,310560,19354745,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ilvin277,The most amazing!!! rush!!! Extreme rally sim i've ever play!!!!!!!! It's very realistic! racing fans you must have this sim!
,Recommended,310560,19354992,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Physical Shitpost,The best rally sim of all time.
76561198196026541,Recommended,310560,19552079,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,leewalt9,best rally game ever. i hope they keep bringing more content out as i will happyly pay.
76561197983073305,Recommended,310560,19350708,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,0ccam,Best rally game ever!!
76561198163345410,Recommended,310560,19352095,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Готовить Впины,"No more kenblock bs, no more bs speeches on menu that can't be skipped, no more gymkhana, 10/10.However if you are using a keyboard the game will become pretty much unplayable, especially with those cars with tons of hp, you will lose control all the time, because of the steering delay and stuff, and I have never had this problem with all the previous Dirt game."
76561197970684034,Recommended,310560,15586528,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,James_UK,Dirt the way it should've been. Pure Rallying with none of the Americanization which caused the series IMO to lose its identity in recent years.1) Rally stages that are actually proper length.2) No Gymkhana.3) No X Games.Oculus Rift support is in there right now but is really glitchy right now with no apparent 3D depth. I'm sure it'll get to the same point as Grid Autosports Rift support. Anyone into Rallying needs to get this game. Even in its early stage of development it's really promising right now.
,Recommended,310560,19261319,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,A6MZERO,I love Subarus. Started the game driving a Subaru. Smashed it into everything. I hate Subarus.10/10- Will stick with a Mini
,Recommended,310560,19357895,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,HungryBear,Great sim that all rally fans have been waiting for. I hope that this is direction Codemasters chooses to follow with future titles instead of that arcady junk we got in Dirt3.
76561198008174743,Recommended,310560,19550480,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Fuzila,Best Rally game ever !!
,Not Recommended,310560,26119855,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Tehomas,"A very well made game, but I won't recommend it due to Codemasters scummy attitude. Not having Vive support is fine I guess, there are (used to be) workarounds, but deliberately breaking ReVive support is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ move made for no reason. ♥♥♥♥ you Codemasters."
,Recommended,310560,15805868,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,jimm3ron,"Edit 1. Tarmac terrors update.they added 6 cars and more tracks which are very nice for the most part. very difficult anre require constant attention to the road otherwise you will hit a tiny rock and flip 50 times and have to restart! which is awesome! thats what racing is!The cars feel nice and the way they are supposed to. the rear wheel drive cars kick and require more attention but take corners much faster and the front wheel drive cars are easier to handle but cant drift so they also require their own special skill to master.the tracks are a nice addition and offer a slighly different kind of racing, with longer straight lines but more cut corners. you speed up thinking youre a baddas but the corner comes from out of nowhere and guess what, there is no ""rewind"" button like all other modern racers out there. you deal with it like a man and either restart the whole race or continue with an overheated enginei really love this game and have very high hopes for it! end of update 1, the rest is the initial review:So far the is not much content implemented, but whatever they have so far is very well done! I dig the graphcis and the car selection, although i would like to see more cars. they claim hundrends of cars is not what is best, well i tell you dont have 100 cars, but have more than what is there right now. i am sure they are planning to add more chronology categories than what they ahve so far.the handling is very nice, if using a controller. keyboard is a forget about it, and steering wheel i dont know since i dont own one.what i dont really like and im critical about is a couple of things. first of all, it is easy to get lost. there will be a T turn, and if you are not paying extremely close attention to the co driver, you wont know whether to turn left or right, since there are no barricades or tapes closing off the wrong way.also, if i get too close to the road, the car will just rocket jump in the air and start dancing ballet as if it was born to do so and do crazy spins and flips that no professional dancer ever can achieve in their lives.im sure those are issues that will be fixed, but what ive seen up until this point do not make me regret my first ever early access purchase ever. i have been wanting a simulation rally game and it is finally here! if you have the 35 bucks, then go right ahead and buy into this.i am really hoping that the developers do not add any sort of microtransaction or flood the game with DLC in the future. at least give it for free to the people who supported you and bought in the early access!"
76561198142286880,Recommended,310560,17958100,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Vers,Great Rally Sim.
76561198001752043,Recommended,310560,15695589,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,HolidaySpiritGix,blew a tire
76561198052910556,Recommended,310560,15684500,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Raxeller,"Finally, a really good Rally game since Colin McRae Rally 2005.This game is so hard... I love it!It takes time and much practice to get to know your car and settings.Incredible guys, just... incredible."
,Recommended,310560,15589768,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Criffix,"I don't always destroy my headlights, but when I do, it's on a night stage.10/10, would drive without light again."
,Recommended,310560,26582389,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,STRattler,If you have any past experience with rally games you will enjoy this.
76561197990648419,Recommended,310560,31039701,Posted: 9 April,all,Al bundy,I've become obsessed with weight transfer and left-foot braking...I'm chaninging my name to Stig and moving to Finland....
76561197969880782,Recommended,310560,19453551,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,GeeZy,Dude I have to say this is great game to have if you just like driving games period...you won't go wrong with a little DiRT Rallys....
76561197964640212,Recommended,310560,19453881,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Blade12775,"Awesome game! 9/10Awesome game, but very hard. It is a sim so it will take time and patience to get used to racing.You buy your cars and your crew chief and your pit crew.  Your crew are under contract that you renew after 40 stages. Cost of crew depends on their rating.Cars take and show damages and driving is effected by damage.Lots of stages and driving conditions and cars. Stages and events are NOT unlocked. If you lose a race you go to the next stage. You don't have to keep racing the same track over and over to get to the next one if you don't place in the top 3 like other racing games. I love this and really hope that other racing games follow this.Stages is 1 race.  Events are so many stages. So say 4 stages = 1 event.You get money after your event is over depending on how well you do minus the car repairs.There ARE actual races not just point A to point B races you just need to buy a car that can race those races.Graphics are amazing. As said before cars show damage, if you lose a wheel while driving on gravel that side of the road has dig marks in the road from it, cracked windshields, etc. Lots of driving views as well as cockpit view that can be adjusted how close to the steering wheel which is really cool. Want to sit on top of the steering wheel you can. Want to sit back from the steering wheel you can. If you sit all the way back from the wheel you actually see the drivers legs work the peddles. Backgrounds and tracks look amazing.Sound is great for the car. The only sound I don't really like that much is when driving on the gravel while in cockpit view it sounds weird. Almost like rocks dropping in a hollow pan. Other than that it's really good.Your co-pilot is male only with an accent. You have a co-pilot that calls out you turns, hills, jumps, and etc. Call outs can be changed on how often their called out. I would like to have more co-pilot voices in the future."
,Recommended,310560,19144320,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,peterg73,Scares the be-jesus out of me!
,Recommended,310560,20408295,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DriftMachine,"Its ok, but it has its draw backs like every other sim. Its the only rally game we have worthy of a wheel.The other alternatives are not sims by any stretch of the imagination.The worst part about this game is the repair aspect of it. The devs have no clue how a car or repairing one works. Things that should be game enders aren't, thnigs that should take no time to adress take forever. Things that rarely break break all the time. things that should break all the time dont. i feel they could just left this repair part out all together since they obviously have not a clue.The handling is ok, but the roling resitance makes it feel as if you have your foot on the brake as soon as you let off the gas. Some cars are better simulated than others.Can't believe the jacked the price up to $60. It went from 31.49 to 39.99 to 45.99 to 49.99 for the longest and now 59.99.Usually games come down in price."
,Recommended,310560,19411254,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Evequill,RWD cars feel like driving a thousand-kilo bar of soap.
76561197970658606,Not Recommended,310560,26122449,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,CraftyStar,"Bought this game to play on Vive using Revive.  Seems like they deliberately patched it so this would no longer work.  I'm really hoping this isn't the case and that they allow Revive to work with it again, or even better officially add official Vive support."
,Recommended,310560,17841968,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Jtd964,"is it just me or with the new update they changed the settings for the logitect g27 wheel, cause now im having a real hard time with it, it all feels diffrent! other then that it is the best rally game yet!"
76561197989067388,Recommended,310560,18743752,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Rock Manlyfist,"Finally, DiRT Rally is released. A game with much action and alot of fun.From crappy arcade games to simulation, you've grown up Codemasters.The game is now recommended to play. It seems they've fixed most of the error 41 bugs and fps problems that made me rate the game negative.Even though they shot themselves in their foot with a modded EGO 2 engine (they used in Dirt 3) the game came out really good. I'm surprised they made a game this good with this engine.With the renowned group b cars, fly in Finland, look at the beautiful landscapes in cold Sweden, sweat like you've never sweat before in Greece and don't forget to wear a coat in rainy Wales.These are just some of the rally cars and locations Codemasters have fought for this year to make this wonderfull, pedal to the metal, action packed simulation.So now to the pro's and con's.Pro's:- Great physics.- Great FFB.- Very, very good graphics.- Real life stages that is pretty much spot on.- Hard to master.- A wide variety of cars ranging from 60's - 2010's- Mouse support (in a Dirt game!!).Con's:- Bad damage model/physics, land a big jump in Finland with full throttle in 6th gear and nothing happens to the car except it gets unstable when landing.- Bad tarmac physics.There are some pretty obvious flaws, the game's more than good enough to play. If you have any doubts remember there's always refund and/or if you have a friend that can share his/her library with you, you can pretty much try it out without any risk.It's also recommended to play with with a wheel and pedals for maximum experience. If you don't have access to wheel and pedals, atleast play it with a controller."
76561197965440889,Not Recommended,310560,25953588,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,murph,"I own a Vive, and I'd like to play in VR without hacks.I'd like native support for OpenVR so I can play in VR without being tied to a brand of VR headset.Refunded for now."
76561198038292290,Not Recommended,310560,31780269,Posted: 15 May,all,Atrix,"Like other reviewers state, AI can run you off the road like you're a paper doll but try to do the same to them and they won't budge at all. What fun is it when you can't finish a race without getting pit maneuvered by dumb AI that ignores you're even there?5/10"
,Not Recommended,310560,31815429,Posted: 17 May,all,behoimi,"Codemasters expect you to grind all that stuff for no good reason, no thanks.Also you can't swear at your co-pilot."
76561198058537865,Not Recommended,310560,31852692,Posted: 19 May,all,Busterwolf,"This game is ok, the tracks are alright.  After playing this game for 7  hours got bored. Haven't played it since and sometimes u will get stuck over a small rock. Doesnt happen all the time but when it does.. It will annoy you cause it kills your time.  Overall its not a bad game but it could be a lot better. I would recommend this game  but only if it was 20 bucks or less."
,Recommended,310560,22263846,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,rick ross' necklace,"This is hands down the best rally game ever made. I have played the series since Colin Mcrae Rally 2, which was originally the best version, following that was the original Dirt game. But this one has the CMR2 handling coupled with beautiful graphics. You need this game.I just started playing with a PS4 controller and it's glorious."
76561198060038581,Recommended,310560,19161747,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,uncle_git,Outstanding Rally sim - best racing game in years if you're into sideways realism.
76561197963138989,Recommended,310560,19164236,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,dale,WHAT CAN I SAY   THIS GAME  IS THE BEST RALLY GAME TO DATE
76561198016393029,Recommended,310560,19374794,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Rombik,New RBR.
,Recommended,310560,19552444,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Atomik Phoenix,"Dirt rally is the most realistic rally game out their byfar.It features Rally and Rallycross and Hillclimb races to compete in.it has quite a few cars to pick from as well .the tracks vary from high speeds of finlland to the slow technical stages of Monte Carlo and the high altitude of pikes peak.The game also feature the ablity to compete against others in multiplayer rallycross or Daily,Weekly,Monthly events.This game is definatley worth the buy for sure."
76561198055186660,Recommended,310560,19552786,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,R3start,"To say this game is good is an understatement!I have been playing since day one early access and started initially with a controller as my Xbox One steering wheel didn't work with my PC. The experience was grueling, playing with a controller is challenging and I have never been delicate enough with it for true sim racers..... and that is where this game fits...it is a sim racer.... If you can, then happy days.It is an epic Sim rallying experience, one that brought back fond memories of DiRT 2 on my 360 with the FFB Wheel.For me DiRT Rally really came into it's own when I hooked up a proper racing wheel, the driving model is absolutely sublime, brutal, elegant, refined, edgy... but most of all polished.  Every car feels different, every surface noticeably different and every bump, ridge and ripple a true test of concentration.The trailers above do not betray the speed and intensity of this.  It requires concentration and skill and when you nail it, when you realised that with finesse comes success... the sense of satisfaction is real.I would highly recommend playing the career with the heart of rally in your mind,  the kind that makes you limp your car to the end on Finland after you have just barrel rolled for 200m and then fight harder on the next stages to make up the time.A game has never made me sweat.... until now!! ..... Then again I think my eyes probably bled after some of the stages through pure concentration.If you are even remotely interested in rallying, driving, cars, oil, petrol .... or have ever even been in a car in your life... I recommend it."
76561197992831055,Recommended,310560,19550376,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,PayneToTheMax,"Definitely need a wheel for that one, but its straight up awesome - just rally - no bs. If we get more content along the way - even better :) Recommend 100%"
,Recommended,310560,19551022,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Meisterred,"BEST.MONEY.EVER.SPENT.Hey, Codemasters, have you finally fired those marketing guys who forced you to have flashbacks in the series for so long? :)Get Rich, Get Rest, you deserved it!"
76561198112129750,Recommended,310560,15634634,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,KOR_DJPARK,게임에는 문제가 없습니다 아주 잘되고 그래픽도 괜찮고 하지만 계속 데이터 로드가 안된다고 뜨네요 어떻게 해야하죠?
,Recommended,310560,19553460,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Elson Vudu,ONLY EPIC!
76561198044652791,Recommended,310560,19330130,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,BadWeather,"I have enjoyed this game immensely. Initially I kept from buying the game, 'cause I thought my wheel(MOMO) wouldn't be any good. After seeing some youtube videos of people playing with the momo, I bought the game and boy is it good.This is a good follower to richard burns rally. There's not much in common with the other dirt games but the name. This one is more to the sim side. Also the sound design is top notch.I think the damage model is somewhat forgiving, but besides that I can't really find much to complain about.If you like drifting along very narrow roads, this is for you."
76561198257716475,Recommended,310560,19381791,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,enigmathree33,"I've only played 2 tracks of this amazing game and already felt compelled to write a short comment about it. I've been waiting for a true Rally game for a long time and this game delivers and then some!At first I was disappointed that I was ""stuck"" with a Mini Cooper.. and then I drove it! :-)This game is so realistic that I'm already emotionally attached to my car and felt genuinely bad for what I put it through. :-(>Got heavy footed on the gas pedal>Got launched off a mountain yelling NOOOOOOO the whole way down! O_O10/10 would do it again.. WOO-HOO!!"
76561198025337235,Recommended,310560,19386294,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,wickedlaw,"simple, nice with a steering wheel. It is rather difficult, but that's the whoel idea behind it :) If you are looking for an easy sim or arcade racing game, this is NOT the game. If you're looking for rally sim, THIS IS IT! :)"
76561198011876221,Recommended,310560,19552069,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,h_einarsson,Love it
,Recommended,310560,19554615,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,GomGom,"Fast, real, beautiful, hard. As hell. You'll love it."
,Recommended,310560,19550545,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,mattjack120,"Great game, Make sure you have a controller to use, keyboard does not cut it."
76561198028325739,Recommended,310560,19550669,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,P1,A mix of Richard Burns Rally and Dirt 3
,Recommended,310560,19552417,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Krusi85,"I bought this game the day it was released in early access. The journey through early access was a blast! Codemasters did an awesome job on this hardcore rally game.10/10, would buy racing wheel again any time for this game!What you get by buying this game6 unique locations each with totally different rally experiencecountless cars including classics from the group B era as well as modern rally carsyou can feel the different handling on each car, especially differences between 4WD, RWD, FWD carssmooth graphics with moderate requirements for your hardwareLearning to driveI was quite good in DiRT 3 with XBOX 360 controller. But I had to learn to drive again for this game. The experience is totally different.It is hard, very hard!But after some hours I got the hang of it with the controller.It wasn't enough. I wanted to feel the street. So I bought the Logitech Driving Force GT, good middle class wheel. I can only recommend buying a wheel for this game. It is so much better and you get better as you continue training.Why for me rally is more fun than street racingRally is just different. There is no perfect line. There is so much going on, so much to feel. The car weight shifts as you drift thtough the corners. And every second you are one step from a total crash away, always on the edge on your seat.Sim featurescockpit cams with adjustable cam positionspossbiblity to disable driver arms, wheel in cockpitadjustable car setupsrain, snow, night racesIt is just awesome!"
76561198015871098,Recommended,310560,19552418,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Znedrow4,"This game is great, the driving, tracks, graphics, and community are some of the best ive come across in any game. And on top of that the early access had constant updates and had its full release in a reasonable time. This game was early access done right."
,Recommended,310560,19554051,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Urban -13- Merc,"THIS is the game DiRT should have always been. Not perfect just yet, but they are getting closer! One of the most fun automotive games you could ever play. GORGEOUS graphics. They really have a great one here. I am looking for some time off soon to get knee-deep into this game. A game you won't regret paying full price for!"
76561198015603540,Recommended,310560,19347153,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,-1PARA-Pringles,"This is the Rally game you've always wanted. Focused on pure point to point racing. No more Gymkhana.After getting used to the physics in this game, going back to older DiRT games feel like arcade folly. There are 3 basic modes Rally, Hill-climb and recently the added Rally X Cross (which is the only mode wherein other cars share the road with you.)Updates are frequent with new cars and tracks. Each track being a location with very specific road conditions and each rally being different sections of that track including the mirror versions of those different sections. Tarmac, snow/ice, loose gravel of varying sizes which all give a different feel when driving. Mud behaves differently than dry dirt as does the vehicle depending on your drivetrain. It'll make you want to buy a wheel if you didn't have one already.Lots of assists and bonus credits for turning them off. For easy entry into the series but still very difficult to master. There are no more flashbacks making racing much more intense. In its stead is a time penalty of resetting your car back onto the track. A nice trade off is you can avoid this penalty by getting back onto the track yourself before the timer deems you unable to get back.By far the most realistic entry into the series, I'd even extend that to all rally/off-road racing games; Graphically and more importantly the physics therein. Cars receive damage and even retain that damage through the races and must be repaired in between with possible time penalties for 'over repairing' beyond your given time to repair.You will build a team, crew chief and other members. That get better and more efficient the more they work with you. Make sure you keep their contract up as these people you hire will allow you to fix more things in between races and keep your vehicle in tip top shape even if you aren't the best driver in the world.This is quintessential if you're into off-road racing of any variety."
76561198100974829,Recommended,310560,19351143,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Kenneth Poon,"For sure this is shaping up to be one of the best rally games ever made and fans should not hesitate to get this.  There hasn't been a game on the market that feels quite like this (in this genre).Having said that, there are many areas that can be improved before the ""final"" product.  The game doesn's seem to run on full screen mode for me.  There's currently no controller support for my G27 wheel, though some functionality does still work under the Logitech settings.  As long as Codemasters doesn't go screw this up, this looks to be a game in which I'll be coming back to play again and again."
76561197979137471,Recommended,310560,19550443,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,StanBBnetwork,"Absolutely dream rally project by Codemasters! After Richard Burns Rally I waited many years and now finally this is THE game I dreamed of and wanted. If somebody like more sim racing than arcade, this is right game for him/her. Nothing can compare with it."
76561198103073591,Recommended,310560,19226849,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,slinq,"just finished the second rally in the game the 1970 rwd rally championship, expecting a challenge i was unpleasantly surprised  about the unwinnable of this game. the person leading the rally and now keep in mind this is on the first difficult level. the npc that took first in the rally placed first in every single race and first to finish the rally's and in no way could i keep up with his times and in no way could someone just starting to play this game be that advanced already.To start off i would like to point out the insane learning curve this game employs, i love racing games but in order to play this game with the remote ability to finish on the podium (for me first place is just to unreachable but i can place second in almost every rally or stage) but consistent second place against a npc that only placed a dnf once. his rally total was 100 points and mine 88. thats the least difficult setting on the second rally in the game.is this game going to get even harder? if so i dont see the point in selling this game as anything but a serious driving / racing sim.ive played all the collin mcrea and dirt rally games so i kinda knew what i was getting into but on the least difficult setting and on the first and second rally's in the game ive found it near impossible to finish first and stay in first through out a rally.so to wrap it up i love the game i love the competition but to me and for my experience im kinda withdrawn. 5 rally's with 4 races each equaling 20 races and the npc has placed first in 16 straight races and on the least difficult setting on the first and second rally's in the gameif you like rally games and rally cars i recommend this but if you  think that games should be at least manageable winnable dont get this game! i cant stress enough on the least difficult setting on the second rally in the game the npc took 16 straight wins and most of them seem near impossible to reach. most of the times were him say placing 3.24 and the npc behind him placing 3.50 thats a huge skill curve to overcome so early in a gameim not dissatisfied with my purchase im just a lil confused on why they made this game so freaking hard off the batyou have to understand or maybe its just me but you are not going to win at this game!i have no chance even on my best almost flawless runs to even get near the #1 place positionthis game is almost a single sitting game, i cant play for more then a single sitting for around a week or more because of how frustraiting it is to always place second with a twenty second gap against the npc every timehe gets first every time so. 25 x 4 because for one race he will dnf giving you the slight chance to beat him. its happened twice now because i quit the 1960 rally finished the 1970 rally in second every race but the dnfi really really really want to like this game but today in my session again second place to a npc placing first in rally after rally making it impossibole to even keep up in points with consistant second placesagain i have to go into this game with the full understanding that no matter what im capable of doing im not gonig to place first ...... EVER!"
76561198020971257,Recommended,310560,19553896,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Dhream,the best rally simulation of all times
76561198259848347,Recommended,310560,19340338,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,dai,GOOD RALLY GAME
76561198194104069,Recommended,310560,24082927,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,topsyturvy,best money i ever spent
76561198029935615,Not Recommended,310560,29150054,Posted: 9 January,all,Snow Goat,"There is a serious issue with the engine this game uses rendering the game unplayable for many people.There are many threads about the issue, but Codemasters seems content just leaving it broken.http://steamcommunity.com/app/310560/discussions/1/617335934132920537/"
,Recommended,310560,24729174,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,hankpresecan,"This game is... enraging, maddening, a good reason to throw you're computer out the window. It's also realistic, edjucational, and you feel like you've accomplished something when you don't screw up terribly. I personally use it as a coach to help my anger managment. No matter who you are, or how good you think you are, this game will completely throw you into the deep end, and you will fail at least once.Pros:.Realistic physics.Great graphics (if you have a supercomputer). Gain respect for rally drivers.Many courses to drive.Many cars to drive.It makes me feel like I accomplished something when I don't fail*.Finally, all the models/textures are extrememly well-detailed, and are fun to look at.Cons:.The game performs terribly with lag, causing players on 'lower end'** computers to need to use low graphics, which look bloody terrible.Sure it's realistic, but maybe too mutch so? For instance, I can't afford a wheel, and with the low fps I get, I've had to turn on all the assists just to make it playable with an xbox controller.The UI could use some help, and the recovery system is just unbalivably bad..The price is just too mutch, only buy this on sale..The occasional terrain glitch also occurs.After the last update, I had to spend 30 minutes fixing my graphics settings.It's just not well optimized.Overall, I do not think the game should have been moved to full release state, this still belongs in beta. And sure it's suposed to be realistic, but I was promised a playable game. I only reccomend this because the devs technically did a good job, overall, and it might just be that I suck. Agree with what I said? Maybe you dissagree entirely? Or maybe you think I could do better with my product reviews? Feel free to leave a comment below!*I fail often.**Apparently an i-7 quadcore along with an Nvidia GTX 780 makes for a low end computer."
76561197970216799,Not Recommended,310560,26120439,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,mr_belowski,"They appear to have knowingly and deliberately blocked ReVive from working with the latest ""patch"", so Vive users can no longer play the game. No comment (at all) from Codemasters so far, so I guess this might actually be as petty and scummy as it seems."
,Recommended,310560,22127201,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Bearington,Dark Souls of racing games
,Recommended,310560,34199689,Posted: 12 August,all,kunek0412,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄Graphics suck but this game is a must have
,Recommended,310560,19465068,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,MZitoOne,"this is inadvertently the rally game that i have been wating for. it takes me back to the first blockbuster game, dirt, that codemaster made. this is a really good and improved version of the same. You can actually feel the momentum of the vehicle as you swerve around corners at... ""whatever speed you choose"". Great work codemasters. I largely avoided dirt 2 and dirt 3 because they felt unreal. this is just real. Steep learning curve though.Want my advice. Baby steps. dont rush to drive the 2000+ series. those cars behave and respond much faster than anything you may have played"
,Not Recommended,310560,22501701,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,FaLleN™,"Ok guys, heres an honest review of how things were from early acccess to how things are now since the launch for the consoles.I dont want to bash this as i do enjoy the game, however support from Devs now at a PC level is almost non-existant. You can look at the forums and get a feel for what is going on.The Good:Its an almost true to life experience with a good setup and theres plenty of rage quiting to be had because you knew you were coming in too hot for that corner and thought you had the skills to take it, but in fact you didnt and destroyed your car lolThe graphics are good, by no means is it a great games engine and its heavy on special effects, but overall quite pleasing and runs fairly well. The Ego engine actually goes all the way back to the Colin McRae rally days so theres definitely lots of passion involved here. Nvidia cards seem to allow for an improved experience despite AMD being plastered all over the signs and tracks in game. I run AMD and there are some issues with textures and the reliance of having AA set to a moderate level to negate the poor texture issues that most AMD users are seeing. I can run this game on a combination of High and Ultra settings at 1080p for a close to 60fps experience. There plenty of room to tweak the settings so things dont lag out when entering a corner for example.Hill climb events are a great challenge, no co-driver, so its just you and the mountain in an insanely overpowered car. Again great fun and simply trying to keep the car on the track is a good enough challenge in itself.Rally cross is fantastic, i guess this is more of a tactical side to the game, when to take Joker laps, how to overtake your opponent and get the advantage so you dont come in last. The tracks have a good balance of varying surfaces so you are constantly shifting to different driving styles. This is also a great deal of fun. The tracks are fairly limited but that might change in the future.Driving at night is a crazy experience also, paired with an event thats packed with slow makes for an interesting experience, then your hit something and loose your lights and realise the challenge that lies before you ;)Overall, i was very impressed with how the game looks, run and feels. Its a real challenge on a controller with all of the assists off so dont be surpised when you start playing it and thnk that the game is over challenging, you will adapt.The Bad:First of all, i believe that most of the issues i have is simply bad choice in Hardware. I run a high end AMD rig with r9 280X's in Crossfire, this is a more than enough for any current gen game on Ultra at 1080p. Crossfire as we know is a complete hit and miss nowadays so your experience here will be limited. After the most recent patch, not to mention AMD's push with their new Crimson drivers, the game is completely unplayable with people advising the game crashes when attempting to load a level, i simply crash with CF enabled and both my GPU's have crashed and reset themselves. There is a work around but it only works for the duration that the game is active. When you restart the game in CF, you need to apply the same work around. The only option is pplaying on a single gpu, which should be an issue for the larger percentage of players.Support from the Dev's on these forums, especially from Reps at Codemasters, is almost non-existant. We have a v1.1 entry in the forums with over 300 comments since the 5th of March and nothing from the devs. They appear to be knee deep getting the consoles running well now.I would only really recommend buying this game if you have an nVidia rig or a powerfull single gpu setup from AMD, even then from the AMD side, you will still experience some of the texture issues and various other problems listed in the forums, some of which have been present for over 1 year now, so read into that as you will.I was happy to see the game evolving over the last few months but i can honestly say that the game appears to be going back the way now and actually felt so strongly about it, i had to provide my first ever steam review.Be very wary about purchasing this game unless you have went through the forums, looked at the issues people are facing and for how long before spending money here. The positive feedback is mostly true to word but lately it may shift due to the above issues and others.No game is without issues nowadays, however that aside, the game is great and can be enjoyable when everything is running well.Get out there and smash some radiators!!Have fun."
,Recommended,310560,32877123,Posted: 27 June,all,malse,is ok
,Recommended,310560,18675627,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MisterCreepz,"By far the best rally game I've ever played. Outstanding physics, wonderful visuals, clear audio and a wide selection of tracks and cars. A true rally simulator 10/10!"
,Recommended,310560,19551387,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,D i S K,"Best Rally game available right now, very hard and very rewarding. Turn off all assists, HUD, and drive with the helmet camera for the best experience!-Co-driver says ""Don't Cut""-Cut the corner-Crash Spectacularly-Me: ""This is awesome""10/10 would cut again!"
,Recommended,310560,20445975,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,2-D,"This game has brought back the essence of what is rally, not that monster energy gymkhana rubbish. This is a proper rally sim, so if you're expecting an easy drifting arcade game, save yourself £40"
,Recommended,310560,20440800,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Nisball,"Having played a few championships to completion I am now of the opinion that this is better than Richard Burns Rally. With all assists off and a wheel it's just awesome.Hard: yes.Frustrating: You betcha.Rewarding as hell when you get it right: Bingo.It's like Codemasters forgot almost everything they'd ever made in the past, fired their entire staff & hired people who give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ From the menus to the game itself it's a very very different experience to your usual Codies trash. If only they could do something like this with the F1 licence."
,Recommended,310560,20457450,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Josew 🐺 ウルフ -,"Amazing game, really enjoyable even if you don't have a feedback wheel. Using an Xbox one controller still gives an incredible experience. Sound and graphics are just outstanding, without doubts the best racing game on PC and consoles (soon). It requires a little bit of grinding on the campaing but you can still play all stages and cars on the custom mode.About the learning curve, it doesnt' matter if you have the most basic car or a Ford Fiesta, every car is different and requires time to get used to it, stearing and breaking are way different between cars. This makes the game even more fun, just because the actual progress is not made by how many cars do you have, but how skilled you are with them.If you want a challenge and like rally/racing games, this is a must buy, even if it's not on sale."
,Recommended,310560,20460070,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Corolla FX-GT,"No more ""You should post that to youtube""And realistic handling10/10"
,Recommended,310560,20450198,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Tyler Durden,"The current highlighted review from PC Gamer states that DiRT Rally is ""not a sim."" This is an outright lie. Read virtually every other critic and player review of the game, and each will clearly state the game (Correctly so) as a simulation title. Full review whenever, I just wanted to put this out there."
76561198133528359,Recommended,310560,20462928,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,wilding,"A punishingly awesome rally experience. I started playing the game earlier last year with a controller, then went on to a simple wheel setup, and now I'm using a proper wheel with force feedback, pedal set, and a shifter. Never before have I owned a game that made me really want to upgrade my peripherals like that, but this game is so addictive and so challenging that I can't help but want to get the most out of the amazingly realistic modeling the developers have put into it.This is absolutely not an arcade racing game; there is no rewinding corners, no instant repairs (aside from changing a flat tire which costs you 1:30 extra time to your stage), and absolutely no allowance for mistakes at high speeds. You need to spend a good amount of time just learning the feel of each different type of car and how to set them up for particular terrain types and conditions before you can really get fast. This is not an instant gratification kind of game. All that said, the satisfaction of completing a whole rally or even a single event without wrecking your car is something else.Frustration is guaranteed, but if you stick with it, DiRT Rally is the single most rewarding racing experience you'll ever have.10/10"
76561197988317248,Recommended,310560,20445028,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,nordas,"Sitas geras game. Vien grazinau pinigus, kad valdymas su klava man nepatiko. o siaip garsai, grafika 10/10"
76561198074100422,Recommended,310560,20436419,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Booty Robbins,>Be me>Play this game>git gud>Drive car IRL like in game>real gud>run from cops>become unstopable drug smuggler>profit
,Recommended,310560,26917047,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,»xѕєвa360«,"Although I'm unsure if i should call this a game or a sim, I'm very sure that this is a very good product, that has exited out of Early Access very nicely. The daily/weekly/monthly online challenges give me something to come back to this game for a bit every day. The visuals are pretty good and I can get stable 60fps with my GTX 960 on ultra settings with 1080p. Audio quality is great.  Dirt Rally is lacking some features and ""features"" from previous games -- namely Replay Rewind that allowed you to undo any mistake or the 'annoying dude' telling you to 'upload that to youtube' ;) Removal of the rewind feature has made the game way more punishing, and at once, infinitely more rewarding."
76561197968558248,Recommended,310560,15613212,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,JULIO,Codemasters has finally gotten back to their RALLY-ROOTS ! The DiRT series and the whole rally-genre in gaming is getting revolutionized by a totally remarkable rally game !
,Recommended,310560,31048088,Posted: 9 April,all,Aynekko,I hate this game so much.
,Recommended,310560,30525441,Posted: 15 March,all,Herp!,"This game is really fun for people that want to experience rally driving.I can safely say that the money I paid wasworthit, like, totally.The things that Dirt Rally offer are unfound in other Rally sims; competitions, tournaments, rallycross, hillclimbing, online feature and much more...If you like simulators and want to get into the Rally experience, without hesitation;Buy this game!"
,Recommended,310560,29005738,Posted: 4 January,all,Pontifex Maximus Grug,"A proper sim! And so much fun!Smashing through turns with fine margins feels exhilarating.Don't listen anyone who says its too hard, they just want a screen that flashes ""well done""' at them."
,Recommended,310560,19560530,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Truth Colin style rally game.
,Recommended,310560,19560379,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Mr.Darek,"This is the Dirt Game I've been hoping for ever since original Colin McRay Rally.   I've recently started putting a hours into this game, and it just keeps getting better.  Playing with a G27 Wheel and a full clutch H shifter setup I'm finally in a heaven when it comes to a current gen rally racing sim.You will hate it, this game is unforgiving, but when you start to learn the courses, and the cars, and the handling, you will start to love it.   This is the first game in a long time I find myself holding my breath, as I'm screaming down a dirt road, narrowly missing flying off the edge, sometimes I get lucky, something I pull off a miracle, other times, well other times, you get a DNF and hang your head in shame.Proper sim that makes me want to spend more on my gear, upgraded seats, pedals, shifters, everything.  This game will be the cheapest part of the experience, but I'm so glad it's in my library along with Assestto Corsa."
76561198077523611,Recommended,310560,19560599,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,jksthegate,The best rally game I have ever played!
76561198050665393,Recommended,310560,19663161,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,cjs58148,Love this.  Similar to Dirt 1 but more simulator.  Wayyy better than Dirt 2 or 3 garbage.
,Recommended,310560,19662532,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Martin Zimbabwe Linko Jr. III,"Good challenge. Reminds me of RBR. I got rid of my wheel years ago, and this is playable with a gamepad."
,Not Recommended,310560,26121352,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,TetsuBo,No native HTC Vive support
,Not Recommended,310560,26121469,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,DarkSideofOZ,"Purposfully broke VIVE workaround support through revive by not allowing launch through drt.exe, wonder how much facebook is paying them.... BAD CODE, you should be ashamed."
76561197990387058,Recommended,310560,18445703,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,SNaKe,best rally game ever made i played cmr1-cmr2-cmr3-cmr4-cmr5-rbr-wrc4 but this one realy best rally game. 10/10 we wait  more locations and cars for version 1.0.
,Recommended,310560,18708087,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MrMuddie,"First impression: This game is awesome. Cars respond natural and feel realistic. The stages are very intresting with lots of corners and crests.This game is as hard as you make it. My first stages were terrible, but then I realised that the co-driver calls are essential and that you don't have to drive very fast to get a good time, just drive safe and you can get 4-5th.First thing I did was looking up what those co-driver calls mean, that helped me a lot! :pDon't expect to be 1st all the time in this game ;)I like that it's so hard to become 1st, because you're always in the middle of the leaderboard struggling to climb up a few places.The game feels fast, challenging and fun! But you need to be focused to play this :pI recommend using a steering wheel.10/10"
76561198265805490,Recommended,310560,19571865,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Grudge,Just perfect. Please allow us to use Pikes peak with all cars & create a training ground where you can give the RWDs a spin.
,Recommended,310560,15688392,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,crowbar,"This is one of the most satisfying games I have ever played (not only racing games!). This is just a short Review, my long review will come when the game is finished, but I can EASILY recommend this game to ANYONE. Especially because its so cheap right now, this is not only a fantastic game, but also a fantastic example of how you do early access right.The game is basicly finished, they just want to add more content and tweak it with player-feedback."
,Recommended,310560,15728623,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Lunatic,"Force feed back needs some tweaks for it to make sense, however, the graphics handling and selection of cars is fantastic.  This will without a doubt beat all previous rally games, it's still no where near finished, but at the same time addictive, brilliant and most of all fun!"
76561197996378829,Recommended,310560,21284735,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,The ReeferMan,"There is no better rally simulator out there, actually there isn't even any other rally simulators period, and D:R does a fantastic job at it. This is the only game to rival spintires in the offroad category IMO, and that is a very different, slower paced game.If this game eventually devellops sand courses, as they were having issues with the complexity's of sand's consistency, (and trophy truck racing, it has been mentioned in CBT by the devs) and add online multiplayer rally mode, atleast in time trials, this will be the greatest offroad game ever made. and im sure many agree with me"
76561198021744805,Recommended,310560,21302690,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ragno rosso,"After 2 hours with the Lancia Fulvia, I drove my wife's Lancia Ypsilon. My wife has an old car!10/10"
,Recommended,310560,21681471,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,DonVonHulio,Its really immersive. When i hit a big jump i feel that sinking feel in my stomach.... because he told me to keep right and i stayed left.Now im doing a barrel roll.Game best played when its installed on an SSD. Loading times are pretty long otherwise.
76561197970386740,Recommended,310560,23709496,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,FapGambit3000,Dark Souls Racing.It Hurts But i just want ♥♥♥♥ING  more!!!!
,Recommended,310560,28653486,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Weke,Amazing. Thanks Codies!
,Recommended,310560,28974740,Posted: 3 January,all,Gaydonaldo,"Dirt Rally is my favourite racing game, and it's even better in VR. Of course you should play with a good steering wheel, since controllers are for sissys anyways. I'd wish some serious mod support for custom race tracks, maybe one day...pros:Super smooth graphicsBrilliant engine soundsacceptable wheel physicsbeautiful and long tracksonline eventscons:cockpit view is kinda weird in my opinion (I mainly use bumper cam for competitive time attack).one awkward bug in VR that happens all 3-4 hours where the view changes to the menu style and the whole game is displayed in the little window where u watch replays.And I'd rather listen to the Dirt 2 soundtrack, or my own music.All in All one of my favourite games in my library, even though it ♥♥♥♥s my left shoulder since I'm only driving one handed and use the other hand for quick gear changes, but definitly worth it's money!"
,Recommended,310560,32083800,Posted: 31 May,all,Fragger2040,If you want rally: this is it.
76561198130785717,Recommended,310560,21677821,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,No Faux,"Amazing game, absolutley amazing. MY only question is why isn't it called dirty rally 4 ?"
76561198070636040,Recommended,310560,22285156,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,d0wOb,classic!
76561198208125096,Recommended,310560,26621591,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Jason Bourne,One of the best rally games you can find.
,Recommended,310560,28967940,Posted: 2 January,all,One.40 ✔,"Love the realism of the driving, but I hate the lack of car cosmetic customization."
,Recommended,310560,29410413,Posted: 21 January,all,Chrismeister @ Linux,Thank you Codemasters for an excellent game!
,Recommended,310560,29714698,Posted: 5 February,all,panrok90,Amazing physics and handling. Very nice graphics and audio as well.On the negative the bad feeling from the FFB.
,Recommended,310560,32092709,Posted: 31 May,all,Basil,Great game!!
76561198258698470,Recommended,310560,21259124,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,gsalwir,"Absolutely realistic feeling, great graphics, pure rally game - exactly what was missing from the market.For the cons, i only can mention the pacenotes, which should really need some improvements (i mean English), it is boring how the navigator speaks, and sometimes he describes corners and combinations way too wrong/lately.Definitely recommended!"
76561197974046422,Recommended,310560,21262592,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Badshot,this game is awesome!  its challenging and it looks beautiful.
76561198046911632,Recommended,310560,21274847,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,entershu,"alot of tracks,cars and car tweeks. when racing you can feel all the bumps on the track."
76561198089466500,Recommended,310560,21280680,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,hatling,Meget fliring and kantfælg and also some crejzy breifææælg at times.Irælyrcomend
76561198045007470,Recommended,310560,21285866,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,slp,Best modern Rally game.10/10
,Recommended,310560,21285868,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Speinsereins,Absolutely amazing simulator. Perfect with a force feedback wheel but also nice with a gamepad
76561198007477994,Recommended,310560,21304076,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Serial Ape-Ist,Best Rally Sim I play´d for a long time.
76561197970621857,Recommended,310560,21669605,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Oncsy,I have played several car racing game in the last 30 years but this one is one of the best and most enjoyable. It has full of content with several places and track and a lot of nice and historical cars. It needs 1 hour to get used to the control and everything but after that you will enjoy it a lot. It is not an arcade game I would rate as 80% simulation and 20% arcade which is a perfect balance.  The integration of Steam workshop is also fine and give more depth to the game.Codemaster just keep on going on this way!!!!Try it!
,Recommended,310560,21690562,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,a_gamers_nightmare,"This is by far one of the best racing games that have been released in the past several years. Its one that has been able to capture the gameplay of a game that makes you, and almost calls you, to continue coming back to it over and over again. It never gets old!! I remember back when I had a PS2, and I got one of my first games, and I was contenet with just that. Never needed and never wanted any more, this game is like that. It will absolutely captivate you from the first seconds of racing. (Granted it will take a whil before you get good at it. I've played a little under 10 hours, and I still have  huge crashes in it) But it is definitely worth your time and money, so please, DROP THE $60 FOR IT!! YOU WILL NOT ERGRET THIS PURCHASE. (make sure you have a wheel though, yopu can use a keyboard, but it is nowhere near as fun as it is with a wheel.)Gameplay 9 - 10 (Need for locations, and definitely more rallycross tracks, only 3 full rallycross circuits are in the game :( )Graphics  10 - 10 (Absolutely gorgeous and stunning)Sound        9 - 10 (Very good, better than most games, but I think copuld be a little better)Overall 28/30 = 93.3%"
76561197972398393,Recommended,310560,22277231,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Crispy_T,"Quite possibly the best of the Dirt games for pure racing, A more serious game than 2, 3 , and Showdown. It looks awesome and can be quite challenging at times. Reminds me most of Dirt 1 but with multiplayer. A definite pick-up for rally, rally-cross, and hillclimb fans!"
,Recommended,310560,22295762,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Vermouth ツ,i have this game from the early access and until now it still improving a lot!
,Recommended,310560,23628386,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Zorida,One word. Awesome. A must have.
,Recommended,310560,21641962,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,seXXXygandHi LF Hoops Partner,GG
,Recommended,310560,22276814,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,terrymcgrady,"One word: epic! I was so wet when I saw the good old codemasters rally game returned. If you're a rally fan, grab this game. It's a must have. If you are not, grab this game, you will become one."
76561197991986415,Recommended,310560,22277037,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,john1231,"Best Rally game out there, nothing to add"
76561198296322989,Recommended,310560,22295719,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,darylldaz,Superb rally sim....
,Recommended,310560,23258696,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,$/\NTU_007,"One of the best rally games.Wait it is the toop 2 rally game.As 1st place goes to the RBR,this game has won a special place in my collections.Thank you codemasters for giving s a beautiful game.Hope the codies release dlc for the dirt rally with newer cars,tracks."
,Recommended,310560,30388498,Posted: 8 March,all,RealFalcon,"Strongly recommended. Best rally game ever. Turn all assists OFF, use a H pattern manual gearbox with a FB steering wheel. Feel the Rally!"
,Recommended,310560,30916851,Posted: 2 April,all,davyjack,The daddy of rally games. Spectacular!!
,Recommended,310560,21436567,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Afro Engineer,The physics  of  the vehicles are amazing.you get a feel for the gears and drifting.courses are long and beautiful with terrains which vary in conditions.
76561198114304185,Recommended,310560,17806377,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Grim,"A very fun rally game but just like all other racing and rally simulators on pc it certainly dosen't simulate the feeling or  accurately represent the movements of a real car in real life. It bothered me that FWD cars have endless grip at 50 kp/h on a loose gravel stage in a 35 degree turn yet I tried in real life at the same speed in a Mitshabishi Magna Exclusive TJ on loose gravel at a corner as close to the game as i can find and was losing traction and the car started to slide at 50 kp/h, so I was very let down on how far away Dirt rally car handling is from real life. Excellent audio, decent graphics and framerae issues with a Intel I5 4670K @ 4.2GHZ + AMD R9 270X but still worth it if you like good offroad rally games.Wheel used to play: Logitech Driving Force GTSummery of review:Car Handling: 4/10Physics: ??/10 (Not a physics professor only real life experience so this stays blank)Graphics: 7/10 (Good atm but will rate higher if more improvements are made)Variety of tracks and cars: 5/10 (Will rate higher when the full game is released)Quality of stages: 9/10 (Codemasters did a damn good job)FFB 5/10: (Just bareable atm, if it improves so will the score)Note: Low playtime hours is due to offline play"
,Recommended,310560,19548232,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Napoleon Bonaparte,"Made me a fan of rally! I absolutley love it. This is definitely a sim, it includes rallycross, stage rally and hillclimbing. I advise that anyone who is interested in this game purchase a racing wheel.P.S. I have about 100 more hours on this game offline"
76561198007843962,Recommended,310560,19348582,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Thorili,"Absolutely excellent game that any rally fan should pick up.  I ecpress my views (hopefully in not too random an order in the linked video)https://youtu.be/Kz5ZL6zwnysPros:- Simulation (IMHO as close as you can get)- Types of cars (1960s to Group B to Modern)- Stages are measured and photographed not made up- Weather effects (who doesn't love driving 100mph in Monte Carlo in the fog?)- ""Career"" system that makes you start out in an underpowered FWD car (how you would want to do it in real life)Cons:- Stage length (Please codemasters longer stages in the future)- Only 6 locations DLC will solve this"
76561198024994192,Recommended,310560,25824179,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,burns,"If you are still wondering if Dirt Rally is a good enough substitute for your age old RBR itch, it is! Also works perfectly fine with my old Wingman Formula Force GP, which is a major contribution to my enjoyment of Dirt Rally.Here´s some other things that people said about Dirt Rally:""To finish 1st, you must first finish.""- Rick Mears""You don´t have to apply full throttle all the time.""- Richard Burns Rally""Slow is smooth, smooth is fast.""- Delta Force"
76561198078641819,Recommended,310560,24876638,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,B4TM4N,Awesome game for all rally enthusiasts. Having a blast.Occasional hitching and a few unnoticeable bugs.
,Recommended,310560,26488970,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Waffles,One of the best games I've played in the last 10 years.This is the driving game so many of us had been wanting for so long.
,Recommended,310560,15669479,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Skitz,"Got the rally bug with rallisport challenge 2 on the original xbox. Bug rekindled at fever pitch with this release by Codemasters. Absolutely despise their F1 2014 effort but this has restored some reason to believe in Codies again.Positives:-variety and length of stages even at this early stage of development-Sound authentically reproduced-graphics have an impressive level of detail-handling/physics model is acceptable to very good - always very subjective and hampered by current lack of FFB-difficulty rating is high but the tricky narrow tracks can be tamed with patience and time- early access is a massive positive as it means developers will get constructive feedback from rally sim enthusiasts, so the game should only get better- restarting a stage in career mode punishes you by docking credit points (used to buy new cars and hire team members)Negatives:-force feedback is crude and loose, not unlike a professional $20 street corner worker, on the wheel (Fanatec CSR) but have tried the xbox 360 controller and that feels better wrt feedback, though I will never go back to the pad as I am an elitist, pompous wheel user- no FOV adjustment in cockpit view.- minor: cannot slow down replays to half speed or similar- on finishing a custom stage one cannot go back to a menu to save the setup.- occasional crashes when loading a stage or trying to enter a stage without running repairs after stage 2, 4 etc.I am absolutely excited with what is already on offer here and get a warm and fuzzy feeling in all the right places when I think of the possibilities for this early access gem. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,310560,17445047,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,SlowDancer,VRvrvRVm mm mmmmmm mmm Vrrmm VRMVRMVMMRM BRMMMMMMMMMMMMM VRMMMMMMMMMMMM
,Recommended,310560,21607258,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ikon3d,Когда нибудь я справлюсь с этой заднеприводной лянчей и научусь грамотно отстраивать аморты.
,Recommended,310560,23514001,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ExplosiveWarBee,"So, I've play few racing games in the past such as Need for Speed and Next Car Game. I'd have to say this game is so much fun! It's like those two games had a child, and this was the outcome.Pros:-Sturdy game-Realism-Challenging-Optimized for lower end PCs-Looks beautiful-So many settings :DCons:-Challenging-Multiplayer not recommended for lower end PCs-Suggest using controller or wheel (Keyboard is too sharp of movements)-Rebind all keys (Not joking- you must rebind them ALL)This is not a bad review- I absolutley love this game- first DiRT game I have played, and I seriously approve! :DBy the way, wait until it goes on sale- I got mine with the whole franchise deal."
,Recommended,310560,27421137,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,rosyib voodi,game rally yang gak ada nomor duanya. handling game ini lebih baik dari versi sebelumnya sayang texture dan efek element lain aku rasa masih lebih bagus dirt 2. #ULTRASETTING
76561197979357490,Recommended,310560,18634444,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,SortedGeeza,"Having owned every single CMR and Dirt game that's been released on the pc. im happy to say, ""no ken block"" (yay).i understand this is a game in development, so i'll do my best to forgive it for being the most power hungry racing title i've played (optimise much DiRt rally coders?).The handling well, i seems hit or miss depending on the stage/weather (using a G29 wheel)... i was hoping the game felt like Dirt 3 and it does, BUT it like they've tried to inprove it by making it feel more realistic via making the cars (for want of a better explanation) 'under-handle'...  it feels like im constantly in the settings menu trying to tweak the way the game feels instead of enjoying the game, but when im not, i do... thoroughly.i seriously hope they revert the physics systems, controls (feel) and options for FF wheels back to Dirt3 and Showdown (identically) as other wise this is spot on and at last the stages are compareable to RBR in terms or length and realism (think fatigue over distance).Overall i rate this as my favorite racing/driving/rallying game, and and happy to have paid full whack to help support development.my main gripe is that i just hope they add the G29 into the defaults (circle as handbrake, square to look back and L2 to reset vehicle please).If your a fan of the franchise and havent bought it yet, ""DO IT"" :-)"
,Recommended,310560,18457393,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,maytagman,"Will possibly end up being the best rally game of all time?I've been so sick of junk rally titles, the only other title I enjoyed was codemasters colin mcrae rally 2.0 way back in the day. But I have a feeling this will be the game by which to compare all the rest..."
76561198167583871,Recommended,310560,19549963,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Cook,"Love the sport of rallying? Buy this game.Dont love the sport of rallying? Buy this game.There's not a better, more challenging racing game on the market and there's no better feeling then flying through the forests of finland in a Subaru or charging round the challenging, muddy stages of Wales in a classic Group B Monster.10/10 would crash again."
,Recommended,310560,18388035,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Wrecked911,Disclaimer: Do not play this if you are in a Skype call. You will miss the corners and most likely die.
,Recommended,310560,23506801,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,AbuKhalid,فقط لأني شفت تخفيض عليها حبيت اكتب مراجعه سريعهفضل جزءواقعيه اكبرصعوبه ممتعهجرافيكس رايعاللي يحب الراليات ، ارشح له افضل لعبه نزلت مؤخرا
,Recommended,310560,19634376,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,BYAKKO,"DiRT 2 : An outgoing Ameribro obsessed with monster energy drinks, but is a genuinely fun person to hangout with.DiRT 3 : Your stylish party-animal friend with an American accent who always invites you to attend his pointless parties(Gymkhana), which are fun at first but gradually get more annoying.DiRT Rally : Your ex"
76561197970740556,Not Recommended,310560,26081238,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Vango,"Bought this first day it came out on early access, played for a few hours then desided to wait until SteamVR support. Still waiting with no official word from the devs it seems? Cant recommend it at this time"
,Not Recommended,310560,24263190,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Darren OBrien,"Originally DIRT Rally was great, You could really slide the car in the corners, and get a great feel from it. Then they brought a patch and it went the other way, wheels not working right, feedback all over the place and then the graphics were buggy.One patch the Game feels great then the next its horrable.It seems Codemasters do a patch to fix a patch but not the game itself !.Then theres the latest VR update... 10GB 12/7/16, for a very small user base 0.5% of all Dirt Rally drivers have VR. This should have been a DLC for VR and Oculus owners only. Not Everyone. I have uninstalled it now.Graphics wise its on par with most, though some areas for improvement.I wont bother on a Codemasters game again."
,Recommended,310560,16567723,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,stubar,Don't hesitate to buy if you enjoyed the old Colin Macrae games.This looks like it could be the best rally game ever made.Go Codemasters!!
76561198038022925,Recommended,310560,15769312,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Ciderfects,Put in 14 hours and just won my first stage 10/10
76561198153663187,Recommended,310560,15633144,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,lesjahn4,fantastic rally game i love the realistic long stages anyone who loves rallys buy it .
76561197993822428,Recommended,310560,15882169,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,octobearshark,"Let me first point out the obvious, this is my first 'review', and I have honestly only sunk a couple good hours into this game...however!wow.. what a game ! I'm not typically into racing sims, racing games and what not, but rally type games have always hit a soft spot with me.pros :- Realistic, but not hyper-realistic.. you still get that arcade rally type feel, but in a modern type control scheme- Amazing gameplay for an early access- Them graphics!  - texture detail is fairly high.. scenery is a joy to look at, even when you're ripping down a narrow dirt hill going 100- Nice pace in map design, length, challenge..- Speaking of challenge...this game is pretty difficult! Nice to have that co pilot bark upcoming course deviations, but still, get caught on one lip and your car is flying off the side of the track ( don't get me wrong, this is f***ing fun as hell! )Cons :- Like mentioned, early access... means bugs, optimization issues. I can get this to run on a laptop in 1080p , most graphics set to low + medium and still get beyond 60 fps no problem.- Really recommend a wheel or controller to play this - keyboard ( even mechanical ) the game responds a bit 'tight' and makes it that much more difficult ( could get a good thing? )I mean there is probably more to mention in pros / cons, but I don't really care.. I hate diving into early access games at this price point, but can't recommend it enough!Seriously get this title! You'll be rally glad you did :D"
,Recommended,310560,15598145,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ian. Dao,TL;DR : DARK SOULS RALLY EDITIONAll of my friends crashed in the same corner and killed a black journalist.
76561198070270018,Recommended,310560,15639826,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Thorax89,Best rally game in the stores today.
,Recommended,310560,24264111,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ETD,Just countering some of the negativity by people who don't know what ReVive is.
76561198326747798,Not Recommended,310560,28316161,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,dougdorsey1,"This could be a good game if Codmaster just put a little effort towards the user interface. Trying to just watch the replay using a Thrustmaster Wheel is a nighmare. I am not much of a computer geek, and from what I see you need to be in order to enjoy this game. Once your driving its really fun but the frustrations far out weigh the fun. iRacing and Assetto Corsa are so easy to use and I wish this was the case for Dirt Rally"
,Recommended,310560,15834849,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,QED20,"The Dark Souls of racing sims.I got ♥♥♥♥ed but I loved it.This is a fantastic game, and despite being early access, has the tinge of an AAA racing title. Mechanically, the game is smooth. Cars control realistically, and there is a great deal of variety between makes and models in regards to handling. The courses themselves are not too varied yet (3 locales, a few different courses in each), and there isn't a whole lot to do apart from championship (just race and win, get credits, buy better cars, etc.), and some only daily/weekly/monthly challenges. The sound design is phenomenal - it feels like you are inside the car, driving. I love how the navigator gets fluctuations in his voice when the driving is perilous.If you're a rally fan, buy this NOW. If you like a challenging racing sim, buy this NOW. For an early access title, it has a lot to offer - I cannot wait to see the final product."
,Recommended,310560,15861086,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,holku,"This game is amazing.  The graphics, the sound, the overall feel of driving right on edge are all fantastic.  This is not a true sim as much of the physics are cartoon based and rolling your car into a forest is only a slight setback.  After many hours and close to 1k km of racing I am engaged and keep coming back day after day to keep pushing faster.I play on an XBox 360 controller and steering can be problematic when your car loses traction corrections quickly become overcorrections.  Definitely a game that will be better served by a wheel once they sort out the FFB issues many are currently experiencing.All in all this game is full of potential and so far Codemasters are capitalizing on it."
,Recommended,310560,15684553,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ChrisQ,Would drive off a cliff at 70mph again!!10/10
76561198166963933,Recommended,310560,29900046,Posted: 13 February,all,augustblizzard,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Recommended,310560,15648182,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Mr.cupzJaYu,"Initially I didn't particularly like rally gameBut, after I tried Dirt RallyI changed my mindgood gameReal engine soundsalthough it is difficult to driveI still love ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8FtoPYNki8"
,Recommended,310560,28116491,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,sorgens,"Turning off all the assists gives a huge challenge, graphics and environment are great, single player championships are perfect and multiplayer daily/weekly/monthly challenges + rallycross makes the game superb. Definitely the best racing game I've ever played."
76561198062795378,Recommended,310560,19755245,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,chowder,its not the fart that kills you its the smell
,Recommended,310560,24458406,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Nikodemos,So far it seems pretty good.
76561197993794441,Recommended,310560,15859989,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Hairway to Steven,The most fun I've ever had in a driving game.
,Recommended,310560,15883442,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,MAD_JIHAD,"This game gave me blisters on my hands. Ive been sim racing for years on iRacing and other games like AC but this is a new challenge for me, I love it."
,Recommended,310560,22736560,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Xanatoast,"""If in doubt, don't cut"""
,Recommended,310560,18424562,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,NewtypE,"Codemasters after years of Simcading the DiRT franchise (Colin is rolling in his grave) has finally made a worthy addition of Rally racing in the form of DiRT Rally. The experience is kinda forgiving on 4WD but get into a Lancia Stratos or a 037 (sorry Lancia bias) and you will notice the difference. I will not say too much except that this is worth the time and money (or be a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and go to♥♥♥♥♥ Humble Bundle, etc.)."
,Recommended,310560,15584381,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,YouTube | Twisted Knot,Well the graphics are really good and the gameplay is nice-ish. I did find the controlls a little sensitive but as i played around with the settings and got into the game i started to enjoy it more I'd recommend a TIMER for when you play the game after paused (eg-3 Seconds) so you can prepare yourself to continue racing.
,Recommended,310560,19556834,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,WarmFace_0,"Do you like to go fast?Do you like racing on tight and narrow dirt tracks?====Updated Review=====Dirt Rally delivers the thrill of rally, it's technical and will really test your abilities.This game is a good balance between simulation and arcade, a decent selection of cars tracks and liveries to customize your car.The physics feel great, cars sound amazing and the graphics are pretty good.There are very few downsides to this game, most will be certainly addressed in the sequel.A real lack up Hill Climb tracks.... Pikes Peak is all you get.I certainly would like to see more cars throughout the entire roster, and less favoritism towards certain brands.Improvements to the co-driver audio, even customization would be an excellent feature, and perhaps more content like tracks and and special items in the workshop.9/10"
76561198043161293,Recommended,310560,22945508,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
76561197963383607,Recommended,310560,23471915,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Fonz,One of the best rally games of all times. 11/10
76561198075451981,Recommended,310560,30874593,Posted: 1 April,all,Totte,Dansgame
76561198006917462,Recommended,310560,22300712,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Renegade,a great rally sim
76561198099844698,Recommended,310560,31211218,Posted: 17 April,all,k|¡ñgøñ,"260+ hours and I still rarely place in the top 10%, fml.Why do I cut? Why? He specifically says not to, yet I do it anyway."
76561198028826458,Recommended,310560,24218984,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jacob,"What an impressive game. Very challenging but rewarding. Lots of rally courses and cars to drive. Game runs very smooth on a GTX 970. If you are into sim racing, I very much recommend it."
,Recommended,310560,28569391,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dragonwrath,"First Impressions 40 minutes in.Music: God damn awful. It sounds like a cross between ""Flat Eric"" and a check out till at Tesco's. Whoever picked this music should be locked in a porta loo, set on fire and thrown screaming from a cliff!Gameplay. I'm playing this on a Logitech Driving Force GT, and while I can play Dirt 3 CE fine with this. DR is more like ""Tree Killing Simulator 2016!"" There is NO room for any error, unless passing checkpoints or the finish line on your roof passes as driving.Graphics: Are really good. The maps levels are a lot longer than in previous Dirt titles. You can tell a lot of work has gone into the damage and crash visuals, because, well you'll see these a lot.I picked this up at £16 on Steam Winter Sale. And for the money it is worth it. I suggest spending the rest of the RRP cost on headache tablets and anti-depressants. You'll need them."
76561198066946128,Recommended,310560,24220122,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Rustle,80 past junction into right three over crest bad camber rocks on exit
76561198103864176,Recommended,310560,22228751,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Little J,这是一款能够让你真正体会到拉力赛迷人之处的作品，哪怕你贪一秒的油门，有时也会让自己后悔不已，有时你也会庆幸失控的赛车幸运的回到赛道上，不论你想体验冷酷的赛道所带来的成就感，还是穿行于风情各异的道路，这绝对是不容错过的佳作。最终，向group B致敬，一个辉煌而又疯狂的赛车年代。
76561197994982897,Recommended,310560,19561308,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TTM,Game Of The Year!
,Recommended,310560,19610698,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,TOX,"Incredible game.I knew almost nothing about it because Codemasters did so little press, but that's kinda comforting in a way.They were confident this would come out as a true Rally game, and let the gameplay speak for itself, instead of overhyping a bad game, they underhyped an incredible rally simulator.And this time they didn't leave out the cockpit mode, the reverse actually, they award you bonus points for playing in headcam mode.This is truly a fantastic game, and worth the buy if you are into car racing.What really stands is the car tweak option, it allows for numerous detailed costumizations, to get the car rolling the way you want it to.Best played with a wheel and pedals, but I've been playing in the keyboard and having a blast. Some of the cars arew impossible to control on the keyboard though, mainly because they have so much torque, and keyboard buttons don't have sensitivity pedals."
,Recommended,310560,19096260,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,modafuqa,"ВЖЖ ВЖЖ ЛЕФТ СИКС ВЖЖЖЖЖЖ РАЙТ ФО ДОНТ КАТ ДЫР ДЫР ВЖЖ ВЖЖЖЖЖЖГеймплей, физон, управление (+FFB), графон, звук и музыка - 10/10, РИКАМЕНДУЮ!"
,Recommended,310560,19389235,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Neh,"I have been waiting for a really good rally game for such long time, and i finally found it when i bought this game. It is just amazing, it is though, but thats racing! All the surfaces is realistic, as are the cars!"
,Recommended,310560,19554643,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,EZZA,"THE BEST MODERN RALLY GAME/SIMULATION THERE IS! Lets get that out first, which is true, word to word. I've been part of the Early Access -programm since the beginning and it brings an tear to my eye to see this baby get a ""code green"" launch day by 1.0 update, which came out today. I'm not gonna jabber long, this game is a DEFINITE buy for any rally fan!"
,Recommended,310560,23835143,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,LokiD,"The best rally game ever......No....Better than Seb Rally.. in areas..This game is spoilt by the awful tarmac handling, so much that this surface almost needs to be taken out of the game. (seb does it better here) Audio and Visual yeah damn good as well as car track content. For me it still has a bit of that old dirt feel, warp speed like feel, super high flying jumps, unrealistic cockpit views, too wide rally courses......ok rally game but not convinced in areas."
,Recommended,310560,29714794,Posted: 5 February,all,Bob_da_builder,good game when it was first out but its dead now due too crap multiplayer.
76561197984924413,Recommended,310560,29730518,Posted: 5 February,all,Terra,The best racing simulation out there.It has a rough start but once you get a feeling for the tracks and cars you're gonna have so much fun.Various cars 2WD 4WD from 80 HP to 450 HP cars.
,Recommended,310560,18952317,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,big awUp,"good game,but please add keyboard support like dirt 3 ;)"
,Recommended,310560,26526073,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ffiibb,"Try driving with keyboard, fail horribly. Buy a controller, try again, fail less. 10/10 will never get my drivers license again."
,Recommended,310560,18847177,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Lanier-Senpai,"This game is terrific. It is very challenging in my opinion. The physics just feel right. The graphics are superb and it is optimized very well. I really liked the constant updates through early access as well. If youre a dev and you want to do early access, then take note.Id recommend!"
,Recommended,310560,15630480,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Flumdubbidu,YES.
76561198013253405,Recommended,310560,15633179,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,timinat0r,"I'm a past Gran Turismo fan and have been looking for a good racing sim for a while, and have been really impressed with the bit that I have seen so far. Polished gameplay and enough complexity to keep me interested. Looking forward to more additions to the game in the coming months."
,Recommended,310560,15633061,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,original_skin,"Full of potential. Never been more excited about an early access game.Finally, something to replace Richard Burns Rally after more than a decade."
,Recommended,310560,15803440,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,zeimus ↟,Update:  THIS GAME KEEPS IMPRESSING ME.  The developers have really outdone themselves.  This game is so good it makes up for that terrible dirt showdown game.  The sounds and graphics are great.  Good atmosphere.  Very realistic.  I can't wait for the next update.    Must buy for any driving fans.WARNING: HIGHLY ADDICTIVE!!Even though its in Early Access its a much better rally game than previous Dirt games.
,Recommended,310560,16754068,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Uncut Greek Meat,Group B was lots of fun
,Recommended,310560,18279293,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Untsman,"The best rally simulator there is. The other dirt games are more of an arcade racer, but this is a full on simulator. It's should not be played with keyboard or a controller, but with a gaming wheel. THE BEST RALLY SIMUALTOR"
,Recommended,310560,22400041,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,German Potato $oup,"If you loved Richard Burns Rally, buy this game. The driving physics is great and it is best to play with a steering wheel to experience what it's like driving in a real rally car."
,Recommended,310560,22402626,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,-KYS- McGeezer,Best Rally Sim! Must buy for any car nut!!
76561198074082494,Recommended,310560,29793087,Posted: 8 February,all,theliltank4901,Awesome racing game the game just needs more stuff to do!!!!
,Recommended,310560,24990728,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Ground pilot,"It isn't the best game, but for sure better than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ racing games other people play. so it's good"
,Recommended,310560,15588542,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,AzoresST,Love this <3
76561198050741816,Recommended,310560,27970976,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Karmmah,"Nearly perfect Rally Simulation. Especially playing it with a wheel and just enjoying the driving physics. At release there were too few rally stages, but the devs are adding more tracks and cars over time."
,Recommended,310560,27912207,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Syroop,I'm not crying because I crashed again... There's just DiRT in my eye.In all honesty this game is awesome...ly hard
76561198071452606,Recommended,310560,29564841,Posted: 29 January,all,KAANISCUS,Rally is my dream and this game better than my dreams.
76561198066022396,Recommended,310560,17367685,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,b4b4j3g4,this game cool af
76561198054154766,Recommended,310560,29884223,Posted: 12 February,all,Itzmegabits!,very hard game would recommend it to someone who has played the dirt games before.
,Recommended,310560,16428941,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,defcon235,11/10Would right 3 over crest off cliff again.
76561197977619350,Recommended,310560,18883479,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Wispy,"Great game so far! Playing on an Xbox one controller and handles great. Very good FPS rates, no stutters or lag that I've noticed."
76561198011483528,Recommended,310560,27850361,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nozum,"I've tried alot of rally games, but this is my #1!Playing this with a steering wheel and a htc vive, is really amazing!"
76561197984769088,Recommended,310560,15674547,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,-=TĐC=-|Topmeme,"Love this game so far. Just one problem. That's the force feedback but it will be better with time, but for now does anyone have a setup for the G27?"
,Recommended,310560,27834602,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,eXa,Propably the best rally game in the market
76561198042931566,Recommended,310560,15593661,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,apebelly,amazing rally driving experience just like the good old colin mcrae days and as said in most reviews ... NO silly gymkana rubbish
,Recommended,310560,27837841,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TiTch,Top Rally game
76561197986218963,Not Recommended,310560,21803548,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,bareuhcuda,"'m about ready to delete this f $$king game...it feels like i'm playing donkey kong, every time i restart the game, it starts from the beginning."
76561198133256946,Recommended,310560,24231647,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,cjfunited,"Wait for Dirt Rally 2 if such a thing happens. The game is fun but a few issues in my opinion stop it from achieving the experience I hoped it would be. Nevertheless it is possibly the best rally driving sim going at this point in time.Fun for the most part, I am a big fan of the car handling and some of the authenticity. It is a sim and I hope to some degree it stays that way... howeverMy gripes-Inconsistent co-driver corner directions that make it near impossible to do stages without errors and memorising turns or starting over.-Some road widths are way to small considering and road edges are hostile. Grass road edges will spin you, snow walls grab, ditches offset the car; the slightest error on many long courses will cost you the race. I get it that its based on actual roads but in the interest of making the game approachable tracks need just a little bit of extra girth to accommodate the dangers of running wide.-Penalties are huge, 15 seconds. There is no point, if you get a penalty its time to restart.-Car damage repair is almost meaningless. Repairs feel pointless and if you are repairing your certainly not in any position to win or make a comeback.All these combined make this game bad for the every day sim fan. The difficulty seems comparable to real world rally driving which may sound like a complement but its not. I want to feel like a sim driver, but as a gamer I shouldn't be expected to reach the kind of disciple expected by real world counterparts.It seriously is in need of a rewind function. You get ten minutes down a road remembering the corners because of the co-drivers ineptness, you get a little to close and fast and swing wide off the road and into a tree. That's it stage over your now 6th place, time to restart the entire stage again... or you could have a 5 second rewind feature."
76561198016042084,Recommended,310560,15636494,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,๖ۣۜMR.Ɖesuloki,If Dark Souls 2 had a racing game this would be one of them.
,Recommended,310560,17386143,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Monty,"While the graphics on the oculus do not yet rival Project Cars, the mechanics alone make this one of the most exciting racing simulations in VR. This game is fantastic, especially now that there's some Rally Cross.10/10"
76561198012045738,Recommended,310560,18846942,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Literally Shaking,"To get the most fun out of this game, a wheel is a MUST !"
76561198000260757,Recommended,310560,29834930,Posted: 10 February,all,Rykin666,"Unbelievably hard if you don't force yourself to slow down until you get the hang of exactly how your car feels.I found it very immersive, could play for hours and hours with no breaks. At least until I rage quit after pushing myself too hard too many times."
,Recommended,310560,29928370,Posted: 14 February,all,@Minwasko,+
,Recommended,310560,16712675,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Yavalanche,"You have to turn the wheel!Medium right, c'mon Sammy. Please.Medium left MEDIUM LEFT!!! Listen to my calls!Sammy. You have to listen Sammy. Otherwise it is not working.Samir, you are breaking the car!10/10"
,Recommended,310560,22209168,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,SgtIcetea,So after over 70 hours I decided it would be time to review it.tl;dw: Best Rally Game ever made.Full Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpyknyJ8tKc
,Recommended,310560,17103028,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Haze,"very challenging game, but it can also be extremely rewarding if you practice. 9/10 because some of the camera views are not adjusted properly and i had to resort to mods instead."
,Recommended,310560,15967669,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,TheCuriousTongue,"First 24 hours:So after 24 hours what are my first impressions... is it another mediocre affair from the guys at Codemasters... Would there be buyers remorse...So the file size isn't actually that big... this is because the game itself isn't that big. With very limited cars and tracks, this game is most definitely still in it's early stages. When you start the game there is sense of something new. Something more substantial than the competition. Immediately you notice the lack of a mini map. Like true rally and CMR games of old this is because you rely on a little man sitting next to you guiding you through the stages. This is one of the few things to remain from any of the previous Dirt games or CMR... The physics and everything else is turned to 11. You now get told about bad cambers and  not to cut. There are deceptive tight and long corners. The damage and feel is amazing... I suggest that if you are a fan of racing games or just fun... BUY THIS GAME.I shall be adding more as time goes on and Hillclimb comes.Graphics: 10/10Sound: 10/10Design: 9/10Physics: 10/10Realism : 10/10"
,Recommended,310560,23488033,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,DeliveryNinja,The best rally game to date.
76561198037629104,Recommended,310560,18679951,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dawn_Patrol_RIP,"It is still in early acces but that status shouldn't hold you back, definitely a must buy for anyone who can endure the frustration from starting over and over again to reach the sweet smell of a 4th place at the end. After Dirt 3 this game makes me humble again, and so is Codemasters who listen to their community in every step of the design process."
76561197967575603,Recommended,310560,20399942,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Youssofa Moukoko (12),is awesome
,Recommended,310560,21827714,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Puppies_&_Deathmetal,"Hands down, the best rally sim since RBR...The empty void i've had in me is finally filled, keep making games like this codemasters! You guys have TOTALLY redeemed yourselves!11/10"
76561198254894134,Recommended,310560,19429073,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Turkish,"Awesome game, the graphics are great and the controls are great even if you don't have a wheel and pedals to play with. The physics are amazing as well, when you drive the group B cars it really feels like its a handful to get around the track. The damage aspect is perfect, I love how you can get a flat tire then after awhile the tire shreds off completely. My only gripe about the game is how much one crash sets you back, add to that the fact that AI never seem to crash or have bad luck one race. It causes me to push the envelope which is fun with rally but then one crash and you're sitting in 4th place so you basically have to start the race over. The stages are pretty long (5+mins on average) so retrying a stage multiple times if you crash gets exhausting. That being said I feel like I've put a decent amount of time into the game and I don't have much to show for it in terms of cars in my garage. I think it's mainly because I suck at the game but I digress. Buy it, you won't be disappointed!"
76561198063755467,Recommended,310560,20012913,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,alexmcloud,Makes DIRT 3 seem like an arcade version.
,Recommended,310560,19985862,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,john ッ,"This game is great but don't even bother purchasing it if you don't have a wheel. I've been playing with my Logitech G920 so far and it has been great. I haven't played with a keyboard but it seems like it would be difficult. This game has a somewhat steep learning curve but once you get used to it, it's fun."
76561198025954659,Recommended,310560,19993013,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nibbo,The ultimate Rally experience.
,Recommended,310560,20580340,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Witch,"Just the game of the year (2015), and a great back to the roots. The feeling, even with pad, is just amazing (if you setup your car, obviousely). I have 75hour on the game and i love ride the same curves again and again. Play it with no help and interior view, and retry again and again untill you know the road and your gear :D for finally run without thinking, just feel.This game is pure pleasure."
,Recommended,310560,20590991,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,DJebel DRoid,"I really like this game.  It is (fact) the best rally game ever and I come back to it pretty much everyday to do the daily or the career.  However...it is also really fustrating.  There are pentalties for restarting, no rewind and it has realistic but not always perfectly consistent pace notes.  These are fustrating but could be seen as good things.  They do make you better at the game.  There is also Rallycross and Hillclimb modes.  It's just a really good game, everything is accurate and realistic and you can make it to yuour level of simulation easily.  Also it has Oculus Rift suppourt so yeah."
,Recommended,310560,20604920,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,cnstudio2003,"Hmm... It's good, but has some issue with 900 degree steering wheel like Fanatec CSW V2,The soft lock function fail and the steering angle doesn't match between real hardware and in the game software...Hope this issue can be improved soon"
76561197970426732,Recommended,310560,20629740,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,☠ Jughead #RoadToDMG,"Played Richard Burns Rally back in the days? I did and if you did this game is definetly for you. And for a new comers too. Best rally game in years. Buy this and you wont regret it. It takes a while to learn but it is worth it. I didin't believe that this kind of game would come after all this horrible full arcade cr*p.I really do hope that we see couple of updates in the future. You really need more rallycross stages because multiplayer with friends on the same track is really great. Lack of tracks just makes it a bit dull after a while. You also should be able to drive RWD cars on a rallycross stages 80's style (BMW, Sierra Cosworth etc.).More content and more gravel rallystages! If there's going to be a optional purchasable track and car pack, I'll buy it for sure and I think many other would as well."
76561198025303183,Recommended,310560,20635530,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,44TZL,"Verdict: After reaching new lows with the rally themed game Dirt 3, Codemasters now produced a very good rally sim and also one of the best, if not the best looking sim out there.Caveats:(1) Smooth, high frame rates make all the difference (else you won't be playing for long I think).(2) While you could play with a keyboard, a wheel makes quite a difference. A wheel is essential for the rear wheel drive cars.I am re-doing my review now because after the upgrade from a 970 to an (oc-ed) 980Ti and tweaking the settings to always get 60fps on 3440x1440, I found myself enjoying this game a whole lot more. The physics started 'talking to me' through visual clues and FFB, I started to be able to avoid crashing and over correcting, picking my lines through corners better and so on..  Anyway this is not to say you need a Ti, it is that high, smooth framerates will help you play and enjoy this title so much more - so spend some time tweaking it.Anyway here's my score card / comments (with a focus on things less often mentioned):*Realism: Decent. Couple of things:(1) It seems the surface effects have been pared back in their effect. There seems to be too much grip on ice patches and snow for example.(2) Stages have invisible barriers that trigger an instant reset + time penalty. It's a minor annoyance and 'gamey'.(3) The damage model could use improvements.. sometime the windows gets smashed for no good reason, sometimes a little pole that should break is a completely rigid object ..Despite all this, Dirt firmly qualifies as a sim, and with the game running super smooth, points 2/3 became far less important. I really like how snow mounts have been modelled since the beta.(4) In general Dirt seems to be more about the driving and grip, rather than exactly modelling clutch operation.*Graphics: Impressive. Stages are generally of high quality, the lighting reflect the geographic location, weather conditions and time of day really well. The weather effects are good.*Sound: Good. Satisfying cabin noises over the various surfaces.*Content - Stages:Good. In this DLC age, very good. Would have loved one or two more locations (Africa, Australia or Rain Forests in South America or Asia) and couple of longer stages.*Content - Cars:Very good. More than enough choice here. Turbo lag, RWD, 4WD, very bad brakes, very good brakes.. pick your thing.*Force Feed Back:Decent. Definitely improves the experience. But it's not as informative as some other sims. Wheel support seems to be pretty good.*Gameplay:It's You against the stage and when you finish high in a season, you'll move up to the next league. Do badly and you'll be demoted. It works pretty well. You'll need to invest a bit of time getting to grips with each car, and it becomes more rewarding with more practice. There's no finishing first on your first day out.I still find that buying a new car with credits earned and not able to sell it is annoying. The only way to avoid a 'lemon' (aka a car that doesn't gel with you) now is it to testdrive them in a separate custom race. Perhaps it's very 'sim' like.. try before you buy :-)*GUI:Nice looking menu system that is easy to navigate. Good chilled out in-menu music. Downsides: can't bind the same action to 2 keys (button on wheel + keyboard) . Mouse navigation doesn't always work and needs a key to be pressed.*OverallI like sims that have enough realism yet also remain enjoyable. Dirt Rally ticks a lot of boxes for me now that I made it run smoothly. It lets a player have fun with risk / reward while racing over narrow tracks with docile cars to start with or very demanding rear wheel drives. As far as rally sims are concerned, it's the only game in town.. if you love racing, sim racing, rally, have a steering wheel and you are not deterred by having to put a bit of time in to master it, go and buy this game.Overall score: 8.7/10Reviewed on a Core i5@4.3Ghz/ 16Gb Ram / 980Ti (base:1297Mhz) /34"" UW monitor and G920 wheel."
76561198114380151,Recommended,310560,18167899,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Blue Sobec,Game says Pegi 3...3 year old would die from chronic depression because the rear wheel drive cars are aids.Is good game doh. 11/10
76561198031211928,Recommended,310560,21157348,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,The Consul,"250 hours in, I can safely confirm you will have fun even with a keyboard.Edit: 300 hours in, starting to get a little repetitive"
,Recommended,310560,15626829,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,CodeMachine,"Dirt : Prepare To Crash EditionNo Gymkhana, No Flashback, No Auto Repair"
76561198150379783,Recommended,310560,18029214,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,TourFarten,"Well i must say after bagging out F1 i think this game is a vast improvement. they could drop the F1 altogether and concentrate on this game.has so much more potential than 5 years of the same thing over and over(F1).Really.what more can you do with F1? Repeat it again?  Great graphics,physics,sounds and even online multiplayer!! 10/10"
,Recommended,310560,33194746,Posted: 3 July,all,t0psi,"Best dirt game of all time, 10/10"
,Recommended,310560,31710798,Posted: 12 May,all,SSGmaster(FR),"""That's just a small rock, I can probably go over it""NOP"
76561198029891692,Recommended,310560,16355921,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,LordDoofus,Ended a race in last place after losing 2 tires. This made me buy a bottle of champagne so i can celebrate if i ever manage to win a race.
,Recommended,310560,31712304,Posted: 12 May,all,vuk,DiRT Rally is awesome! It's the reason I bought a $640 racing wheel. Enough said.
,Recommended,310560,19943029,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Pierre Poutine,Left my mark on all the trees in Norway. 10/10
76561198011612556,Recommended,310560,28805650,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,WhoDat,Awesome game!!!
,Recommended,310560,28811594,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Perry_EST19XX,much dirt.very fast.most epic racing.9/10
,Recommended,310560,28813289,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,abatage,Codemasters know how to make a rally game... they made another rally game... it's a great rally game...
76561198244211596,Recommended,310560,28946546,Posted: 2 January,all,Trex ^-^,Very Very Nice game! :)
,Recommended,310560,28657655,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,{*_*}[*_*](*_*),"Its dirty souls of skyrim... yadda, yadda...Then you memorized each stage and there's nothing else to do.Not even 200 hours strong."
,Recommended,310560,16268785,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Biggranny000,"Huge great move by Codemasters, getting rid of a lot of elements that people did not enjoy in Dirt 3 or other Dirt games. This is the real Dirt Game, with realistic physics and damage, hardcore simulation, and mistakes are super punishing.---------New mechanicas: This game is NOT like the other Dirt games, the handling, all mechanics, etc were all re-done. The new handling is very realistic, unlike Dirt 3 zipping 70MPH in a turn, the new roads are narrow and the cars are much more realistic. Every component in the car can be damaged.---------Engineers/Repair Team: Awesome feature, every 2 stages in an event you can repair your car, depending on how you manage your team and how good your team is, the more you can repair, just drive safe and don't make mistakes and you won't need a lot of repairs. Regarldess, the car's engine, gearbox, suspension, etc still wear out even if you drive perfectly, be prepared. Engineers cost money, they also get better as you drive, and you can level up your crew leader and assign perks based on milage, and your garage expands as you progress the game.---------Graphics and sound: Well, it may not be the best looking, it still runs on the previous EGO engine, but the maps are very detailed and well put together, and the cars look decent. Some textures and details could use higher resoultions, but overall it's nothing too impressive but at the same time it looks great.---------Roads/Racing: The tracks are narrow, even hitting the side of the road is punishing as you may bump or lose control, or slam into a wall or fly into a ditch and wreck your car into a tree. The penalties are punishing. The AI is also much more tough on timing. The maps are also super detailed, and the races are very long.---------RALLY: Well you might of guessed, this game is meant to focus on rally, and it does it excellently well. It works like real rally stages, you have to drive the same car throughout an event, and you rack up points and try to win a podium in the championships and move up ranks.---------FINAL VERDICT/FUTURE:Well for Alpha the game does lack content but it's very well represented, it works just fine and I did not see any bugs. There are currently 4 maps on this review, but a huge variety of tracks, weather, and times in each map, for endless possibilites. I can't wait to see more progress, and the devs are already doing well. If you are a fan of the Dirt series, or like simulators or racing in general, buy this! It's like dark souls but racing. I already had hours of fun yet the game still offers content, I can't imagine the future."
,Recommended,310560,22701339,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Carolus Marxus,"Not recommended for Welsh lumberjacks. ""Logs outside, don't cut!"""
76561198048417105,Recommended,310560,31741476,Posted: 14 May,all,gamer girl,very good
76561198121091784,Recommended,310560,20882303,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Redlynx43,"Overall this is a great game for driving game fans although it does require some patience as the learning curve is a bit steep for a racing game but once you get used to it its very fun and challenging. would also recommend using a controller/wheel but maybe thats just me. overall 8/8 wouldnt cut again.Pros.+great graphics+many rally cars to chose from with good detail inside and out+diversity of tracks and conditions+single race mode with all cars/tracks unlocked+hillclimb and rallycross modes+nice, quality sounds that vary from car to carCons( fairly minor)-hard to get used to controlling the car at beginning-frustrating at times-you cant race with people at the same time (only time comparing)-career mode takes a long time with many races in a season"
,Recommended,310560,15751561,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,H1VLTG3NZ,Tire popping Simulator.Would pop tire again 10/10.
,Recommended,310560,16132303,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Executive Autist,"The continuation of DiRT1 ... the real successor. This game is salty wench, it'll arouse your inner sexual organs to perfection, then you'll fly off a cliff into a tree and ruin 20 minutes of perfect driving and throw the controller and your sexual organs against the nearest wall. With the force of one thousand suns. They will not survive.Assuming you're Nobuhiro Tajima or Colin McRae you might have an intact controller by the end of the first race, then again you might 2015 Race to the Sky Tajima and end up in a ditch like a long night of drinking and salty wenches.10/10 would throw sexual organs against wall again."
76561198022266545,Recommended,310560,15808952,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Jacko®,"GOLD!Jacko Rating - Full Released Version10/10Buckle Up and Sink your Teeth into the best Rally Sim ever!Dirt Rally is taking over where the last of the real rally sims left off, for me the last real rally sim was Colin M on Playstation.  Hours of my life went into that game back then while I was supposed to be studying and Dirt Rally is poised to be even better.This is a Rally Sim and not an arcade racer or even what you would normally expect from a racing game these days.  It is absolutely brutal if you have no idea of how to drive a rally stage/car but to get through even a single stage with a fast time and no crashes is so rewarding you quickly get addicted.  Make no mistake this is not for the casual racers who like the Need for Speed arcade style, it will chew you up and spit you out if you play as you would on Dirt 1, 2 or 3 so be prepared for a proper rally sim.  From the environment to the Co Driver who reads his notes aloud for you to better navigate the corners and hazards in each stage the attention to detail and realism is outstanding.The physics are now spot on after tweaks during the early access stage and the feel of this game is close to perfect.  Mess up and your chance of winning is severely hampered just as it is in real life, you even have to repair the damage to the car in between rally stages which is probably going to attract the mature gamers like myself and annoy kids who prefer the much easier arcade style of driving games.The Graphics and Audio especially have had improvements and they are both superb now.  I am still luving the realistic engine and exhaust sounds that give a real feel of immersion when playing.There are now Hill Climbs and Rally Cross stages along with the simply awesome true to life and traditional Rally stages that this game has been built for.  Having numerous stages and locations gives the game a lot of playing time if you are to master or do well on any of these races.To sum up if you want the best Rally Sim out today then this is the game to buy, especially for old school gamers like me who remember how hard games used to be and are bored with the easy rubbish they release these days.Brutal, thrilling and addictive!!!"
,Recommended,310560,15685029,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,en3,"full controller support???...... nah, not for my ps4 or ps3 controllers. impossible to have fun playing when the throttle is either full or nothing. >.> if they fix this issue i believe the game will be amazingggggg.-update. got controller support. AMAZING GAMEUPDATE 2_ BEST GAME EVA"
,Recommended,310560,16875482,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Weeaboo,"Been a big fan of the Dirt series for a while now, This game for me is a 10/10 for a number of reasons.I've been craving a really good Rally focused game on pc for some time now and this game ticks all the boxes, it looks amazing, there are many interesting tracks and it just feels amazing to play with a wheel setup. The game makes no attempt to hold your hand (in a good way) and you're abe to jump into the action straight away through the quick race option. I honestly havn't touched campaign at all because the game is just so fun to pay i dont need any campaign to go along with it,Get this game and a Logitech G27 racing wheel or something at least that good and I assure you, you will not regret your purchase."
76561197962811140,Recommended,310560,15597750,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Eckblad,"What a surprise. All of sudden a new rally game. And a good one this time. There is no Gymkhana BS.It’s an early access game but it does not feel like that. The stages are filled with snow, ice, mud and tarmac.The stages in Wales actually reminded me of the late and great Rally Championship from Magnetic Fields. Filled with logs and gates.My trusted G25 works like a charm and the FF is good. The cars can be repaired during a championship like in real life. Setups can be tweaked as you like it.It’s a long time ago I have felt this compelled to just turn in some laps."
,Recommended,310560,19635496,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Beefy Belfa,Anything smaller than a left/right 4 is your demise.
,Recommended,310560,22229374,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Adam,Don't cut
76561198080865430,Recommended,310560,27735348,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Reiro,"Best, most realistic Rally Simulator ever!"
76561198114197030,Recommended,310560,23482871,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,vulture13,"just don't bother with game....the best pilot game you'll ever play currently, and silly thing VR??? never herd of it...and all thoes pointless changes to do to get the best experence, uuhh...oh and having to consently consetrate..that improves my life!! and all the hospital appointments for adiction. and the bloody life time login to be a master in a 1960's mini for the ultimate achivement, angery to say the least. the constent dev updates, for when i wet my self, shhh. devloping cars...rallycross, no sign of ken block? oh and having to plug in any controller, and it just bloody works everytime..very anoying and tweeking, for a better experience. just don't bother with game and even if u got a vg to mid range p.c, graphic are to good, its not fair on the industery.."
,Recommended,310560,15693838,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Jordeh,"This is my first ever review of a game, I have owned a Steam account since October 2011 and I have never really been compelled to write a review, that was until this game came along.DiRT Rally is currently in Early Access bringing 17 unique cars, 3 diverse locations and 36 challenging stages. DiRT Rally leans towards being a rally simulator more than the Arcade style that DiRT fans are used to. Fans of Richard Burns Rally, Assetto Corsa, Gran Turismo and many games alike will be very impressed with this games simulator traits. The cars get damaged easily, as they would in real life, and there is no rewind feature, there's really no room to even think about going into this game as if it was like any of the other Dirt games. Mods are also slowly coming out for the game with mods such as custom Livery's, custom pace notes and alterative camera options.Positives:Hours of play time for a game that is in Early AccessLots of graphical settings for high compatibilityController and Wheel support (easy setup)Daily Weekly and Monthly Online eventsOnline Leagues (players are able to setup a racing league with others)Negatives:Fullscreen doesn't work if running a dual monitor setup (can be fixed via YT tutorials)Sometimes the camera twitches sharply to one side when driving (very rare though)Only one Co-Driver voiceOther than that the game is in excellent shape to be developed into an outstanding rally driving simulator.9/10DiRT Daily Challengehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FF20I7Oh9gEndn"
76561198114764273,Recommended,310560,22064935,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Knight Shithood,Make it ♥♥♥♥ing playable with a controller. i got this when it came out and still cant ♥♥♥♥ing play it. i cant afford a wheel and all i got is a old xbox controler so if your gonna get this get a♥♥♥♥♥♥of a wheel
76561197964136566,Recommended,310560,21129367,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,R@,My wife cannot finish the first track after 1 hour of trying.I know this is hardcore.
76561198042716163,Recommended,310560,16884958,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,SirAnalTrumpet,Great Rally game with superb force feed back. I recommend this to any Richard Burns Rally fan.
76561197997504509,Recommended,310560,22472318,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,PenguinCrusher,Best rally game to come out in a long time.
,Recommended,310560,21070927,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Mathyno (The game breaker),had fun
,Recommended,310560,18815204,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Evan Almighty,"I used to have a girlfriend, a dog...Now its just dirty rally..."
76561198072188156,Recommended,310560,18776154,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SippinSizzurp,"If you're looking for a REAL simluation of rally driving, DiRT Rally will settle your need for speed (ish). A disclaimer about this game ~ This is not Pcars, Need for Speed, or The Crew. This game is for die-hard rally driving fans, who aren't afraid to get down and dirty. This game is not for the faint-hearted, for it will betray you if you treat it wrong. This game takes ALOT of discipline, such as patience and diligency. You won't be throttling down 100% through every turn or hairpin. You will find drifting around corners something that takes practice and time to master. There are very few bugs in the game, with patches and updates coming about once a month. The DLC is also free (Subject to Change).~~~ All in All~~~If your're willing to have patience and time to practice driving, this game will be very addicting and make you wish you had a rally car in your garage, waiting to go out for a spin."
76561198111944723,Recommended,310560,18874066,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,BeerNinja,"I was on the fence about picking this up for ages. I really wanted it badly, I just wasnt crazy about picking it up while it was in its early access development stage. If you're in the same boat as I was, don't even hesitate. This is the best rally game I've ever played. I haven't had this much fun with my racing wheel in well... ever."
,Recommended,310560,18973884,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Sisco,"Do you remember the moment you started on your first track, back in the old Colin McRae games?The Moment your engine roared like Katy Perry wished she could?The Moment you were let go by the red lights, to roam the wild country like you owed it?The Moment you realized, that driving a rally car through the outback is as unforgiving as it is awesome?The Moment you first crossed the finish line with a car so dented, thrashed and howling that your neighbors thought the Russians are invading?WELCOME BACK TO THOSE MOMENTS!This is as great and grand a rally game as the very first Colin McRae games were. And you will LOVE every brake-point-missing, car-flipping, hitting-trees-with-your-backside, landing-on-your-roof and blowing-a-tire Moments as you did, when they still made rally games about driving a rally car through a rally championship!But don´t cut. Seriously. Don´t."
,Recommended,310560,15603434,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,OscarLM_22,"As a massive fan of Rallying, and having racked up hundreds of hours on Richard Burns Rally, I think this game is worth the €27 it is now versus it's price at full release. It has HUGE potential. This could be the best rally game in the last 10 years and could even dethrone RBR from it's rightful place as the top rally sim. If Codemasters play their cards right and listen to the community, this will be a fantastic rally game. No doubt about it.Pros:------------------------------ Great graphics, runs ultra smooth and looks fantastic.- Cars are nicely detailed and have great 3D models.- UI is great, really sharp and easy- Stages are narrow and challenging, as they should be. I'm really surprised at how accurate Sweet Lamb is. The main problem with DiRT 2 / 3 was that the rally stages were really wide like runways but they're a normal width now.Cons:------------------------------ Despite what I've said about stages above, the big problem for me is that they're still doing this method of taking 1 or 2 long stages and chopping them up into sections and then also reversing them and handing them out.- FFB SUCKS. My Fanatec Clubsport v1 feels like I'm driving a bar of soap. You can feel bumps and jumps but you have absolutely NO feel of the car whatsoever and you really have to judge how the car handles from looking at the screen.- I know it's Early Access, but for the LOVE OF COLIN MCRAE, WOULD THEY PLEASE TAKE THAT CRAPPY SOUND OF THE '95 SUBARU IMPREZA. IT SOUNDS LIKE A LAWNMOWER, NOT LIKE THE BOXER ENGINE IT SHOULD THAT GOES BRAPBRAPBRAPBRAP."
,Recommended,310560,25939221,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Nick Crompton,"The most realistic, difficult rally game I have ever seen, and righfully so."
76561198248958688,Recommended,310560,30315661,Posted: 4 March,all,kamyd1375,Best Driving Game that ever madeis the only thing that i can say about this wonderful gameother games like latest NFS should learn from This i only played NFS 12Hr in 1 and half year
,Recommended,310560,16803793,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,...,"Fully sick, uleh!"
,Recommended,310560,20340347,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,dax,"Amazing rally sim (so far). Not quite on the level that you'd expect from RBR, but it's the best we've had in a long time."
,Recommended,310560,18233818,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Malai Yo Jindagile Kaha Purayo,Good
76561198191089609,Recommended,310560,23709716,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,curious cat,Just one word: FUN.
76561198011099023,Recommended,310560,17803476,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,LastPint508,"Time I have owned this game, hours.Last Rally Game I bought, Dirt 2.Last Rally Game I loved, RalliSport Challenge.My all time favorite so far, DiRT Rally."
76561198009856017,Recommended,310560,19660341,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TAz,"Good game with a serious lack of courses,,as usual codemasters will add them as dlc at a later time,about time they released a full game instead of trying to scrape every last penny out of the customer.I would highly reccomend this game but maybe wait for the complete edition when its released."
76561198058996167,Recommended,310560,25630260,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,BanksE,They removed Dirt 3 off of the steam store to try and sell Dirt 4. Dirt 4 is a let down but Dirt Rally is a huge sucess. This game looks and feels amazing. You can either play it like a novice and race for fun or dive deep into customization of cars to change they way they drive and really push a car to its limits. Either way you want to play the game you will have tons of fun with it.
76561198068633564,Recommended,310560,19727091,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,iPabLiiTo18,"Co-driver told me ""2 left don´t cut""I cut that cornerI chopped a big bushNow Greenpeace demanded me for bush deforestation10/10 Clutch Norris aproved"
76561197967266269,Recommended,310560,15605308,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Dandelion,"To be honest, I was a little dissapointed when I tried the game and found out that it's not really a sim like many people call it. It's a pretty good simcade, probably more on the arcade side.Anyway, still a really good rally game, there aren't many more of these around and if you're a rally fan, it's definitely worth it."
,Recommended,310560,15609431,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Vokuhila Volker,awesome rally  simulationsound is AWESOME and it drives great !
,Recommended,310560,15610476,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,DadBeatz,"I was pretty disappointed with the last few attempts from Codemasters, Grid and the last Colin McRae. This is a return to form, even in it's EA status it's well polished, good fun and the right balance of challenge and reward. I'm happy to see you can actually buy cars again for instance, I mean, come on why would this ever be missing! Anyway, good work, I recommend it and by buying I'm hoping it helps Codemasters to deliver more content and modes. Good one."
76561197968879254,Recommended,310560,15612699,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,[XvX] The Trickster,Superlative Rally Sim. The best from Codemasters. They are on a serious run (Excellent Micromachines comeback)The only negatives are the few kinks in the gui and some crashes in the menu that caused me to lose 30 minutes or so of driving. ALso the fact that there is no Mitsubishi Lancer is disappointing but it is early days. A must buy for anyone who appreciates an unforgiving rally experience.Five stars (kinks and Lancer omission not withstanding.) *****
76561197971033331,Recommended,310560,15583506,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,JUDGE.zelgi,started the game. no gymkhana inside12/10
,Recommended,310560,15585189,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Quartermaster Quimsie,Worth every penny. Was sold on the previews and I am not disappointed. Rally in its purest form.
,Recommended,310560,15585349,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,MGThePro,"I don't understand how people can say ""DiRT is back"" or something like that.I think DiRT is famous for being an arcade racer,and this is the COMPLETE opposite,I mean,it's even harder than Assetto Corsa.So Codemasters should really bring back at least a little bit of the arcade feeling.I was Driving with a Logitech G25 and it was so difficult.So now the only thing which makes this game a real DiRT game is the OldGen Engine...I can only recommend this for people who have a racing wheel,experience and want to kill themselves."
76561198084321449,Recommended,310560,15587272,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,numberedjester,Obviously over the years of playing the recent DiRT games I have become softened to how hard the Colin McRea games were. Well at least thats my excuse for being terrible at it.Looking forward to see how this goes in the future.
76561197970940291,Recommended,310560,15587325,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,O�tho,"If you're looking for a rally simulation, then look no further... The level of realism achieved is absolutely phenomenal... I love rally car sims and have played them all, but this one really takes things to a whole new level. Well done to the team! I really felt like I was driving in wales. If you're interested in this kind of thing, I would fully recommend purchasing this product!"
76561197998580871,Recommended,310560,15590080,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,M1KeY,Dark Souls wishes it was as hard as this.
76561198046731681,Recommended,310560,15590433,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,|| Realjobe,"DEFINITELY WORTH 40 DOLLARSFinally A true hardcore rally simulation, i use a logitech g27 no isssues so far. the game is really rounded, its really feels real  pushing your car to the absolute max while knowing that a sharp 90 hairpin is coming up. THE PICTURES DONT SHOW HOW GORGEOUS THIS GAME ACTUALLY IS.Pros*Difficult*simulation*great cars*great tracks*upcoming content (hill climbs) (cars)*Working online multiplayer*co driver*Graphics are stunning*multiple track surfaces ( gravel ice snow tarmac etc)*Online challenges*Triple monitor support*controller support*NO GYMKANA !*NO GFWL!!!!!!!*THE LIST GOES ONCONS*difficult."
,Recommended,310560,15591205,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,aso777,This game really puts your rally driving to the test! 10/10Too bad they don't have Gymkhana! - said no one ever!
76561198029675140,Recommended,310560,15591602,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,InTerNal GeeK,great start to getting back on track with the series now if i just could find out whats up with the silent bob co-driver.
76561197964631207,Recommended,310560,15591889,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,imdanimal-stl,"As most people have said, this is not your old DiRT game! It's crisp and fresh and hard. Not frustratingly hard mind you, but you need to re-think DiRT. It's one of the best racing games I currently own and since it's early release, it's only gonna get better. But I have to say one of my favorite things is... The UI Menus! No longer am I forced to travel through some magic RV that teleports itself all over the world. No longer do I have to do some kind of pyramid puzzle game to get to a race. It's just a UI menu. You click what you want and .... it launches what you picked. Thanks Codemasters for getting us back to where we wanted to be. Not just in the menus, but in outstanding racing."
76561197970465123,Recommended,310560,15594319,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Billy13,"Cynically, I feared this game would be a cheap re-use of existing dirt assets and handling.I was wrong. This is a whole new game with sublime handling, the best GFX yet seen in a codies game, and a decent amount of content at launch.It just feels right. Very glad I took a risk on this one. I hope this is the start of the fightback from Codemasters."
,Recommended,310560,15594397,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,SlyRebirth,"Best rally game I've played in a long time. Aims for realism - it's not an arcade racer. Get used to feathering the throttle... and staying on the road is your primary concern here.Handling is rewarding and feels good. Honestly, I'm happy with the game as it is now - but to know we've got more content and upgrades to come is fantastic news."
76561197989781852,Recommended,310560,15594906,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DEMPS151,"what a game love it,check my video outhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUlUXHJZ7WQthe sound is just wowthe look is just wow wowand the game is just wow wow wowkeep up the good work codemasterscant wait for f1 2015"
,Recommended,310560,15595419,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Khrome,"Finally, a proper rally game!This one is far more challenging than any of Codemasters' previous efforts, in a good way. The stages are longer than previous games, though not by much, and some roads are actually narrower than your car (like they should be!). It just feels far more authentic than any (rally) game Codemasters has made before.The one thing i'm currently missing is the willingness to add longer stages to the game (not just hillclimbs, but stages like in Mobil 1 Rally Championship, look it up!), but otherwise this game looks remarkably finished, even as early access. If this is the starting point, i really cannot complain."
,Recommended,310560,15595555,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Radlicka,"Finally I can now pack away my copy of Richard Burns!Considering the last decent rally sim was released back in 2004, I have been hanging for such a game to take its place over the last yearrs. Unfortunately nothing has come close. This game was a real supprise. The game is great  so far and if done right will convert many drivers who still play Richard Burns rally. There was a huge hole in this genre of rally sim. Hopefully this is the game that fills it. Looking forward to where they go with this but so far looks very promising.Update: Still the best rally game to date."
,Recommended,310560,15599090,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Capt. Philmeister,"YEEAAHHHSSS!!!The essense of driving! The ultimate union of man and machine!DIRT IS BACK!Penalties for resets, purse penalties for restarts, time deduction for vehicle repairs while in an event... So good!Thank you CodeMasters! ::Hugs::... A Few Months Later ...Still Awesome! Great detail, handling, settings, steering wheels work and most of all it feels like a proper rally racer through and through!"
76561198019548952,Recommended,310560,15599603,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Crack Spoon,"Not a lot content wise but that is to be added upon anyway, apart from that this is easily the best DiRT game they've made yet. No more arcadey handling, will take a while to get to a point where you can actually do a stage competitively, just how it should be! Graphics look great, dunno why people are complaining that it's not ""next gen"" or whatever... Not to mention the sound is absolutely spot on. Defintiely reccomend to any rally fans!"
,Recommended,310560,15601521,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,bofft,"I've been playing dirt since the first one on Xbox 360 came out. I loved the first, but I was disappointed by the sequels. The game became more and more arcade-y, and I just wanted something like the first one.This is heaps and mounds better than what I wanted, practically a simulator for rally. If you're looking for an endurance challenge (or a restart simulator), this is an amazing game. If you're looking for something of an arcade racer, this is not the game for you.The game (as of 4/28/2015) has quite a few bugs. Do not expect a clean experience as of the time I'm writing this, but for an early access game, this is one of the most polished and content-filled ones out there.I love this game in its current state and I am excited to see what they update it with. I would recommend to any racing/rally fans out there."
76561197988485635,Recommended,310560,15603175,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Shikari,"I have been looking for a rally racing game of this quality for a very long time. I wasted  money on other titles in hopes that it would be to my liking. I cant get over how it sounds. It is as if the devs went to a rally in europe and captured their sound files. The tracks look and feel are perfect aswell as the car models. Unfortunately, I don't have a wheel yet, but even with keyboard controls I have a good time playing. Hats of to Codemasters.Highly reccomended."
76561198021656170,Recommended,310560,15604143,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ahket,"I have always loved Richard Burns Rally for the fact that without actually driving a rally car, or any car, you get to realise how difficult it is.I was not disappointed after downloading Dirt Rally, and the magic is back! After a few tweaks and adjustments to the car handling, graphics, etc, I felt the same excitement, and anxiety I once felt when driving RBR. I said driving, as that's what it feels like compared to Dirt 3 and similar games. I enjoyed Colin McRae years ago, but nothing comes close to belting into a situation and knowing it's going to be only luck now that prevents a disaster, and knowing that the damage you did is going to be there for the next stage. Could not believe the a tyre puncture turns into a stage where you finish on a wheel rim!Love it.Ahket."
76561198032265518,Recommended,310560,15606652,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Deklore,This is what a proper rally game should play like. None of this arcadey rubbish we've had for the past several years. Handling is spot on and reminds me of the old Colin McCrae games the Codies used to make back in the day.
,Recommended,310560,15606690,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Brasilo,Colin McRae Rally is back from the dead! Zoom Zoom Zoom! (i5-3570 & Radeon HD 7850 = 60+ FPS on High Settings)Colin McRae Rally ist zurück! Zoom Zoom Zoom! (i5-3570 & Radeon HD 7850 = 60+ FPS on High Settings)
,Recommended,310560,15606800,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ole Andreasen,"3 hours under the belt - one night of just testing Dirt Rally out. And what a blast. Codemasters have redeemed themselves. I have every Codie rally game since CMR2, and the Grid series - minus Grid2 - and Dirt Rally is - just different. It´s still faithful to a Codemasters game I think, but the handling is just more spot on compared to the pivot handlings of the past.AND - no more thinking about getting past all those stu... drift events and Gymkhana sessions. Now its back to basics - to point to point rallies. And with the possibility of doing a false start - Codemasters made yet another leap forward.I cannot wait to see this game develop.One thing though Codemasters. Now this is a PC title, not a Console port - so PLEASE make use of the mouse, so I can click my way through the menus - and not have to use keyboard to navigate the menus. It was annoying 10 years ago - and it still is - BUT thats the only thing for now. I love the rest."
76561197971539421,Recommended,310560,15607153,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Mark Race,"Superb game, a real return to form for Codemasters, this is basically a Colin McRae really game with HD graphics and simulation physics. Although it's early access and a little limited in content the features that are there are as good as a full release.  Everything works so far for me.The graphics and sound are superb, the surface changes are well communicated trough the wheel and the physics are challenging.  It is a real challenge and feels like an achievement to finish in the top 3-5 on a stage.  Forget first so far.  The advanced tuning settings are incredibly detailed - make no mistake this is a proper simulation.The feature I like most is actually the team management section.  It's almost RPG like how your team improves as you do.  This gives me a real sense of progression as a driver and a team.  I feel some connection to the people I've 'employed' as they also improve their skills.  Really makes the game feel like a living story (not a cheesy American narration thank the stars) alongside the excellent rally game.Well done Codies, well worth £22 even as it stands today."
76561198041618012,Recommended,310560,15607172,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Mechanik_J,Its amazing!
76561198012237097,Recommended,310560,15612518,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,West14,"This finally feels like a real rally car flying through tight, twisty roads while sliding around every corner.  Nothing like the feeling of executing the perfect handbrake around a hairpin!Rally Fanatics Rejoice!"
76561197964036171,Recommended,310560,15614199,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,reborn,"Being a sim driving enthusiast, I am always looking for that game that makes me feel connected to the genre that I am playing at the moment. My favorites are Rfactor 2, GSC Extreme and Richard Burns Rally. For Sim/arcade games, Grid Autosport and Dirt 3 were really fun just to play. With mods, RBR was the only realistic feeling rally game that I have found, but with the dated graphics, it somehow I still felt disconnected. Enter Dirt Rally, now a game that in early development has the potential to be possibly a replacement as the top realistic rally game. The FFB needs to be worked on(forum fixes help), graphics could be better(runs well on older computers) and still in early development(devs listening to feedback). I would suggest that anybody that likes RBR or sim driving, should check out this game.P.S.- after spending time with this game, I would definitely say buy it. It is the seat of your pants, kind of experience."
76561198015636202,Recommended,310560,15614353,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,RemissAres,"Finally a rally sim, well done codemasters"
,Recommended,310560,15595830,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mambo,
,Recommended,310560,15597543,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lulucat,"Drive as fast as a wild dog, and still 1 min late than the world best record.How do those insane gamers make it?"
,Recommended,310560,15597559,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,KevMscotland,"Surprisingly entry in the Series from Codemasters here.Definitely a push in the ""Simulation"" direction with handling much more reminiscant of the earlier Colin McRae series games.Its not quite Richard Burns Rally yet... but its certainly getting there.Highly recommend."
76561198069574279,Recommended,310560,15599250,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Head like a fucking orange,"Great game, reminds me of the cfirst dirt game, love it, fantastic"
,Recommended,310560,15600542,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Chris,"Brilliant but brutal.Please don't go and buy this game expecting Dirt 4. The handling and realism are a huge jump, NO flashbacks, much harder to control the cars. It has single-handedly crushed my dream of being a professional rally driver as I am hilariously bad at it, despite putting thousands of hours into the series up to now (from Colin McRae Rally all the way to now).Nonetheless, if you're prepared to put in the effort of re-learning how to play a rally game, you won't find a more realistic game out there. And this is just early access, I'm excited to find out how they improve it from here."
,Recommended,310560,15606625,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,CrazyComie,"BRAVO! Very impressed with what I've seen so far and i cannot wait to see what's to come.The game is challenging, i would say that this may not be for the ""casual"" racing game guys. It take a little bit to get the feel for, but once you do and you start to nail the courses it feels great. As they stated this isn't the huge budget DRIT4 most people might expect, but i feel like this is what the Dirt franchise needed, something that takes them back to the rally roots. Good game, will recommend to all my racing game buddys!"
76561198005539481,Recommended,310560,15585160,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,MustSeeMelons,"Thank you Codemasters! Brings back memories from the old CMR's. A proper rally game without Ken Block etc.Just one thing - if I mess up and go rolling down a hill, can you please let me do it? Pretty please?"
76561198001997372,Recommended,310560,15586027,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,d3nver,"Finally a proper ""next gen"" rally sim! This game is nothing like previous Dirt arcade rally games, this is successor to Ricard Burns Rally.Gorgeous graphics, beefy sounds, nice car handling."
,Recommended,310560,15589562,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,QuarterClash,"In most driving games, heading down an incline at 70 mph in a Mini Cooper results in a feeling of drowsiness and a strong desire to pick a car with at least 4X more horsepower at the earliest possible opportunity.  In DiRT Rally, heading down an incline at 70 mph in a Mini Cooper results in a feeling of abject horror and a strong desire to pick an actual horse at the earliest possible opportunity."
,Recommended,310560,15589637,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,QuickShift,"It went on sale as soon as i bought it.. -_-Visuals = ♥♥♥♥♥♥icSound quality = ♥♥♥♥♥♥icRealism = ♥♥♥♥♥♥icHonestly the best rally game i've played in a long time, no more rewinds like Dirt 3, no more gymkhana like Dirt 3, visuals are amazing, sound quality is on point! You can hear gravel role down the hill as you descend it, good pick in cars (waiting on more), each stage is really challenging(waiting on more)... But in all tho... THE SOUND OF THAT BACKFIRE! BRAAAAA PAAAP PAAAP.10/10 amazing backfire sounds.But really, tho.. get this game."
,Recommended,310560,15590200,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Grim,"Although at the time of writing I have only played 1 hour of game time in total, I can already recommend this game to any driving game fan. As soon as I started to play, it brought back memories of the old Colin McRae Rally series back when I used to play CMR 1 and 2.0 on my PC as a kid. DiRT Rally really feels like a worthy successor to the CMR series and the original DiRT, back when the series still bore Colin McRae's name.- The car handling and physics are great, vastly different to the other DiRT titles. I use an Xbox 360 controller to play, and it feels responsive and intuitive, especially to those used to using a controller.- There's a much greater sense of challenge in the fact that there is no rewind functionality, there's a time penalty added when your car has to be recovered, and you suffer a loss to potential earnings if you restart the track.- The graphics look DiRT 3-ish (which is still good), but I expect there might be some updates to them down the line. And the game has shed all that ""trying-to-be-cool"" stuff that the previous DiRT titles tried to do.In conclusion, It's a barebones, raw, challenging but incredibly fun rally simulator. I would highly recommend."
,Recommended,310560,15590321,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Togomies,"Definitely a positive surprise. Graphics, sounds, stages and cars are absolutely great, however the physics and force feedback aren't quite in the same level and need more improving. Anyway the start is good and the game has lots of potential if the physics and ffb will be improved. The physics are better than I expected, better than in earlier DiRT games and closer to RBR but still not quite where I'd like them to be.So pros and cons imo:+ No gymkhana stuff or any other unnecessities, just real rally+ Graphics+ Sounds+ Stages (current ones and what is coming)+ Cars (nice to have great cars from different decades)- Physics (direction is right but they still need improving, I think there's too much grip and it's difficult to get the rear loose because it's so glued to the surface, especially in higher speeds)- FFB (isn't detailed enough and is currently one of the biggest issues because it's difficult to feel what the car is doing)As I like more racing sims than arcade racing games I hope the physics and ffb part will be improved and made as realistic as possible. This game has potential and new proper rally game is really needed because RBR starts to be a bit outdated. Even thought the physics and ffb aren't that great yet I'd recommend this game to every rally fan out there."
76561198048638779,Recommended,310560,15590724,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Hugo Vieira,"Early play on this title and I must say it's been long due, a pure rally game. There is none of the crappy game mods seen on the original DiRT titles, just stage rallying, praying at every turn that you don't screw up and mess it up. That's right on the harder modes, one mistake and you can pretty much forget about winning, just as it should be.Love the team feature, adds a little depth to the gameplay in career mode, the earn money to buy more cars and advance to next level is great, a motivation to do well, I love this type of economy in games.Interface looks beautiful and is quite intuitive, good job on that front. Car setups are detailed without being overwhelming to racing newcomers, good job there also.Menu navigation could use a few tweaks, if you use a wheel controller, navigation buttons became assigned to the controller which isn't very pratical, even if you can still use the keyboard for basic functions.Force feedback also needs work, a the moment it isn't transmiting much, cranked it up to 100 but there still isn't much feedback from my TM T300.All and all it's a promising title, one that I would easily recomend even in the early development stage it's in.Will be looking forward to see how it'll evolve."
,Recommended,310560,15591158,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Froggy Yoga Instructor,"Amazing feel, beautiful vistas, awesome small details (Such as reflections off the cracks when you break your windshield), beautiful cars and just pure rally. No b#llsh$t. This is the game I want from Codemasters and if they can deliver, its gonna be a killer rally experience ^u^"
,Recommended,310560,15591202,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Wiz,The sense of terror you feel when barreling through narrow forest roads in a Ford RS200 as you're constantly one tiny slip away from going out of control and crashing into a tree makes me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants more than any horror game ever could.The fact that Codemasters nailed that feeling so well makes this into a winner in my book.
,Recommended,310560,15591435,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,iii,"I've been searching for a GOOD rally game for YEARS. Finally, DiRT Rally brings that to the table! I am always blown away by the visuals, damage and physics that Codemasters brings to the table with every game they release and they do not let you down with this one. Minus a few minor bugs here and there, this is one of the most polished games you'll ever purchase on Early Access. I'm thrilled that they are on Early Access so the community can help form this game throughout the rest of the year.10/10 - would buy again!"
,Recommended,310560,15591861,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Randus Mal'dune,Colin McRae I am not. This game you should buy.  Support the Rally!
,Recommended,310560,15592678,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Ei8htBall,I got a mute co-driver that won't give me directions. With no way to fire him. Also the HUD doesn't work. Other than that the game is good.
76561198010854118,Recommended,310560,15598712,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,cianoroi,Early access done the right way. Great game!
,Recommended,310560,15599935,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,LazorBlade,"While there are issues with the co-driver sitting there doing his math homework rather than giving you pace notes, this is definitely what DiRT was always meant to be. The driving feels more authentic than ever and even with the small collection of cars that are currently available, it's all of the right cars and they make all the right sounds (INCREDIBLE sounds).If you're on the fence, let me reassure you. It's worth it."
76561198140913177,Recommended,310560,15601668,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,IFC3000,This game is strictly for men with hairy chests and waxed mustaches...
,Recommended,310560,15602051,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,GloriousGorg,Back to the roots! This is the thrill I've been looking for! Finding the balance between speed and safety is fun as hell. Can't wait for the Multiplayer to come out.
76561198163121651,Recommended,310560,15602596,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,SHROOMSandTHC,i have played about 8 hours now and sofar i really really like it. ive been a dirtfan since the biggening. i reallylike ow they are going about the early accses its a great idea. u probably shouldnt buy this game unless u have a wheel and enjoy a good racing sim. my one and only problem so far is that it wont let me use my thrust master th8a H pattern shifter. but this will be fixed probably very soon. 4 and a half stars. its amazing. i will be playing this for a very long time
76561198115981005,Recommended,310560,15602729,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,notanothercar,"Finally a great rally game, it doesn't hold your hand and is pretty unforgiving. This is no arcade racer. If you're after instant gratification then this may not be the game for you but put in the time and its brilliant AND its only gonna get better! highly recommended."
76561198137517611,Recommended,310560,15603082,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Bezzernator,"Ok i will give the Best review as i can,1) Rally co-pilot, saying pace notes... I have a problem lissening on his words because sometimes he will not say the right term for the corner. Example: Right 1, But it was a Right U-Turn. You should also have a Chioce between Male or female, and chioce a complex or simple, vioce set.2) Real Life fixics, i PLay with RR settings, to get the best game play out of the fetures, The handleing is some what a mix between arcade and real life, Real life: Slippy Slidy = Fun, Hard, Challenging..... Arcade = Fast cornering, It may be my setting for vehical, but i can't seem to grab the idea of going around a corner faster than the tyres will let you?3) Cars are really nice, Sounds are great, some cars in class sets are missing like the Alpine? ect...4) Stages, Having them stages is really fun and challenging, but add some old track content into the game from All three Dirt games.... Mabie go of and have a look at some rally stages that are internation rallyes, like Manx Rally?5) Graphics, map is amazing,6) Damage, is really crude but very challenging, you can't get away from clipping a rock in this game but can in Dirt 3.7) I am having trouble Sincing my steam account to the codemasters web, but i don't hold that as grudge.8) Night time: is very scary, just how i like it,9) Crew System, I think the crew system is a very cool idea, But i think it will be less sexist to famales out there, that can't chioce a Female driver.10) I hope you add this too the online lobbies, in Dirt 3 there was an option to have Force Manual gears and head cam, please re-add this to online lobby creater.11) Been able to repear and upgrade your crew is a good idea.Like; i like the driving style, maps, damage, gears, head cam all very good, Championship are cool, nice online championships, Hill climb coming soon :)Dislikes; No chioce between simple or complex co-diver, No female drivers, No Isle of Man Rally StagesI will do another review on this game when i hit 5-10hours.Thats♥♥♥♥♥much as i have so far."
76561198024928829,Recommended,310560,15603279,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,dirtydoguk,game is amazing pure rally experience good job codemasters
76561197975929057,Recommended,310560,15603755,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DrFreeman726,A must buy for anyone that loved the Collin McRae games. Its great to see Codemasters bringing back what made the series great after drifting away with the latest Dirt games.
76561198066116188,Recommended,310560,15613238,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Thurios,Really love RBR style realistic driving physics in this game. If you are after the most advanced and realistic rally game this one is for you! This is very different from Dirt 3 much more simulation which I like.This one is still in early access but it feels like finished product already. There are not any major bugs or flaws in game. Only thing that makes it EA is the lack of content. Anyways 3 full rallys and the amount of cars are very good start for this game! Looking forward to see how much more content will we get to enjoy! Also hoping for realtime multiplayer ;)
76561197992461061,Recommended,310560,15614378,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Vilmos,"Just to put my words into context: I am a huge fan of Codies' rally game since the 1st Colin McRae Rally. None of them was pure simulation but most of the series was fun to drive. Now Codemasters delivered a title which is definitely a simulation, and after a little polishing (and more content), it is a good candidate for the best rally sim ever. (Yes, I know and love Richard Burns Rally, and still I dare to say it!)Pros:- Sounds are simply mindblowingly good. I have never heard such raw and natural sounding engine noises in any other racing game/sim (including Codies' previous titles). These sound alone make me a happy racer/car enthusiast.- Track design is its own category. There is no other rally title out there which gives me the impression that if I was watching a footage of a real rally stage.- Visuals. The graphics look really nice and it runs smoothly on my oldish PC on medium/high settings. It looks absolutely awsome even with these settings.- Physics are quite good. There are some weak points (more on them in the Cons section) but in general this is a very solid starting point. Asphalt feels even better than in RBR (it was that game's achilles heel, though)- FFB works surprisingly well. Again, it is not perfect but after some tweaking, I can get a nice feel of the road and the weight of the car.- Gameplay and presentation is also good. I'm looking forward to the other game modes (hillclimb and rallycross), I hope the community won't force CM to put too much racing discipline into it.Cons:- Damage physics are too forgiving. I can go on effortlessly after I flip the car over its roof a couple times...- Low speed physics feel strange. In a tight corner the car gets understeery regardless of the car setup. It feels like the wheel was losing sensitivity - not realistic at all. The handbrake works oddly as well (maybe this two phenomena is linked together), so it is kind of a hit and miss thing to go through a hairpin turn.- FFB has too high dynamic range. I have set the strenght to my liking but in certain situations (e.g. the rear end breaks out) it becomes too strong. Generally, the wheel has a spongy feel near the center and it gets sloppier to the sides.My tips:- Players equiped with a steering wheel are definitely advised to try the Dashboard cam if they haven't done so. It feels so natural behind my real wheel. The perspective is spot on, it really feels like home.- Set the Wheel weight setting in the FFB menu to zero. It just dampens the FFB, I can't imagine a situation where I could use this option. After setting it to zero the FFB came alive.I would highly recommend this game to every rally/Codemasters/autoracing fan. This really can be a new benchmark of rally sims."
,Recommended,310560,25376617,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,snog,"VX: based on my experience with it thus far this has the potential to be the best rally game ive ever playedVX: the graphics are amazingVX: controls are satisfyingVX: and they have some pretty nice tutorialsVX: the menu design and overall design are also really sleekVX: the number of vehicles available is also impressiveVX: not only number, but also the range. from the 60's to the present"
76561198096215113,Recommended,310560,28483961,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,bzolasz,Very challenging game. I would like to see new cars and stages.
,Recommended,310560,28517297,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Fário Merreira,"I CUTTED,GOD DAMMITWHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?!?"
,Recommended,310560,16654780,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AwkwardYet?,Dirt going back to its roots!
,Recommended,310560,21552077,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Doc,Don't cut.  No seriously.  Don't.
,Recommended,310560,16387025,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Chicane,"Save tons of money on your heating bill, because when playing with steering wheel you really have to work! But it's fun!"
,Not Recommended,310560,17366626,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,^5prototip99,not playable on controller.
76561198263790802,Recommended,310560,23211307,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Larroid,best game ever.........
76561198118483620,Recommended,310560,23539234,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,LumberZach,"Entertaining , very challenging as well. Learning curve is tough, but practice pays off; feels great to nail a section of track.8.75/10"
,Recommended,310560,25887131,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Roald,"Well, since i've played this game for a few hours i think it's time for me to write a proper review for this game.I really like racing games, and i like to watch rally on my spare time. I used to play dirt at my friends house before, and i played the original Colin McRae and WRC Rally games on PS2 so, racing games has been through a lot of my life. And this one is also a good, but it has its flaws.Pros+REALISTIC, its really good. And paired with a Logitech G29, it feels real.+Grapichs are amazing+A lot of great cars+Replay value+A lot of gametimeCons-Some bugs-Grapically intense game-Hard"
,Recommended,310560,19337928,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Svetlov Artem',"Very fun, very nice. Just like me"
,Recommended,310560,18316207,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,[KG] Wintermute,Great game. Glad they're going back to the roots in rally.
,Recommended,310560,19493968,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,BurninDownDank,"This game is amazing. It seriously is the closest thing to Rally racing any game has come. That being said, this game is a 'Simulation' by pretty much every aspect. It Is Hard. This game presents an amazing challenge to those not familiar with Off-Road racing. If you think you know because of Dirt 3, think again. Dirt 3 is an arcade game compared to Dirt:Rally. All i can say is, Best of luck and enjoy that MINI Cooper or that 1960s Lancia. Because its gonna be a while before you get the control."
,Recommended,310560,19032567,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,DankBeard,"This game is a lot of fun to play, but, be warned, it isveryhard. It isn't a game that has a lot of computer assits to help you improve your driving. It is designed to be more of a simulator, and it takes a ton of practice before you are able to stay on the road.That being said, it's not because the cars don't handle well. The cars handle great. It's just that the tracks are very complicated. The tracks take a long time to complete. From point-to-point it's taken me between 5 and 10 minuets to complete most tracks, and they are only 1 lap.The tracks really keep you involved in the game, because you never know what is coming next. They are fast. The layout and scenery on the tracks is amazing. It's very realistic. You will find yourself driving through mountians, forests, and even on pure ice roads overhanging massive cliffs.Another fun part of this game is the online events. There are daily tracks, which will earn you money, depending on how well you do compared to other drivers that participated in the event. There are also events for each week, and month, which have huge payouts. It's a lot of fun to complete a daily track, and compare my time against thouands of other players, and then earn money, based on my place in the rankings. I'm usually at about 150th-200th place in the events, but that's not bad, considering there are a couple thousand people registered for most events. I still make about 25k per event.I would recommend this game, but you need to understand that you willnotjump into this and start flying through the tracks. You need to take a lot of time to learn how to do drive and navigate the tracks. So if you are looking for an arcade style game, where you just ""floor it"", you may not like this game very much. This game is designed for someone who wants to put a ton of time into it, in order to better their driving.My Web Site"
76561197999335975,Recommended,310560,20473455,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,AOD_Jones*,"It can be so realistic, you need a steering wheel to enjoy all it has to offer"
76561198382760019,Recommended,310560,32326671,Posted: 10 June,all,ant1393,very good game good concept good graphics (besides the people cheering on the side)
,Recommended,310560,18877905,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ubaroo,Best rally game ever made
76561198274783751,Recommended,310560,30735732,Posted: 25 March,all,Rookie,I really like this game. I love how real it feels even with just a controller wich is how I play it. I am not sure how close to real life this game is but I don't care. It feels real and its really fun. Other things I like:The difficulty.The weather system.Night driving.The occasional surprise on the road.The variety in cars. (Not number wise but handling)I am not going to list everything I like about the game but its safe to say that I'm exited for the sequel.
,Recommended,310560,30755608,Posted: 26 March,all,H3r3tiC,not many good rally sims out there. adrenline pumping once you get the flow going its awesome. get distracted for a sec and you end up in the ditch.
,Recommended,310560,23874308,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,.Tylarr,"Review for badge progress, good game tho."
76561197989742063,Recommended,310560,19547767,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Grammaton Cleric,"No Doubt, the best rally game since Sega Rally Championship!"
,Recommended,310560,19548166,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,HowHard,Amazeballs! :)
76561198172447535,Recommended,310560,23919211,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CHOO HOO HU,Very Addictive.  Mechanics are very realistic.
76561198091591272,Recommended,310560,24160397,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,"The, Addi Robinson","I love this game...and hate it...One corner it makes you feel like a driving god and the next you get over cocky and your upside down flying backwards in to a tree.  It makes me wish for flashbacks to come back but DONT BRING FLASHBACKS BACK it would ruin the intencity of trying to hold on to your car realy when it REALLY wants to know whats to the right of the track.The cars feel how i'd expect them too, what with my minimum rally expirience (i once drove my Aygo through a muddy field) and respond to inputs how id expect them too.Driveing flat out feels intence like you could mess up at any point and its back to the restart.Someting i would ask for is you can have crew recomendations for repairing your car so your team recomends what to fix on your smoldering pile of metal to make it maby last another round, but i'd like to see crew car setup recomendations, so i dont have to go to the steam workshop find one for this stage apply it then tweek it.But yeah if you want a rally game this is for you.Now if you will excuse me i have to go git gud untill my blood pressure skyrockets and i have to go play something less rage enduceing...like dark souls."
,Recommended,310560,24199936,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,bullet tooth tony,"Dirt Rally is a pretty good simulation rally game. There is a huge variety of cars to choose from, and many more liveries to pick from. The tracks are diverse, with many different surfaces that can frustrate and make a race a breeze for you. This game was quite the jump from Dirt 3, but after some practice it is much more enjoyable and immensely satisfying when you complete a race, not only in one piece, but well. Not sure if I'd buy it at full price, but on a good sale it is definitely a good buy."
,Recommended,310560,15705438,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Pacman's Gran Fury,Adorable game. Best rally sim (indeed a sim) since Richard Burns Rally from 2004. Really worth the price of admission.
,Recommended,310560,19548753,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Blaerah,See when screwed a little it goes like this: Vrrrt pfpfpf vrrrrt pfpfpf
76561197974691587,Recommended,310560,31534144,Posted: 3 May,all,Just Win Baby,"reminds me of the first dirt,  AWSOME. challenging but when you figure out the car and listen to your co-driver you get into the zone."
76561198062085771,Recommended,310560,31537070,Posted: 4 May,all,matt19852085,Fantastic game really the best rally game to date my only moan is the menu music after playing it for so long the music is annoying and at this present time there is no way of turning it off.The graphics are great there are no flashbacks so drive carefully good choice of cars 60s 70s to present day I deffinetely recommend this game.
,Recommended,310560,24097590,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Idekay,"Visited Hell, Norway, a year ago. Now I can race there. 10/10The game is immensely fun though."
76561198019142846,Recommended,310560,31530920,Posted: 3 May,all,anastymoocow,fun game is very challenging but once you get the hang of it it is great the hill climb is great fun to! controller of steering wheel is essential
76561198066100634,Recommended,310560,23939722,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,LightBWK,"Last update: 2016-10-14Don't be fooled by my low play time, I play offline almost 90% of the time.Pros:A lot of stuff. Most of them already mentioned by others.TL;DR: It's better than RBR in a lot of ways.Update patch 1.2: Texture looks better, more details. Frame rate is more consistent and smoother.Cons:The menus are awful.1. Selected item not properly highlighted, value diff to low (I teach color/colour, trust me, I know my stuff). Should add hue to highlighted item. Tracks info are too dim as well.2. Too little effort put into menu since most of them are in greyscale.3. Text only on sub menu options (need icon for fast scanning), major options are often missed. Wanted to personal time trial but missed the menu and compete with the whole world.4. League menu is confusing at 1st access.5. No Breadcrumb. Sometimes you just don't know where you are.6. No confirmation screen before entering track loading screen.There are too many corners where the co-driver made wrong calls, causing major accidents. Few in Wales, Finland and Greece.Trees and shrubs are all the same, no landmark for breaking and drifting. RBR has more landmark trees and shrubs.Music choice is very poor.Tutorial videos are over 20% of the game size (not including audio).[Will update with more stuff later]"
,Recommended,310560,19547470,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,j3an,Best rally game/sim since richard burns rally.
76561197960546200,Recommended,310560,19068400,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,bee,- Must buy for rally fans!- Only Cons : Forcefeedback steering wheel not included! ^^
76561198011477067,Recommended,310560,19548851,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,fixeris,The best racing game ever!!!
,Recommended,310560,23933458,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tabasco,The best rally game ever made .
,Recommended,310560,24225502,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,JD,10/10
76561198380483626,Recommended,310560,33035697,Posted: 30 June,all,FunkyNinja88,Hey Kid! Wanna play in the Dirt?
,Recommended,310560,16482793,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Athellar,"The best thing that happened in sim rallying since Richard Burns Rally. Before Sébastien Loeb Rally was announced, there was literally nothing comparable to this. Don't let naysayers spoil the fun for you - albeit stuff like amount of damage received leaves something do be desired - this is a great sim. DiRT Rally is a steal for this kind of money."
76561198008343646,Recommended,310560,15583004,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sterling Archer,"UPDATE REVIEW  4/29/15since they just now release a patch to fix the known BUG where lots of NA players are having - I am giving this a full thumbs up.I gotta give em credit where credit is due, it took them only 2 days to sort it out.   Good job Guys!- - on that note - - my G27 feels weird after the patch,  got weaker ? FFb - - even though the settings is at 100% .. feels loose thats all.*TRACK iR support*G27 Support (needs tweaking)*Amazing GraphicsWhy is every one hating Gymkhana ? is it because you guys suck at it and wish you can do those in RL ?  when I saw Ken block on TOP GEAR givng captain slow a ride around his play ground, that was insane.. simply amazing.  I'm sure that sort of thing is not for every one, bunch of old farts... haha.OUTDATED REVIEW :I'm giving this a NO for now, untill they fix or add a god damn CO-DRIVERS VOICE to give your direction. I think that is the most important part of the DAMN GAME called RALLY.  as of now you are just litterally balls to the walls with no freaking idea how fast you should be turning at the next curve.   HE does speak during count-down start,  other than that .. total silent.. untill you flip the car over and he said something smart -- freaking JERK.Graphics is Good.G27 wheel support.nice clean layout - I like it.. might look bland to some.BIG CONS - No freaking CO-driver to help you - so yeah unless you have a memory of a damn elephant this game is broke for now."
,Recommended,310560,31764160,Posted: 15 May,all,HDPARKSI,Good
,Recommended,310560,18314988,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ELDAD_ISRAEL,"Best rally game ever.But don't expect something like dirt 3, it's completely different from any codemasters game... It's very hard but challenging.definitely worth full price."
,Recommended,310560,28785492,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,D3aD M1c3 V3n0m,a amazing game that sounds aas good as it looks. plays as good as it looks and last but not least. a review score. 8.5/10. super frustrating and fun.
76561198079438777,Recommended,310560,28603770,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TsarChasm_,"Brilliant game, i'm playing on a Logitech G920 and the force feedback feels lovely. Would highly recommend this, even if I suck at it."
76561198092106437,Recommended,310560,34163746,Posted: 11 August,all,kaos,great graphics great game cant think of anything negative to say
76561198055728468,Recommended,310560,31757577,Posted: 14 May,all,flobayern87,"After 200 hours, I can say without a doubt the purest rally game out there, and one of the best Dirt games ever. Oh and don't cut."
76561198045364143,Recommended,310560,23774244,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,xZeZo95x,Awesome game <3totally recommend it
,Recommended,310560,26090452,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Easily the greatest off-road driving experience I've encountered since the originalDiRTsome years back. Graphically impressive? Not particularly, but whatDiRT Rallylacks in visual prowess, it more than makes up for in control and physics. Mind you, I'm not a rally driver of any class, but as someone familiar with how a car handles at higher speeds: cockpit only, no assists and manual sequential feels *nigh* perfect here. It's a convincing simulation even on controller.From Powys to Jämsä -- the classics are all here, each with their own challenges and not a single one condensed. The vehicle selection fares equally well. Vintage to modern and multiple powertrain configs; there's something for everyone here, each car with its own feel and personality.Sound design and mixing are spot-on as with past Codemasters games. What little music is present suits the rallying vibe perfectly.Team management is arguably the weakest link here; functional, but barebones. The numbers feel meaningless as a more cautious driver and perks offer nothing beyond speeding up individual car upgrades. Engineer selection? Doesn't matter. Pick someone with the highest ranking and a 40 stage contract. Renew as necessary. Rinse, repeat.I've heard mixed opinions on the subject of hillclimb and rallycross. I've yet to experience either, and I'm not a fan of the latter to begin with. Consider looking elsewhere if these disciplines are important to you.That said: if you're looking for an off-road driving simulation that properly balances accuracy with high fun and thrill factor, thenDiRT Rallyis the one to get, no questions asked."
76561197971468206,Recommended,310560,20430209,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,k1tst3r,"Another so so rally game you might think... WRONG!Dirt Rally is simply the best rally game i have played to date!Having waited years for them to be this good while playing game after game and finding something lacking, I can honestly say this has everything ive been looking for in a rally game in bucket loads.I bought this game not long after it left early access after seeing a Steam advert. I was going to play it with my xbox360 pad and while i did for a while i found the gameplay frustrating even though ive played racers with the pad for years.That frustration would normally mean the game gets the boot and i never play it again BUT no the game was that good that i decided i need a steering wheel... ive always wanted a wheel but often thought they were gimmicks so never gave them much attention UNTIL this game. I bought a wheel just for this game! [Thrustmaster tx btw]The wheel makes the game way more enjoyable and brings out everything i knew i was going to like about the game while playing with pad.-Career mode is well paced and hard :) Seriously though frustration is enjoyable again-Realism only starts to become apparent as I improved and the small touches throughout are simply quality-I played the career into Elite championships before touching the online side-While the online side is excellent i think it needs more content however still delivers buckets of fun and interaction-The daily, weekly, monthly events give that something extra to look forward to especially after i have competed-The wager brings out the gambler in me :)-Running out of money to unlock more just gives me the reason I need to play more :)Just play it and forget the real world exists :) you wont be dissapointed!"
76561197980215556,Recommended,310560,20433498,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Copperhead,Best rally racing game on the market.
,Recommended,310560,20433687,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,The LT,"Finally, a worthy successor to RBR, DiRT Rally is a must-have! It's just that awesome! Physics, the feel of the cars, career mode, graphics, etc. Everything is completely balanced and masterfully done! Great work, Codemasters! A true gem in the race sim fan collection."
,Recommended,310560,20435653,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,milspec,"Amazing, they married the sim to something fun and game-like. Reviewed after ""only"" 5 hours, the hours will rack up the next time I plug my sheel in."
,Recommended,310560,20440308,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,mdspeedster,The first race in a mini was scary. Suddenly I got the idea that I should come try it again in a Polo...
,Recommended,310560,20437570,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Reverend Cole,I swear this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the passenger seat does not call 95% of the hairpins 3 meters in front of me
,Recommended,310560,15757135,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Life Itself,"No more rewinding!Finally after tediously searching ""Dirt rally game"" months prior to it's release codemaster delivered!This is a true authentic rally experience, even harder then DIRT3. The game is already worth it early access, plenty of tracksa decent variety of cars, and a pretty solid career mode.+Great soundtrack+Car feel is amazing, each and every nook or bump in the road is noticable+Optimized+customization-Low rez textures, rocks and dirt can look bad, and bystandards look very bland even on high (afterall this is a racing game)9/10."
76561197961168458,Recommended,310560,15631798,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Luftwaffles,/10 char
76561197970503300,Not Recommended,310560,27981423,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SpEd 727,"I purchased this game for it's advertised VR capability. I was hoping it would be like Project Cars (first person driving), but in the dirt (favorite). It isn't. VR for Dirt Rally is sitting in a theater playing the game on a ""big screen"". Very disapointed. Steam however was very quick to refund my money. Recap: looking for rally racing, buy it. Looking for a VR experience, keep looking."
76561197966573552,Not Recommended,310560,34115804,Posted: 8 August,all,Spock RC,"This is a great VR game, but it only supports the Oculus SDK."
,Recommended,310560,20775680,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,DickDastardly,"The best rally game ever, this game sets the bar high, all thats missing is full multiplayer like we had in Dirt 3, this game will sadly be short lived without it."
76561198027502541,Recommended,310560,19714837,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Hugo Stiglitz,Thanks for adding the Volkswagen Polo.The cheating software should help me win.
,Recommended,310560,19551285,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,hkkane,"DiRT Rally save ""DiRT"" brand,No gymkhana!!!!8.5/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riheQfSxd9U"
76561198010882548,Recommended,310560,19551174,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Greg,"I play from the beginning of the early access. I was very surprised when a saw the game on steam, my dreams came true.I didn't hesitate, I bought the game even though it was only in early access, but I trust in Codemasters and I love all of their games. First time the game was very hard, because I only played arcade racing games before. I practiced lots of hours with a Xbox 360 gamepad (all assist and HUD off with cocpit cam), but I decided to buy a wheel (Logitech DFGT), because it's well worth for this game. I had to practice some hours with wheel, but I will never change back to gamepad, the FFB and the feeling of driving with wheel is amazing. The game is full of challenges, especially the online racing, you must focus in every second. There is a lot of tracks and cars now and you can choose RallyX and Hillclimb if you want other challenges.I could write a lot from the game, but unnecessary, just read the comments and you will realize that the game is worth to buy, you will not regret it. Today this is the best rally game after Richard Burns Rally. (Sorry for my poor english! :) )"
,Recommended,310560,18634930,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Red Police Car,No regrets
76561197970524436,Recommended,310560,28226584,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,dez,great
,Recommended,310560,28264843,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,BRAK (ง°ل͜°)ง BABALITY,Best rally game.
76561197973588036,Recommended,310560,29066126,Posted: 6 January,all,Buster Baxter,"I don't normally play racing games but saw this on sale and thought ""why the ♥♥♥♥ not"". I'm utterly addicted. It's not easy, especially at first, and God help you if you break yourself in with RWD. That skill takes time to aquire, but is far more rewarding than 4WD and FWD once you do."
76561198047179137,Recommended,310560,29128660,Posted: 8 January,all,Stillwell,"This game is incredibly realistic, which means that it is incredibly difficult to master.  It's worth every bit of effort."
,Recommended,310560,15623452,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,AngrySkull,"This is the game rally fans have been waiting for to come out of Codemasters Racing.The graphics are very good, perhaps not of the quality of Project Cars, but beautiful in their own right, and perfectly suited to the rally environments.  I would like to see higher resolution environment textures implemented at some point, but the game looks great.Physics are good, not of the realism of Richard Burns Rally, but far superior to any of the DiRT series so far.  This game is HARD.  You cannot hold down the throttle around a hairpin turn and expect to stay on the track.The environment has disposed of all of the X-Games flair, fireworks, jabbering voice-actors, and nonsense, leaving a pure and unadulterated rally experience.You can manage your team of engineers and crew chief, getting perks for repairs and upgrades;which brings me to this point: you must repair your car between stages of a rally, but you can't repair everything, so you'd better keep the thing in (mostly) one piece while you're driving it.  This is the first time in a DiRT game where car damage has made a difference.  Destroyed your suspension in the first stage of the rally?  You're going to be struggling with that until the end, barring whatever repairs you can squeeze into your allotted 30 minute repair window after every second stage.  By the end of the rally your car is going to look like you rolled it through a forest full of rocks (which you probably have).The only problem with the gameplay is the lackluster wheel support.  Force feedback is virtually non-existent, even when the sliders are up to 100%  Even using a Thrustmaster TX Racing Wheel, which has very strong FF in other games, you can power through turns with one hand on the wheel.  This is not an acceptable oversight in this genre of game.  While every game should be configurable so even less experienced or dedicated players can play it, in a rally 'simulation' the force feedback on the steering wheel is a critical part of the immersion, and without it, we are missing out on one of the most fundamental parts of the experience.  While this may seem like an overly critical stance on this issue, I believe that next to the physics, proper force feedback and wheel support is the most important aspect of the gameplay in any racing game.  Until the wheel handling and force feedback is improved, the game is better played on a gamepad.Do I recommend this game?  Wholeheartedly, absolutely.   Even with the disappointing force feedback support, this game is already the best rally game available on the gaming market.If Codemasters reads this review, please, please, please, add some true hardcore force feedback options that actually give us feedback through the wheel on every bump and rut and impact of the tires, and allows us all to really experience this sport the way it was meant to be.9/10 - Would flip my car off a mountain and retire again.  But please fix the force feedback."
,Recommended,310560,15661268,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Private 1st Class Jeffrey Bison,"This ain't Dirt as you know it!This has to be the best Rally game I'ver ever played, the physics are very Sim and the inclusion of online leagues is perfect!I can only hope F1 takes inspiration and finally steps away from the arcade mess it has become the past few entries."
76561198075525997,Recommended,310560,20194951,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,budwheizzah,"Bought this for use with the DK2. Expectations were not high to start with given VR support had originally come out very ""crude"", which turned this purchase into a giant surprise. Not only did the VR work well, but it also was much better implemented than originally expected.The simulation itself caught me by surprise too. While somewhat forgiving, the driving physics model is far more akin to a simulation than a ""pure game"". You'll ""feel"" the hops & drops. If you have force feedback you'll be in complete communication with your car, able to input tons of corrections each second. I was once more surprised while discovering the driving this game has to offer.VR/3D YouTube First Impressions:http://www.interleave-vr.com/youtube-proper-player.php?v=6xRkXjwxJYY"
76561198122706725,Recommended,310560,21290735,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,dontcut119,Out of control :)
76561198188973497,Recommended,310560,21650563,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bart-Jan van Rees,"Best race game ive ever played, its pretty damn hard"
76561198056610718,Recommended,310560,22621197,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,kasyanovdenis,Best dirt game lol
76561198003177709,Recommended,310560,22661775,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,MegaRunBoy,The game was ok before latest update Now is full of graphics bugs for example montion blur: Hood view is a total glitch now basically the only thing which gets montion blured while speeding is your own hood! looks silly + no montion blur from Inside Maybe it's Nvidia new drivers? or maybe new game updated. Can't play anymore. But I still recommend this game
76561198146910799,Recommended,310560,29102152,Posted: 7 January,all,EcHo,"Outstanding Game, Great Graphics, Amazing Sound, and challenges even the best racers."
,Recommended,310560,29403888,Posted: 21 January,all,Pokeforbuff,Amazing game. I heard it is really realistic at what it does and that it had some real rally drivers in the team behind it. It does seem to be that with the tough gameplay and the low traction control in many cars but obviously I couldn't comment much.10/10
76561198008839465,Recommended,310560,29707720,Posted: 4 February,all,dragoncity,"If you want to get your heart rate up without going to the gym, get this.I am using a G27 Logitech wheel and have a few other driving game sin my library. If I want to play a driving game, I have to set it up and dismantle it at the end every single time due to having kids in the house and leaving the wheel on my desk is not a good idea. So it is a headache for me to do that.So far DIRT Rally is ablwe to make me do that.I think one of the thign is that it is a race against yourself in car rally games. You do not have to worry about other cars ( depend on their AI / real players). It probably does not hekolp that i am not a good driver.It doe snot mean this is an easy game. the different terrain feels different on the wheel and all the feeling is different. And it really gets my heat rate pumping up in the races. So ya... definetely recommend as a racing game to keep your heart rate pumping without going to the gym.PS, I am using the gear shift of G27 as the  handbrake and driving in auto. my home set-up is bad ( of non existence). so using the clutch padel pushes everything out of position."
76561198013641952,Recommended,310560,33295511,Posted: 5 July,all,dangermouse,"Bought full price. Totally worth it. Colin McRae Rally is back! This is real rallying. Unforgiving, white-knuckle, be careful!, use the brake. Go full auto until you get used to the game - then try ""real world"". Fantastic fun!"
,Recommended,310560,35150779,Posted: 23 September,all,LaRZy,8/10
,Recommended,310560,35266660,Posted: 28 September,all,Mitcherino1337 | society.gg,Really good grafic and good sound really like the game but the price is high but fine still bought it
76561198202951499,Recommended,310560,21643669,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,maks34,The game is perfect .I just want to see more real  wrc tracks. Regards  Ales
,Recommended,310560,23692323,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,AdoptableBark,best racing game ive ever played along with dirt 3.
76561197968465356,Recommended,310560,28958629,Posted: 2 January,all,H.t.H | ][TaMeR][esp,"The perfect rally sim. I don't see how they can improve it, maybe with more cars and tracks, but it's already awesome right now.Nice graphics, physics, hard AI, realistic and hard tracks, each car has its own handling, nice optimization (all ultra on a 1070, never less than 60 fps )...Extremely recommended 9.5/10"
,Recommended,310560,28964120,Posted: 2 January,all,Roadside_Racoon,Pros:- Good Graphics- Variety of Cars to Choose From- Realistic Handling- OptimizedCons:- Not too many Tracks to Choose From- Hard at First10/10Would Cut Again
76561198155592255,Recommended,310560,31981681,Posted: 26 May,all,Madcat797,Most realistic rally simulator. FFB and physics are on point. Awesome work Codemasters!
,Recommended,310560,32095407,Posted: 31 May,all,P E N A L,"I wish this game would run a bit smoother on my PC.I've missed the days of old with the old Colin games, talking 1 and 2.0 here.This feels so much like it and being reminded that one mistake can ♥♥♥♥ you up is a nice Dark Soulsy♥♥♥♥♥whooping back into line from the previous Dirt titles being a lot gentler on the player.It's sad to say that even on low settings, my PC doesn't like this game.It's been a while since I last played it, I don't know if it's patched or changed, but it's a framerate issue.Otherwise I think this is the best game in the series.At least... That I've played. I've been eyeing up Dirt 4."
76561198372014096,Recommended,310560,33288560,Posted: 5 July,all,anorm,"Great Frames Per Second With GTX 1070 ROG, Good Realistic Motion Towards Rally Driving. Will Take Time To Become Good With The Keyboard, how dosn't Take The Fun Out Of The Game. Pluse they got the rain just about right for the forest maps.FPS 143 WITH GTX 1070Buy On Sale, and not for the price of £40.00, theres not enouth content for that."
76561198016659139,Recommended,310560,35164087,Posted: 23 September,all,Bodybag,"A good rally racing sim, racing physics are OK but could be better.  The rallycross is very good but it does lack in the number of tracks available.  Needs to have DLC track downloads.   The rally stage races are good and difficult to manage at just about the right mix."
76561198214062059,Recommended,310560,21305158,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,scott,"i LOVE this game! Fantastic job guys, keep up the good work. have to say my favourite car is the Audi Quattro, the sounds it makes gives me goose bumps. Favouite event is pikes peak :) So happy to hear the  208T16 is comming, i was talking to a friend a while back, saying it would be great if it was made, so well done there. Split screen multiplayer on line would be amazing.It would also be good if you could access car set up all the way through events, so you could tweek as you go.AgainMany thanks"
76561197972608487,Recommended,310560,21652858,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,darknemo,"really good game, enjoying it"
,Recommended,310560,22596657,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Military Industrial Complex,"best rally sim, for true rally fans"
,Recommended,310560,22614631,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Guspac88,"+For the most serious or casual rally drivers.  You can drive anything from an old Mini to the cutting edge Subaru rally cars.+The Career mode is engaging and somewhat realistic in its layout.+Although I haven't ever rallied anything, I presume this is a realistic interpretation.+FFB is outstanding.-Extremely difficult if you have a controller or little experience.-Multiplayer mode is not engaging.  Although I understand why you don't see other drivers in it, multiplayer feels just like career mode.  The Rallycross mode is simply overaggressive.8.5/10"
76561197962853568,Recommended,310560,22643084,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Aradvle,"Spun 720 degrees off-road into a group of onlookers, probably squashing them. 10/10 would take the 15 second penalty again."
76561197963429904,Recommended,310560,23250264,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Hexman,Highly recommened. Fun to play but hard to master and very rewarding. 9/10.
76561197969697121,Recommended,310560,28665474,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rammstone,"Shockingly good!. I bought this on one of steams popular sales, it's absolutely astounding like driving a real rally car or as close as you're gonna get at this point. The only downside is it did make me feel a little sick after only 30 mins of play, which is a shame."
,Recommended,310560,29722405,Posted: 5 February,all,nts,"Some parts except from the gameplay itself are buggy as hell, fullscreen etc. but the simulation makes up for all of it."
,Recommended,310560,31703861,Posted: 12 May,all,Kradingmaew #Dab,Dark soul of rally game>Dark soul>funpick one lol
,Recommended,310560,33277933,Posted: 5 July,all,XAUNTYSE,Challenging and brutal on more than one occasion but it continues to grow on me the more that I play it.
,Recommended,310560,33279213,Posted: 5 July,all,Mr Naan Cheese,"Overall this is great game on the graphics points of view , however it's not newbie-friendly game . Those newbie needs some other references  to improve their handling ."
76561198031863721,Recommended,310560,21645325,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rocketman,"The Best Rally Sim out there, Nuff Said!"
,Recommended,310560,22623578,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Hicsy,"Great VR experience. You FEEL like a rally driver! My other account has close to 100hrs play. Unfortunately now i'm getting an Error 41 ""Servers are too busy to update your game"".Unacceptible.If you can't support your own games, don't sell it - that simple. The game was working fine 2 weeks ago, and a file-check says that it's up-to-date. Dont be EA Games and pass the blame: chase it up with Steam and find out what's going on."
76561198084706099,Recommended,310560,22643224,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,AgonisticClock,"Adictive, fast, awesome... best racing game ever. Racing at group b is the best thing ever."
76561198337489256,Recommended,310560,33281633,Posted: 5 July,all,Garlic,lelelele
76561198121188858,Recommended,310560,15616311,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Mojo Jojo,"WOW. ive been a fan of the dirt series since the first one. this game is very nicely done so far, im impressed with what ive played its challenging but after a few hours you get the hang of it. this game is how a rally game should be."
,Recommended,310560,16724886,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,SeeNoWeevil,Superb. The devs really know what driving game enthusiasts value.
,Recommended,310560,15625434,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,WHIZZY,Definitely a successor to Richard Burns Rally!
,Recommended,310560,15850605,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Flame,"Get ready bois, bring your best sweatbands and peripherals because this is gonna be a tough one."
76561198132476688,Recommended,310560,15849876,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Alf,DiRT is back - racing games don't get much better than this :)
,Recommended,310560,24812386,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Sethioz.xyz,"It's one of the most realistic rally games ever made, however damage is terrible, it's still made for drooly kids who drool all over their keyboard while playing and crash into trees 1000x per stage and they can still drive after that.They really need to make damage realistic, similar to what it is in BeamNG. in fact since it's rally game, it could have BeamNG like damage physics or similar to Wreckfest. One small crash should break your car's body a lot, if you slide against a rock with wheel, then your race should be over or at least RIP @ wheel, but instead you can continue racing.Camera angles in replay are horrible too, sometimes i just wanna enjoy seeing the replay, but 90% of the time it goes to some lame bumper or wheel camera that shows you nothing at all.However overall, the rally experience is really good, graphics and effects are nice too. I recommend this game if you just want to enjoy some rally. It has very realistic handling, cars handle quite real, there's room for improvements, but it's nicely done."
,Recommended,310560,15732999,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,DeadlyDanDaMan,"Very good Rally Racer!! Best i've ever played, just a fantastic racer, period. Great graphics, sound is amazing, career mode is fun, with plenty of sim and arcade options for everybody. Top racer of 2015 so far:)"
,Recommended,310560,33497185,Posted: 13 July,all,discombobulated1,if theres away to have more fun with a wheel i havn't found it yet.....
,Recommended,310560,19729985,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Galf,"I might have to sue codemasters because I find myself screaming for half of the stage, which in the long run made me unable to speak. I might have tore out my vocal cords from pure rallying madness.Jokes aside: this is the best Rally with capital R game around. Get a wheel. A DFGT is fine, but you NEED a wheel for this game.Minor but not-so-minor issue: some keyboards freeze up ingame and have to be unplugged and plugged back again. So far only keyboards that do this are the Microsoft Wired 600 and Logitech G110. If you have any of these two, give up racing with the keyboard."
,Recommended,310560,15645423,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ZM3,"Does not pull punches - A real Rally racer.Good:+Handling feels realistic+Wheel and controller support+Damage penalties+Runs smoothly on UltraBad:-No way to lower difficulty (very punishing, see summary)-Textures look outdated-Slow to get started (you will have the first car a while)-Clearly audible static when co-driver speaks-Vehicle selectionSummary:Overall, this is a difficult racing game, and there hasn't been a better rally racer in a while. It comes down to whether you want to deal with the difficulty, which can be a positive or negative. No driving line, minimal assists availible at a cost to payout, each restart costs you, no rewind, and you can actually end up owing money after your race winnings are factored in (I lost about 10k on my first tournament).System:Oculus Rift (or 1440p G-sync)GTX970i5 4690k16gb RAMWindows 10SSDNOTE- if you find my review unhelpful, please send me a personal message so that I can try to make it more useful for eveyone else"
76561198039698928,Recommended,310560,15619939,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Pelerin,I recommend this to anyone who enjoys Rally games.
,Recommended,310560,31862166,Posted: 20 May,all,KaRuPt420,DiRT has never disapointed. To me it is the Forza of rally with such detail in the game as a whole. Everything is far past my expectations of a pure adrenaline driven rally race.
76561198016880425,Recommended,310560,17025770,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Retrograde,"A return to form, this is the rally game you have wanted.At last the codies listenedCockpit view and sweaty palms.Just buy it!"
,Recommended,310560,16926924,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,cozzie333,"My first review on steam so give it my best shot!.Simulation is much better than previous Dirt games, though difficult! Ended up ordering a racing wheel to play this as I feel it would offer so much more than just using a controller..Tracks are longer and cars once used enough in career mode will unlock advanced setup.No flashbacks and voice overs, just pure you, your co-partner and the car..Daily and weekly events as well as online always giving something to offer newOverall feel it's a solid rally simulation we've all been waiting for!"
,Recommended,310560,17123381,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,stevefarrell94,Please give us an option to select AI difficulty durung career. I am no pro racer and I know some people will disagree but Most races I am getting negative times during the stages because no matter how hard I try I can't go fast enough. Its as if the AI or time I am trying to bet is going warp speed.
76561198137502324,Recommended,310560,23617582,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Kubix,"It's the best rally/racing game which i ever played great graphic, car handling, glorious sound of engine and turbo blow off :) I LOVE IT"
76561198009232769,Recommended,310560,15659382,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Oatmeal Guy,"Completly crushed my dreams of ever being a rally driver, all of it with great controls, sound and visuals, honestly the only thing this game needs is more content for me to suffer through.Don't get the Lancia Stratos."
76561198003380651,Recommended,310560,15739997,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,beyondtool,"The graphics engine is a little dated..but boy this game is something sorely missing for far too long. I've struggled to love the WRC game series which was the only rally game in town for so long, but Dirt Rally already eclipses it in every way. And you aren't going to master this game in one afternoon, it's a commitment with great reward for those who stick with it. A steering wheel is highly recommended for the best experience. The Force feedback continues to improve and some enterprising modders have managed to get the feeling closer to Richard Burns than any title has in a long time. Has been rock solid stable for me thus far too which is nice for early access. Highly recommended. If you have a wheel you MUST buy this game."
,Not Recommended,310560,35434351,Posted: 2 October,all,[TG] Thranx,"Tremendous game that I purchased exclusively for VR.  Worked, and then they broke it.  I will not run revive and oculus run times.  Make it work for Vive, Codemasters."
,Not Recommended,310560,33717184,Posted: 22 July,all,Soren Landfall,"If you have a racing wheel, I 100% recommend this game.  However, if you're like me and can't afford this luxury(or have space for such a thing) and can only use a controller.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.  The learning curve for controller users is horrific.  I understand the game is supposed to be hard as balls and that you can't win them all BUT, instead of driving for a podium, I'm driven into buyer's remorse.TL:DRIf you have a Wheel, knock yourself out.  This game will be awesome to you.  If you don't, just wait for DiRT 4 and move along."
76561197969752037,Not Recommended,310560,25890663,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Mnikey,No native HTC VIVE support for some unimaginable reason.
76561198012892759,Recommended,310560,15595716,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Jason,"This game, is what Rally fans have been waiting for, since Richard burns rally, and Colin Mcrae 1/2. I'm not going to go into whats good and whats bad, because if you have been waiting for this game, and this day to finally come, where there is no more festival crap, no more gymkhana, no more talking in the menus, no more ""DRIFTING IS DA BEST"". Then you will buy this game right now, and you WILL have fun."
76561198299776310,Not Recommended,310560,25857450,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,zzmony,Apparently Codemasters plan is to never add Vive support.  I bought this in anticipation of open VR support. Can Not Recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,310560,33642843,Posted: 18 July,all,TigerDust26 Logik,Never buy this game unless you have a steering wheel. Using keyboard is like being whip to death. So I guess I could recommend it if you have a wheel this is a must buy. If you have a keyboard which you prob have since this is pc I can't recommend it. Plus those are a ton of money and I just want to have fun if I was gonna do this comp then I would just actually irl start rallying and not be a retard who hides in his moms basement. Oh btw controlls not realitstic just because its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ does not mean it realitstic. I have droven a car before and barely turning the wheel going 50 mph does not make you spin out. 0 out of 10 worse game ever worse then the grandma graveyard simulator game. Settings are glitchy as ****.Pros:Graphics???also I guess gets the method of Rallying???Cons:GlitchyEverything else
,Not Recommended,310560,26447550,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ouroesa,"Apart from the constant and random crashing, pace notes being really off (and inconsistent) and generated stages being too narrow most of the time (and a bit too bumpy, IMHO) its a good game. Wish they would fix these game breaking issues."
,Recommended,310560,29723468,Posted: 5 February,all,♠ ZYZO ♠ 🆅🅰🅻🆅,realy good game i play it with G29 racing wheel and i loooove itto much fun !!!!
76561197975419221,Recommended,310560,24271432,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Fluffy Bunny Slippers,Amazing in VR.Needs a few small updates. Like being able to map recentre HMD to wheel button.Navigating the menu is a pain. Can we please map buttons to continue/exit etc?
76561198041722474,Not Recommended,310560,33489461,Posted: 12 July,all,Rick,"The driving itself is great fun and it looks nice too - so if that's all you're looking for you won't be disappointed at all.For me, however, there is not enough content. Only 6 different rallies means your quest for the Rally WC Title feels more like a warm up. (Mountain Climb and Rally Cross are very repetitive too and not what I wanted from a rally game anyway)It's a critisism I have for all 'Dirt' games really: not enough races per Championship, you never feel like you take part in a season and fight against rival teams and drivers.What happened to games like 'TOCA' or 'Colin McRae'?"
,Recommended,310560,24334086,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,travelingdaz,"VR Mode.It has a new lease of life now it's working on Vive with revive.Its good, Just don't look behind you, there is no car.Oculus doesn't have tracking behind you. 😂Proper VR support (Vive) can't be far away if a Hack can be working in less than a day after release?Me Thinks Facebook's/Moculus's Bank balance may be slowing down the release.Greedy FckBOculus.I'd rather wipe my♥♥♥♥♥♥with broken glass than own a Moculus Shifty."
76561197988704565,Recommended,310560,18847550,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Ferranis,"This is the first and only game i would not mind having even ea's pricing & dlc policy. Yes, it is that good."
76561197994060371,Recommended,310560,25273113,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,rob_every05,"Done nearly 200 hours I think or roundabout now so about time to review this game.If you know nothing about rallying, about pacenotes, about the differences between front, rear and four wheel drive, mid engined cars etc, you will find this game difficult in the extreme to start with. It is NOT easy to play without a wheel or on a pad. And it is not really set up to be easy for beginners, there is no area to practice or no shccol area to mess about on.If you are a console player you might too as it is unlike any other rally game in that the stages you rally on are very, very realistic. There is no such thing as a typical corner, they are all fairly unique in every country, and have to be taken differently in each type of car.Some of the cars are hard to drive, some are fairly easy to drive. Some are realistic in ways which you might have heard drivers talk about historically, some really are not.The game is a little short on content and venues, particularly for rallycross which is a shame and could do with addressing, but it seems the support for content in this game will not carry on, unless it is eventually able to be modded.But the rally stages are worth getting the game for. The older cars are a blast to drive.My only criticisms are that the mid-engined cars are stupidly hard to drive on snow and tarmac at speed.And the game has clearly been designed for consoles not PC's (as usual these days), so the menus are a little clunky and mouse UI is awful.But Codies do this all the time with their F1 games, and once you get the hang of it it is a great game.Deffo more sim than you might think. When you start it will bite you incessantly.  But learn the stages a bit, learn the cars and you will have fun."
,Recommended,310560,15590738,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SonicXtreme,Made from the ashes of Paul Walker himself
76561198090855802,Recommended,310560,16801955,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,zZSmokinGoodZz,i simply love this game.
,Recommended,310560,24268324,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Dark chocolate,"I'm not a fan of racing game . But dirt rally made me wanna get my first gaming wheel.It is that good. Combine with oculus rift , this is the best experience on vr for me so far.Good job Codemaster."
,Recommended,310560,32241196,Posted: 7 June,all,A L T,Clip a rock and your car will implode and create dark matter.100/100
76561198067831006,Recommended,310560,31748487,Posted: 14 May,all,mp,good game vroom vroom
,Recommended,310560,19144974,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Tatumax_Reloaded,Beautiful game. Very nice to play!
76561198030570438,Recommended,310560,15597179,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ringod123,"Looks amazing, sounds amazing, feels amazing, and this is in its firt day in Early Access. Loved Dirt 3 but this is phenomenal! buy it you mug!"
76561198076087981,Recommended,310560,29778715,Posted: 8 February,all,✪ Fakaryr,123123 drink
,Recommended,310560,23596770,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Platypus csgotower.com,FAQKING WORT DA MUNYYYY M9! BUY DIZ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198214859072,Recommended,310560,19561368,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,CocoBananaMan,"i have only played for a few minutes and this has that wow factor, my goodness the feeling of speed once you hit pavement is scary"
,Recommended,310560,26074729,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Shorvok,If you like rally this is THE game. It won't get better than this.
76561198142761170,Recommended,310560,15596266,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Slipperyjim,"Awesome.....looks great, runs great with everything set to max (I only have a display @60hz so I have vsync on)Encapsulates the challenge of mistakes will punish you rallying nicely. Very polished even at early access stage,only marginally limited in content as you would expect.The future looks very bright indeed...can't wait for the 1st update!Thumbs up from me."
76561198024391681,Recommended,310560,26064149,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,dragonpumpkin,"Don't go above 2nd gear or you'll regret it. 10/10, will drive around in my golf buggy again.Edit: Make that first gear. And on Rallycross, probably best to use the reverse gear."
,Recommended,310560,18847469,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,GAME OVER 遊戲結束,"Brilliant game, not your average. with plenty of tracks and a selection of cars ranging from the good old classics of the 70's right up to the beasts of the 2000's. Have played plenty of rally and road race games but this one takes the cake for the closest simulator like game ive played, will give you plenty of fun learning how to control the cars, each one having there own querks to figure out. Great game.A+ GRAPHICSA+ SIMULATIONA+ UPDATESA+ ALL ROUNDproper multiplayer expected soon in an upcoming update"
76561197970656180,Recommended,310560,18848734,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,SamFisher,The handling is harder but I think it's pretty much like the CMR series before which is quite anticipating.The graphics are good enough. Menu response speed is good either.Nice work out there!
,Recommended,310560,27547293,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TeeVee,👍
76561198079384311,Recommended,310560,29686043,Posted: 3 February,all,mickej14,verry god game
,Recommended,310560,18848327,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,quackdudey,"Sold my Awp Asiimov to buy this game.10/10, better than CS:GO skins."
76561198010141420,Recommended,310560,19798746,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Bahadur,God game. Not a sim but great fun. I like the RX part best.
,Recommended,310560,15693431,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,nascar9man,"cannot play the game..... need some helpSystem Information------------------Time of this report: 5/3/2015, 23:01:35Machine name: JOHNSLAPTOP-PCOperating System: Windows 8.1 Pro 64-bit (6.3, Build 9600) (9600.winblue_r9.150322-1500)Language: English (Regional Setting: English)System Manufacturer: Dell Inc.System Model: Inspiron N5110BIOS: BIOS Date: 08/03/12 11:06:40 Ver: 04.06.04Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-2450M CPU @ 2.50GHz (4 CPUs), ~2.5GHzMemory: 8192MB RAMAvailable OS Memory: 8098MB RAMPage File: 7241MB used, 9049MB availableWindows Dir: C:\WINDOWSDirectX Version: DirectX 11DX Setup Parameters: Not foundUser DPI Setting: 120 DPI (125 percent)System DPI Setting: 96 DPI (100 percent)DWM DPI Scaling: DisabledDxDiag Version: 6.03.9600.17415 64bit Unicode"
,Recommended,310560,22536203,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,casey neistats drone,highest refresh rate i can choose is 59 hzliterally unplayable...
,Recommended,310560,22725260,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Anixsson,....
,Recommended,310560,29854905,Posted: 11 February,all,Gr0sh,"Mimo ,że gra była dość droga uważam, że bylo warto. Super grafika, gra dobrze zoptymalizowana. Fizyka bardzo dobra, tryb multiplayer działa też dobrze. Jedyne drobne minusy to brak licencji do niektórych samochodów i język angielski .Ogólnie gra warta uwagi!"
,Recommended,310560,15599132,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,PandaVeranda,"10/10Lots and lots of detail!Its way harder than the other DIRT games, but that makes it only makes it more of a challenge to finish first!Although there is no Gymkhana, this game is a must have for every race and rally fan out there.You will not find a better rally game than this.(I would recommend a X360 / X1 controller or a racing wheel for a proper race experience).Works great with steering wheels like:* Logitech Driving Force GT* Logitech G27"
,Recommended,310560,29870763,Posted: 12 February,all,malic,Great game!
76561198048807342,Recommended,310560,29863354,Posted: 11 February,all,KirklandSignature,"playing with a logitech g920 wheel , freaking amazing, im ready to go irl pro."
76561197971570389,Recommended,310560,15590780,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Game Hard 4.0,OCULUS RIFT DK 2 + LOGITECH G25 = AWESOME !!https://youtu.be/iYqoxVr2WRc
,Recommended,310560,19559825,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,hxAorus,Still a bit buggy. Else is fine.
,Recommended,310560,19559252,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,☬ KingsKiller ☬,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAP90zMD4fYGameplay ll ULTRA Settings ll GTX 970 ll FPS
,Recommended,310560,24960668,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,The best racing game u can ever own ! simple.
,Recommended,310560,19548748,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,GamingCanuck,"Hands down the best rally game available right now, I'd say it's just as good if not slightly better than RBR. The game runs great, looks great and the physics are great. This is not another Dirt series game filled with Gymkhana and horrible rally stages. If you enjoy rally racing and rally cross and want a challenge, this is your game."
76561198077862318,Recommended,310560,24215360,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ScaRe_DeM-krEw,"NEVER! has a game made me CLENCH my jaw like dirt rally, if u like racing games this one is a MUST in your library, the graphics are GORGEOUS! the physics of the game are AMAZING...It teaches u throttle control, u cant just mash the gas u have to constantly feather your brakes and throttle to whip your car around the curves and on some tracks jussssssT hold on by inches from veering off the cliffs!!, it truly feels like your in the car and when u finally kill a track the replay is dam satisfying to watch as a drone records u from above and u really see the true beauty of the game...i wish i had a better comp to run higher resolutions but at 1080 ultra 4xaa i get 60FPS with a fx6300/gtx960 STEADY! and it looks flipping great i can olny imagine how this game would look in 4k, so sick what a gr8 job by codemasters!"
76561198123412837,Recommended,310560,15586431,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,python4161 4K,"Got so many penalties, i finished the stage in 2 hours.10/10 would hit a tree again"
,Recommended,310560,34380433,Posted: 20 August,all,_PINENEEDLE_,Only got the game so i could copy my friend. Good so far
76561198006588159,Recommended,310560,33444000,Posted: 10 July,all,Crestfallen Warrior,"This is the only thing I got for myself during the most recent summer sale and man am I glad I did.  I've never before owned purely a rally racing game.  I'd played Dirt 3 before and liked it well enough.  But this game is a whole other level from the Dirt folks.  They are confident enough in their product that when you first boot up the game you see a note written to the dev team essentially congratulating themselves and proclaiming that what you have in front of you is the best rally racing game ever made.  As far as I can tell they aren't wrong.The sense of immersion is fantastic.  The car physics and graphics, tracks, textures, sounds, lighting are all great.  Its not the largest stable of cars I've ever seen but then again rally isn't some hugely popular thing.  The tracks are all challenging and yet great fun.  The overall challenge of the game that is oft talked about is welcome.  You are penalized for starting over and are encouraged to accept results ""as they are"".  I've managed to win a heat before (by 17 seconds!) but generally I finish between 6th and 2nd.  I play with traction control and ABS on but only to the smallest degree (because to my knowledge actual cars have this stuff).  Seriously though, just get your car around the track without taking the ""reset to track"" penalty, dont try to be too fast and youll get 4th almost gauranteed.  If you think if you flip your car or get turned around that you can recover faster than the 13-16 second penalty you take for resetting your car to the track then do it.  If you can recover yourself in 5-8 seconds go for it.  Don't give in and just enjoy the thrill and the scenery and the sounds.The career mode is more about just making money, expanding your team, making a profit, buying the next car you want, and just getting on to the next event.  You dont have to win everything to have a successful career and make money and have nice things, just like in real life.  Theres plenty of advanced tuning options as well for those who want to go in depth per track and surface type to tune their favorite rides.  I have actually had some positive impact just nudging a few things here and there as a total novice just reading the in-game explanations of how things are related and paying attention to how my car feels and responds.  I am a veteran at racing games but know next to nothing about them in real life so if some scrub like me can figure it out you can too.I must point out one very noticeable negative.......at completely random times while driving, the screen and really the whole game will just lock up completely, frozen in time, and then a few seconds later un-freeze and will act as if you had been driving those few seconds still, which of course means you weren't controlling your car those few seconds and will suddenly find yourself crashed or off track and it can really screw up a race, like the game has a small seizure.  It makes me lower the rating for the game a whole point, maybe 1.5.  I don't know if its my computer or my settingas are too high but I doubt it, runs smooth as butter when not having a seizure.  I don't get it but its non-negligible I'll say that much.  Your best bet when this happens is to just hold down the brake button and aim your car to the middle of the track with your mind's eye and pray.  Sometimes this works enough that it slows you down just a few seconds as opposed to 15 but eh, still not good.Its an intense game that demands focus (I have to take a second during many races to internally remind myself to stop gripping the controller so hard) that rewards you with an overall unique racing experience compared to most of anything else on the market today.  Perhaps best of all its just so focused at what it does.  Theres no season pass, thres no 100 dollars of DLC you need to get.  Just pure, gritty, pulse pounding in your face racing.  At 60 bucks its probably just barely worth it in terms of amount of content I suppose but if you are a racing fan and know you will like this game then I would say its still worth it.  For other people who are less sure it will be absolutely worth it at a sale price.  I got mine for 70 percent of and it feels like a steal.  Due to the random seizures of the game engine though I can only give it an 8 or 8.5/10"
,Recommended,310560,16014632,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sleeper Shark,After updated to windows 10 now all my problem is GONEWindows 10 + Dirt Rally:- Fullscreen (Finally)- Massive FPS gain- No more stutterNow i can play Dirt Rally the way it meant to be played
,Recommended,310560,16485773,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Poultry_Fan_42,"Try not to drive off cliffs at 220 km/h or you might die. Or you might not. Or you might survive but your co-driver won't, and your co-driver is a heck of a guy so you wouldn't want that to happen.#StopCoDriverAbuse#hashtagOh yeah, and the game is fun too I guess"
,Recommended,310560,26186857,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,thefishstick,Here's my first time gameplay video:https://youtu.be/jTIjrHAekNkI also review other VR games on my channe!:www.youtube.com/user/rpatenaudeI WISH I WOULD'VE BOUGHT THIS GAME SOONER! I've never really been into racing games but with teh Oculus Rift and the G27 racing wheel HOLY BANANAS!!!! RACING IS SO KOO!!! I've only played a couple of custom races and just started the campaign but I really like the game so far. I spent the first couple of races going a max speed of about 35 miles an hour because the throttle settings for my controller were set really low by default for some reason. It was still a blast either way though. Even better once I got those figured out! :D
,Recommended,310560,32235228,Posted: 7 June,all,MikkoRaikiri,Awesome game!
76561198079746706,Recommended,310560,19548122,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Xeneroth,"first game I've seen in a long time that managed to finish and leave early access and still be one hell of a fun game, highly recommended 10/10"
76561198080510650,Recommended,310560,16481981,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Tarm0,
,Recommended,310560,28633222,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Terugkeer,Please add Chinese version.Thank you very much~
,Recommended,310560,26533364,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,game-bell™,magnum tornado to the finish line. got achievement. 10/10 would tamiya again
76561198098537540,Not Recommended,310560,32969223,Posted: 28 June,all,GearShreder,Cannot recommend this game because its only raceable for 5 minutes. The physics are great and the experience of rushing through the hills and forests was great but when my Thrustmaster TX disconnects within 5 miuntes and requires a game restart I was dissapointed. After 2 hours of pushing through the problem and looking at the community I was fed up. (Apparently you have to delete NIVIDIA but I use that in other games).       Id personally like to thank gaben for my money back.
76561198140744071,Not Recommended,310560,28245669,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,gettomonkey69,"It started out in beta/early access with sooo much promise... but it gradually (with successive patches and aditional content) turned into something quite different..a stuttering reminder of what it could have been (for me and - as it turns out;ALOT of others too). If I had of bought the ""finished"" game (I use that word despite it feeling unfinished due to being (possibly-IDK I'm not a programmer) poorly tested nor properly optimised;... I would have asked for a refund, no question.Specs i5 4590GTX 980ti16GB RAM DDR3WIN 10 128GB SSDAll games on 2 TB HDlatest drivers etc"
,Not Recommended,310560,31805611,Posted: 17 May,all,Kisses,"After having Dirt Rally on my Wishlist for months, and then it finally going on sale for $18.00 USD, I finally pulled the trigger and purchased it!To my great disappointment I was able to get only 21 minutes of gameplay. I ran the Wales course and just as I hit the finish line the game crashed. I could never get past the logo / splash screen when re-launching the game, with no success after re-launching Steam, or re-booting the PC. Any solutions I found online did not fix the problem.I requested a refund."
76561198155355343,Recommended,310560,23452342,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,IRENMEN,"Great game, kind of hard to play sometimes though. Wheel recommended."
76561198024578572,Recommended,310560,19551044,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Carlsson,This is one of the most fun and realistic rally games I have played!And it's the best Dirt game I've played as well.If you want a good rally simulator I highly recommed this game!
,Recommended,310560,15621488,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Zakalwe,"This replaces my previously 'thumbs down' review.At this point wheel FFB is still broken, but in pretty much every other way, this game is good to go right now. Played with a game pad, this is the best rally sim on the market. Probably the greatest rally sim ever. I could go on to describe how well the cars handle and the incredibly satisfying way that the sport if represented, but instead, just watch this little work of genius by forum member griev0r:https://youtu.be/8scNHa9swBsBuy now and play with an game pad, and when the FFB is fixed, play with a wheel. It's win/win."
76561198079103904,Recommended,310560,20284483,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Skyez 😈,10/10 ez.
76561198024578227,Recommended,310560,15591106,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Beard,"This is so beautifully gritty.. Rolled over six times in the first event. Numerous time penalties.Finished fifth. That never happened before..Damn i love it!The driving in this game is spot on and finetuning is the challenge here.Definitely worth buying, if Codemasters won't let us down on support (should be fine), and you miss the oldskool gritty Colin, buy it."
76561198085929586,Recommended,310560,24277306,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,matt.hazeldine,"brilliant game, a must have for petrol heads!"
76561198066232544,Recommended,310560,29123199,Posted: 8 January,all,Cynec,"Best Hillary Clinton campaign simulator I have ever played. Up by 8 seconds, final stage, nothing can go wrong. Flip my Lancia, fly into a tree. Last place. GG."
,Recommended,310560,19560331,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Mikel,Is it fun to drive? Keyboard? MaybeWith an actual steering wheel and pedals? Heck yes!If you're an racing game fan i highly suggest this game for you. Specially for those who like to drive it in the dirt roads.I've been waiting the release so badly myself and now that it has finally arrived from early access!
,Recommended,310560,22273474,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SuprémePussyGod,Almost as good as Richard Burns Rally
76561198007410764,Recommended,310560,27703682,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,"Alex ""BigAl"" Bindevald",Best racing game
,Recommended,310560,29104063,Posted: 7 January,all,Blake_Murdock,"I currently have a total love/hate relationship with this game right now.It's fun to play and is a really smooth game and looks great.But holy crap it's super frustrating at times, but also funny when you screw up so bad.Kinda wish it had the instant replay feature like the F1 games do, but then I'm sure that would be used like all the time.So I get why it wasnt included.Would highly recommend it though!"
,Recommended,310560,29106501,Posted: 7 January,all,SemenLizard54,"This game is surprisingly accurate, those who want to just hit the e-brake button and powerslide with ease beware."
,Recommended,310560,35127034,Posted: 22 September,all,DoriDori,Pros+physics (not the most realistic)+variety of stages with great elevation changes+great few selection of cars each with different handling characteristicsCons-graphics (not the best but shouldnt deter your gameplay)-may get boring after a whileOverall solid gameplay - 4/5 heil hitlerswould recommend
,Recommended,310560,23507685,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ChillCore,¡Ándale! ¡Ándale! ¡Arriba! ¡Arriba! ¡Epa! ¡Epa! ¡Epa! Yeehaw!
,Not Recommended,310560,35359288,Posted: 30 September,all,Tiggle,"As far as game play. Its really fun. Espcially with a steering wheel. Good graphics, realistic feel. Very cool. But... This game has alot of cons.The recovery mechanic really sucks sometimes and will let you sit in a position that is not recoverable for like 2-4 seconds before giving you an option to take the penalty and recover and will add the full penalty on top of the wasted 2-4 seconds. Sometimes it'll compinsate depending on the crash, but a lot of the time it wont. And its annoying. Also, the CPUs are way to hard. They are practically unbeatable with out a full 100% flawless run.. And thats on the easiest difficulty. Dont get me wrong. I respect a tough game. And I acutally love tough games. But my god, if you crash once and even recover fast, you still litterally cannot get first place at all. If you use the  recover feature once you cant get 1st or 2nd. And then if you drive still around flawess with very few mistakes, you will make about 3rd-4th. And this is on the easist diffeculty. I promise, this isnt some, (I suck, lets rage review) or anything in that manner. But really, they need to tone down the CPUs because they never mess up. And drive perfect on the easiest levels. I have had flawless runs that are pretty damn fast with the Evo and still. Never gotten past 2nd place.Also, once you start a championship with a certain car. you have to do the WHOLE thing in order to choose a new one with another car. Which is 32 races. Which takes quite a long time to do. I think its stupid that you cant just be able to switch from car to car when ever you please. Sometimes I want to do a fast pase race with the EVO, then after 4 races I want to slow it down and be more persice with a slower car. But cant do it! Have to race another 28, 5-8 minute races. A little absurd.Also if you expect to play online, good luck. Ive been able to play online vs people 1 time out of the 13 times ive tired. No one plays online.All that aside, the game is fun. Just hard. Which makes it great. But it takes for ever to get credits as you will 100% place last to 4th place about every single race until you really start getting better and you can get around 3rd - 2nd everyy once in awhile."
,Recommended,310560,19758815,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,enamel,"Don't cut, be brave."
,Not Recommended,310560,15617976,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Limey21,Today i HAD to download and install a 10gb update for nothing that does not help me or my game.
,Recommended,310560,18469597,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Vejdirektoratet,"DIRT RALLY has amazing graphics and probably the best game I have played for long time. However this is the first Rally game I ever tried so it took me some time to get the ""grip"" of the game and I'm not sure if I still have got it right. I found it extremely difficult in the beginning but over time the game gets easier to ""handle"" and understand. GOOD WORK Codemasters keep it up!"
,Recommended,310560,18976802,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,wh1te,Hard & Unforgiving
,Recommended,310560,21419465,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,PainKnight,"This game was really great, when it worked.  The driving felt mostly good, but it had a horrible sense of speed.Now that I think about it, it feels like Dirt 3.  And Dirt 3 was awesome, I played that game a lot, both just running through the single player and online.But Dirt 3 had several other modes of gameplay as well, like the buggy and trophy truck stuff, and rally attack... and playing around with Gymkhana.  Which this game doesn't have, but that's cool, it's meant to be a rally sim.Also unlike Dirt 3, the game constantly starts in a low resolution, no matter what it had been set to previously.  It also tends to crash your entire computer when you alt-tab.  Which, you know, hey, it happens.  Just like every other triple A title nowadays, right?So, the TL;DR is that you should probably just get Dirt 3.  If you want the hardcore rally experience, this game is actually really good for that, just be prepared to get in a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥match whenever you want to play.Also, where the ♥♥♥♥ is the GT-Four?"
76561197996963324,Recommended,310560,15607028,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,GroupB,This is pure sim- Handbrake must be better (analog and not digital)- Setup must be better (with numbers and more options)- Grip must be fixed (it is too much)- Better Physics for the CarsNothing else9/10
,Not Recommended,310560,24287268,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,AtomicWoodchuck,"Very disappointing. Codemasters have taken a grant-bribe from Oculus to buy platform exclusivity. No reason this couldn't have been delivered using open source Steam VR. Codies' PR team are busy fobbing off questions about Vive compatibility with evasive corporatespeak drivel while, presumably, lighting Cuban cigars with dirty $100 notes from the Facebook coffers.What next? Games you can't play with mouse/keyboard control unless you're a Logitech customer? nVidia only software which refuses to run for AMD users? Software which only works on a Samsung monitor (thanks for the brown paper envelope, guys).It sucks, and is of no benefit to the consumer. The PC platform's strength is broad compatibility regardless of who manufactures the components or peripherals. This is the thin end of the wedge, and PC gamers should stand together in giving a well deserved collective middle finger to anyone involved in these shabby practices.Oh, and as far as the review goes, I couldn't play the game in VR because Codemasters were bribed into avoiding the de facto OpenVR standard in favour of locking down the hardware with Oculus' proprietory drivers, so....That's a huge thumbs down and a generous 2 testicles/10 rating for this one. Hope Codemasters choke on Mark Zuckerberg's baby batter..."
,Not Recommended,310560,26093299,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Zarthrag,Sold on Steam without HTC Vive support planned.Deal. Breaker.This is my last Codemaster's title (and I own *many*) for this reason alone.
76561197981035718,Not Recommended,310560,30205579,Posted: 26 February,all,DickHammer,"This game is in no way for an average player. Make one small mistake on track, and you might just restart the race. Zero forgiveness. I mean, if you're a professional driver, you probably will have fun with it, but for common gamer, looking for some fun, it's going to bring nothing but frustration."
,Not Recommended,310560,31341164,Posted: 24 April,all,Oak,No 900º wheel support and still have the nerve to call it self a sim?? Codemasters never again....
,Not Recommended,310560,23892895,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,-=312th=- Revenant,"Pathetic.If you like to troubleshoot BASIC computer peripherals like keyboards, mice and simple game controllers like XBOX 360 controller... get this game because instead of playing it that's what you could be doing.Apparently there is something stupidly wrong with this game becuase it doesn't behave with a very common microsoft wired 600 keyboard. Randomly you cannot navigate the menus and the system has to be ""poked in the eye"". You read that right, no alt+tab, no three finger salute to the task manager. I hear you can alernatively unplug your bloody keyboard and plug it back in to continue for a while until the issue happens again.How is a game so sloppily coded that in the year 2016 a standard USB keyboard doesn't work properly?How pathetic is it that Codemasters has known about this issue from release? Further there are reports all over the internet that the issue happens on previous games in this series!Steam shows me as 1 hour on record. 1 hour of BS wasted time trying to run this game with a huge flaw to a simple function.Codemasters QA team should be fired. As for me, I'm going to try one more time with a different keyboard and unless it runs -perfectly- I'm requesting refund. Aint nobody got time for this crap."
76561198213137371,Not Recommended,310560,25937903,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Alan Lau,"I've played iRacing, bought AC and Dirty Rally and now pCars. Initially I was put off by the negative reviews of pCars and bought AC and later DR. Dissappointed with the adapted Vive experience of these two sims, I bought pCars yesterday with native Vive support. Purely with the Vive mind, I was totally surprised by pCars. It feels and plays great in VR. DR and others should be ashamed of themselves for siding with Rift. Great job, pCars! You gave me my best VR sim driving experience on my Vive. If you're like me looking for the best VR racing, I do not recommend Dirt Racing."
,Recommended,310560,29065349,Posted: 6 January,all,Paradise Decay,"VR | GTX 1060 Gameplay footage (With Commentary):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33fiWc512VEMy Thoughts:One of the best racing VR experiences around. In VR you can see and feel every bump. Awesome!Game Details:DiRT Rally is the most authentic and thrilling rally game ever made, road-tested over 80 million miles by the DiRT community. It perfectly captures that white knuckle feeling of racing on the edge as you hurtle along dangerous roads, knowing that one crash could irreparably harm your stage time."
76561197999910479,Not Recommended,310560,33810494,Posted: 26 July,all,[THC]WayGone,Multiplayer... riiight..
76561197966925222,Not Recommended,310560,23938018,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Equinox4k,"I really.. REALLY want to give it a thumb up! But the physik engine is so f*cking messed up..Normally when I compete online on a hillclimb race I get to top tier without any problems...Did the first challenge with car xy during rain on a wet asphalt... damn nice handling, nice grip...somehow.. everything fine.Did the same map with the same car on dry asphalt... ♥♥♥♥♥♥ handling... no grip.. the car just slided out of nearly every corner... Why? Why is that? I'm driving real cars and motorcycles for 8 years now and this makes NO sense!"
76561197973910046,Not Recommended,310560,33638997,Posted: 18 July,all,IgnasD,Do not play this unless you are a professional gamer and a rally car driver
,Not Recommended,310560,25854872,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,eobet,It looks like they sold out to Oculus and took an exclusivity deal. No Vive version is planned. :(That behavior is bad on consoles and doesn't belong on the PC platform at all. Do not support this.
,Recommended,310560,19547588,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,jonralf,I always question my life decision everytime I play this game10/10 will question again
76561198204688256,Not Recommended,310560,28847754,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Anetonon™,"Since I was not able to play the game in full screen because Nvidia haven't found a solution to this problem even after a year, i returned it. I shall now wait untill they fix the problem and maaaybe, just maybe I will buy this game some other time when/if they fixed the problem."
,Recommended,310560,28835383,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Total Coaster,I crashed my car a few times...
,Not Recommended,310560,29046388,Posted: 5 January,all,Laser Lettuce,"Cannot recommend this game if you're planning on using a controller.Unlike other racing games which try to simulate a regular manual transmission, the only manual transmission mode available for controllers is instead a ""sequential manual"", presumably trying to simulate a sequential manual transmission. Since it's sequential, you need to go into each gear before going into the next. So to go from 5th to 2nd under heavy breaking, you need to slowly go from out of 5th and into 4th, then out of 4th and into 3rd, and then finally out of 3rd and into 2nd. This wouldn't be too bad if the shifting wasn't painfully slow on all cars, even cars that have sequential manual gearboxes in real life that shift very quickly, instead of the 2 or so seconds that the game seems to take. This isn't required for wheels with an H-shifter, so it's not a weird engine limitation, but instead an arbitrary game design decision. Other games just work like an H-shifter even on a controller, so you can shift from any gear directly into any other gear, and there doesn't seem to be any advantage to doing it as a super slow strictly sequential shifter.Confusingly, if you hold downshift, the car will instantly jump from a higher gear into 1st gear, so the strict shifting behavior isn't even being applied consistently. This seems to have been patched in so that players can get into reverse a bit faster after crashing (through N first, of course), which looks to me like they have no plans on fixing the weird shifting style.tl;dr manual on a controller is stupid"
76561198071170067,Not Recommended,310560,31779238,Posted: 15 May,all,QISGOD1,"I loved Dirt 3 Complete Edition so i figured i should pick this up. Not only does it not have half the tracks, vehicals, or music but it also lacks decent turn controls and the graphics suck even at max settings in 4k. Ive litterally driven every vehicle and I cant even keep one of them on the track at 45mph. Maybe im just really bad at racing games but usually i dont do this poorly every race."
,Recommended,310560,23408018,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Nfsjunkie91,I like the it
,Recommended,310560,21095575,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Blackbird DK,Holy Grail!
76561198089642631,Not Recommended,310560,28811407,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RubarbPie,"I wsas really excited to play the game i wasnted to play for a while. But after downloading and installing it just crashes every time i want to load a race. It gives me no explanation, just crashes to desktop. I cannot find any troubleshoots online to fix the problem and i am getting NO help whatsoever from the devs. Really annoyed at this point."
76561198045246321,Not Recommended,310560,31773739,Posted: 15 May,all,GanjaNight,"This review is for the VR mode only.I bought that game in Steam to play it with HTC Vive in VR but that wont work, NO! It seems the game supports VR only for Oculus Rift. The developer has not included native Vive support. So if you want to play it with your Vive you have to buy it in Oculus store and play it with Revive. The VR tag in steam means you can play it in a #+#+#+*## .... totally useless cinema mode! I'm really angry about Codemasters to provide such a poor Vive support and about Steam which gave a VR tag to a game with no real Vive support. I feel cheated."
76561198027939426,Not Recommended,310560,28909772,Posted: 1 January,all,Pampers,"Is this a great game? If you are casual rally fan? no! If you are a hardcore race/rally nut with a full playseat with all the bells and whistles? Definitely!It's kind of like the Dark Souls of racing games, Punishing and unforgiving.You will have to learn a lot of driving techniques as Understeer management, weight transfer oversteer, pendulum oversteer, Left foot braking and precise control of the cars center of gravity in relation to the environment. And if you step out of line or overcorrect for just a millisecond then you will be planted firmly into the nearest non movable object. Though, it's effects seems a bit exaggeratedSo unfortunately driving with for example a Playstation controler is just not precise enough, especially when you have little to no artificial feel when it comes to griplevel or whether or not you are understeering. But with a good steering wheel and pedal setup will probably work great"
76561198405573708,Not Recommended,310560,34061991,Posted: 6 August,all,LAGENIG,"NO option to start this game in desktop mode without VR (if you have a headset conencted) without having to actually dissconnect the VR from the PC first!  Thats very annoying, and a deal breaker.  Very lazy that the DEVs did not place an option to start in NON VR! like P Cars did.Refund please.."
,Recommended,310560,19560277,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Detrial,My friend hates this game because its not Mario Kart.10/10 best ♥♥♥♥♥♥ friend identifier ever
,Recommended,310560,32929879,Posted: 28 June,all,Burebista,nice
76561198130877854,Recommended,310560,21080269,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Top Dawg,DiRT Rally? More like screenshot simulator..
76561198049825220,Recommended,310560,18888264,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CruX,Its like SKYRIM with CARS!!! :)
,Recommended,310560,31006706,Posted: 7 April,all,jacob_LB,+
,Recommended,310560,22762739,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,12foot12,"Not keyboard friendly at ALL, wich pisses me off considering it's a PC game. You have to, and I mean have to buy a steering wheel to play, keyboards just don't cut it. But I do love the game."
76561198061926705,Recommended,310560,23496753,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Dixopill,Superb game
,Recommended,310560,19556589,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,okeN,"Slid off the course on first corner, DNF entire event10/10"
,Recommended,310560,23479148,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,tried a pullup shat my pants :(,"fun, not the most realistic game but its not bad"
76561197996791527,Recommended,310560,19554911,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,benni_mac_b,Yes
,Recommended,310560,16014910,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Johnny,"Finally a good rally game where the devs know what the people want. Add more track, more car, PROPER career mode, oculus support and this can be the game of the year (for me at least)."
,Recommended,310560,16697826,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,iMp | NCJ,"The best Rally Simulator since RBR!PRO'S---------------------- Amazing sounds - best engine/exhaust sounds I've heard.- Good controller support- Realistic physics, best since RBR in a Rally gameCON'S---------------------- Only a small selection of tracks/cars so far- FFB is currently acting weird on G27, it's still playable though"
,Not Recommended,310560,24804578,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,neural,"Just RallyCross on Multiplayer mode. :(((((.The game is very nice though, much more difficult to play than DIrt 2 or 3. It's more like a simulator."
,Not Recommended,310560,28489121,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,shawnbaisden,WARNING does not work with high end equipment at least not my Accuforce and HPP pedals
76561198043380288,Recommended,310560,23225012,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,dingo,super fast
76561198080253300,Recommended,310560,29112950,Posted: 8 January,all,wizaut2weells,"Mybe not worth 49.99 EUR,  but its realy good and HARD, damege is good, B grupe car are fast so after them every car is a tourtus. Rallycross is fun but not much to it because lack of corses. Hillclimb is bit usles because 1 course and 3 layouts, cars also lack. But you will have a great time while driving and it does it the best. I like it."
,Recommended,310560,35139204,Posted: 22 September,all,Wasp,legit no one can play this game but me because I'm best
,Recommended,310560,29120229,Posted: 8 January,all,jaiss585,"Really fun and almost realistic. A good game, of course better than Dirt 3. The copilot should be improved however."
,Recommended,310560,20063860,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,daStef,"""braaaaaAAAAAAAAAP"" - Evo X, 201510/10"
,Recommended,310560,30256749,Posted: 1 March,all,xFoxDeath,Cool as hell
,Not Recommended,310560,25672073,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Lurkz,"Still no Vive support for 2 months, will change my review as soon as it's updated so that everyone can play in VR."
76561197981125828,Not Recommended,310560,24287281,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,N3rv3s82,Boo to Oculus exclusivity! Your tearing apart PC gaming! I will no longer support codemasters.
,Recommended,310560,19549405,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,palma,"Dirty Rally is an action racing game made by South African developer studio Coder Masters. It's been in Early Access since 2011 so it has been quite the rollercoaster ride for them to finally have the game get released. In 2013 the project was put to a standstill due to the controversial decision to put in extremely graphic and gory deaths and explosions. Valve simply disabled further sales of the title until Coder Masters removed these offensive features.Dirty Rally is best played with amouse and keyboard, mainly because you need cherry switches to be able to max out your power slide meter in tight corners. People will shill for expensive joysticks and ""gamer-turbo seats"" but they are ♥♥♥♥ing morons, don't listen to these people.On a scale of 10 I really want to give this game an 8 or 9 due to the extensive character creation portion but it falls flat on the fact that there are no other cars than rally cars. Some realistic sports cars and tarmac maps to do lap races would have been cool and it's something to be expected from racing games like this one. Maybe they'll add that later. Also you can't close down the game you have to shut down your computer (check the discussions page for this game its appearently the developers ""creative direction""). I give this game a 6/10."
76561198087584983,Not Recommended,310560,24785902,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,garybie46,"This game is visually breathtaking.The game is very difficult , the AI on this game is unbeatable even on the so called easy mode.At first you lose a lot and its seems to be a trend that you have to lose in order to get better. It does eventually happen that you start to get good and win races  but then you encouter another car either it been 4wd or rwd and the process starts all over again.I remember Colin Mcrae 2.0, what a fantastic game fun and enjoyable all those years ago.The level of difficulty of this game outweighs the enjoyment factor which in my opinion is what a game should be about."
76561198327656953,Not Recommended,310560,31730990,Posted: 13 May,all,KatyB3,the game was not very good on the brake so its very hard to corner
76561198123319194,Recommended,310560,31698867,Posted: 12 May,all,KiTy,brap! brap! brap! brap! brap! brap! brap! brap! brap! braaaaaaaaaaapppp!!!!!! braaaaaaaaaaapppp!!!!!! braaaaaaaaaaapppp!!!!!! stutututut braaaaaaaaaaapppp!!!!!! braaaaaaaaaaapppp!!!!!! stututu
76561198061815441,Recommended,310560,19551226,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,crazycupmuffin,"What the heck are you looking down here for? You know it's amazing! So stop dilly-dallying, and go give them all your money!!!"
76561198141982057,Recommended,310560,23983430,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Libéreza,轰出油门的那一刻就傻了，直线都走不稳了啊喂， 我怎么感觉我在玩古惑狼赛车
,Not Recommended,310560,32070492,Posted: 30 May,all,*WWK* BinqDesign,Still can't pass my car practical
76561197997878492,Recommended,310560,19559556,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,motorboyreigns,5/5 Enough said.
,Recommended,310560,17802751,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,GuiguiBlitz,"I loved Dirt2 and hated Showdown, and this one is realy good for people loking for a good rally simulator. Once you get used to not wining every race, unilike previous Dirt, it is realy fun and challenging. And amazing graphics."
,Recommended,310560,15720029,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,IēsoúsChristosIsKyriosTheós,"Yes, yes, and more yes! This game is so on-point!! One of the best racing games I've ever played. Also one of the funnest games I've ever played!"
76561198038180102,Recommended,310560,17727983,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Ponlets,Well all in all its a fun racing game and brings back the feel of Collin Mc Rea Dirt but with better graphics and physics the ONE problem i have and the DEVS never fix or hear about (so it seems) is the delay of the shifting of gears... for example when i spun out i used my paddle shifters and there was a delay as i had to waid for the driver in the game to do the action before the next action and if they made it so the action happened as fast as i pushed the buttons i would love this game but this delay makes it unplayable for me and i feel if other people found out about it they would be disgruntled and not like the experience (why would they add this delay to begin with) over all with the game as it is with the delay in the shifting 6/10 but if they fixed it so it would shift right when i push the button it would be a 9/10 (i cant win if i have to wait for the driver to do it as he is too slow)
,Not Recommended,310560,22359651,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SlightlyBearded,"Did I enjoy the game, yesWas the game pretty, yesDid I crash a lot, yesDid it get fustrating, yesIs this one of the best rally sims, yesSadly, for me this game doesn't offer enough tracks or cars, the price tag is a little steep for the low amount of content. I would re-purchace this again in the future if the amount of content was to rise"
76561198120250884,Not Recommended,310560,26125943,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,StoneyGraph117,coming into this game expecting it to be like the other dirt games and got my but spanked. this game is way to difficult for the casual player and left me frustrated because i could never go fast without spining out and crashing. really disipointed coming from dirt 3.
,Not Recommended,310560,31292596,Posted: 22 April,all,Maj0r Muffin,"i didn't like it as much as DiRT2 or 3. I know, they have different target groups but if your honest... this game really isn't as good as everyone says. I really wanted to like it but its no fun to play at all."
,Recommended,310560,16144302,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,r1k1,"Really a good driving game, worth to the last cent. Graphics are awesome, game is well optimized. Would def. recommend if you're looking into best rally game on steam."
76561198007204489,Not Recommended,310560,24139656,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ace,So I think Ive put in enough hours to say that this game sucks. The graphics are awesome the controls are smooth but the gameplay is just too difficult. There is no forgiveness and it makes things very frustrating. I dont want to be a world class rally cross driver but you need to be to have any kind of success at this game especially if you dont play many racing games. I would not recomend you buy this game unless your prepared for endless hours of frustration
,Not Recommended,310560,31736769,Posted: 13 May,all,DinnerLadyMan,Too damn hard. If you want it to be really difficult and spend hours getting to third place then this is for you.
76561198020558790,Recommended,310560,15586010,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,JFT96,DIRT RALLY  is king..
76561198037726618,Not Recommended,310560,28942352,Posted: 2 January,all,duck03,??? controls to HTC Vive ???
,Not Recommended,310560,34862637,Posted: 10 September,all,Azana,"micro stuttering makes it unplayable, only way to fix it is to unplug my wheel (G27) but that defeats the point of the game."
76561198136128065,Not Recommended,310560,25900112,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,pedjamil70,Do you recommend game? yes and no.No online racing like Rroomexp. or wrc4.missing other players.Rally-crros not counting.
76561198000358597,Not Recommended,310560,35271880,Posted: 28 September,all,vlastovka,"This is the second most frustrating game I have played (after Dead Rising 1). I know I can't finish a track on first or second try. But after 10 unsuccessful attempts to reach finish line I am raging and turning off the game. And this happens even during easy Germany rally on tarmac. Suddenly car gets uncontrollable and spins around. No amount of training / practice could fix that. One solution would be to drive slowly at leisure pace but then you can forget about any progress in career or online play.I played with a gamepad. It was nightmare. Maybe with a steering wheel I would actually have fun and be able to have control of my car and stay on road.From techical side, graphics is good, performance decent but unfortunately game is not stable. It crashed many times for me. Also it has problems staying on full screen, in some situations it switches from full screen to windowed mode."
,Not Recommended,310560,33994738,Posted: 3 August,all,Ｓｌｉｐｐｉｎ＇Jimmy,Game crashes too often.
,Recommended,310560,27317961,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Casual,The best and most realistc rally game ive ever played. Thats pretty much all Ive got.I will be spending money on wheel and VR when I become rich :)
,Recommended,310560,30244778,Posted: 28 February,all,Luke,Good game.
,Not Recommended,310560,26018270,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,this is dog :o3,Doesn't support the Vive.
76561198150910877,Not Recommended,310560,24236907,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CheluNeb1,"A rally game should be about physics and handling.Codemasters didn't do a good job with it. The cars feels like rocks on ice. It's like you don't even have tires to maintain the grip. Actually, it doesn't feel like the physics took into account that the car has 4 wheels. It simply feels like you are in control of a big rock.Apart from the visual features, the game is overrated."
76561198143999989,Not Recommended,310560,30349119,Posted: 5 March,all,felix,"what a waste of money... impossible, frustrating, infuriating... But let me start at beginning, here's my original dirt rally experience:""I just crashed, oh again, oh again. oh now i just lost control and spun around, oh no i crashed again, oh lost control again, oh crashed again, mmh i wonder, how can i♥♥♥♥♥♥i just crashed again, maye if i-♥♥♥♥, just crashed again, but how the ♥♥♥♥ am i supoosed to-god ♥♥♥♥ing damnit, lost control again, wtf is wrong this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥crashed again!... ... ...""and yeah. thats it. thats basically the whole game. thats all about it. if this sounds like fun to you, go ahead, buy it.Oh and if youre really really stupid, you might wanna spend another 3 figure amount on a steerin wheel. then, and only then, and only maybe, this game could be something remotely similar to actual fun. maybe"
76561197971839101,Not Recommended,310560,20104099,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,FinalXX,"In this review, I'll first go through some good points with this game, and then some negatives, while trying to bring on me own opinions with as much justifications as I humanly can.Starting with positive remarks, the game is very well done technically, and physics, grips, damage simulation and such are all done professionally. Graphics are also perfectly fine for this type of game, without being too demading for medius level gaming platforms. This is the best Simulation rally game in a long time, so hard core rally gamers will love it, if they have huge amount of real or simulated rally experience, a modern simulation environment including a medium to high end wheel, pedals and gear shifter, well spec'd screen or many of them, and so on.However, for casual gamers for me, this is simply too demanding to be Fun. However, if you are a casual gamer, without extensive experience from rally or driving games, but you like being punished and get weird pleasure from suffering, then this game can also be recommended for you. The amount of punishment from failure is just uncanny. If you make a mistake and like to restart, you get punished in game financially. If you drive off track and have to reset vehicle, you get +15sec, and if you get a wheel puncture, oh dear, that 1min30sec penalty right there. And how about flashback that you used to get? Nope, because that may make this game too approachable for less talented individuals, such as me! Difficulty levels are also a joke, as I struggle to get top 3 even with Open class, but since I did somehow, I got promoted to a higher class and difficulty, which make competition as fun as water boarding. Think you can just go back and choose a lower difficulty? Well think again, since the game decides it for you, because you are obviously not smart enough to choose for yourself!Some of you will defend the game by saying that it will challenge you to get better. Well, not if I don't get encouraged to play the game it won't! Why would I want to practice some game, if it's not fun? It's like telling me to practice my pain threshold by stabbing myself in the face. It's just isn't fun, and actually don't make any sense at all. High difficulty level doesn't make any sense either, as you wouldn't put a beginner side to side with a pro either. It's not simulation, it's madness. It's doesn't help that AI doesn't make any mistakes (judged by the amazing time it posts consistently), so it doesn't feel like you are competing with even remotely human drivers, more like you are playing against a excel table. Does that sounds fun and immersing? If it does, either you need to get your head examined, or you need to buy this game right now! Also if I want to be ""realistically"" punished for my mistakes every time I crash into a tree, I might as well smash my face into a concrete wall. But since I don't want to get punished, not really, that why I don't drive for real, but buy a game. At least that's I though, but amazingly enough, crashing in this game hurts more than if you crash for real, so if that is what you call a simulation, then I'll just be going to find a video game, thank you very much.Now, I'll try not be unreasonable, and say that for those hardcore drivers, this will be a perfect game to set each others apart. On-line tournament  with friends or other peers will undoubtedly be fun, as you can seriously test your skill, and separate the pros from true masters, without being afraid that someone can beat you long with just beginners luck. However, I can't see why the developers couldn't let you choose to turn on some help (flashback anyone?) in single player off-line game, where you can choose to earn less in-game credit, but at least the game will be more forgiving to beginners, and you will experience something that can be described remotely as fun. That way, hardcore racing drivers and gamers can still turn off the assistants, but as least us less godly games can also decide to turn some help on, instead for the developers to decide completely to ignore the casual games by disabling almost all features that can ease you into the game, instead of smacking you in the face with a tactical nuclear missile instantly when turning the game on for the first time.Now, I wouldn't be complaining, unless they actually charge you money for this, without literally putting a sign, warning you that this will not be an enjoying game for anyone whose name does not begin with Sebastien, and ending with Loeb. It is a great simulator, one of the best rally simulator I ever encountered, but a video game casual gamers can enjoy? Nope! Go back to you toy cars and come back after you have won at least a world rally championship or two in real life, and then try this game again."
76561198065224663,Not Recommended,310560,26368230,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Swag King Kong,6/10 I feel like the handbrake is wayyyyyyyyyyyyyy to exaggerated and makes for a very unrealistic game. Handbrake should not be able to stop you faster than normal brakes and definitly should not expidite cornering potential.
,Not Recommended,310560,30237868,Posted: 28 February,all,Hannes9541,This Game is on one Hand good but on the other side total♥♥♥♥♥♥there are some bugs still in the game! one time i was in second over all position. so im driving on the last snow stage and in one corner i got a lot of understeer and was braking and went with 5 mph in a tree than the game just said that the car was destroyed and the event is over ... by the way there was almost no damage at all. the corner cut detection is also total shiton a rallycross stage ive made a mistake and cut the corner by half of an meter with my outer tire and roll and came to a total stop than i drove on and still got a corner cut penalty without having any advantege in the race ... and here and there are all these little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t things that are just no fun at all. and the multiplayer is just ... no need to talk about it just bad
76561197980407488,Not Recommended,310560,22403371,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Leafy,"VR support is broken in 1.1, do not buy."
76561197964693540,Not Recommended,310560,28929271,Posted: 1 January,all,Angry Welshman,"With all the hype about this game and the labelling by codies as more of a SIM, I had hopes this would be similar to Richard Burns Rally. I couldn't have been more wrong.  It is just another standard dirt game with tweaked graphics and handling."
,Not Recommended,310560,28576076,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,BeatenWang,Game sucks just use cheat engine 6.6 to beat.Don''t buy
76561197998110446,Not Recommended,310560,29264400,Posted: 14 January,all,nielsclyde,"Awsome when it works, which is very seldom. I have to re-aaisgn controls every time, RaceNet service seems to be down more than not, customer service is useless.It's too bad because without the plethera of problems it would be top notch."
76561198156433751,Not Recommended,310560,32835078,Posted: 26 June,all,mountaindew267,"This ranks as one of the worst racing games I've ever played soley because of the steering mechanics. When you're using a controller, the game tries to include the time it takes to turn the wheel the other direction. This seems like it would be more realistic, but in reality, it just feels like I'm trying to play 30 frames behind which is practically impossible. The problem with the delay is fixed by using a racing wheel and pedals, but there's a huge deadzone in the middle even when I set it to have no deadzone at all and to be 100% linear. This makes small adjustments impossible. I've beaten many racing games before, but I spent 30 minutes just trying to make it through the first run in the game with this one. The only game that has a worse steering mechanic is NFS2015"
76561197966335606,Not Recommended,310560,29560024,Posted: 29 January,all,2KB|Medda (SWE),"This game is very beautiful and it sure looks like they put a lot of effort to it. But  all the things they got visually right, they miss in the storyline and management. You can not style your own car in any way. And the management of your ""crew"" is only bothersome. The ""garage"" doesnt feel like a garage. Maybe you have to be a car freak to understand all the settings for your car. But us regular players are not car setting pros. We play videogames, not driving rally cars on our freetime lol.I had fun playing this game for 15h, but then it just is not fun anymore. The game is pretty hard in the beginning before you get the hang of your controls and car. But I manage to get it working for me and I win some races.But there is no easy setup to play against your friends afaik. Like it would be fun if you could just join a race or track and play vs other players. but like driving on the same time on the same roads with all the physics in place.Well I bought this game because I felt I wanted to drive. Be it super mario cart or wc2 or this dirt rally. But it's not worth even 20$ that I payed on the xmas sale.Worth mention is that I played this on my keyboard, which I believe is not the ultimate setup lol. But I'm not very happy with this product so I would not recommend this one. I would recommend this for you who like rally games if you could buy the game for 10$.Peace and Love!"
,Not Recommended,310560,24751295,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,THR3AT_246,unfortanatley ive paid  all this money and my game dosent even get past the start up logo.....boy am i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right now!!
76561197998719473,Not Recommended,310560,31758334,Posted: 14 May,all,sushisanjuan,"Uncomfortable in VR, but fun gameplay."
76561198126684604,Not Recommended,310560,25295771,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,HawkAwesome caserandom.com,"This game is so frustrating....I have to retry 1 stage like 20 times in order to only finish 1st in the clubman championship of rally (clubman being the 2nd difficulty...theres still pro, elite, and master ahead to do)...It really becomes a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when you actually try your hardest for like 5 hours...and u only get passed 2-3 set of staged if you are good at the game....I've been playing straight up hardcore racing games for like a decade and a half, and this game brang me to my knees...actually forcing me to buy a new controller it frustrated me so much...In conclusion....don't buy it...if you are a perfectionnist like me and you wanna finish the game 100%....otherwise if you like being last every time go ahead and feel free to buy it, without mentionning that there are pikes peak hillclimb and rallycross championships....this♥♥♥♥♥♥gets rlly to annoying and its just way to hard; i regret every single penny i wasted on that game, thanks for nothing codemasters."
,Not Recommended,310560,28153820,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,dj_tomyn2,this game is terrible. ive been trying to play this for almost two weeks and i still cant even place higher then tenth place. now dont get me wrong. the physics and graphics are absolutly aewsome. the way they figure how to transfer vehicle physics into this game is truly good but its also to much. i cant dedicate my life to learning how to adjust my vehicle weight over the proper axle with right speed and gear and braking and weather and vehicle whip and is my care fwd or is my car rwd  and doing that whle trying to listen carefully to the guy sitting next to you telling you the next three turns. its cool that these rally racers are cable of doing this but thats after years of experience. i cant dedicate that much time to a game. so my advice to anyone whos looking for a game that they can play every once and awhile without getting upset. buy something else.
,Not Recommended,310560,15672858,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ill_slap_u,"this game still feels like dirt 3 as far as the driving mechanic goes. which is not a bad thing.but it definetly needs a few things for it to be marketed betterPractice modesreal world race timesit needs 5 times the cars.IF i were a part of the dev team i would aim towards a more arcade like game.i would also focus on getting ready for an online release because the offline modes now do not show any hope for a successful multiplayer game.Once again i really think that this platform is closer to dirt 3 rather than forza. with that being said this game is going to need some arcade aspects put into it-------edit6/23/15-----------switching from thumb down to up.great job. loving the online competitions and the new rally mode or practice mode whatever.really loving practice modepractice. lolone thing, when you see your event standing on the current monthly event, the number one player is is vehicle n/a and the user is n/a...the time on his vehichle is 90 seconds faster than me when i completed a race pretty quick with no wrecks. --this is important for player like me who love getting competitvecan we look into this and make sure its not bugged?thanks to the dev team keep it upedit 6/26/15-------------------------the highscore table or event standing for online events needs to have a total number of players on the leaderboard, for example i am in position 400 of how many? that will help me determine how well i am doing compared to everyone, not just compared to the guys on the top page, which you do have a button for.edit 12/4/15this is my favorite game on my pc. lol like 120 hours logged now or something.A.I. is ridiculous. no way i am getting beat by 30 seconds on any 4400m track in finland.other than that this game is perfectedit-1/17/16this game is not worth 60 dollars. tracs are repetive and there really is no motive to play after you have seen the 5 or 6 countries to race is. multiplayer could have made this 10/10, instead its some rally cross ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that is onbly worth about 4/10,game is worth 15 bucks max"
76561197970602898,Not Recommended,310560,26587666,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ARLH,"Without a doubt this is the best rally car game out there currently, only because the rally car game genre is so starved of anything that can be even remotely classed as quality. What ruins this game for me is the lack of rally locations. There is only a total of 6 to chose from, there should be a bare minimum of 20 locations. This is a deal breaker for me. I’m not interested in the rally cross, the hillclimb is a nice addition but does not make up for the lack of locations. From what I can tell there will be no DLC and the game can’t be modded. This game gets old very fast, how bout another spin around greece for the 900th time yay hipp hipp hurra !It is also brutally punishing if you make a mistake, for instance if you go off track you can count that stage as loss ranking lower than 5th get a puncture and its end of the line. I’m not that bad at this game however the best position I seem to get is only ever 3rd after the entire event.Having a steering wheel does not help either, in fact ironically it make it more difficulty to use than a controller. I have a Thrustmaster T500 RS and a Xbox 360 controller. Now think about this for a minute the rally stages have multiple turns many more than what you would find on a standard race track also compared to a race track driving a rally stage requires many more steering alterations to compensate for the sliding/drifting/surface effect of rally stages. How this translates in reality with a steering wheel is that you are constantly having to turn the wheel left/right sometimes violently and you have to be very quick with turning the wheel. With a controller it is much more easier to turn the wheel to the lock position as distance is short with the thumb-stick. But you will inevitably get a tired left thumb in the end.  All in all it is considerably harder to use a steering wheel with this game and simply put the juice is not worth the squeeze.For a penny shy of 40 shekels I just cannot recommend this game as there is not enough replay value in it and ultimately its a rip off. I paid around 20 shekels back in early access so I don’t feel too hard done by."
76561197994958484,Not Recommended,310560,29944917,Posted: 15 February,all,IngvarR,"Absolutely terrible, still cant get wheel and pedals to work properly. Too much hassle without any results, done with this!"
76561198032353181,Not Recommended,310560,22328618,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Rayt,The controls and the way the car feels is too arcadish.  There is an annoying bug at the menu that resets your wheel buttons.  The career mode feels more like a grind.  I should have realised that codemasters are milking it again.  Sadly there is no other real competitor out there as far as rally sim goes.
76561197961647752,Not Recommended,310560,24775547,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,rafaelmgs,"Unrewarding, no free practice/casual mode... boring, regret what I paid for it... even with the oculus rift is no fun...... CRAP!!! WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!"
76561198036181849,Not Recommended,310560,22729885,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ElCabrito,"The trees in any of the snowy tracks are terrible. The quality of the corresponding graphics is evenbelow that of Dirt 3.Sure, many enhancements are present (amazing sound, great visuals of the cars, and others). But to me,a game that is worse than its predecessor, in any aspect,(particularly when the predecessor was done years ago)is just unacceptable. The graphics of the trees in snowy tracks just make you angry. I hope Codemasters do something about it. Itgreatly damages a game that is otherwise better in many aspects than the previous ones. On a less urgent note,I really miss the minimap. And my guess is that many others do as well. It wasa great assistance for those of us who don't like the co-pilot speech or the untimely arrows on the front of the screen."
76561198101377714,Not Recommended,310560,23627944,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,surfysimon,"I can see this could be a great game, but im over it. I am trying to do the career mode from the start and do it properly with no assists and was really enjoying it. Until half way through the first rally championship season in the mini it wont save, no matter what i do. I have completed the season and won it, and then went on to win a rally cross championship bought new cars, but the moment i save(well thats waht it says it supposed to be doing) and exit and next time i start game my career is reset back to the middle of first season in the mini. I can tell you i did it again and won, thought maybe it was a glitch, but i can honestly say after it having down it 4 times in a row, i frankly quite sick of it, as i cant progress any further unless i finish this god dam game in one sitting. Please fix this problem. Im over it"
76561197990292076,Not Recommended,310560,27965976,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,haksaw,"trying to play this game with a keyboard is crazy, never been so frustrated before, takes forever to brake and steering keys are to sensitive and car spins out of control with ease. Mabye there is a way to change difficulty that I don't know of yet,THey made Dirt 3 so much easier and fun to play"
,Not Recommended,310560,24495449,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,billboy05,"Without a rally school to practice and hone skills its a frustrating game to play.You need to grind on full courses and experience the frustrations of messing up again and again. This is something that happens I know, but there should be a sandbox training school as to not waste so much time messing up a track because of the steap learning curve.And for a game in 2016, with so many other cheaper games with a lot more content, it seems the content in this game is lacking.If you can handle the frustrations you might see over the lack of content for the fun of mastering tracks and cars."
,Recommended,310560,15582630,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,OneShotSniper95,Started... Crashed on first corner..10/10: Will crash again
76561198164972945,Not Recommended,310560,23733859,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,JesusChristPT,Game is amazing...Can't play because of stutters...  ruins everything...Sort that out and it's flawless.
76561198095158174,Not Recommended,310560,24419496,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,JollyGreenGiant,"Game is incredibly fun . . . when it works atleast. Game crashes about once every 30 minutes, and when it is working I spend more time on loading screens than I do racing. Don't think its my computer either because its got pretty decent specs."
76561198261758240,Not Recommended,310560,22352843,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,terrycro,"As this game evidently will not function with a joystick, (Logitec Extreme 3D Pro) I can't play it.Very disappointing, as this was not made known as far as I am aware."
76561197973206689,Not Recommended,310560,29996744,Posted: 17 February,all,helznicht,"Step 1) Release Steam Early Access version with little content to fund development from Steam usersStep 2) Develop Oculus Rift compatibilityStep 3) Develop Console Vesions with full contentStep 4) Develop Linux VersionStep 5) Alienate Steam Vive Users by refusing to even acknowledge the VR device the customers who actually funded development use, and originally put Codemasters back in the black..........Step 6) Profit."
,Not Recommended,310560,21802382,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,MaBep,Developers got enough money during prerelease sales and decided not to finish the game - 6 countries is a joke...
76561198122636406,Not Recommended,310560,22305205,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Infinity Josh,"This game is a total DELUSION for me.I bought this game when it was in early access because I TRUSTED Codemasters (I am long time fan and I have many games inside Steam and outside it Codemasters branded) I would have been ""part of the team"" during their developing time.They said they would listen us but they DID NOT, I tried all, writing messages to hub and writing in special online events, but they NEVER answered me.I purposed some things to improve this game like doing real ADVENTUROUS tracks that give real DiRT RALLY spirit not the boring maps they did or making FUN mods not the x-rally or pikes peak mods that are HILARIOUS.RESULT?-BUGGY, VERY BUGGY and NOT BALANCED GAMEPLAY (lol they released a 17 GB patch without resolving anything well)-BAD TRACKS (and just 6)-UNOPTIMIZED GRAPHICS (the overall sensation is better in DiRT 3 and it explains all)DO NOT BUY THIS GAME  and!!! STOP TO TRUST CODEMASTERS !!!"
76561198100832504,Not Recommended,310560,26211935,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ph3n0,"- STEP AWAY if you´re only a Casual Driver. (like me)If you want to have fun you must be a Hardcore Rally fan or you need to learn hours for making good Car Setups by your own, cause Game won´t give you the best Presets automatically.Also AI is Cheating, Events got differrent kinds of Underground Settings, but the same AI is always the best on every track with same Car......If you want just jump in an have fun in a Casual Race don´t buy it, otherwise you just get frustrated....- Penalties for making Restarts.....totally senseless since you can just Restart the whole Game.......- 90% of driving is just sliding around...not really Realistic...also Steering is totally out of another Dimenson...only 45 degrees maximum steering.. WTF!- NO whole MOD Support, only Cars yet."
,Not Recommended,310560,29009389,Posted: 4 January,all,HOSHI®,No official HTC Vive support.
,Not Recommended,310560,24171084,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sergey,The Driving in this game has no control. just put me on ice and I sure my walk be better time lap then in this game
76561198028755808,Not Recommended,310560,31741767,Posted: 14 May,all,Sykoticz,"ProsVery nice looking game and sounds are amazingCons:Cant full turn your wheel, limited online.Would not recommend to someone with a wheel it is more suited for a controller.Requested a refund after 40 mins of playing it."
76561198020471816,Not Recommended,310560,20314724,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,four loko,cant use any of the regular rally cars on pikes peak. The re-play ability of PP is low because you can only use 1 car class on it. Will change review if fixed..
,Not Recommended,310560,20571767,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,^1BOT BLKE,horrible wish i could get a refund
,Not Recommended,310560,22150231,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,seecs2011,"Do not buy if you want anything resembling a playable Dirt game. Claims to be realistic, which it may be, but makes it impossible to play for the casual player. I am typically excellent at racers, but this game is awful. I have finally played every mode in hopes of finding at least one to warrant my purchase of this game and none of them are playable. Unfortunately that means no refund for me."
76561198004355448,Not Recommended,310560,24572204,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Skullbucket,"Oh yeah, this game is so bloody accurate, drift so much as 2 feet from the road and you will not have a chance to correct, you'll be auto-spawned back on the road. It's rerealistic mechanics mean if you get stuck on a berm in just the right place, you won't have to worry--not only do you not have the option to recover your vehicle, but the auto reset won't kick in, and you'll have that joy of having to reboot the game. Tired of listening to the one same voice belting instructions at you? don't worry, you'lll get irate with the same canned response, over and over again."
76561198061474387,Not Recommended,310560,23615202,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,D4Nt3,"Amazing and immersive graphics. The livery on the cars is spot on.The only issue I have is the controls.The game is virtually unplayable if you don't own a steering wheel. The physics need some fine tuning as well.Overall, not recommended."
76561198085430450,Not Recommended,310560,31786443,Posted: 16 May,all,Blind Luck Inc.,"Well hyped game, totally sold me 3 copies!Major cons:1) cant see why it uses 50 GB of disc.2) Very poor multiplayer.3) realistic, but very difficult indeed. very far from ""going home after work and relax a bit"".Uninstalled."
76561198369312953,Not Recommended,310560,33108578,Posted: 1 July,all,louiesenpai,"Shout out to my boy N. Beck from Germany winning every race.This is a game only for the elites. If you like to go fast, this game is not for you. You either lose the race because you have to make sure you avoid every single bump, curve, obstacle, dip, crest, hairpin, etc, or you lose because you go too fast. There's no learning curve, no pun intended, and the tutorial is just a nice way to show you all the cool stuff you're not going to be able do."
76561198272069873,Not Recommended,310560,32878066,Posted: 27 June,all,Safety_First,this game is very hard if you dont hav a controller
,Not Recommended,310560,22449431,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Azael,:/
76561197976251294,Not Recommended,310560,22437691,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,zarker99,"The least fun I've ever had in a rally game. unsatisfying, fake, fantasy game. Probably great on a console as the un-turn-offable steering assist is just what those stupid little controllers need."
,Not Recommended,310560,28412276,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dillinger,"Physics feels pretty good, but the game is ridiculously repetitive and lacks a feeling of progress. 10 bucks world be an OK price. Would not recommend."
76561198119788494,Not Recommended,310560,26474809,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,blackhawkfalled,"Though this is an outstanding Racing game which offers unique and professional experience,I must say the cancel of flashback is a step backward.The controling of the vehicle is a lot harder without the help of recommending race line, But it seems Codemaster isn't satisfied with their genious decision, so they removed the flashback system either, making the most welcoming system in casual players which saved us a lot time in praciting some difiicult cornering without experiencing the verbose process by restarting the whole race and drive to that corner, failing again and again.  Wasted us too much time.By the way, the track length of this game is much longer than Dirt3 too, making a single mistake made by yourself very frustrating cuz it just ruined all perfect cornering you have done b4.Why I want flashback?(I think I'm not the single player who wants it, right?)It's the most creative invention in the Racing game industry,which offers casual player (who doesn't have a lot of time playing games) to enjoy the most outstanding race replay he has made by himself, without a lot of time practicing in this game. It offers a easy stair for us to get familiar with the best moment to use brake and throttle in the each corner, without the need to get ourselves addicted to this game.I don't think the lack of Gymkhana and landrush makes this game unperfect, in fact it's already perfect only with its rally experience.But the lack of flashback system totally ruined its fame among casual players. Which only allows us to watch others playres with a ♥♥♥♥ bucket throwing their life time again and again on this game, then finally given out a perfect video of each track.Yes, we can do this too, but at least for myself, I think I'm an experienced Dirt3 player already with the help of Flashback(Though I rarely used it after I'm used to each track of Dirt3, but it's a really long process, about 100hrs of time on Games for Windows platform, ) , then I still spend 1.5hr to do a perfect track run(I think it's perfect for myself cuz I take the right brake, throttle and steering time I can imagine ), which is totally too long for a starter to get familiar with the charm of this game! It's totally game breaking experience after you fail, fail, fail and restart, restart restart again and again!"
76561198264525586,Not Recommended,310560,35311206,Posted: 29 September,all,cjc74,I'm totally amazed why so many people like this game because it handles very badly ... some reviews for dirt 4 claim the handling is much improved ... i say some because the ones who say the handling is easier in dirt 4 & claim the handling was better in dirt rally are probably elitist ... WR6 has better graphics & excellent handling although it is almost impossible to beat the times of any opponent produced by the game you just drive by yourself anyways then try to do the best you can just for fun with no effect on the accessibility to drive all the routes ... dirt rally was an entire waste of money for myself ... this game is honestly not worth playing if it is free ... seriously ... I'm looking forward to trying dirt 4 though just for the improved handling ... how do the producers of this game produce this game after many predecessors where the handling is so annoyingly impossible to just drive down some basically straight road because the bumps are way over emphasized & the car just looks really disappointing going all over the road in the replays as a result ... WR7 is supposed to be out soon too ... Rally evo had the worst oversteering ... WR6 is the best right now in my opinion & it has tons of tracks although i forget how many { around 70 } ... dirt 4 may be the best i just have not tried it although i wonder why so many previews show only autumn scenarios & that would be really strange in the spring time ... dirt rally is my biggest regret buying at half price just because it is so annoying.
76561198148615109,Not Recommended,310560,22353782,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,BloodyForeigner,"I know, I should have read System Requirements but I have never done it. I Can play any games, no problem so why would I?Well, this time I cannot play this game because I have window 32bit.Answer form Codemasters: Thank you for submitting your request to ... Dirt Rally will only run on 64 bit versions of Windows I'm afraid, it will not run on 32 bit versions.WELL DONE CODEMASTERS ;-("
76561198032238325,Not Recommended,310560,23332681,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,SAUCISSON,"This game is not finished : many bugs, ♥♥♥♥ing copilot (ex : go left instead of right in Greece) and not enough content."
76561198201025587,Not Recommended,310560,33057122,Posted: 30 June,all,Topnotch Superbest,"This game has the worst AI of any driving game i have played in the last ten years. So bad i tested it. In 100 starts at the lydden hill rallycross circuit, i was killed by the AI 100 times. Literally impossible to make a good start. Cars handle like crack-addled rhinos."
,Not Recommended,310560,22833468,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,David,"Most annoying and unforgiving racing game.If you can withstand tiny errors or misunderstanding the co-pilot leading to massive time losses and damaging the car then it's a great game.If not, stick to DiRT 2"
,Not Recommended,310560,24307744,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Blo0p,"Played since early access, huge fan of rally sims. Loved how this game played, pure rally no ""bro factor"" like other rally games out there. Sadly codemasters seems to be going the Occulus exclusive route...Peripheral exclusives is not okay. We want VR to succeed and that requires an open market across all manufacturers.I'll reconsider my review if we get some Vive compatibility, downloading a third party hack to be able to run occulus exclusives doesn't count as compatibility.I'm disappointed in codemasters. The open market is what helped them launch this game with early access, getting funding from us... and then they turn their backs on us and take a paycheck from facebook instead."
,Not Recommended,310560,20339522,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,MiaMiaMiYa,"First I have to make it clear:It is one of the BEST games I have ever played, and perhaps the BEST rally game ever made.And there is no need to say how well it is, as there are so many recommending this game:the beautiful background, the real feel and the great achievement after finishing a whole race.I am not saying this game is bad, but not recommending this game (though I am still recommending this game to my friends and trying to make them as mad as me XP)YET it is not a good game made for playing,because I am feeling necessarily urgent to buy a steering wheel simulator that is much more expensive than this game itself.Game controller is full supported, yet far not enough for this game.I now feel pretty proud of myself when finishing some simple tracks with several seemingly skilled turns.Yet I am still getting mad when crushing into continuous turns in lvl 4 or 5 or 6 or even small turns that my navigator dismisses to speak.Those kinds of small turns that do not even need a drift should be easy enough with a steer wheel,but NEVER have I succeeded to get through those disgusting roads using a game controller in satisfying speed or without crush in my practice of over 10 hours,as a game controller works either too much for an exact turn or too little for the machine to sense.Just imagine the feeling to play games such as CSGO or the shooing part of GTA5 using a game controller.Not to say it when I am trying to get back to the middle of the road;I cannot help pushing the rocker in full left or right even with over 20 hours of practice,and the car is drifting and flying on the road! XPEven though, I consists to practice for this game,for it is really really a good game.And please forgive my poor English use. It is not my first language."
76561198070049965,Not Recommended,310560,23830191,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ALeX_W0rreL,Great game!but don´t buy if you want to use mouse and keyboard ...
,Not Recommended,310560,20503165,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Kounsel,"Oh man where do I begin. Is it fun? Yes, for a while. Then the issues start to show through the original excitment. I hoped to start a career with rallycross, where I have real life experience, however that wasn't to be. You'll have to start off by being a mudpuppy. Racing down gravel roads in a car twice as old as you (YMMV) in order to save up enough $ to do what you really want. Fine, no problem. However, the limited choice of 2 starting cars (both crap) is a bit disappointing. You get 1 boat that does whatever it wants, and 1 toy car that also does whatever it wants. You won't be able to hold a line because the game will find a line FOR you (this is with all aids turned off) and if you try to fight what the game wants you to do, youll jump off the track, hit a tiny pebble, be launched in to the field, and get a 15 second penalty. Your control input will either barely register, or, be ignored all together. It's really like an on rails driving game where you control the gas and brake, and pray for the best. Despite all this and numerous penaltys because my gravel tyre dared to touch something green, I still manage to place regularly in 3/4 position. The physics in the game need work. A lot of work. Touch your rear quarter panel to anything, and you're basically done. The damage needs a ton of work as well. I side swiped a stone, closer to my rear and it blew the radiator. Tyres will randomly explode (RNG?) sometimes as often as 3 times in a single leg! Then you get the amazing choice of limping on 3 or, even better, a 90 second pentalty every time! Oh boy! I guess the tyres were made in China. The co-driver will often say left, when he really means right, and thats if you can understand his UK accent, which sometimes I can't. Why they wouldn't let you choose your co-drivers voice? I can't imagine. A lack of courses means the grind is fun the first time, but to revisit the same 4 locations over and over...damn.  I desperately want to LOVE this game, but grinding it to get where I'd like to be, when there's minimal fun and maximum frustration is not what I'm about. A few tweaks to it and it will be amazing, but as is, I just can't love it."
,Not Recommended,310560,28254678,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,0restes,"Let's start with the obvious. Anyone that has driven a car before will know that something is wrong with this game physics. If I can take turns at 100 Km/h with my frigging FIAT Dobló I don't understand why none of the cars in this game can equal such feat. Everything in this game is sluggish such as cars with gear stick take ages to shift gears. If I'm in 5th and I want to shift to 2nd I don't need to get past 4th and 3rd.Let's continue with the artifically placed obstacles through all the courses to make the game absurdly difficult. The worst offender is Germany with rocks placed all over the place to make you crash at the slightest mistake. Germany must be such a dangerous country to drive if these things are real. Then they place cars out of any turns that don't have rocks. If they're out of cars they will put invincible signs or a bale of hay. Locate the whole game in Monte-Carlo, only then all this would make any sense.It is repetitive ad nauseam. This track, this track reversed, this track with two more turns or two turns out, this track at night, this track, this track, this track.It also baffles me how they removed the matchmaking present in Dirt 3.I play with a DS4 controller and the game is a torture. Not going to spend a couple hundreds buying a wheel to suffer even further with the points stated above. If you don't have a wheel you should stay away from this game.Long story short, if this is the best rally game we can have I'd say they should stop trying. Let the community design tracks for Dirt 3"
,Not Recommended,310560,21243280,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,LuckyChucky21,Not accessible.This game will only appeal to a niche group....but maybe that's the point.
76561198242005220,Not Recommended,310560,31760893,Posted: 14 May,all,LimaDelta593,"Impossible to drive properly with a Xbox 360 gamepad, no matter the settings. Very disappointing, thankfully I got it on a sale with 70% discount."
76561198112976807,Not Recommended,310560,33107604,Posted: 1 July,all,WOLFE,bad no htc vr
76561198098976978,Not Recommended,310560,21555324,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,GMMAN1978,"This game is so far from reality it should be launched into outer space on the next supply launch to the international space station. I have to make a request for any video game developers. Please get into any car and drive it. Developers can't translate driving in any form without driving some cars themselves. Please don't base how a car handles on what a race driver tells you in a interview. If the 70's rally cars you have programmed into this game actually held on to the road like you have depicted the race drivers piloting them back in the seventies would have all died in a horrific fiery inferno. I played the last dirt game on console, it was a horrible cartoon depiction of how a race car handles. I wish I could get my money back!!! What a completely infinitely horrible game."
76561198263940816,Not Recommended,310560,20219936,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,harrisjamespugh2008,"If you liked the rally section in dirt 3 you will like this, more of the same , tracks cars etc, a bit of a con to be honest.Dirt Rally is good but let down by boring tracks ,rubbish replays,think of it more like a Dirt 3 update but stripped down, if that makes sense.The whole game is open from boot up ,nothing to unlock, nothing to strive for .Not in the same league as RBR , not as good as WRC Evolved on PS2. If you have either of these dont bother, if you dont have them , get them. only my opinion of course.Is it as better than Loeb Evo, no .I have been playing Loeb Rally on Ps4 since launch non stop, far better overall package, a proper game, unlock new cars ,something to achieve. Loeb is a better rally experience too, pc version has alot of problems and a lot of options pc users want ,triple screens etc, get past this and a great rally game opens up to you.Can i recommend Dirt Rally, not as full game no , seems empty, the driving is usual codemasters fare , simcade.Not a bad thing just familiar ,graphics are great but codies graphics engine  seem outdated, a strange hue like all the other codemasters racers ,dirt ,f1, never changes. The cars look great but whats the point when in replays you get 90% incar or wheel shots,pointless.Dirt rally is a good rally experience but also a ampty game with nothing to offer. Still a full price early access title ."
76561198088953558,Not Recommended,310560,20478892,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,mujeebster,"Before writing this brief review, I just want to preface it by saying that I have exactly the recommended spec for this game; i5-4670K, R9 290, 8GB RAM, 35+ GB SSD space free, Windows 10, latest AMD Crimson drivers.This game was in Early Access and I opted to not get it then because I knew rally racing can be frustrating as it is, so I waited until it became version 1.0 recently. I bought the game, set it up, everything was running smoothly. I'm getting 60fps which is very important because with the co-driver yelling out more numbers than a bingo hall speaker on a Thursday in Del Boca Vista, it's very important to be able to react to those commands smoothly.This is where things get a little frustrating. Like, I've now pulled out all my hair, frustrating. For some reason, the game will lag for 0.1 or 0.2 seconds. Just long enough for that tree to get about 7 or 8 metres closer, that turn to become a little harder to maneuver and the race to be over. There's few things I find more upsetting in the progress of a racing game than taking everything perfectly and ending up 30 seconds behind because of one messed up turn leading me to roll (look at my achievements; I got the one for rolling).As it stands, I WILL NOT recommend this game for anyone, not until that issue is addressed and fixed, because Codemasters made a huge point of going back to the roots of rally racing games; very technical, very realistic, extremely punishing but more rewarding if done right. This game has not yet been done right, specifically because no amount of practice can make up for sections of a race disappearing thanks to video stutter."
76561197973483579,Not Recommended,310560,24278058,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,baka,Oculus VR Exclusive.  Won't be buying another codemaster game again
,Not Recommended,310560,20275974,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Bámboo,"---- 2016 mistake ----Starting the new year poorly... Can't blame the game more then I can myself for poor time management...Pros: Game really does look clean and runs smoothly haven't notice frame rate drops. Game has a neat and crazy challenge to it (If you dont mind restart ever now and then)... Game does bring a new twist to the whole Dirt titleCons: Controls for keyboard and mouse are unplayable, but what do you expect for racing game.. After getting controllor setup it did get better. I walk back into the game with a good mind set, but after putting up 6 hours of trying figure out the game. The game itself is little bit more challenging (maybe I just suck). The race modes are poorly design with the same maps over and over just ran backwards. Every little game modes and maps as well with cars, can't switch between cars races without starting over in carrer mode (unless you finished).If you love the whole ""DiRT titles"" I recommend the demo before the game... I wish  I did this before buying, I won't stop trying get better. Sorry CodeMaster your whole ""Early Access racing done right, this version is already a challenging, technical and highly realistic racer with an ever growing amount of content."" means lot to me....But I'm not going put in days of practice for this sorry"
76561197976417707,Not Recommended,310560,32307167,Posted: 9 June,all,DropnFbombs,"Occulus exclusive, no Vive support.  No longer interested."
76561197998516684,Not Recommended,310560,29867467,Posted: 12 February,all,Lion,"Early access looked ok, but after few months no big development.  Codemasters screwed it up,  quickly released, no additional content, no improvements,  just took money, said this is final version,  but we want full. Game for max. 15Eur."
76561198045484257,Not Recommended,310560,23833053,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Chubacca,"Ever since the full game came out, it's been unplayable. Huge FPS problem, with a GTX 980 and a I7 CPU, that should not happen. Even on lowest settings, and stuff turned off, so the game looks worse than BF 1942, still FPS issues. Pourly optimized, went through dozens and dozens of pages regarding this issue with no real fix. Even with 2-3 fresh installs, GPU drivers complete re-installs, previous versions, everything, I have tried everything, it just won't work. Since I can't get a refund, I look everyday to see if there's been a fix/update, and I'll keep this review updated if it's ever fixed.The game was perfect in the Alpha version though, very fun to play. I recommend it to every rally enthousiasts out there."
76561198034165724,Not Recommended,310560,24757580,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Lextheimpaler,VR is naseous.
,Not Recommended,310560,22728593,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Femapisa,"I want the refund of my money back. Besides some details it continues to be the same dirt rally of the past, a disaster of simulation it is not worth the cost. 50€?!!! Dont kid me...!"
76561198040913902,Not Recommended,310560,22509608,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Y2Jus10B,Way too hardcore for me.  I could never finish higher than last place which was very discouraging. Seeking a refund ASAP.
76561197972304770,Not Recommended,310560,35252537,Posted: 27 September,all,Yanns,"Nothing new, very frustrating - clip a tiny rock near the end of the race and you'll have to restart."
,Not Recommended,310560,21737243,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,WoodlanderTheSecond,Just pure garbage. The racing may be realistic but its so hard to play on a controller and its not worth buying a $500 steering wheel for.
76561198036774054,Not Recommended,310560,31001113,Posted: 7 April,all,CutSnake,"I used to love dirt rally. I would have given it a positive review... however one day out of nowhere it started stuttering whenever my logitech G920 was connected. It made the game unplayable. I tried everything; rewinding my graphics drivers, updating logitech and USB drivers, re-installing the game, re-installing windows. Nothing worked. Haven't been able to play it since. The support has not been helpful. I've tried contacting codemasters, and posted in the help forums... nothing. If they fix this bug it will be a great game, but until then, it won't work with a steering wheel. So if a steering wheel is how you like to play, don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,310560,24149412,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,goyoelburro2,"I've owned this game for a while.  They have just released a Occulus Rift only version on the Occulus store.  They are possibly planning on offering on Steam.Shame on you Codemasters.  Just another company on the Facebook payroll.I own a Vive, and if I could return your game now, I would.Move into the Facebook corporate offices, since you seem to be on their payroll..."
76561198023293461,Not Recommended,310560,20062625,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,dazedsheep,"Bought this game because it is said to be the (real) follow up to the beloved Colin McRae Rally (1998).  Gaming sites said this game is truly worth the money and makes a lot of fun if you are a fan of Colin McRae Rally.Since it is out of ""Early Access"" I am providing the whole review with all the criticism.Let me say some words before I dive into the pros and cons. This game does only aim for players that are fans of very difficult racing games. Thus, one has to be aware that there would be no races (against AI), difficulty settings (apart from traction control, ...) and that one has to learn the game (yes, it will take you a lot of time to get used to it, if you are new to this kind of rally simulations).Nevertheless, it feels like a straight copy of Colin McRae Rally (1998) with pimped graphics. More than 15 years of technical innovations have just been overlooked and nothing has found its way into DiRT Rally. But, let me start with the pros:Pros:- First rally game that feels like a rally game since more than a decade.- Nice graphics (at least the cars look nice).- Very challenging.- Very good sounds.Cons:- PHYSICS. There is a quite 'ok' car physics but that's it. Hello devs! We have 2015 and this is all you could come up with? One would expect a lot more. Terrain physics? - Even a little earth crumb makes the car fly like a plane even if you hit that thing with 200 km/h and more. The only thign that moves is your car and the track remains untouched.- Performance. Some parts of some tracks have perfomance issues, resulting in fps drops (even with high-end hardware).- Diversity. Yes diversity! - There are not many tracks and the career is getting boring quite fast (just hunting cars)...- Save issues. Do never quit the game by closing it. It may breark your save game...Summing up all the points it is not worth the money. You are better off with any other racing simulation or just play the old Colin McRae Rally which does not have these nice graphics."
76561198014718579,Not Recommended,310560,20218983,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Japesin,"Great game horrible interface.They surely spent every waking hour working on the game of rally itself but have left out any such effort on the interface. The game only supports very few steering wheels offically. Any wheel will work and you need to go through one by one and set up each button and control. Then you can drive and have a great time,The problem arises after you stop playing the game for the day or whatever. The game does not save your settings you just spend at least a half hour setting up and probably much much more tweaking and getting just right with regards to force feedback settings steering saturation etc etc. The interface also does a terrible job at saving any sort of custom profile or anything else you tell it to. When you get to that section finally by miracle of actually be able to locate it , it is only a Load/Save button , and it defaults to Saving , with no option to load anything . If not careful you overwrite anything you actually wanted to load.It is the most enraging experience attempting to set this game up and get actually driving. Now have a blast , because the next time you want to play it you will go through the exact same enraging experience. I don't nmeed this frustration and have shelved this game altogether. It should have never went official release and was merely a last ditch attmpt at grabbing some cash from the Holidays. Support and new features have been completely absent since.Buyer beware they may never improve this game again and focus all attention on making it console release ready. PC is forgotten and most likely will be forever. This is still a very beta game in many many areas not visible on the surface.Not recommended at all."
76561198121588846,Not Recommended,310560,27673588,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,thegodoferrorrs,"WTF, this is not playable with steam controller, constantly in spin even with all the help i could possibly switch on.  On the other hand, the refund funcion is great and i can recommend you to use it on this one."
,Not Recommended,310560,20330385,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Alphaziel,"And to the Transmission of Assists of Preferences have to Automatic,If you use the brake engine stopsCRAP GAME !!"
,Not Recommended,310560,28123802,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Geaper,Great game but this game didnt have any free or paid DLC with new tracks at least. I would mind to pay for tracks.
76561198283900549,Not Recommended,310560,34088436,Posted: 7 August,all,Aneures,"Game won't even launch, no way of fixing. greatest 50 bucks ever spent."
,Not Recommended,310560,20314875,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,schuey7,"Got the game and was really excited.Then got unable to connect to racenet errors.Also my saves are not working,Whatever changes I make or Stages I play dont get saved.Reinstalling right now and trying again but for now NO ONE should buy this in such a POS buggy state."
76561198232373356,Not Recommended,310560,20451312,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,tipsynova1004,it wont let me play the game it says completing install and doesnt go past 1 then it says servers are to busy i spent 40 bucks on a game i cant play
76561198011733764,Not Recommended,310560,28643811,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mmik05,"EDIT: So I managed to dig up an old Logitech Driving Force GT racing wheel (I believe it was for Gran Turismo 4 on PS2!) and it's a massive improvement. I also don't crash that often so the annoying transmission is less problematic. Still have trouble understanding the co-driver sometimes but maybe I'm just brain damaged.Stay away if you only have a gamepad though. I'm still gonna leave the downvote because of how frustrating steering with it was. I would have abandoned the game if it wasn't for my old hoarding habit.Original review:This was a very promising game - Codemasters has finally made a true rally simulator. However, there are several details that make playing it absolutely infuriating if you're not in a specific target demographic. I want to love it; I've been waiting for this since I lost my copy of Colin McRae Rally 2005. But I just can't recommend it.The first thing major flaw that I noticed as a beginner is the manual sequential transmission - it's garbage. I have to play with it because I'm using a gamepad. However, you cannot shift more than one gear at a time. It refuses to let you go from fourth into reverse in ""one"" shift. Each time you shift up or down, it goes through all the motions with the clutch before it shifts again. It can take a solid five seconds just to shift into reverse from fifth gear. Maybe it's not 100% realistic, but neither is driving with a gamepad, yet they're still supported.Steering with the gamepad is also annoying. I'm playing with 100% sensitivity and full linearity on the steering stick, yet the controls still feel numb and unresponsive.The third thing that drives me mad is the co-driver. It seems that there's only one accent: British. As an American, I have a difficult time trying to figure out what he's saying over the car. I'm used to much clearer consonant enunciation, so whatever this guy is saying just doesn't register. The previous games had multiple accents & genders, which makes this regression worse.In an easier game, these wouldn't have been a big deal. But this game is difficult with a very steep learning curve, and fighting the game while trying to play makes it simply not fun. Good thing I bought it on sale, because if I paid full price for it I would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,310560,20268774,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ILdylan,I've had this game for the better parts of a year and have never been able to play it or get anyone to seriously address the issue (I'm not the only one -- error 41).
,Not Recommended,310560,34350540,Posted: 19 August,all,Snacko,"Console game ported to pc.Menus tell you to press controller button 12, 9, 4, 8...  So you have to go into Windows Game Controllers and document which of your buttons is 12, 9, 4, 8, etc...  Ridiculous!..  Four of the buttons can be customized in settings, but several others cannot.  Just stupid...  ;-(Ain't nobody got time for that!"
,Not Recommended,310560,33584159,Posted: 16 July,all,twitch.tv/eXampleRob,+ Graphics- for the Rest - has nothing to do with Dirt
76561197999473427,Not Recommended,310560,22692353,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Dexter,"Bought Lancia Stratos, and after that just uninstalled the game. Its impossible to play. That car is just not playable. By pressing the W button it just unfolds. WTF is that? Good job. I have not got any excitement with this game. No recommend to buy this piece or sh..t."
76561198015810711,Not Recommended,310560,20514464,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,whodares73,Im a avid fan of racing games especialy rally games and as i had this game in my wish list for a long time when i finaly bought it and started to play it i was very disapointed.Unless you have a steering wheel and pedals then this is the game for you but if you don`t have them then its not.when i started to play it i noticed the cars going all over the show on the track it was hard to keep on the track then i found the settings in which you can adjust the steering sensitivity i found that i had to turn it off completley but still i was having trouble keeping the cars on the track.so whilst in rally you can change the setup of your vehicle in doing so i found that i had to have the same settings for evey rally and every car not good !!.im using a controler for my games and it is wearing out fast as i have to do allot of thumb action just to stay on track.allso you will find that whilst rallying you will come across the recover vehicle which is hit and miss and also you will find that small shrubs on the road side will stop your car dead in its tracks ?? and that by going off the track and onto grass for instance your vehicle will loose half its power?? How is this possible its a rally car!!!!.The recovery thing for instance i had cut a corner where spectators were i was no where near them then all of a sudden the computer recovered my vehicle for no reason and it cost me 15 seconds of time not good. and another instance where i was beached on an edge and it took atleast 20 seconds for the computer to offer me the recover vehicle option again not good then it cost me less time than the cutting corner issue ??These issues need to be adressed a.s.a.p as for me i will not be playing again untill they have.as i think for driveability the game has some catching up to do with WRC rally.
76561197973982997,Not Recommended,310560,21723894,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Don Jamppa,"I do not get the hype. This game is like WOW, to become master you have to be a no lifer or just p2w and get a steering wheel. This game does not even have a content for the full price."
,Not Recommended,310560,28653263,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,NIG,Start game get into match. guy starts screeming left 40 left 60 right 30- right 50 left 20 and im just like wait up i have to start the car first. srsly wtf
,Not Recommended,310560,32442321,Posted: 15 June,all,harri.lattu,Critical bugs that ruin stuff.
76561198148942401,Not Recommended,310560,31732201,Posted: 13 May,all,PapaWoody,sucks. not a game. its a sim and its stupid boring. takes like 50 races to even try a car that doesnt blow ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198042911105,Not Recommended,310560,28428970,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,hyper,"Don't buy if you really need to read reviews for driving games.So this game is as good a game as Matlab is. It's professional, detailed, and real, but it stops there, and that doesn't make a good game. A good game is one with a sane learning cycle, it challenges you and rewards you in a balanced and designed pattern. It doesn't simply present you with everything a professional needs and punish you for not being one.I was certainly not expecting to buy a Matlab.The guide you can get from common people about this game is like 'dude this is a driving game are you like 14 cuz otherwise you should have gotten your driving license like 10 years ago'. Unfortunately I got mine 5 years ago and in real life I haven't spent a single meter in a rally car on gravel spinning at 30km/h.And this game tries everything to deny you any chance of learning it. No retry, no tutorial, no warming up, just the car and the road. After 3 hours I'm still playing this game as if it was Temple run. Actual learning comes from youtube videos and that still doesn't help with practicing.Given the amount of Matlab tutorials out there, I'd say Matlab is a better game. If you have the money, time and energy, unless you are already a rally enthusiast (in which case you don't read suckers' reviews) , I'd suggest you learn French, Javascript, play the piano or anything you can practice and learn properly.Life is so full of professional things you suck at and a snobbish car game is simply not the coolest."
,Not Recommended,310560,20015822,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nashoba,"This game will not save past the first stage. I have spent 18 hours of my time trying to troubleshoot this game through the forums and, still, no matter what I do, it will not save. So far not even unistalling and reinstalling fixes this issue according to users. I put 3 hours into this game straight, save, exit, come back in and all my hard earned progress is gone. This is unplayable. I am stuck with no ability to advance because of this. Its not fair, and I want a refund so I can spend my money on a more deserving gave."
76561198006225734,Not Recommended,310560,20802992,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Hyuracan Knight,"Was going to write a review but ""The Steam servers are too busy to handle your request for Dirt Rally. Error Code (41) ""10/10 would redownload"
76561198312958066,Not Recommended,310560,31982719,Posted: 26 May,all,laart29,"most resterted, very dificult ,frustrating game .i  wouldn't recomend unless you are a pro"
76561198185264277,Not Recommended,310560,20814400,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,voodooseeker,"I'm running Linux Mint, make it work.....some of us want more Linux games!"
,Not Recommended,310560,22795663,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,FreeStyle,"This a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game , much hand control!!!"
,Not Recommended,310560,21280970,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mr. Hemmingway,"If you like programmes made by the BBC, hurting yourself or just pain in general then this is the game for you.Features pause and restart gameplay over several rallies all in various plywood rocket cars.Should of refunded 3/10."
76561197987221570,Not Recommended,310560,34912924,Posted: 12 September,all,Ole,"norewinds  , 2 much of serous game"
,Not Recommended,310560,15845053,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,小欧,"I loved the first colin mc rae games and DiRT Rally may become very good in the futur.But right now, the game is too punitive: 1 mistake and you loose 4 races (= 20 to 30 min for nothing - even worse, you'll lose ingame currency).As the races are too long (> 5 min) you'll have many occasions to ""rage quit"" after loosing half an hour of your precious free time.It's definitely not a good user experience."
,Not Recommended,310560,32232712,Posted: 6 June,all,DXDoug,"I couldnt of been more sad that i wasted my money on this game.. its very hardcore meaning you have to be extremely good to progress just in the game.. and there is literally no MULTIPLAYER for the game. there is no players for direct multiplayer, an there is only 3 locations an one game mode dirt rally for multiplayer. besides the time multiplayer where everyone trys get best time the rest of multiplayer is a major bummer compared to dirt 3. Dirt 3 i had to buy after i wasted my money on this because i just wanted play agianst other people in real time.. and ya besides this game being really hard to play for single player. there is no multiplayer compared to dirt 3.. so if want multiplayer you aint gonna find it here. if want a fun single player well unless you are extremely good you arent gonna enjoy it because you will spend a day on just one event trying to get first... so ya i cant recommend this game for those reasons.."
,Not Recommended,310560,30684848,Posted: 23 March,all,chiganiga in town,not worth buying this game for 50$ lol.a normal price would be liek 25 - 30$ Its a huge waste!
76561198072051442,Not Recommended,310560,19381681,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,MicroCastle88,"Really wanted to love this game and after reading and seeing all the very positive feedback thought i was going to be in for a teat...Alas. It was not to be.I have played all of their previous titles and on the whole have enjoyed them, I'd even go as far as saying I love some of them. Then I get this, their latest offering....This game is just not fun. I get it's trying to be a hard-core rally experience, but for me it's got to the point where it has become far too mean and punishing in its quest for realism that it has forgotten it is also meant to be enjoyable.  It has almost all the fun taken out of it so that it's just a frustrating experience. I say almost, as it does still have the odd moment when whizzing along a dirt track feels momentarily exhilarating. Then something goes wrong and you're forced to remember just how frustrating and a missed opportunity this game is.People may argue this point, but I truly feel this game would have been way more enjoyable if it had included the rewind ability found in their previous games. All it needs is the option to have this enabled or disabled depending on how much challenge you want.For me, driving a perfect race only to slip up slightly on the last corner and get stuck behind one of the stupidly solid corner markers, tiny shrubs or bit of wooden farm fence is beyond infuriating. Especially as it forces you to start the entire race all over again; which I should add, you get penalised for as the game fines you in game money for doing so. Or, even worse, spin off the track and get told you've totalled the car and  are forced to forfeit the entire set. When this happens at the end of a set of 4 or so races in which you've been leading the entire time; well, I don't believe anybody would call that fun.Add in the moronic spectators who line the edge of races (and seem to love to congregate at the edge of hair pins or other likely to slip just off the edge of the road areas) and refuse to dive out of the way; which, when clipped, enforce an immediate reset and 15 second time penalty.Yeah, all of that's fun... Not.Now, I get some people may like this punishing approach; I however like to have fun and enjoy my games, I don't enjoy being forced to suffer. Add in the option for rewinds and to be less unpleasantly mean to players looking for a bit of rally fun and shenanigans and I believe this game would become far better for it. Hell, if the rewind option was added I'd even be tempted to remove this negative review. It wouldn't get me to recommend it but I wouldn't actively discredit it either.Seeing as this is a driving game, the driving aspect obviously needs to be mentioned. The driving feels.. Well... Not quite right. It's not entirely wrong but it is lacking something. Mud doesn't slip and slide or create ruts, off road is can be over skiddy but then seems to glue you down and deny cornering. I live in the country and have driven a fair amount of off road and know how these different surfaces feel and react. Not like how they are depicted in this game. It's not terrible but it's not great either and leaves me disappointed. They have however nailed the snow and ice. This does feel good and fair in it's challenge. I should also mention this is referring to the rally and rally cross driving, not the hill climb. If you ask me the hill climb driving is completely broken. I do realise that this may yet be fixed but at present it is atrocious. Slips and slides uncontrollably all over the place no matter what you do. I'll admit to having never driven one of these hill climb cars in real life so for all I know it could be a truly fantastic and realistic depiction. In which case it's just a shame it's so damn unenjoyably and frustrating. Especially when the cars sound great, accelerate at a terrifying speed that sets the cockpit juddering and exhausts popping. Lovely; well, it is until you hit the first corner and all hell breaks lose.Which brings me onto the matter of collisions. The collisions in this game feel very lame and weak. No excitement or fear in them, they are just a bit limp fart and no ka-boom. Which is a big shame as driving at speed in this game can feel very dangerous; until you smash into something and you're greeted with a dull thud and everything stops moving very un-dramatically.My gripes don't unfortunately just stop with the forced no fun feel of the game; they also carry on over to the look and aesthetics of it as well. I realise this is more personal preference and opinion, but it still irks me.This is not a good looking game. I have the settings fully maxed out and it still looks very meh. Not terrible but very dated looking.The menus are horrible and all look super washed out and cheap. Not minimalistic, which I think was what they were aiming for.The environments fail to excite, the cars look ok but not great and it all has a slightly worn, grainy look to it. Maybe meant to make it look more realistic? Just makes it look dull and uninspiring.Whilst talking of aesthetics, the music in this game just plain sucks. Terrible. Again, I think they were trying for minimalism, it's just a shame they chose really rubbish minimalistic music. Does nothing to help the feel of the game. Although I'm happy to concede this point as I'll admit it's a minimal complaint in itself.I'm not really someone who writes reviews but with this game I just felt like I had to air my opinions on it. Hopefully it will forewarn like minded gamers and encourage them to look else where for adrenaline, mud fuelled fun.That being said, if you like a punishing and oddly low-fi experience then you could well enjoy this."
76561198137527756,Not Recommended,310560,19267444,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,maverick330ci,fps are terrible cant play the game with low graphic settings on a gtx 750 ti im getting 12fps while on project cars on ultra settings i get 65fps
,Not Recommended,310560,32215716,Posted: 6 June,all,The Occupant of Room 213,"Insanely difficult, spent hours trying to get past level 1 and get a 4WD car so I could keep up. Absolutely impossible. What makes this truly evil is that it carries the Dirt name from the more casual series. I feel like this was intentional in order to fool the casuals into buying this. Shame on you codemasters, seriously! Also I realized too late that I could have gotten a refund. I hate this game with such passion I had to delete it from my profile. Just seeing the banner reminded me of losing money on it, ruining my mood every time. I can't imagine what kind of talent is needed for completing any part of this but if you're in need of a ludicrous challenge then this game is for you and you only, congratulations."
76561198260650681,Not Recommended,310560,21393957,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Bokix,It is not what I expected.There is no fun and many things you can do.I dont recomend this game.
,Not Recommended,310560,27727449,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sivis,Boring and bad.
,Not Recommended,310560,33388261,Posted: 8 July,all,KingOfScotland,"pointlessly hard, this coming from someone who loves the Dark Souls series. Overated, online is very limited, very slow loading time and only 3 tracks, oh and only 3 players. Don't bother get another racing game, hell get gta V"
76561198038801536,Not Recommended,310560,31071404,Posted: 10 April,all,BlackB3ard92,"Ok, this is the worst game if you playing with xbox one controller or keyboard first of cars slide like♥♥♥♥♥♥on hot plate you can't turn properly at all secondly coming first is never gonna happen no mater how many times you retry I would say if you are a gamer who uses keyboard or xbox controller do yourself a favor and stay the hell away from this as you possibly can as I can guarantee you you will be highly disappointed as you will not be able to control cars at all if you have full on gaming rig then by all means give it a try I will never recommend this game to anyone who plays keyboard or controller very disappointed with this game and I have played all dirt games"
76561198011335134,Not Recommended,310560,20053121,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Billyjack2,Terrible. Everything feels disconnected - no sense of speed; no sense of grip. Very much not a simulation. If you are looking for a simulation steer clear.
,Not Recommended,310560,32302790,Posted: 9 June,all,Garrik,"I am disappointed! people like me buy games like this not for good grafics,  but for good simulation. If it's deeper simulation, it's better. Here I found an arcade with rally cars: where is no choise for tyres. Why is there no tyres? It's very important in rally (and other race sports) to choise the write type of tyres for surface and whether, it's almost the decisive factor in traction on the road. If you change setup of the car (gears, suspention, springs) nothing, absolutly nothing changes, I tested multiple times from one extreme to another, and no diference in movements of the vehicle. Phisics are horyble, when you drive straight forward it's ok, but when you start to interact with objects and margins of the road it's like you fall in parallel world where are other laws of phisics. Is it so hard to make realistic phisics? Where is simulation of career where you are contracted by sponsors and get paid depending on results? Where is tuning of the engine? Maybe not everyone want to bother with all this details, ok, leave the defaults, but I want to see the difference in traction and drift when I change the settings for suspention. I want the simulation of rally, not arcade. I don't consider this a good rally game only because it's not much choise on the market. If developers of this game will continue like this, they will end up with NFS like fail."
,Not Recommended,310560,20932757,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,rem,Boring game ... should cost 5$ .IF U GOT NO STEERING WHEEL OR CONTROLLER DONT BUY IT ! JUST DON'T !
,Not Recommended,310560,23572413,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,fourthpanda - Trading,"To realistic, not for fun, only serious players.there is no ability to turn of damage so your radiator overheats constantlyalso even with the easiest everything can be all the assists on its still blisteringly hard.the automatic gearbox is streight from a honda civic. seeing as the ai use manual they will ALLWAYS have a better start than you in rallycross and theres nothing you can do about it."
76561198276105941,Not Recommended,310560,28613664,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Max__182,Can't connect.  Is this game broken?  Just bought it.
76561198002743736,Not Recommended,310560,19726193,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,scotttaylor66,"Nooooope, cheesy graphics, just no, outdated cars, locations, just no. Do NOT buy this game. It is so bad.3.5 - 5 stars by me."
,Not Recommended,310560,26617886,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,cash me ouside ow bou dat,"crap drivinnng physics ... speedometer says 120 kms but feels like 40 lol. fixing your car sucks, and when i try and make a custom championship and pick a car.. i hafto play through the game to buy the cars?????? why in the world would i hafto pay for the cars in custom, i can see if i was playing through the carrer.. buut if i wanna just race and try the cars i cant. major step down from dirt 3 besides the graphics .... but i am happy they took that DC trick♥♥♥♥♥♥out in dirt rally"
76561197971081906,Not Recommended,310560,15608995,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,icetech,"So... Months ago i gave this a good review.. but havn't played in awhile.. decided to see whats new today and i can no longer give this a thumbs up... I love the idea of the new features.. like rallycross which had me really excited. UNTIL... i noticed that you need 350k credits to get a car to even try it out.. Same with one of the other modes (i think it was the online pvp mode) So basically If you are a casual player like myself you can forget about seeing any of the other features for months..I play using a xbox360 controller on pc.. no issues in any other driving game but in this one forget it.. if you drive carefully enough to not go off or get punctures non stop you will be 4 mins off pace.. If you get aggressive, nope.. enjoy going off and for some reason sliding around corners even though you are barely moving..Supposedly if drives better with a wheel. I don't know about anyone else but i am not spending 200+ to get a wheel to play 1 game..."
,Not Recommended,310560,16856865,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Cpt. Carl,"The graphics are very nice, exceptional even, gameplay definitely needs some improvements though. So far I'm not liking it very much because I was looking forward to another Dirt 3, and this plays NOTHING like Dirt 3. Using an Xbox 360, or One controller is waay too touchy right now, might just be me though. Game is also too unforgiving compared to previous games in the series as well with no flashbacks and time adding with crashes that screw up your vehicle already.Flashbacks should have been added back in, and made disable-able for people who don't want it.I was very good at Dirt 3, able to play against the hardest bots (and rarely losing in Online play as well), but in this game I've had a lot of trouble making even fourth place in any of the tournaments on the easiest difficulties, ridiculous.I will update this as the game is updated."
,Not Recommended,310560,18720455,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Pookski,"Do not buy this game until they have fixed the lag issues that surround it. uncontrollable lag that has no fix and my computer is not the question if i can run ARK and get 90 fps at max settings 1080p i shouldnt have rediculous on screen lag thats extermely visible on my 144HZ monitor. This lag renders the high pace action racing ""rally"" experience handicapped and unplayable right now the lag makes me not recommend spending 60$ for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198125112267,Not Recommended,310560,23232525,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Storm Rider,Cons.-Not impressed with the physics.-Simcade.-Cockpits and 3d models unimproved from earlier Dirt/CMR games.-Generic car sounds.Pros.-Scenario graphics.-Gorgeous Finland rally stages.
76561198014536292,Not Recommended,310560,18913966,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,heraclitus_flux,game plays finejust give me a simple ♥♥♥♥ING MENUit's a pain in my ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥just to navigate a ♥♥♥♥ing maze to restart or choose a race
76561198070003215,Not Recommended,310560,21847028,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,cowlynz,"WEAK, POOR CRAP!How do we get a refund?"
,Not Recommended,310560,21143180,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Azag,"Awesome graphics, awesome driving, BUT NO MULTIPLAYER. And no, just because we can compare times on a leader board doesn't make it multiplayer. Neither does your rally cross game mode. What happened to this franchise? Dirt 2 was awesome! Dirt 3 also quite good. But you know what? They both had good multiplayer, especially Dirt 2. If they ever get there act together and put proper multi-player into this game I'd buy it again, but other than that I'm getting I refund. :("
76561197981185633,Not Recommended,310560,18333631,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SawedOffSpudCannon,"I don't recommend this game yet. I've played every dirt game that has come out and I must say this is the hardest one that has ever come out.  In fact, I feel that it is to hard. Colin McRae rally was a hard game, but it was beatable.  The Dirt series itself did jump around a bit on the simulation/arcade factor. But they were all fun, and they were beatable!! No matter how many times I try, I can not beat one race in this game. I've tried and tired. With my xbox 360 controller the controls just don't seem to respond very well, and I know it's not the controller seeing as it's not the only one I've tried. The best I've managed to do in the game is 3rd place with all driving aids turned on. As in ABS, stability control, etc. and so forth. I'm having a hard time understanding the ""very positive reviews"" on this game, as I feel this game needs to add some difficulty options and possibly fix the some controller settings. This game being that hard makes it not fun, and makes it seem like a waste of money. I like the direction codemasters is taking, but the game still needs work!"
76561197970372719,Not Recommended,310560,16577274,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ZombieInfected,"BUYERS BEWARE!-------------------It was only AFTER I bought this game that I found out that it only supports certain steering wheels. Even though my Momo Force is quite old, it was considered Logitech's top of the line once. (Pre G25) And it's not supported.Dear Codemasters, It would have been nice with a heads up. Instead of the awesome sim everyone is talking about, I got an unplayable game. Yes, there might be a fix at some time, but when is that? I'm done with early access.And for that, I'm can't recommend it."
76561198066041692,Not Recommended,310560,16984693,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,lSentryl,Put a difficulty setting in it!!!!
,Not Recommended,310560,17398247,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Bjuu Discofitta,"I have big problems with dirt rally, it doesen't start and i still ge "" error 41"" and i have tried everything but on  my schoolcomputer it works..."
,Not Recommended,310560,19162365,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,stepson,"This game is complete and beautiful.  The problem is it becomes unplayable with a xbox 360 controller.  This game require a racing wheel controller to be enjoyable. It's a real simulation, if you like arcade game (like Dirt 3), this one is not for you."
,Not Recommended,310560,19556852,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Lieutenant_Pats,Controls are impossible to get right with a controller. This is an issue ive found with EVERY title by these guys (Except Grid but thats vastly different). This game is amazing. But once you get to 1970's cars they get uncontrollable. I just cannot get the right settings unfortunately.I Love this game. Just wish i could actually play it without the awful driving controls forcing me to spin off or sending me into wall off the road because of the SLIGHTEST controller movement (i have a screenshot of my Mini Cooper flying upside down off a cliff).
76561198018861309,Not Recommended,310560,18520536,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,cylonmaster,"Game is not bad,but wish they would fix steering physics,driving down straight road and car suddenly drives up anembankment and rolls,or car wll suddenly spin out for no real reason.Graphic are good,but until steering is fixed I will give this as miss"
,Not Recommended,310560,20039811,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,bunglist,"When starting the game you are presented with the choice of playing Rally, Rallycross and Hill Climb events.You can only actually do one type of Rally in one of two cars, that's it. Everything else is locked.The first Rally illustrates that your co-driver appears to be reading pacenotes for a totally different track to the one you're on and all the corners have been greased before your arrival.After completing the first race, the game crashes.Restarting the game, it tells you that you can resume from your previous race. Then crashes.Refund please!"
76561198000353927,Not Recommended,310560,17180920,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,20t,"Absolutely fantastic rally game. The best DiRT game ever made.Pros,1. Realistic rally driving (experienced off-roading with a 4x4 not a rally car)2. Beautiful graphics (especially at night)3. A good selection of cars (for an early access game)Cons,1.	Early access game (not everything is finished, carrier mode online mode, etc)2.	Sometimes you can’t control the car, but it could be from my driving.3.	The online is boring for now. As you all know, rally keep score by timing each lap individually, so it doesn’t feel that competitive.I don’t recommend buying it right now at 38$, wait for sales or the full game to be released.And have a good day,"
76561197973133773,Not Recommended,310560,18804837,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dark Vroom,"I've been a fan of all the DIRT racing games, They all have been 'fun'. This one for me is not, so far.This game is tough to review. It has some good points.  The graphics are great.  The rally format is very accurate and good. It has a lot of promise. I'm a fan of rally racing.In career mode with the early cars, I find the controls a bit too tight, even with modifications. The driving is just not that good to me compared to other sims or racing games. The roads and paths are unrealistically too narrow coupled with the fish tailing even at low speeds and over aggressive physics making the cars feel more like a bus when driving.The custom events allow you to drive a variety of cars and some drive better, but overall the 'feel' is a bit off for me.I'm hopeful they can tune the driving to make it better. As of now It's just not 'fun' enough for me to recommend right now."
76561198088460514,Not Recommended,310560,16194495,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,nilsn.BE,"From 90 fps to 15fps to 90 fps in under two seconds!  Too bad, game with a lot of potential but the word around the community is that is has been like this in all their previous games.My specs:FX 8350MSI GTX 9708 Gb DDR3SSD"
76561198081164597,Not Recommended,310560,19703888,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Echo_Foxtrot,"The game is honestly too hard to be fun. There is a million and one obstacles, some of which you can't see until yopu get around the corner and hit. Even on the easiest difficulty you can't just jump into this game and enjoy a rally stage. You either crash immediately due to the ridiculous physics or the drivers consistently outpace you regardless of how well you do. Not enjoyable to lose everytime no matter what. Open difficulty should be much less competitive and cater to people who don't have a steering wheel attached to their computer."
76561198088134776,Not Recommended,310560,31725108,Posted: 13 May,all,PsychoPyro66,no
,Not Recommended,310560,19741030,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,XTwo,"Edit: Why the hell are people finding this review unhelpful? It explains exactly what I didn't like about the game!A nearly uncontrollable game where you'll slide off the track or spin-out just by touching a bit of the off-road terrain or a slight bump in the road.  Same if you turn a bit while braking or too much while accelerating.  Enjoy the constant skidding and sliding 'cause apparently that's realistic.Even on the easiest difficulty, it's impossible to win a stage, let alone a rally.  Drive carefully and you'll still be too slow to come in first.  All this is made more difficult by the fact that 1st place is separated by up to 30 seconds from 5th place for example.  Think you could reduce your time by 10, 15 seconds?  Maybe you'll come in 4th or 3rd.  Not to mention that by the 4th or 5th stage of a rally, you'll be over 1 minute behind the driver in the next position even if you're 3rd, 4th overall!  Enjoy driving the next 10minute long stages without any hope of even making a change in the standings.The boring tracks don't help either as you'll be going through yet another narrow road through a field or forest.  The old Colin McRae games had a ton more variety in their tracks.  Or maybe it just feels that way because you're slowly going 50km/h through mud or gravel instead of zooming left and right feeling awesome.  That kind of fun is impossible in this game.  Basically, the way wet mud felt in those older games is how dry tarmac/asphalt feels in this game.A total misuse of the ""DiRT"" name which will make you expect a soft and smooth driving experience that's a dream to control but instead you get hard and stiff handling that keeps sending you off the road.  However, with the inclusion of Hillclimb and Rallycross modes, they apparently still can't just stick to making a Rally only game, wasting time on developing these modes instead of more actual rally tracks/cars.Also, what the hell is this ""bad camber"" that my co-driver keeps telling me about?"
76561197990742852,Not Recommended,310560,18844996,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,daniel.james,"I am writing this review from the point of view of a grown-up gamer and a family man, not a teenage fanboy with too much time on their hands! I say this for good reason, and will get to that shortly.I will start on the good points, Codemasters did a good job (to an extent) of the Early Access part of this, I have been playing it since the start of EA as I am a huge fan of rally games having enjoyed Richard Burns Rally for so many years I bought this as soon as I could. The graphics aren't a let-down at all and the handling is pretty great, the stages are real life but could be longer and don't quite match those in RBR for length,Sadly though for those who want to play this and have adult commitments, you'll struggle big time. You have to be on the top of your game with this, concentrating to the max, only good if you can get the chance to sit in a room on your own. When you have a family this is no good as it doesn't happen often.Much as I like the challenge at times (i'm far from bad at racing games), it holds it back hugely for me that you can't tailor the difficulty like you can in every driving game ever and have it so you can get by with a little less concentration. It makes no sense not being able to do this as it's not like you ever see AI, it's all nothing but numbers plucked out of thin air by the game engine.Also the depth of the game is a little shallow, not that many countries to chose from, not many route variations to chose from and they keep the good weather effects for the rallys at higher levels of rallying.WRC5 does a better job of keeping up with DR than it should, which is frustrating, shame they have decided to cater purely for the dedicated and talented few in this game. Also disappointing they have released it as a full game when it still feels unfinished, indeed much of the game hasn't really changed at all since it was first out.I know some seem to get wound up over reviews like this that tell it like it is rather than building it up to be some super sim of a game (there's a fair few simple bits of realism they have missed in the handling entirely, let's ignore those though) so looking forward to the down-votes!"
76561198151665837,Not Recommended,310560,19180423,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Sk8sean,So you want to play with a controller rather than a wheel?Don't.
,Not Recommended,310560,19551373,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,AceOfSpades,"This games MP is a fail. That simple....Had written up a bigger review but thanks to steam it did not go through.If you want to race with friends how and WHEN you want this is NOT the game for you.It does NOT have MP like Dirt 3.The MP  does have is restrictive, the league mode forces you to set dates and times NOT allowing you and a group of friends to play say 6 races back to back on a sunday afternoon.We bought this game for the MP and so because of the MP we cannot give it a good review. that simple."
,Not Recommended,310560,19400141,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Blitz7287,The biggest issue in this game is no difficulty setting so anybody who not a master of racing games with a steering wheel can forget this game. I bought it day 1 as i love DiRT games but this one imo has been ruined by the fact they are only catering for the elite racing gamers. The graphics are awesome and im sure i would of been glued to it and completed by now if i could actually finish a race higher than 5th. The AI is just insane.If difficulty settings are added i will revise my review to positive because the game looks fantastic its just let down by the difficulty :'(
,Not Recommended,310560,16102766,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,DJ KaKuMeI X,The steering is outrageous for any RWD only car and don't get me started on the Lancia. I understand rules of traction but this is really how many random bumps can we throw in a rally. The AI don't randomize results. Whoever wins at the top on the first race of a rally is winning the whole entire championship which takes away ALOT of the realism. Not to mention the leader you may be ahead in the first sector and then by the next sector will make up a whole 7+ seconds on a part thats extremely nothing but switchback after switchback. The AI needs to be updated by a lot.
,Not Recommended,310560,18824993,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Disappointed,"This is a nice rally game. A good range of modes. Everything unlocked from the start, while still having an engrossing career mode. Daily/weekly/monthly online challenges. Nice looks, and a wide range of graphics options. Convincing physics and a lovely, hefty feel to the force feedback. Works on a wide range of hardware.That's all assuming it works. Here is a list of things that break it:forums.codemasters.com/discussion/35171/error-41-discussion-solutionsIt is hard to rcommend a game when I have to unplug my mouse every time I want to play it."
,Not Recommended,310560,16824926,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,LordMechTracks(TKP),"A great game ♥♥♥♥ed up with text in middle of screen stating stage time, realy pisses me off. start doing well and bamb stage stage time crash off track. sort it you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198017248667,Not Recommended,310560,18847635,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,=DI= S4NDM4N,first person view only so you cant see the graphics that are reported to be so spectularfeels very much like a console portfor best eperience must have a steering wheel
76561197972924668,Not Recommended,310560,19702621,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,sjolt,"The game is fun....BUT.....you'll be saying ""F*** PHYSICS"" as you fly over a tiny rock that sends your car tumbling end over end 5 times, when in reality you might have flattened a tire.  All surfaces feel like you're gliding across ice. I'm thinking the devs have never driven a vehicle faster than 35 on any type of road in their lives.If you are expecting a video game and not a driving simulator you won't be disappointed. If you want something more realistic, skip this title."
76561198132862339,Not Recommended,310560,16722083,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Shadow_128,if i had a penny for all the times it doesnt detect my thrustmaster tx racing wheel i will be a billionaire.
,Not Recommended,310560,18573020,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Zomg!,"Don't buy this unless you like hard as nails sim driving. There are assists but they are neglagible I really tried to like this game but first race I couldn't even complete falling off cliffs and♥♥♥♥♥♥the traction on the begineer cars are just garbage. There needs to be help for us arcade type that love assistance going around bends and things. I mean playing this with a controller you may as well shove it up your own bum than play this, but if you like straight up sims this is good for u."
,Not Recommended,310560,16524214,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,J-ROC,"The game is fun, but if you want to do well and win, you have to get a wheel. RWD is way too twitchy for a controller."
76561197979669028,Not Recommended,310560,19813123,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Electric Wizard,"I would highly recommend making more multiplayer game options. Or a better search engine, because no one uses your multiplayer mode."
76561198269402201,Not Recommended,310560,20655929,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ThaJester898,♥♥♥♥ THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ASS GAME....♥♥♥♥♥
76561198273977367,Not Recommended,310560,29625138,Posted: 1 February,all,Old Mate,youre game sucks di(k cant even save how far youve done ive done the same races now about 5 time should never of spent $60+ on this sh!t
,Not Recommended,310560,19552314,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Groove,Hasnt worked for the past 6 months due to Error41 they seem unable or unwilling to fix.Be prepared for a refund.Unfortunately I cannot as it worked at first.....then broke and they have never got to the bottom of the problem
76561198166739692,Not Recommended,310560,16588398,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,williamschuckh,"Got a refund on this one. Had the code 41 error right out of the gate. The developer seems more interested in writing new mods for the game instead of finding a fix for this MAJOR error. Until they do, I'll hang on to my money."
76561198003732301,Not Recommended,310560,15890809,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,DarkNemesis25,"disclaimer: I exclusively play all racing games on the hardest difficulties, Long time hardcore fan of Codemasters and the dirt series.Been playing for a few weeks now and seriously something is wrong with traction.Totally understand Rally is supposed to be a twitch based racer which is what I love,But I've never felt physically angry from a racing game. This is the first.Why am I virtually ice skating across these surfaces and having to take corners at 0.05mph?even with assists on, braking is useless leaving me to run the course at insanely slow speeds.All confidence of the vehicle is lost on every corner. whats going on. I've never broken a controller but this is a first.I'm not sure what it is, maybe its the crappy vehicle your stuck with for hours and hours or maybe the AI scoreboard times are plain wrong. maybe its ice skating your way over dirt? but I've lost all confidence in driving fast, maybe that was your goal, but the game is not fun anymore."
76561198045250482,Not Recommended,310560,19515152,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,mtech,"My biggest issue was trying to get it right with G27 wheel, it just feels very unatural and gets very difficult to control the car. Had better luck with x-box controller but if they call this a simulator, the first support it should have is for a wheel."
76561198152525960,Not Recommended,310560,18199190,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/Ben_Colloby,For some reason when i load into career mode my game just desktops for some reason?
,Not Recommended,310560,18122893,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,GigoloSoldier,"Pros-RallyX-Group B-Good controller support-Nice visuals-I am not forced to listen to some retard every time I do something new in the menu (Dirt 3)-The career system has potential but it forces way too much stage rally on you. (I was 10k away from my RallyX car before the Mini gave me AIDS and I had to buy the RS200 to cure it.)-I love the damage management systemCons-Game takes itself to seriously, Give us some wider tracks like Germany to have some fun in these cars.-AI in stage rally is too good. AI in RX is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I love getting spun out by a car and then T-boned by 2 other cars that push me through a corner on the grass which gets me penalized 15 seconds. Its like Dirt 3 online with penalties!-Endless stage rally-Idiots in the community that endlessly complain about the stage rally not being endless enough (Shut up and buy WRC)-Keyboard support. If you had issues with Grid Autosport's keyboard support this game will give you the same problems-No Pro2 or Pro4 yet-No RS200 in RallyX yet-No head to head yet-No Gymkhana (Calm down I am just kidding, I would take it to break up the endless stage rally though)-Track/Tire physics seem to dramatic. Stage rally makes this game seem more like ""follow the tire tracks simulator 2015""-No matter how much fine tuning I do the cars never get anywhere near stable enough.-PLEASE make a game mode lets me take cars off their normal courses. I want to try my hand at Pikes Peak in a RS200 or play RallyX in a StratosThe only reason this game is getting a negative review is for forcing me to play stage rally an absurd amount of times before I can have some fun in the RallyX championship. I enjoy the game but I do not like being forced into hours of stage rally before I can play the part of the game I enjoy the most. As much as people complain about Dirt 3 forcing diffrent disciplines on you at least I wasnt forced to drive down roads too narrow for a mini at top speeds for hours to play something I liked. The RallyX and hillclimb additions have given me hope, if they adjust this game to make me play less stage rally I would be more than happy to give this game a positive review.Rally - 4/10RallyX - 8/10Hill Climb - Just aint care/10Also this game needs more Ken Block ;)"
76561197974026700,Not Recommended,310560,18814635,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Yusho,"You can call it difficult or just annoying. the engine is awesome but restarting a race 10 times just isn't fun.when you totaly wreck your car the season is over, meaning you completed all previous races for nothing.I really don't like arcade games but previous dirt games had rewind functions when you crashed. not only was it nice to look at where you went wrong, it also made the game much more fun. Some extremist ""Fans"" just block the implementation of such a useful feature (they dont have to use if they dont like it anyway)."
,Not Recommended,310560,16178968,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Cego em Tiroteio,"I foresee in-game-purchases.After the first hour, I gained little more than 10k, a single end game car costs 650k. Of course you'll have to buy intermediate cars to progress before that.I liked the rally focus of the game, no bumper car arcade races. But after experiencing the hi fidelity of BeamNG Drive, DiRT Rally really feels like a bumper car soap block.I wouldn't miss flashbacks that were educational on the DiRT series for the added challenge of an impecable rally run if only winning 4 races on a row weren't fundamental for your bank and game progress."
,Not Recommended,310560,17487493,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Cheddle,"POS - has G27 preset, steering is COMPLETLEY uncalibrated. middle 5% of motion is 20% in game and then once past 270degrees the rest of the range of motion on the G27 is equivlent to about 50 degrees in the gameUNPLAYABLE"
76561197970119908,Not Recommended,310560,18978735,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,JLerch2,"This is my first review of any game on Steam as I usually don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but this game warrants a review that hopefully the developers will take to heart before release of v1.0. TURN OFF THE STEER ASSIST. If people suck at driving, let them suck at driving.... At the very least make it an option. I had hopes that Codemasters would finally produce an authentic racing game, I was mistaken, same crap, different branding. It is incredibly frustrating trying to pilot a rally car all by itself, its infinitely more frustrating trying to drive a rally car and fight the ♥♥♥♥ing steering assist. What you will notice is that in addition to actually steering for you in some circumstances that steering saturation will also change depending on your racing line. There are videos on youtube that show off this ""assist"". Until this idiocy is either removed or given a toggle button, I do NOT recommend this game. DEVELOPERS: go play Richard Burns Rally, then fix your game accordingly."
76561197962064472,Not Recommended,310560,16394476,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sonreir,"Unplayable. Game will randomly ""lock"" one of the keys on my keyboard while playing and hold it down indefinitely. Can't even get Windows to close and have to hard boot my PC."
76561198167415365,Not Recommended,310560,15985809,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,monkeyking469,"Very disappointed in this game. As a dirt fan I was hoping that this game would be like the fist one witch is still the best in my opinion. The graphics are awesome the game audio sucks,i have a beast surround sound system and it only uses 3  out of 7 speakers and no sub. The handling of the cars and penalties  take the fun out of the game. To be fair My friends and I work all week and only play on the weekend. I really hope some things are added so like custom parts and interior changes but that not that big of a deal. I want to like this game because the idea is great but right not its a far cry for us."
76561198032527841,Not Recommended,310560,18326005,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Panokia75,"The game looks and sounds good, however I could not get a feel of the game through an xbox360 control pad no matter what settings I used. After practise I improved to get reasonable times after keeping throttle control as a priority. However at this point I did not find it enjoyable, a challenge yes but no fun gained. There seems to be a problem with the levels of grip and traction under acceleration which seems to get worse off throttle making the cars far too unstable. Excessive understeer, oversteer and the car being upset by even the smallest changes in terrain is frustrating. The amount of deceleration off throttle is massively over exagerated to the point that if you are not on full throttle you are barely accelerating making throttle control difficult.I hope the updates will improve the feel of the handling by the time a full game is published. Well done codemasters but perhaps I will enjoy this more next year.A modern game should be accessable by use of a controller and in theory should be better than using a keyboard and mouse, not worse. Unfortunately the game is just too frustrating to play with a controller. The handling does make sense it just needs to be made more user friendly and/or more intuitive. The game is there the enjoyment is not."
76561198181738789,Not Recommended,310560,17477194,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,joebeckner986,Im sure its a good game but unfortunately I haven't been able to play it because the game wont launch. No fixes ive found yet along with many others. so do yourselves a favor and research if these launch issues have been fixed before buying.
,Not Recommended,310560,18755718,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,iDeLaYeD o,"I love the DIRT series but this one feels way to diffrent from them. I play on a Xbox one controller.PROS:-Visuals can be great for a racing game that doesn't focus on them-Game throws you into it right away. instead of going through the tutorials that most racing gamers hate are not there so you can buy your first car and engineer when you start and the championships in career start at 5 events with 5 stages in each which is great for more game play. Between stages you can save and exit so you dont need to complete the event when you need to leave for a while.-The driving is more realistic. It also comes with the usual changeing on the ABS, Stab. Control, etc. using less gives you more reward %-It rewards you for not restarting with moneyCONS:-Considering how long the franchise has been out I am surprised how low the visuals are on the scenery on the side of the track-not many cars yet. when you start you have a choice between two cars which are both FWD, 4 speed.-driving is realistic going in a straight line. FWD whille always understeer when taking a 1 corner or less. Sometimes 2 corners. RWD oversteers when you try the stay on the road while on the straight aways and will spin out or fly off the road depending if you're on a cliff or not. I have not gotten to the 4WD to see if they are good or not. Before you start thinking why didn't I turn the Stab control and Traction control, I had them maxed out and they accoplished nothing.-you have to drive in rally races until you can buy a hillclimb car for around $200,000 and the rallycross cars cost more-is some cases I had the co-driver not give directions because I jumped to the corner or they gave it when I got there and it was a sharp corner that I needed to start braking a few seconds before and when I pulled the HB it just slid off the track-also the co-driver would call 2 or 1 when it was more 3 or 4 which cause me to slow down and loose time when I could've gained timeTo sum up, if you could get past the Controlability the game is ok but they need to fix alot of things before they can release the full version with a good or amazing game, like the settings on the traction and stability."
76561198114769216,Not Recommended,310560,17899971,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,lotw_1,"Early Access Review (will change as the game does)Thoughts after the Multiplayer Update for Rally CrossIts the normal Codemasters all over again.  Do some things really awesome and fall completely flat somewhere else.The game is fun, for a while, but after a few hours you have seen the same coarses and pretty much all the game has to offer.  The physics for the most part are pretty good and slide more to the SIM side, which is a major plus.  The downside of that is the game is shallow with content and lots of cars locked away from doing hillclimb and rally cross.  Also the damage system is a joke, I dont care about cosmetic, but the actual damage to cars.  You can hit 20 trees at 100+mph and still drive away.  So good marks for SIM physics on handling but negative all those marks for actual damage.If you want a more complete, fun experience I would pick up one of the older Colin Mcray rally games or Dirt 1-3 or wait for  WRC 5. If you want more SIM type then get Richard Burns Rally."
76561198000683794,Not Recommended,310560,15687391,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,[FE]Dr-Zakoota,Love rally racing !! oh sorry .. simulation ... want to waste hours just to learn the game . oh bcoz it is SIMULATION .. not a game .. and there is no easy way to enjoy the full game .. as u will stuck in the early championships without new cars to buy .. and thats it ..this game is for limited audience who either r crazy about driving games or also have expensive steering wheel controllers etc ..  not recommended for gamers who dont have a lot of time on there hands to master game and tracks .. and want to enjoy a quick rally race .. mind it this is not the early DIRT games ..
,Not Recommended,310560,17989910,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Jaskepi,"The biggest issue I have with this game is that it is uses the same game engine that the original Dirt did. I've put a lot of time into Codemasters games and the engine has always felt like it was missing something. There hasn't been a good racing sim on this engine in my opinion. I wouldn't call this a sim like other reviews, not to call them out or anything.The cars don't handle realisticly on the asphalt tracks at all. The RWD cars are next to imposible to drive on the gravel tracks.The tracks themselves are pretty nice but there are only a few of them and only a handful of routes per track. If you stray too far from the track the game will automaticly reset your car and give you a 15 second penalty. If you come too close to a bistander then the game will reset your car and give you a 15 second penalty. Don't cut.The co-driver is inconsistant beyond belief, causing you to go off a cliff because he didn't tell you about the hairpin turn until its too late. Theres a setting that you can change to have him call out earlier or later but they never seem to be in a sweet spot.Aside from the vehicle tuning which is pretty nice, the only customization is a choice between seven liveries per car.No race lines to help you make it through a race. I loved this feature in Grid 2 multiplayer. Unfortunatly its a bit harder to learn an 8 min track by heart and the co-driver isn't much help.The games aesthetics are mildly pleasing.I understand that the game is early access and much will change so take my review as it is, an early access review. Also, I'm sure I missed a bunch so please ask questions and I'll answer them honestly."
76561198005862618,Not Recommended,310560,18780087,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dominasian,"Very much disapoi9nted.Very much disappointed. Not worth buying, has been on the market for over 4 months now, still 0 steering wheel feedback. Its pretty much Project cars with same physics and same graphics to be put in 2 different racing environments. Dirt has been arcade and they didn't bring their game up. The fact that the game is unforgiving and hard doesnt make it any better than previous titles. The enjoyment that i should be getting from realism is not there. With no tires on the back, you can compete entire stage and be 10 seconds off the top time ( thats stupid ). And in other race with 1 tire off, you cant get in any single turn properly. Co pilot yells at you that your water temps is creeping up, but you complete the stage redlining through gears. NOT RIGHT. It has flaws everywhere you look at and i dont think it will get any better. Game keeps going on sale because of no interest, updates are minimal, pvp is horrible and almost non existent."
76561198012082451,Not Recommended,310560,18296235,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,The ADHD Gamer,"First of all i DIG this game.I was really excited in waiting for the game to download. THEN i jumped into the game and found out that i was dropped into the deep end. Now i understand this is early access , however there is no TUTORIAL ... what game comes out with NO tutorial?? I am a first time 'sim' driver and well lets just say that i was horribly lost ...Look i understand there are people out there that have played the games before or have some form of rally/driving experience ,  however i have only NASCAR exp.So my only 'gripe' is to put in a tutorial of some sort so that a first timer like myself can 'learn'."
76561198219726187,Not Recommended,310560,18601829,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,donrb2,cant get this game to work right has stutter through out any function reserched comments there are other with same but steam and valve and the company who makes this game refuse to add any comment at all steam has been nothing but a pain full expierance thus far my next move will be the BBB
76561197978819472,Not Recommended,310560,15749997,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Lowfront,G27 wheel support is awful.  Don't buy game until its fixed.
,Not Recommended,310560,16209823,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Corporate Psychopath,"If you don't have a Dx11 graphics card, don't buy it because it will only come up with Error 41 whenever you try to play it. The developers didn't mention that it was Dx11 only till several weeks after releasing it so many of us have wasted £25 on a game that doesn't even work, with crappy customer support. I'm sure it's a great game, if I could play it."
,Not Recommended,310560,18017621,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Hala,"I can't recommend a game that claims to be a realistic rally simulator, but where every crash feels like a game limitation rather than me being a bad driver. I'm no expert at cars in general, but a modern WRC car should be able to powerslide through corners. Every update seems to just make this worse.If frustration and unrealistic physic limitations is your game, then this is your game. If you want a fun driving game, play any other Dirt."
76561198074711653,Not Recommended,310560,23682366,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,WhackJobRob,97% heavy gravel + RWD = frustration
,Not Recommended,310560,20121579,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MemeZOiD 🐙,"unless your a rally genius dont bother buying the game, you need to know what all the commands from the co driver and theres no driving line option. cars feel slighly acrady compare to full on simulators."
76561198726325843,Not Recommended,310560,32819821,Posted: 26 June,all,Fighter_kj7,cars always out of control !!
,Not Recommended,310560,16764455,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,gg8 | bh,"I am a huge fan of the DiRT series ( and the Colin Mcrae series back in the day).  So it pains me to see that Codemasters put this out.  It's a game that is only half completed.  The game itself does not run consistently.  60 FPS one day, 29 FPS the next.  Physics are not consistent either.  It's like car physics are the result of a random number generator half of the time.  The game is pretty, almost beautiful tho.This feels like an attempt to hop on the 'Early Access' hype train to drum up interest for the game.  That was a roaring success.  However, in my opinion, this game is not currently ready to be out like this.  I'm hoping for Version 1.0 to be amazing and a wonderful return to what Colin Mcrae Rally was all about.  I think by the end of the year, this game will be a great rally racing game.  However, DiRT: Rally V 0.450 is garbage and unplayable to me."
76561198071160072,Not Recommended,310560,18706366,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,edgar_gomez,"Barely You Have Control of the car, the roads are very tight, the times of the AI are just impossible to beat. I Have Been playing for 7 hours and I Only have one first place, almost everything in 4th and 5th place, I'm one minute behind the first place in every race almost all the time, even when I don't hit anything of leave the road.Also, almost everything, even the most insignificant piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥makes you fly, the game designer is a bump lover, every two centimeters there 's a bump that makes you lose the car control.And I 'm a big fan of racing games, and a good player too... but this game is impossible to play."
76561198011130108,Not Recommended,310560,19912658,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,21party,kinda just want my money back haha
76561198010835839,Not Recommended,310560,23379062,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DilDozer,yet another early access game that shouldnt have been released yet. full of grafical bug making many stages un playable and the online services have been down every time i looked at them. codemasters own support website is also broken and its not currently possible to create an account/ receive support.
76561198228284904,Not Recommended,310560,18706644,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,frost1949,Lousy game. Waist of money.
,Not Recommended,310560,19234024,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Wichael Mellens,Don't have a race steering wheel?Too bad.Bad with controller.Terrible with keyboard.Don't buy it unless you have a seering wheel.
,Not Recommended,310560,16474328,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,⎛⎝Duckers⎠⎞,worst handling i have seen in a rally game: way too slippery:
76561198202335749,Not Recommended,310560,34717082,Posted: 3 September,all,Dr. Ben Dover,No splitscreen/ local 2+ player co-op :(
76561198086071206,Not Recommended,310560,16314117,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,andrew.lacey,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL ITS FINISHED - I HAVE JUST ASKED FOR A REFUND FROM STEAM - THIS GAME IS WELL BROKEN. NO MATTER WHAT U DO IT WILL NOT LOAD.U HAVE BEEN WARNED - ALL U WILL SEE IS ERROR CODE 41NOT RECOMMENDED IN THIS STATE
76561198017804907,Not Recommended,310560,16388507,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Octron,"Not convinced by this game, first inpressions are not good. however this game has made me mate the Mini even more than I did before (nasty little thing, I hated working on them and never enjoyed driving them) this game so far has enforced that opinion.If you want a fun game stay away, if however you wish to waste days/weeks of you life trying to master an attempt at reality via a computer then go for it!Dirt 3 is much better, apart from the gymkhana, gymkhana sucks balls!!!"
76561198024731524,Not Recommended,310560,16271737,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,fergon,"hi guys. first timer on reviews  but all i can say in regards to dirt rally is dont bother. that not to say its a bad game,milestone make them worse. ive been playing rally games since the 90s .so i have an idea.what gets me going is that this could be a great game ,but in true codemasters  tradition the force feedback Sucks. why bother releasing driving game aimed at simmers with a all the hardware if you cant take advantage it.surely in this day and age forcefeedback is being done well right now on many titles which codemasters surely own themselves, Richard Burns runs circles around dirt rally in the physics department and that was released in 2004. who ever is in charge of ffb at codemasters should find another job .cause he aint cut out for it .if you want pretty grahphics this title will impress , but this is not a an art review. this is a driving game aimed at simmers and its barely driveable. Codemasters would probably say ""this is an alpha release"". and i say it shouldnt be released at all unless its ffb Is at least on par to richard burns at Alpha release,and impreve on that. ive kept my composure until this new patch that gives us Pickes peak for our driving pleasure .only to find after hours of downloading, more of the same pretty graphics and very little  else . i know im comming through as a bit harsh on this title but only because it a cdemasters game. they are reputable brand and the public deserve better from such an institution."
76561198069457348,Not Recommended,310560,19571414,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,« RoughRider »,"Dirt Rally:I think everyone was surprised back in April when this title was suddenly released , and me, just like many others snatched it up within the first week or so. I've played it throughout the EA program, and I've saw the changes that they put into the game. Unfortunately there is a huge drawback to this title in my opinion.When I first started playing Dirt Rally I was not really shocked that codemasters put out a game with sub-par physics and very little content. As things were built, and some things changed this title really matured, which was a great step for codies. Things were added within this game that really push it into a category of a true rally sim. It is arguably the best Rally sim to date right out of EA. It does a whole lot of things right, and the gameplay is absolutely amazing, which showed that they did care about this title, but for sim racers there just isn't enough stuff.The fact that this game seems abandoned already is the worst part about it. They have built such an engine that people could play off of for the next decade probably. Thats really sad to say. With the amount of content that there is now, and it's lame multiplayer interface I just would never justify paying a premium price for this game. In a rally sim they should have way more locations than is included in Dirt Rally. There is a fair amount of cars that are all a blast honestly, but I would rather see more plentiful amounts of tracks than cars. There is no African rally, American rally (which is gaining popularity actually) , no Asian rally, and probably a whole lot more places that feel missing within this game. The fact that codies acts like they are done with this title just sucks because they could put more time into this project and get so much out of it.The multiplayer is a pathetic, and a crappy experience. If you want to log time trials onto leaderboards with no interaction whatsoever, then It's a fantistic system; I just feel like way over half of us rally loving guys find it a rewarding system.  It's really just a single player time trial with practicaly no reward. It would be so simple for them to make something better of it, but I don't see it in the future.This game is DONE and quite frankly.... I don't think it should be.There is way more potential for it to just call it quits Codemasters, Be ashamed."
,Not Recommended,310560,19033113,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Vercetti,"I hope the final version will be something else, because to be honest, this shows no potential yet. It reminds me of cmr 2005, which was not a bad game, I liked it a lot, but come on that was 10 years ago. I am very sad about this because I was waiting for something like this for a while, but it seems like I will have to wait even more. At least for the final version."
76561198081850979,Not Recommended,310560,19981242,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dezaridan,meh. Not Worth The Money.
76561198122118405,Not Recommended,310560,20876106,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,★★LORD FRANK★★,"i did enjoy this game for the first few hours of game play but then it got very boring, i dont really play racing game. but this got me appealed to it for a little while. but i can give you one advice on this game, if you want to do good play with a console controller not your key board"
76561198063885622,Not Recommended,310560,23544463,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,benrocks261,Dissapointed. That's all I have to say.
,Not Recommended,310560,24910053,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,BasilhsGR,People comparing this unrealistic shiiiiiiiiiiitgame with pCARS and AC.......LMAO!!! Keep your money this game is BS.
76561197983676587,Not Recommended,310560,17821138,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,DrSmile,"1.) Installed2.) Setting up3.) Starting first Stage4.) First Corner comes 150m after start and im waiting to feel the gravel under me but guess - there is no force feedback, turn into corner no forcefeedback and 45degrees of deadzone in the steeringwheel - fall down a cliff (did i mentioned that there was absolute no feedback of what the car was doing - only a short feedback after you release the handbrake and start so you wake up) DFGT here4.) Deinstalled5.) RefundedSo in other words for me its just a typical codemasters graphicblender. Upgraded Dirt3 and now they try to turn this arcadegame into a ""simulation"" - and yes the menus, settings and tasks you have are all aimed to be more serious and realistic, but when the actuall driving is the most unrealistic thing........whats the ♥♥♥♥ing point? Just look at the mods available right now - still codemasters need modders to make the drivingexperience playable - there must be some very serious shortcommings in original dirt ""simulation of car"" code - so if they change the nice rallycars against some tie fighters spaceships they can use the same ""simulation code"" they have right now and the game would be much more funnier cause then it would also have the correct label.Maybe im wrong or they proof me wrong at some time and point but i dont think so. Only hope is that some modders AFTER the release will make this game in some way realistic in the carhandling and feedback but that what i was experienced was epic turn down. I wait till full release and hope there will be a demoversion also availabe."
76561198020015301,Not Recommended,310560,17963264,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Twizted Torture,game is garbage!!! tells you to set up profile then game takes you  to steam screen and closes
,Not Recommended,310560,19068465,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Mäty,"Was quite dissapointed after playing this.It's an arcade game and the ""realism"" is similar to Grand turismo.I didn't feel like i was driving a 300hp rally car, the feeling and driving was really numb.Praise the sun for steam refunds."
76561198120402340,Not Recommended,310560,17670268,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,43Newy,THIS GAME IS FREAKING AWESOME. But I'm  getting this one really annoying bug that is stopping me from enjoying this game which is the sound. I'm racing normal the all of the suddenly the noise of the game gets really distorted and i've only found this to be mostly common in the rallycross series. Please Codemasters can you fix this distorting sound in the game so i can play this awesome game freely with no hassels. Cheers
,Not Recommended,310560,17109818,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,arronaxx88,"I can't recommend Dirt Rally right now. There are severe technical issues with the game for many users. Especially if you have an AMD-only setup there seem to be quite many problems within the comunity. Here are some issues I experienced, which where all reported to the tech-section by several people and didn't receive much or any response by the devs:- Massive Input lag with G27 wheel- Force Feedback effect gets worse the longer I play. When I start the game fresh its crisp as hell, but the longer I drive the more random the FFB becomes until it only randomly forces the wheel left and right without any proper reason on the track- Subpar framerate in comparison to Asetto Corsa and Project Cars- Strange pixelated effect on vegetation (similar to Arma 2). But unlike the devs from Bohemia Interactive who could actually fix the issue Codemasters didn't deliver any form of fix. There is an option to reduce its severity but it is extremely hardware demanding and doesn't fix it 100%- Hitching. Graphics and sound hitch every 10-20 seconds. This also makes that all input changes from the last few frames aren't registered. In short: If you get a hitch in front of a turn, your brakes and steering will not register and you will go into the woods.This game has the potential to be something big and maybe, just maybe put Richard Burns Rally from the throne. When the above mentioned issues get fixed I will change my review to ""recommended"". But until then: use your 2h test period and check if those points happen on your system and maybe refund it then."
76561197971962239,Not Recommended,310560,16478843,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,mdarm,"(In English, French is below)The game is not finished, so those points could change (I'm not sure, but maybe, who knows ... )- Physic is fantasy;- Cars are not accurate;- Force Feedback is not well made;- Weather is made with lights that make it less good than with lights destroyed (you can't shut down light without breaking it down on walls XD);- Tunning is poor, you can't make a 700 HP car going over 220 km/h;- Tracks have real names but are not accurate;- You can't access result after a league / championship;- You can't stop a championship / league after begining it without loosing everything;... Don't buy this game yet, it's too early ...(en français ... )Le jeu n'est pas fini, alors ces points pourraient changer ... (je ne suis pas sûre, mais peut-être, qui sait ...)- Le moteur physique est fantaisiste;- Les voitures ne sont pas fidèles à la réalité;- le retour de force (volants) est mal fait;- la météo est faite de façon qu'avec les phares, c'est moins bien qu'avec les phares cassés (on ne peut pas les éteindre à moins d'aller de face dans les murs !);- Les réglages sont pauvres et ne servent pas à grand chose : vous ne pouvez pas faire en sorte qu'une voiture de plus de 700 chevaux dépasse 220 Km/h ...- Les pistes ont des noms réels mais ne ressemblent pas à la réalité;- Vous ne pouvez pas accéder aux résultats après un championnat / une ligue;- Vous ne pouvez pas arréter un championnat / une ligue après l'avoir commencé sans tout perdre;N'achetez pas ce jeu maintenant, il est trop tôt !"
76561198076048786,Not Recommended,310560,16817341,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,WodkaR3dBull,"Patch 0.5 ...from 60FPS to 0FPSPatch 0.5 is broken in the sense that it suddenly appears to have a memory leakage problem due to the replay function that has been implemented recently with this patch. This did not occur in the previos patch v.0.4...Please fix this otherwise it is unplayble for me. I have already tried a fix to disable replays but to no avail. Also there are a couple other bugs that make a reallly enjoable experience impossible. For example does the co-pilot give wrong turn instructions, or that you get the maximum amouth of cash reward in championship mode if you just retire from the event and advance to the next one. This is just silly stuff that could easily be fixed but instead Codemasters decided to implement a new stage to focus on other things. Unplayable at the momemt, might change rating in the futue if fixed. Thanks!"
,Not Recommended,310560,16628219,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Matthew,"I loved DiRT 2 and never had enough money for DiRT 3 but when Ralley came around I figured I go for the more realistic racing varient of DiRT than buying DiRT 3.Dont get me wrong I like this game, but its fustrating when the majority of the race im spinning out, sliding left and right down the track and little rocks keep making my car flip into trees and crash my vehical. I can never get anywhere near 3rd place at least , and the majority of the time i cant even finish a race because im too busy in the ditch.Either im a crap driver or the cars are driving on sand because i cant stay on this road for the life of me.I like a challenge, but not when it is game breaking. 7/10ps. look forward to see when this game is no longer early release, and see how things have changed"
,Not Recommended,310560,16820875,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Hey_Zues,"needs more optimization.my computer is a toaster, of that i am sure, yet my toaster will happily give me 60FPS in assetto corsa, with some AA, and other niceities, and will look pretty good.Dirt rally, even on the lowest of the setings, which make it look terrible, will give constant drops in FPS.at this stage, it's unplayable for me. i'll hold on to it though, as future content seems promising, and hopefully either it will get better optimized, or i'll get a better PC soon.edit: i dropped the settings down even lower, and... it's mostly playable. sound cuts out occasionally, but i have fun.would be nice to drive any car i like at pikes peak, rather than being limited to the 3 hill climb cars."
,Not Recommended,310560,19556625,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,cb,"Do you want to take a Group B rally car for a hillclimb up Pikes Peak?Too bad, you only get three hillclimb specific vehicles to run it.Do you want to do a hillclimb that isn't Pikes?Too bad, they made a discipline with only one track.Do you want some variety in your Rallycross?Well, does three tracks count as variety?Dirt Rally is a classic case of Codemasters spreading their content too thinly across a multi-discipline racing title. Things aren't all bad however, the upside is that they have pulled away from the arcade side of handling and in my opinion are now firmly around the middle of the arcade-simulation spectrum. On one hand the gravel feels great but on the other the tarmac is simply bad and is where the feeling of a simulation abruptly ends for me.  It's important to keep in mind that opinions on handling realism are very subjective from person to person - what feels wrong to me may feel right to you, so your mileage may vary.A quick note on FFb for wheel users, it's not bad but also not the best by far.  Still, with some tweaking it is enough to let you know what's going on with your vehicle.For what it's worth when the game first launched into early access the community manager had said this title would not be selling DLC as part of it's business model - which was great and a large factor in my purchase.  As of November 2nd the developers have said that it is now undecided, they may or they may not sell DLC.  Considering how sparse the game's content is, it seems a little back-handed to change stance regarding add-on content now.  The only reason I can't recommend this title is due to the lack of content included."
,Not Recommended,310560,18283291,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Evilworm,"Sorry, but I can't recommend this game as of 2nd October 2015. Here is my reasons:- Few tracks/locations.- Car feels like an icecube on an airhockey-table. Extremely hard to get used to, even harder than Project Cars.+ Very nice gfx. I like it, no lag looks good.+ Cool soundI might want to change my review later. Used a Xbox 360 gamepad for driving.Update 29 May 2016:Still feels horrible. Better but still horrible. In rally you constantly try keep your car on the road if you hit a bush the size of a puppy, but you always get pulled off the track. Tried to do a rallycross with 1960s Mini, and the computer drive faster than me all the time. Was luck a few times, but they pushed me out of the track every time. AI is ♥♥♥♥ed up. I do not have problems like this in other car games. Wish I haved played this game for so many hours as I would like a full refund instead. Putting this under the category 'crap games' in my library. Probably removing it from the list later."
76561198085883003,Not Recommended,310560,19719561,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,olkkonenr,As arcade than any other rally game than Richard Burns Rally. Can´t beleave that over 10 years old rally is still number one. Graphics are okay but I don´t care about it. I need rally simulation not arcade driving. Driving in Dirt rally is too easy!
76561198139393053,Not Recommended,310560,19561542,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,danpc23,"The game is really nice, might be the best rally simulator ever. very nice graphics, pshysics...BUT, a lot of stages ha extremely narrow roads! might be that even narrow then in reality... so driving experience suffer a lot because of this. I remember Sweden rally from CM 2, it has large roads so can nice drifting trought curves. now, Sweden is like: drive slow to not hit the snow from the side of the very narrow road...please make the roads larger!"
76561197972137125,Not Recommended,310560,18252550,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Lardface,"Honestly i im hugely dissapointed in this game, i was really looking forward to something like dirt 2, but this is like dirt 3 but with added bad things... For me who use a driving force GT, the game is more or less♥♥♥♥♥♥ you have to wait between downshifts and thats a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when going from 5th to 2nd or reverse to 1st, cause if your to fast you get stuck in neutral or whatever gear was between. Also the changing gear is really slow, like im a novice racer but i change gear twice the speed it does with computer doing the clutch, but without having a clutch pedal im screwed so i have to wait an hour before i dare touch the gas or i might get some intense oversteed or whatever. And the fact you cant use a mouse in the menus make this so frustrating that i dont even care anymore, id stay away from this, i would like my money back its so bad, but i dont know if steam does that."
,Not Recommended,310560,31490611,Posted: 1 May,all,Duggy,"do not buy this game no customization, and almost impossible to win if you are a normal human. oh yeah and the campain is so♥♥♥♥♥♥xD 3/10 would not play ever again"
,Not Recommended,310560,16805703,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,barissaracli,"Great graphics, grat cars and sounds BUT:Why cant my 300 hp subaru cant go over 70 kmh or why does it take this car to go to 2nd gear about 15 seconds on a straight? I know it is a rally sim but does it have to be so SLOW? Why cant I take a turn at 11 kmh? And I dont wanna talk about going uphill, which I can do faster with a shopping trolley!And after the latest update, the performance is worse, whereas before the update I could play it on max settings @60fps.I really pushed myself to love this game but, no, I can't."
76561198020361379,Not Recommended,310560,16490639,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Radbanshee,Wow 2015 and the grafix and simulation are horrable. No more Dirt games for me. Will stick to playing Project Cars and GTA V ........Refund please.........
76561197968902218,Not Recommended,310560,19146289,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,MyarSurtz,"No Sir,I Don't like it.Tried to like it but I don't.RallyX you can poke up yer ringpiece I will stick with Richard Burns Rally RSRBR 2015 and beyond.Subaru and the mudflap?"
76561197987107990,Not Recommended,310560,18017696,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,R00iValk,Too frustrating having to work up enough cash to get the next car. Dissapointing. Graphics choppy - even on a i7 with a R9 270.
,Not Recommended,310560,19721841,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Sandpiper,"Well the controls are bad and the game is poorly laid out, also the gameplay is bad you can spend an hour on several races and have the last turn of the last rase total your care so you loose all the money you gained."
76561197967356946,Not Recommended,310560,19713603,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Goose,This is one of the worst optimized racing games I have ever played. If you can get past the menu lag (somewhat fixed on 1.0 update) then you have to deal with racing through jello. Even on low settings with my setup I have extreme lag in windowed mode. In order for the game to be playable you need to run on low settings in fullscreen mode. This game is trash but once you get it running its a great rally game. But beware that you have a high chance of pixelated bushes and trees looking like grid lines no matter how smooth your game runs. In 10 years on steam this is the only game that I have ever wrote a poor review about just because of the potential and lack of support from devs.Amd fx 8320 3.50ghz eight core16gb ramwindows 7 64bitradeon r9 280x crossfire (tried without crossfire) (running latest crimson drivers)1tb samsung SSD
,Not Recommended,310560,17746988,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,chameleon,"Pros:- Great looking graphics and stages- Some incredible rally cars includedCons:- Wheel support is beyond terrible- Force feedback is pretty bad and uncommunicativeIf you are into simulations and use a wheel controller this game will probably disappoint you in it's current state. The steering feels non-linear and unlike the other games I usually play (RBR, Assetto Corsa, LFS). The most important thing in a racing sim is the controller input and feedback and it just doesn't seem to exist yet. At the time of review this game is a hefty $40 so I can't recommend it until they fix this."
76561197970955317,Not Recommended,310560,19748266,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Nils,"I would like to write a review, but the game kills my USB devices before I even get to drive, two times I could drive about 100 meters, but that´s it so far. No matter where I plug in my devices or if I let some out, happens all the time. The only way to get out is to press the reset button on my computer and reboot. So for me it looks like I spent money and did not get anything. My rig (working perfectly on assetto corsa, rFactor1&2, basically any game/sim) consists of T500RS, TH8RS shifter, DSD button box and fanatec pedals."
76561198081612192,Not Recommended,310560,19778213,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,mcpuffin,"i thought someone was joking when they said this game doesn't use ""WASD"" for driving control, but its actually true LoL!refund"
76561198113754151,Not Recommended,310560,23101058,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,dansteely58,IF I WOULD HAVE KNOWN THERE WAS NO OCULUS SUPPORT I WOULD NEVER HAVE PURCHASED IT!
,Not Recommended,310560,19736572,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,NCC1701JR,what a total ♥♥♥♥ing bust!!!!!! handling is sooooo crap it doenst even drive right. steeringwheel often disfunctions only in this game. UI is so stupid they just ram you in a barrier. total crap this game!!!
,Not Recommended,310560,19088477,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,human-drragon,absoutly rubish
,Not Recommended,310560,18279850,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,lowrez,"I dislike it for one simple fact. It won't run on my system. No matter what settings I choose I can't get good FPS out of this game. Thats pretty pathetic seeing as I can play Project Cars, GRiD Autosport, DiRT 3, GTA IV, and Assetto Corsa with no problmes. Really!? Work on your rendering engine guys this is pathetic!!!"
,Not Recommended,310560,16786094,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,the real nibba,"One of the steepest learning curves I've ever experienced. Had fun for a little bit, thought I just needed some practice, but gave up after playing many many many sessions of tracks, switching from track to track occasionally so I wouldn't be good on just one. It's just not there for me. It's a Codemasters game, which means it will probably be of good quality, but as of now I give it a thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,310560,15737159,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Rex De Deus,"I havent played a lot of this game yet so keep that in mind in reading this.  I feel like this game needs to be renamed ice skating simulator. I've been driving both the mini cooper and the lancia fulvia and both of them slide around needlessly at incredibly low speeds, i understand they have small tires and little grip on light dirt. However IRL i have driven on very light dirt in very mediocre cars and i did not start slipping off to the edge at 10-20 km/h on hair pin corners. It just is a bit ridiculous. This game makes you feel like your crawling along, and worst still that this is too fast. I dont feel like its realistic and i dont like the fact that early game in career mode all you have is two cars that slide around. Maybe it gets better later on but so far its been a struggle to stick with this game."
,Not Recommended,310560,16541716,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Frank,If you don't have a 300 dollarydoo steering wheel don't buy it.♥♥♥♥♥♥controller support and♥♥♥♥♥♥keyboard controls. oh and no difficulty setting so yeah. Good luck getting anywhere without dumping hours upon hours trying to get better.
,Not Recommended,310560,17277038,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Zergkäsepony,"This game has input delay. introducing input delay via steering filtering to a game should be punishable by death.input delay and steering dampening means that the rate at which the in game steering wheels turn is very limited. the game takes about 0.5 to a full second for a full turn, which alienates the player from the vehicle and just adds an annoying layer of abstractionhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvf7RSn747g"
,Not Recommended,310560,25778462,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,wbk,"I wanted one decent racing game to experience in VR with my DKII.  I am sure this is a good nonVR rally game but in VR I had my head above the car before fiddling with the lacklustre Oculus Home setup to 'fake' my height - I wish Oculus home would go away as it's too many hoops to jump through for no reason.Also after fiddling in setup to get my view in VR within the actual car I am driving when ever I move within my chair the camera is not adjusting for it - I have to stay perfectly upright to not have my head be placed inside the virtual drivers chest at points.This isn't a game designed for VR unfortunately in that regards, so it's just tacked on right now.  Maybe DiRT Rally2 will address this - but really just give me a Burnout game in VR on the PC already someone please!"
76561198062794537,Not Recommended,310560,17920665,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,b!2R+tIcJ`wYAx3b^wbC,"On a GTX560/4CorePhenom@3,6 dirt rally is hardly playable. All options need to be adjusted to minimum setting.Yet the gameplay is not as smooth as it needs to be. Especially the occurance of trees seems to reduce performance further thus leading to a choppy framerate for a blink of an eye. The game then accelerates by delivering the following frames at a higher rate than before. Additionally the sound jitters.The player is automatically joined to some social community named racenet. This is really 5 minus for players who do not want and need any enforced socialization. Some options wrt to those social issues are urgently required."
,Not Recommended,310560,15818322,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,djfree00,the game doesn't play anymore played once after buying it than never again and the patch won't download either or link is broken so you can't even down load patch so game will play.plz fix because i bought it on steam and now doesn't play any more.so untell the game patch etc loads on steam i will not buy new codemaster games and not recommend there products
76561198333824737,Not Recommended,310560,34521449,Posted: 26 August,all,c0des1x,"It doesn't load on my Windows 10, Black screen or ""Executable has stopped working""."
,Not Recommended,310560,15862174,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Blood eye Miata,"The driving couldnt be worse,♥♥♥♥♥♥was less response than an autistic giraffe being chased by a lion. the firsts cars are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ performance wise, acceleration its automatically controlled♥♥♥♥♥♥ same as steering ratio, i really hoped alot after dirt3 but this, this is terrible"
76561198065512668,Not Recommended,310560,30470631,Posted: 12 March,all,Bugajs,"Pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Make one small mistake on track, and you might just restart the race. Zero forgiveness. You have to grind one track for a win... Its a big nope for me. It's really that hard to add difficulty level in career mode? ..........."
76561197970539398,Not Recommended,310560,19558040,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,long shot,dirt 3 is still way way better
,Not Recommended,310560,19641425,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,请EG战队选择交通工具,Can you imagine such a racing game that can't run in fullscreen?
76561197972992685,Not Recommended,310560,15664938,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Panssarikauhu,"Read the reviews highlighting that this is a simulator and decided to give it a try. Compared to RSRBR this is not a simulator, its too easy to be a simulator. Although this is still early access, I do not see it to develop into one.-The steering feels like Sega Rally-Not enough options to customize controller-No mouse controlling for menus+Graphics look nice+Sounds are ok"
76561198182958025,Not Recommended,310560,15802009,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,KeithHaney87,"wheel dont work proper, game sucks because of it"
76561198009763115,Not Recommended,310560,15873530,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Andy,Its a good game but extremely hard to play with a generic controller id say a wheel is a must for it which is a bit disappointing since i was expecting it to be a playable game for everyone. However it is still early days and its not yet the full release so hears hoping they change some small details.
76561198000783331,Not Recommended,310560,23529511,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,kjij,"Game is really bad compared to all the other dirts , I have been a fan of dirt games since for ever.Once i got into this game first fullscreen doesn't work secondly all the keys are dramatically different from all other dirts(idk wht devs tought) and last thing the steering is really bad and you can't even change the sensitivty of the wheel"
76561198136673525,Not Recommended,310560,15704421,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,★[72nd]JC35_Twistt★,"I Really like the look and the game itselfPros - Looks Good , Nice Cars , Good Graphics , Nice AtmosphereCons - Cant use PS4 Controller , When i press ESC Or Shift + Tab game instantly Crashes i would really recommend it just needs a little bit more work"
,Not Recommended,310560,34466916,Posted: 24 August,all,U.S.S.R | KGB CPT. Mr.Wicxii,its♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198145660333,Not Recommended,310560,19057451,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,SofaKingFail,"I would NOT recommend this game to anyone period.  Aside from the graphics which are top quality, the game play isn't for a casual gamer.  Unless you have a PHD in Mech Engineering, all the options for setting up your vehicle are overwhelming.  The handling of each vehicle is to simply put it . . . Horrible.  When you are racing on a track the very slightest mistake sends you off course and destroying your vehicle or you get off track and get stuck and the in game recover your vehicle option does't show up so you just sit there unable to do anything but restart.  I bought the game because multiple sites claimed it was the greatest thing since sliced bread, it isn't.  Maybe they didn't have the out of control loading screens that after you get through them all to get to a single race it takes 4 minutes of your time to race for 3 minutes.  It isn't a pick up and play style of game.  Only for hardcore diehard rally fans. Restarting a race is only fun the first 5 or 10 times before the fun factor goes out the window.  I'm not saying I'm the best racer out there but I don't feel as if I'm the worst having played multiple racing games. No matter how many times I have tried over the last few months of me playing this game on and off (forcing myself basically since I spent money on it)I finish no better than fourth and if you crash get a flat  anything average finish is 6th.  Another horrible downfall imo is the online events. I would have to rate t a Negative 10.  Rewards aren't worth attempting the near impossible car setups and tracks with no restarts.  Again geared for the hardcore and not a casual or someone looking for pick up and play. Its a real shame I remeber the previous dirt games being a blast to play.  If you are in the market for a rally game go with the older versions and have some fun.  All this version of rally will do is stress you out make you wanna punch baby kittens and throw your controller.  Then again it might just be me. Maybe I'd recommend this game if it was free so no one lost any hard earned money but since you got to pay I'd say pay for something else."
76561198036364476,Not Recommended,310560,28498141,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Joker,Where is my htc vive support?
,Not Recommended,310560,32654064,Posted: 22 June,all,Helping Hoof,Not an enjoyable experience at all.
,Not Recommended,310560,24282231,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Unpleasant,"Awful game, completely useless on a keyboard. Doesn't say in the description you need a controller or wheel, but you do.Community is awful, nothing but spoilt kids that want to argue."
76561198052896501,Not Recommended,310560,19599550,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,【≽ܫ≼】Leͥgeͣnͫd,"The worst racing game ever created on PC or anywhere , this is complete GARBAGE, save your self the time and money , dont bother. But hey , if you like driving something that feels like a big massive TURD, sliding around on ICE , go ahead , the tracks in this game are like driving on pure ice , no feeing on the cars , its ice skating with a turd, the cars handle not like any other racing game in history , its complete and utter garbage , Dirt 3 is 100 times better then this game , and that sais it all, the GFX is so bad on the tracks it self i mean ..... im shocked , its pure complete garbage the GFX as well as handeling and every thing bout this games fysics and mechanicks , the online system is a joke and no fun modes as in previous dirt games , not 1 mod , just terrible levels and nothing more."
,Not Recommended,310560,15758586,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tachyon,Oculus Rift support is very spotty. Game runs in 2D @ 60hz. Camera angles are very bad. I would not recommend this game to someone looking for a great VR experience. iRacing still has the best VR support as far as racing sims are concerned.
,Not Recommended,310560,15687964,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,PIGGY,"Even with settings changed, the co-driver is alllllways late on calling the corners,  you will be mid race pulling a fast stage, and all of a sudden, ur hitting corners as he's shouting them out, or shall i say casually just whispering them corners to you  REALLY annoyingALSO Steam Code Error 41   crashing your game, for no reason ?? and yes i have a monster of a pcGAME IS F U   C K I   N G   SH I T !"
,Not Recommended,310560,29787314,Posted: 8 February,all,Mraasland,After 3 bloody good games you manage to perfectly ♥♥♥♥ it up.... you have removed flashbacks and totally destroyed the dirt driving style... i do really hope Dirt4 is better than this
76561198019862058,Not Recommended,310560,15632336,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,C.Upson,"Good game that needs work, thats why i voted to not reccommend. I have the g27 wheel and am not impressed with the controls. i have to use paddles, the 6 speed gearbox i have will not work. clutch doesnt have a use if there is no gearbox this is ridicuous why havent you made it compatable with the clutch and gearbox from g27?? literally everyone uses this wheel i dont understand how hard is it to make the gearbox and clutch work??? that is why i bought the game to shift, not this paddle shifting bull sh*t. also wheel doesnt look like its moving the same as mine. should go around 900* in game to match what my wheel likes like, but iT seems like it goes to 500* or something less looks terrible from the cockpit. Graphics are mediocer definetly needs to be updated so bland and not colorful. phyics are decent only driven the mini cooper. fun but needs polish. ALOT atleast for my standards. if u can fix that i will gladly change my review.Thanks, C"
76561198064785895,Not Recommended,310560,32288336,Posted: 9 June,all,david.bladen,Awful. What a waste of money.There is no consistancy in the way the cars handle. They seem to slide one monent then grip the next. No settings to adjust this or to ease up the the AI to compensate for the awkward cornering.Sounds like DIRT 4 will be the same :( Rally games used to be decent.
76561198149697696,Not Recommended,310560,15662601,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,NineAngryCamels,so far ive bought but cannot play it because evertime i start a race it will load then just exit me out of the game. :(
76561198120604261,Not Recommended,310560,22906202,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,shoe,I hate this goddamn game
76561197969700095,Not Recommended,310560,15691500,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,larsen,"I'm really disappointed in this game. It handles, and has the physics of all the other Dirt-games which hasn't been good. I was really hoping they'd make a real rally game again, but I guess it's back to Colin McRae Rally 2.0.."
76561197993900153,Not Recommended,310560,23279922,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,USA BIG BAD DOG CATCH IF U CAN,"Hell i can go around coners faster in my Chevrolet Silverado 3500 Duramax 6.6Ldual one ton and i am a real car car driver too so i know what i am talking about. i drove the cars in the game they drove like ♥♥♥♥ dont handle good   The cars in the game drive bad dont handle good. You dum programs need to drive real cars then drive the cars in the game u can see the diff mybe. Cars dont handle good like in the race games dirt 3, f1 2014, grid or Toca race driver 3, Need for speed Hot Pursuit, dirt, they have the cars driving like ♥♥♥♥ do not buy this game they need to fix it."
76561197970623368,Not Recommended,310560,15676603,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,waynei,"Problems with poor framerates continue with Dirt games. since the issue has not been addressed over the years, can't see this happening with ""RALLY"" either."
,Not Recommended,310560,23514019,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,[E.FF]Thadwookie,"Every single time i alt+tab the game goes back to windowed mode and 1078 or something resolution, what the ♥♥♥♥ this game sucks rated down. They dont care about us PC people. all they care about is consle, they dont have windows.."
76561197999948481,Not Recommended,310560,28639351,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,rampojuusto,"Worst driving game I have ever played. I did read some reviews before buying the game and got the impression that this is rally simulator. In reality it turned out to be arcade game made for kids. This game is completely unplayaple with wheel/pedal controller. I really don't see any point in this, complete waste of hard drive space and my hard earned money."
76561198054930589,Not Recommended,310560,15655841,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,egil_teige,"Good start, needs more work"
76561198022007442,Not Recommended,310560,15677322,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,anastazio84,"You should be sued for misleading marketing,if this is a sim i am a parrot,the physics are so inaccurate!!!!Outrageous!I doubt that you put any effort to implement proper physics,just copy paste from your other pathetic dirt games.Reviewers should have told that you are making an other crap rally game just without the gymkhana patheticfest but not a sim,i would still have my 30 euros."
12636969465649666,Not Recommended,310560,15630588,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Sabs,"YES this game looks amazing sound and visually BUT there is a question about the physics, i found that i wanted to turn the stability and traction down but to me it felt totally unreal, like dancing on ice unfortunately, i give this a thumbs down the speed relativity and cornering are somewhat sluggish as there is no  get up an go in the perfomance, this needs alot of tweaks before i pick it up again, a fan of rallying i am but my personal opinion on this is that whilst the fundamentals are there of great game to be, there are too many draw backs, for me i messed with the settings on one part and re run over and over again, exhausting all options thru brake bias to suspension settings, but i couldnt get the performance or handling i was looking for.dirt 3 has a much better feel, i know there will be haters but reviews are opinions take it or leave it but it doesnt get my vote until the dev puts some fire into the performance and handling,on a summary this potentially could be the ultimate rallying experience since my days on colin mc crae on console, it looks stunning the call overs, the detail your fixated, it has you hooked until you take the hairpins and your left frustrated at inconsistency you cant keep boredness will creep in, or your♥♥♥♥♥♥quenching down a straight  but somewhat find the steering has a mind of its own and you end up 3 fields out, and whilst you find it fustrating theres not enough time to mend your vehicle youll be bored and back on something else before you know it."
76561198013014623,Not Recommended,310560,31961995,Posted: 25 May,all,Uwe Wöllner,Console Junk for Arcade Kids who have never driven a car.
76561197991912715,Not Recommended,310560,15599897,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Fantic,"Could be an amazing game, however steering wheel controls are all over the place. I use a Thrustmaster T300 RS, and setting up was nice and easy. However the wheel seems to have a massive deadzone of about 90 degrees. You literally get 0 feedback from the first 90 degrees in each direction. The wheel feels really lose in your hands, almost like it's not there, unless of course you go past the 90 degree zone. It's incredibly hard to get a feeling for the cars when there is no feedback to the wheel. Secondly, and most annoying is the handbreak. I should have known that a handbreak would be absolutely needed, but never thought about the button mapping. Having a button mapped for handbreak on the wheel makes it IMPOSSIBLE to actually use when you need it. With a full 180 degree turn, the wheel is up-side down, making that handbreak button impossible to hit ... and you need it a LOT. Steering in general feels off, especially in the starter cars.Has the ability to be AMAZING. Looks absolutely fantastic! However controls are just not there yet, and not sure how they will sort the button mapping for handbreak. This game is clearly made for the controller, which plays pretty well. However, no point in playing a racing game using a controller, when you have a 1000 quid race wheel set-up.EDIT: After a few more hours, and mapping the handbreak to my clutch pedal, the game seems to work alright. However trying to learn to use the clutch as a handbreak is not exactly how I expected to play a game (using a work around.)Still a no-go from me I'm afraid. Steering wheel calibration would be GREAT, as the central zone seems to be off, making the car steer right."
,Not Recommended,310560,15632893,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,RS197768,"Even when a game is early access I would suspect that some things would have been better implemented. Aiming at a more realistic game I think to much ""console/arcade"" style is present. Especially when setting up the game. You would suspect that all settings regarding driving would be in options. Why should I then select my gearbox in my profile? 1960's 1970's cars with no option to use H-shift? Setting up mixed controls. I use keyboard for menu options and my steering wheel in game. The menu only shows the buttons used on the wheel to ""guide you"" in the menu's. Some buttons are not even set by me. I do not know all button numbers of my wheel. But I can train myself to use a logical setup. But if some buttons are not available to setup it gets difficult. Also the read out of some buttons is strange. A push buttons is read as a Axis control. I tis not a pedal so why would it no be mapped as a button? (Thustmaster T500RS which gets detected in game.) Also as already acknowledged FFB is terrible. You would expect a good feel of the surface. But it seems wheel are midair. The feeling is just bad. Wheel calibration and setting a fixed degree of turning in game would be nice. This so that I do not have to change the wheel setup in general. I know there are games that can set max wheel rotation independent if my wheel has a thustmaster profile that is higher. Software rotation lock as said would be preferred.Graphics in game are good. I guess a lot of work has gone into making the game eye pleasing. For a more hardcore rallygame that, even when wanting to create an easy introduction to rally for newcomers, physics should be key.Career mode. If you are not into rally but want to get into a career mode which takes you along the lower classes up with guidance and training would be nice. A sort of rally school implementation.Maybe you could create 2 pace note orientations. I prefer 1 to be an easy corner while 6 should be a hard corner. Currently it is the other way round. An option to choose between the 2 would be very nice.At this point a lot of work still has to be done. I will wait until the early access is more progressed, to give it another try. But I cannot recommend this game at this point.As I need to choose between recommend yes and no I picked no but actually it should have an option MAYBE. If the problems get solved I would maybe recommend it. But for now it is a no."
,Not Recommended,310560,15618614,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,MAXEL,"i know that this is a beta game, but actually the handling is bad, and the physics over all feels bad like your car has 4 flat tires, but the idea in general is great and i love it, but today i have to say that the driving experience is a deal breaker, and i repeat i know that the game is in a beta period but for that reason im sending feedback about it, and mi feedback right now is to not recommending this game to people that are not prepared for an unfinished game."
76561198155391652,Not Recommended,310560,15607291,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Padawan3801,"Hi ,I have installed Dirt Rally yesterday evening and played around 10mn.To me the external graphics are OK but the rest is not, I’d rate it maximum 20% of final dvpt.It feels like a – bad – 10 years old arcade/simulation game, RBR is still far better.- the force feedback is very bad -> no feeling with the ground- the interface is strange- cars behaviors are similar between Fluvia and S4, only the power feeling differs- the internal graphic is bad - wheel mvt is strange- the co-pilot voice is not a rally game one- the cars sound is very average- etc ....According to me still a huge work to do.Rgds"
,Not Recommended,310560,15628182,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,LSG | Mach,"Horrible game and I absolutely hate it at the moment.  I might be wrong but they expect you to struggle through 16 races driving an elephant on ice skates before advancing to the next tournament where you might get a better car?  This game has terrible physics, my car was more stable at top speed then it was at 10mph.  I've been a fan of DiRT and their series for a long time but this brought me nothing but utter dissapointment and frustration."
76561197966532600,Not Recommended,310560,15624258,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,[BA]Smurf,Bad start of this game......... Error 41 and♥♥♥♥♥♥..Recommend this game??  humm  later maybe
,Not Recommended,310560,15644639,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,base64,"I have a setup that works perfectly for Dirt3 including a thrustmaster italia wheel, and a high end gfx card.  This game makes it impossible to go fullscreen (windowed mode only regardless of settings), and while it detects the wheel in the settings menu, as soon as starting a level, it claims 'controller disconnected' and nothing brings the wheel back online including restarting it, etc.  The wheel reports as fine in my control panel so I know it's this game and it's bugs.  Great idea but I am entirely fed up with studios releasing half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥games on pre-order.  I just paid $40 for absolutely nothing."
76561197994520686,Not Recommended,310560,15607919,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,boeing767,"Well I am slightly more negative than positive, why? After reading the announcement that Dirt is back to the old Colin McRea style I was happy and bought it directly!Well they say (some reviews) that this game is a simulator. Well if you think you will get a simulator you are wrong. I also didn't expect a full simulator, but a nice mix between simulator and arcade, the best of both worlds .. Hmm I played Dirt 4 and all the old Colin Mc Rea games and some other rally games in the past, but it's not the same. I know the game is still in progress but so far I'm a bit disappointed.The handeling of car is tricky, look at some video on Youtube. You have to steer al the time, left right, left right, etc. The problem is that I got the feeling that you have to do this because the steering is to sharp/direct. You also don't feel what the car is doing. I'm using a Logitech G25 and already lowered the sensitive and increased the deadzone, but without any result. So you steer to steer, just like you are drunk, you are correcting all the time. Also the grip is strange, some corners you can't take with a speed off 30 (km/h) because of understeer, but when you apply the throttle you are able to take this corner (with the same speed)... Well I aspect this with a rear powered car, not with a front wheel powered car ;) , this should only increase the understeer, so I have good hope the will corrected this.Another issue is the Co-driver. Advice, 6th Gear left corner? Well my car has only a 4-speed gearbox, this must be a joke :)And then the sound, let's hope this is still a beta sound, because the Impreza and the Lancia are just terrible.... Bleh.When you are off track you will be resetted automaticly (when you drop from a cliff) or within 8 seconds, but with a 13/14 second penality? Hmmm, don't know if I'm a huge fan of this, I already lost a lot of time, but well this makes the game harder (no issues with that), but this doesn't make it a simulator right ;) ?Overall i'm a bit disappointed, I expected a better car handeling (not easier), the biggest problem is that I doesn't feel what the car does, the handeling is difficult because of what I wrote earlier and because of the strange handeling in some corners.If the fix this, I will definitely change my mind from negative to positive! I was hoping to get a nice mix between simulator and arcade to get a game you would like to play over and over, but so far this isn't the case (in my opinion). I expected more realism and less arcade..."
,Not Recommended,310560,15592017,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,BROCHELLE [OT],"If you are buying this for VR right now, dont.  Just wait for a patch.  It does not work well, has bugs, just wait.  I hope that Codemasters will take this one seriously.  They owe it to me after they messed up Grid 2."
76561198204197152,Not Recommended,310560,15590816,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,duanecarr,"Nice to see Codemasters on another Dirt.Everything sounds great but realistic sim is not doing 15 mile an hour to turn the car. Brakes seem very unresponsive unless car is under 15 mile per hour. A sim is only worth playing if it is also fun. Cars are extremely difficult to do anything except jerking side to side. Hand brake is a better all use brake over the foot brake. This is early but if Dirt 3 was so popular as it is, why take the game control in a dissappointing direction>"
76561198009152420,Not Recommended,310560,23474107,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Jeremy Christ,impossible
,Not Recommended,310560,23496534,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Oblaque,:(
,Not Recommended,310560,15587556,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,NathanielGames,"from the first 10 minutes of game play, this game plays like a bad version of dirt 3. The car feels like it's moving through mallasses making all sorts of noise with no feedback as to it's accelleration except for the tac going red. Getting a refund.This game should not be purchased until it is finished. Playing this in it's currents state will only make you not want to ever come back to it even when it is completed.To the designers.- The dirt trail behind you is nice, but honestly it looks awful. the dirt comes from nowhere out the back your car and just trails behind you like a stream of smoke from a canister. needs work,- The audio needs tweaking as well as the engines make too much noise compared to the feeling of speed that I'm getting out of the terrain. Some ambient world noises when accelerating or going at a faster speed would allow the player to judge their speed not just on the spedometer, which is hard to look at when you're trying to do the course.This game is not for casuals, or beginners, which, in my opinion at least, is what dirt racing games are more targetted towards.I may repurchase this on full release of the game, but as for now I'm not going to pay to play a game that is ""early access"". To be honest I would get out of the ""early access"" world. Make great games that are polished and play fun, not broken games that feel half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and indy. You guys are way better than that."
76561198065675959,Not Recommended,310560,15587856,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Gabe_62,"Why no 1280 x 720p resolution ????????????????????/This game is messing up my pc big time. All other Codies games have what is a pretty standard resolution of a HD TV.Can't reset it as there is no Safe Mode exe file, and adding -safemode to the exe file doesn't work - just crashes the game."
76561197971666666,Recommended,310560,18386430,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Guyw,Feels like Richard Burns Rally which is a very good news for sim driving people like me <3. I hope they will make a good tutrial like in richard burns so skills and technique could be mastered. Great game!
76561198058675567,Recommended,310560,18386597,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Skirnir,This will result in losing my driver's license.
76561198122710526,Recommended,310560,30428035,Posted: 10 March,all,hendymarkov48,Beautiful graphics
,Recommended,310560,30429173,Posted: 10 March,all,JewJitsue'd,Good game
76561198292033259,Recommended,310560,30396662,Posted: 8 March,all,vroomuntilboom,"Linux/Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, 1440p, gtx 960, solid 60 frames on high settings. Just a great game and a solid port to linux."
,Recommended,310560,30406102,Posted: 9 March,all,✪ maketzone,awesome
76561198057540090,Recommended,310560,19107945,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Poodlepoodle,"Great game! Goes right up the same ally as RBR! The physics in the dirt feel pretty real, the tarmac needs a little work on, but getting close!The Pikes Peak Hill climb is very fun and very close to real life! I live in Colorado Springs and always hike up Pikes Peak every year to watch the event!I currently race at PPIR and my goal in life is to race up the Pike Peak Hill climb event, so whats better than to start working on right here! 4.8 out of 5!"
,Recommended,310560,19107009,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,PeTTs0n,"I tried playing this with keyboard controls, I'm no longer a sane person. WASD/10"
,Recommended,310560,18945377,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,dilipvinu,"Really good game. I don't buy games often, but this is something I definitely recommend."
76561197968187930,Recommended,310560,19112296,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,[Rocky]fury_dude,first of all could have not asked for a better rally game just needs finishing offit the tracks are greatthe tracks are long and hardsound is greatno lag on serversgame runs well with no  problems am running it on full settings and getting 60fps on triple monitorsabout time someone made a game worth playingthe only down side to this game is the online only has 3 tracks at min and they are short tracks in rallycrossbut at the min this game is a ( EARLY ACCESS ) game so no doubt more tracks will comei would love to see upgrades in this game like turbos ect and more cars  and tracksbut apart from this the game is  well worth a playthanks for reading
76561198215902372,Recommended,310560,17298665,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Kolboy123,Very good game. The only racing game that you need!
76561197996149107,Recommended,310560,18458328,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Juhis,Very good driving physics. And that opinion is based to me watching rally and throwing my rusty peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥around finnish country roads. xD It is very addicting to try finish a stage without wrapping your car around a tree :D
76561198065304394,Recommended,310560,18886055,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Arnett36,"HOW DO I TAKE THIS D*** TURN!!!!10/10 would write a review again to blow off steam (ha get it steam, ha ha ha)"
76561198139239834,Recommended,310560,19127018,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Béďa,Awesome! :)
76561198049624482,Recommended,310560,17032435,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,apsionrichards,"Fantastic game, thanks codemasters. I hate the way companies have used DLC's over the past years, but I'd be more than happy to be paying for what codemasters are giving for free during this development phase.I was a big fan of RBR and the mods that came afterwards. As the creator of Dirt Rally stated, this game is not as hard to drive as RBR, which is a good thing on the whole, but I would like there to be a little more difficulty! One area I feel is too easy is slowing the car down, slamming on the brakes does not have the same consequence as in RBR or in real life. But the positive side to this handling is it makez you attack the stage and take risks, and that's where the fun and mistakes happen!The graphics is fantastic, the selection of car is good, the stages are fantastic and the career mode works well. I've played over 30 hours of this game already, I've never played a single player gamethis much in my life, and with the multiplayer add on coming soon I'll probably never need another racing game! My poor old Project Cars game has been neglected since I came across Dirt Rally, and I thought that was the best driving game ever!Must buy for any rally fan."
76561198064081457,Recommended,310560,17040895,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Lisa-Azra,"A very good game working its way to be great. As visually stunning as Dirt 3, maybe even better the game looks brilliant, dust, water and scenery. Although I tend only to see the trees in detail when I plough straight into one. It is better than WRC 4 in the graphics department which always suffered from having distances look like a water colour backdrop.Game play, it is still in early access so changes will happen. The roads and tracks have a 3D feel, bumps will bounce you and if tackled wrongly throw you into a cliff or off one. This gives the game a very technical feel. Vibration is good and by the end of the stage your arms and shoulders feel as if you have wrestled a 60's mini around Wales. It is a little more forgiving than Dirt 3 which I found when you went off track it would always spin you out while with Dirt Rally you may be lucky and just loose some valuable seconds. That is not to say it is more arcade like Dirt 2, oh no.Sound is good, none out that annoying commentary which Dirt 3 had. Less music. The co-driver is either very un-interested or the most un-fazed person in the entire history of the human race. In the previous dirt games I did like making my co driver scream in absolute terror with my outstanding driving skills.Wheel and joystick set up are my only true concern but feedback from many players have outlined the same. Early access so the game can and will change. I personally hope with the inclusion of a lot more tracks and cars, even if they port tracks from the previous dirt games is fine. I hope they do not dilute the true rally experience with gymkhana, rally cross and trucks. Codemasters put those in a separate game, I like them, I would buy but I want an all out rally game and you have the makings with the best with this one.Would I recommend, hell yes"
,Recommended,310560,17205733,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Svensk Smörgåstårta,"I like it alot, It gets a bit boring after a while with you get fimiliar with how the tracks is. But the rally pshysics is awesome and i recomend the game!"
76561197970728591,Recommended,310560,17264979,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Shrike,"It has been a damn long time, but finally we have a proper rally simulator.Do you have a wheel? If not get one, Dirt Rally requires it for maximum immersion.Hate difficulty? Don’t buy this, it’s hard – but so is RL racing.Codemasters is fixing FFB (Force feedback), there a couple of fixes by users you can find online to improve the current FFB until then.Buy it! Get Mad! Have fun."
,Recommended,310560,17265265,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Shamalama,AMAZINGLY AMAZINGBUY ITOutside access to leaderboards would be epic thoughCheers codies for putting real effort in this time
,Recommended,310560,17267086,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Varski The Chief,This is the best modern rally game. The cars and stages are great and the handling model is now really good compared to many of todays racing games. Also Codemasters is still adding content to this and after every update the game seems to get even better. There is enough content for you to enjoy it even now the game is in early access state. I definately recommend this game.
76561198032627762,Recommended,310560,17248156,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Defusr,Amazing Rally Simulator8.5/10
,Recommended,310560,17252174,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,shortspecialbus,"Very good rally game, also very difficult.  Has some issues, primarily with some of the initial setup options, as well as a frustraing FFB model.  If you have a wheel, I strongly suggest looking for the IMPACT ffb mod for Dirt Rally and following their instructions as it'll make the game much more controllable.  Also, for those struggling, doing the following made a HUGE impact on my success to the point where it felt like I could point to what I did wrong with my mistakes rather than being confused:1.) Disable the HUD.  It's INCREDIBLY distracting, at least to me, and disabling it immediately improved my driving considerably because I was able to focus on the road rather than not seeing it for all the signs that pop up over everything.2.) Download/configure the FFB mod I mentioned earlier.  HUGE difference in control, you'll no longer feel like you're fighting against the game.3.) Disable the assists with the possible exception of ABS.  They seem to cause more problems than they help with.4.) If using a wheel and H-Shifter (I have a g27,) set the paddles to be the handbrake rather than a tiny button.  The times you most need the handbrake to save yourself, i.e. you screwed up an acute turn, your wheel is usually too cranked around to find it.  Setting both paddles to handbrake eliminates that and helps a ton5.) Set the co-driver calls to ""Early.""  They come too late on normal.My major complaint lies with some of the physics, where the slightest bump on a rock, cliff, or berm/ditch will send the car airborne where it can live out its fantasies of being a crashing plane.  It's *way* too easy to get this thing airborne and doing barrel rolls if you make the tiniest mistake, and as many of the courses are littered with narrow roads with rocks and cliffs/berms on the side, it's very frustrating.  I got better over time, especially after doing all the stuff I suggested above, but I still think they really need to make the cars a bit more groundborne.  It *is* early access though.All said, I'd definitely recommend the game if you're looking for a more realistic rally game, and one of the highlights compared to the previous dirt games is that the menus in this one are very straightforward and quick to use, and there's not even a hint of some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ surfers and other idiots babbling about promoting you to youtube and yammering for 5 minutes about what a car is before they let you actually drive.  It's incredibly refreshing to not waste a bunch of time in menus listening to some RADICAL DUDES AND CHICKS holler about gymkhana, which also fortuitously isn't in the game."
,Recommended,310560,17256077,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Iowan Flower,"DiRT rally is one of the best things to happen to rally games since the Collin mcrae series! i love the way the game looks and sounds and the regular content updates are keeping me busy. There is also some slight modability to the game as people have done historic racing liverys for some of the cars. They have added handling tunes as well but for advanced tuning you need to race the car a bit. One thing that i dislike about the game is that as we are in early stages there isnt much to do but hopefully with rally cross coming this is all to change! They are also hoping to put in steam workshop intergration ,which if they do, making it a truly awesome simulator!"
76561197968463489,Recommended,310560,17298963,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Kwortic13L,"I love this game and the better I get at it the more I enjoy it.  The developers have listened to players critisisms of the early release and have made giant leaps in improving the game in a short space of time, particularly with the force feedback and handling. The game feels like its made by someone who really cares about making this the best game they can regardless and I find that reassuring. I'm sure this game is going to get better and better and as someone who loves driving games and has played the best of them this deserves a thorough recommendation."
76561198110029618,Recommended,310560,17150245,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Crippling Depression,"If you took DiRT 3 and added better graphics, longer tracks, thinner roads, and made the game a ton harder, yet suprisingly more fun, that's DiRT Rally for you. DiRT Rally is an awesome game that takes rally racing to a whole new level. Just turn off your HUD and it's as realistic as they get. It's a really good early access game that can only get better. I highly recommend anyone who likes rally type games to get this one before the price raises."
76561198046174250,Recommended,310560,17154410,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,olivier,awesome simulation!
76561198191748128,Recommended,310560,17101362,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,MorningKiller,Again and again do I recommend this game! Respectfully about the only thing the DiRT Rally team could do better is to go teach their F1 Design / Development team how to produce a quality product.Incredible job DiRT Rally team!
76561198061907645,Recommended,310560,17102020,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Arcade Wizard,ARCADE WIZARD'S REVIEWFUN: 5/5GRAPHICS: 5/5SHOULD YOU BUY IT?: YESI HAVE PLAYED RALLY GAMES FOR OVER 20 YEARS. I AM SNOBBY AND PICKY WHEN IT COMES TO RACING GAMES.  THIS IS THE GREATEST RALLY GAME EVER MADE. THIS IS THE MOST FUN I'VE HAD PLAYING A DRIVING GAME. USE A WHEEL WITH A CLUTCH AND SHIFTER FOR BEST RESULTS. EXTREMELY FAST. VERY VERY GOOD GRAPHICS. GREAT LIGHTING ENGINE. CONSTANT NEW DLC COMING OUT THAT IS FREE. I WOULD HAVE HAPPILY PAID $60 FOR THIS GAME. ONLY PAID $28. 10/10.
,Recommended,310560,17104486,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ryanwithtats79,Nice Graphics but is very hard compared to dirt 3.  You will crash... regularly
,Recommended,310560,17106927,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,E-Town.JL,"Amazing, takes me back to the old CM days.If you are looking for one of the best rally experiences out there look no further."
76561198119598535,Recommended,310560,17109797,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,USB 16.0,This is the best rally game i played and trust me ive played MANY rally games!.
76561198045700575,Recommended,310560,17114238,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,kd4pba,"I had previously written a negative review about this game.  As of .50 I am taking back everything I said about this game.  While it is still in progress the recent changes to the game have made a huge difference.  I play this game for about 3 hours a day.  Changes that really made a difference for me were, the way earnings were paid out.  I am not sure if something was wrong or if I was doing something wrong but I was not getting anything regardless of where I finshsed.   Now I am.  I have been able to keep my team funded and just about have all the perks you can get.  I have also purchased additional cars.  The addition of the track in Germany THANK YOU!   A pure paved track is a HUGE addition to this game.  IT may sound like a breeze after learning to power slide but trust me, it is not as easy as you think.  It is a lot of fun though.   Once you reach Elite the difficulty really goes up, which is how it should be.  Driving in blinding rain on narrow cliffs and at night takes it to the limit.  You may want to pushe yourself but you will find if you just take it easy and hit your marks without crashing you will generlaly finish well.  I still belive there is some flawed logic in loosing a car however.  Driving off an embankment sure , but when its lke 5 meters I am like what?  The reason I say that is that I have hit a tree head on at 135mph and it only damages the car but not to the point of a DNF.   I have actually tried to create a DNF situation but crashing over and over on purpose and thus far I can't do it.   The feel of the game is fantastic . The feed back is very good and the settings and options for the cars is fantastic. However, for the LOVE OF GOD can you gusy PLEASE fix the descriptions for the options for cars for those of us with 3 monitors. I have tried every settings on the Nvidia 660ti and I get clipped off description boxes.  I know what it says but it is kind of frustrating.    Having played countless hours of Dirt 3 I can say I really appreciate this game. I love Rally  and I really like thie direction this game is going.  More tracks are needed however.  I would also like to see more cars.  More cars have been added but I mostly stick to Group B as that is where the most fun is IMO...   Would love to see Trucks and desert racing as well!"
76561197963019147,Recommended,310560,17115298,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,theflatline,"I wasn't much of a racing fan until someone got my interest piqued in Rally racing. I love the concept but didn't invest much until I heard a good review of Dirt: Rally. Went and picked it up. 20 minutes after installing I was ordering my racing wheel. Now I'm contemplating a trip to the junk yard for a car seat so I can build a racing pod.The game is obviously early access so there's a lot to improve. The breaks are awful good in snow, using the mouse in the menus would be nice, more content, etc etc...Still, this game has me hooked. And I have a moderately powerful system (quad I5 processor & R9 270x) and I can run the thing at ultra settings across the board and not dip under 70FPS.The game can only get better from here. I look forward to getting better along with it (I suck)."
,Recommended,310560,17096304,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Kaname Chidori,"Absolutely Beautiful and Realistic Ditch Physics,I flipped my car and T-Bone'd a tree10/10 Rally Realism"
,Recommended,310560,19021640,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Te,"A realistic, challenging, beautiful rally racing game!10/10 would flip again."
,Recommended,310560,18769721,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,orangesandmilk,"I am a long time fan of codemasters colin mcrae rally series, this is the best one yet. Best driving game ive played by some margin."
76561198023390398,Recommended,310560,18770272,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Oxnitron,If you want a classic rally game get it.- Nice handling- Good Graphics                        (not THE best but it's in early access)- Cool old and new Cars            (love my audi quattro)- Addictive: I just find myself restarting the same track over and over again to get it done perfectly :)- Progression: You start with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car and work your way up to beasts.- I can't really find anything negative to say about the game.However: If you are looking for a tokyo drift game like dirt 3 don't even bother buying.
,Recommended,310560,18864996,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,MeisteR,2fast4me
,Recommended,310560,15659439,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,CRAZEDDUCKling,"DiRT was goodDiRT 2 was goodDiRT 3 was okayDiRT: Showdown was... it was... erm... it was terribleDiRT: Rally is absoultely phenomenal, even in its early access stage"
76561197993477115,Recommended,310560,17820035,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,SaxonRaider,"Easily the best rally driving (sim) ever made. 0.9 version now, and has plenty of high quality content, and the car physics are amazing and you really get a feel of the cars and the surface your driving on. More for rally purists, rather than someone who wants an arcade game. You will need patience, stamina, focus, to make it to the end of each long stage. First driving game that makes me wince when i hit a tree. Damage modelling is superb."
,Recommended,310560,18947193,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,gax,"Really nice game, my first ever rally game, looks really nice and its very challenging, playing on TM-T300RS"
76561198036956222,Recommended,310560,18931820,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,tonyinboca1,Yea
,Recommended,310560,18940100,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,bialobrzeski.damian,"Great challenging racing sim, great cars, great stages, great sound effects, great graphics, GREAT GAME!It truly is the best think what's happend to us, gamers!Well done team of CODEMASTER!!!5/5 stars from me."
76561198034223479,Recommended,310560,18942502,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ProfessorStrawberry,"So unforgiving.Where to start? First  20 of 10The Physics, Sounds, Graphics  it is just what we needed a long time ago.Comparing Dirt Rally to its previous Fathers, they feel like Game Boy games.I crashed so many times, only because this is the first time I had to use the brakes.The previous games never forced me to jump on the brakes or made me prey to get around that corner in one piece.It is just amazing."
76561197991814374,Recommended,310560,18942002,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Aditia Holdem,"I only have a few hours under my belt, but this is the first Rally game I am still really excited about after actually playing it since Mobile1 World Rally Championship (1999).The current content is already really good and the daily/weekly/monthly challenges will make this game interesting for a long time.If you love playing rally, buy this game.Wishlist:- More long stages. There will be plenty of players like me owning this game that would love some really long stages that force you to keep concentrating for 20+ minutes."
76561198238427726,Recommended,310560,19004058,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,s.roy_2010,An enjoyable rally game after long long time.
76561197990617516,Recommended,310560,19004365,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Max Power,Yes
76561198043593333,Recommended,310560,18979210,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Slaaneshou,"A tough as nails rally game, designed for those who're addicted to dirt/sand/mud/rocks baths. The driving is highly customizable, which lets you progress at your pace. Speaking of which, driving in Wales or in Monte-Carlo feels drastically different, as the game's physics engine does an awesome job providing realistic (or at least enjoyable) feeling and response. Be warned though : it is a pure rally game, and if you""re not absolutely fond of the discipline, you'll find yourself bored at some point, which would be sad seeing the price tag of the game.Kudos for the cold-blooded copilot, absolutely emotionless though trying to cope with a unlicensed pilot whose driving skills were provided by an alcoholic penguin.8/10"
,Recommended,310560,18980083,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Dark Wing,"This game is truly what rally is. Hard, unforgiving, and extremely difficult. Got this game when it first came out on early access. I thought the handling was rubbish. Update came out. It became the best rally sim ever created. Congratulations to the entire dirt rally team and making such a wonderful game. Thank you for moving away from the gymkhana ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and back to simulators. Make more when your done with this one plz"
76561198042622216,Recommended,310560,18983757,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Terminator,Best Rally game ever...............................
76561198025350863,Recommended,310560,18985264,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Sustained Silent Reading,"DiRT Rally Early Access is probably the best value Early Access game I own and the most rigurously updated.As far as the Rally Sim aspect goes, this game is definitely pushing the boundaries of what has been done before, it doesn't matter if you are a casual or a hardcore Sim driver I think that they have the balance right for everyone. This was proven by the fact that you can get a mate over that barely ever plays video games and they will still be just as entertained by realistically failing all over the rally stage into every tree and ditch they can find. For the hardcore, physics, sound, graphics, car selection and handling all combine nicely into a very capable sim. Where I found Assetto Corsa a ponderous, buggy mess (even after Early Access finished) that I never really got much real enjoyment out of. DiRT Rally I instantly enjoyed even close to the very beginning of the Early Access phase, and now it just keeps getting better and better.Heartily recommended to all, and a better game even in EA than any of the other entries in the DiRT series IMO."
76561198015591189,Recommended,310560,18981650,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,McKie,controls are spot on right out of the gate with my g27. this game puts any former dirt game to shame. if you are a fan of the earlier dirt games but was frustrated with the bugginess of them . dont hesataite to get this one.
,Recommended,310560,19036287,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,マリアナの栄光,"Few months ago, it was really hard to just make a '67 Austin Mini stay in the road; now I can drift a '00 Focus WRC around asphalt hairpins like a boss - with a joypad!! All you need to do is to adjust control schemes in ""Game Preferences"" to fit your own style.It's pretty obvious that this game is being constantly improved & the content is also being implemented from time to time, so if you're still hesitating, I'm telling you: BUY IT.10/10 would drift around hairpins again."
,Recommended,310560,19030874,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,JAYJAY,i dont have many hours on dirt rally due to the HONEST WORK LIFEbut if i was still a drug dealer i would have hands down 1000 hours its so ♥♥♥♥ing funi came from xbox one with 1200 hours on forza motorsport and the mechanics in this game are so unforgiven there is no room for mistakes
,Recommended,310560,19321652,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,me.be.alex,"No, it is not RBR.Yes, it does many things better.Driving for one.With good realism and great sense of speed (the 70kmh don't feel like 30 any more), and even the nice touch of the career mode and online events, all make this one of the better games of this year, and a true (upgraded) successor to its spiritual parent.(Highly recommended using steering wheel!)25pts / 10"
,Recommended,310560,19328456,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,YOUYU,If you like Rallying or driving this is the game to get :P !
,Recommended,310560,19320207,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Brock,"Out of all the racing games I've played, I don't believe I've ever played one so amazingly hard. The physic engine is great the cars feel a little floaty but that might just be my imagination. I'm going to keep playing this game for a long time.I would definitely  recommend playing with a controller or a steering wheel, it's extremely hard to get precise with the steering and throttle which is essential for taking the corrners.Pros: -The copilot does a great job of warning you on what is coming next on the track-The inside of the car feels fleshed out and life like-You can move the seat around inside of the car-The enviroment looks amazing and the crowds and flags that are in different countries makes you feel like you're actually there-The engine sounds are simply perfect-The car damage seems realistic to me, but can look a little goofy I suppose-The way the cars get upgrades are by using them, as if your techs are getting use to the car-Damage carries over between races within a prix-The music sounds good, and the UI makes menus a pleasureCons: -I haven't been able to switch cars in prix easily. I don't know how to do it so probably just my fault- Literally nothing else"
76561198136838992,Recommended,310560,19320309,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,bonzo722,this game is insane in 4k wow... rally old skool back in the day vibes. i defo would recommend this to any pure racing fan out there.
,Recommended,310560,19426381,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Abralicous,It's a fun racing game that requires skill. It's pretty difficult.
,Recommended,310560,19400668,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Technodiktator,Go for it! 10/10
,Recommended,310560,19413598,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,funkeyfreak,"Step 1: Start Driving - Oops, false startStep 2: Listen to the Calls - Oops, he said 'Right one into jump probable'Step 3: Finish the Race in one piece - Oops, my Check Engine light is on... Oh well I'll fix it next stageStep 4: Finish the Series - Oops, I terminal damage finshed off my bonus... DamnStep 5: Profit - Oops, crew upgrades now prevent me from buying a new car... R.I.P.Arguably the best Rally simulator out there in this age 42/10 would break my car again"
76561198072174877,Recommended,310560,19405799,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Cussler_09,I can no longer drive in the real world without pacenotes.10/10 Can't put down
76561198246943938,Recommended,310560,18448399,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,j88benitez,"50+ Hs in the game. Game is great, Driving with g27 all buttons and features work perfectly fine. Sound is incredible but a little hard to manouver sometimes. Online features suck, is more like an arcade game. I wish it had the hot seat like WRC 4 had to play with friends when they come over.Now, I have 90+ hs in game. And game is still hard to play, hard to enjoy it like that. I bought WRC5 to compare and alltho simulation is not as good it is fun to play. No way you can compare sounds, cameras and even cars. But, in the end is just game and you are suppose to enjoy it and I could not enjoy Dirt Rally.Dirt Rally: Better gameWRC 5: Fun to play"
,Recommended,310560,19315234,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Berto,"Great work from Codemasters, as usual."
,Recommended,310560,19454004,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Fun,"I never expected to see a sim rally from Codemasters. I was playing CMR series since very beginning, and there been always ups and downs in term of realism. But this game just blows out of the water everything that Codies released in the past. Absolutely amazing rally, folks! And it gets better and better with every patch. This game is highly recommended for every rally lover, especially RBR fans."
,Recommended,310560,19470772,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Gamma Lyrae,"A great simulation, but I wouldn't recommend it unless you have a wheel."
76561198006861961,Recommended,310560,18689008,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,texasjakit,"(Early Access)Thank the good Lord that the Dirt series has been saved!Run your car ragged, and try to fix it in time to race again and not be disqualified. It has a pressence, and bight that makes you want to stay at a lower competitive level. If you do good, you'll move up, and they will eat you alive, do bad, and you can still recover. So it keeps you from just restarting every race. So, you ran off the road and got dinged up? Well, hang in there, you can try to fix it by next race and hopefully by the end of the championship, some other drivers will have some crashes too (happens), and maybe get podium.--------------------(Release)Game is released and it's amazing!If you love racing, then BUY IT.It's a new take with great simulation standards. Breathing new life into the racing genre as a whole. You hire crew members with different skills, you have to fix all your damage, and it has tournaments and seasons full of 10-20 races!PIKES PEAK! New and old! Need I say more?"
,Recommended,310560,19560269,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Senna,Just buy it you'll never get bored going 90 mph sideway's on rally finland in a group b Audi Quattro.
,Recommended,310560,17227563,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,BaffledPanda,"THIS is how you do Early Access. Changes according to what the customer wants, and not taking years to update. Standing ovation for Codemasters on a perfect rally simulator."
,Recommended,310560,18722095,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Trainwreck,"This is a really nice racing sim game, it brings me back to the nestalgia of early Gran Turismo games. the driving feel is so spot on. being someone who has actually drivin like this down the not so beaten paths i can attest to the mechanics that you feel when you actually play. With that being said there are deffinately some bugs, it could just be my obsolete system but my graphics bug out constantly, and at one point my car turned ito a multi colored strobe light. it looked cool but im sure it was unintentional.it seems a little lacking in the selection department Give me MOAR CARS!!!!!!  and some rally trucks would be nice too, i really wish i could get a replica of my own impreza but the selection is just so limited. but i see they are adding stuff so hopefully they continue to up the selection for a long time to come. deffinately worth the buy if you want a nice racing game thats not the typical arcade need for speed type bullcrap this one is one of a kind compared to those dime a dozen gamespost release review...this playin alothough i have noticed some wonkeyness with the physics this is still my fav new racing game its nestalgiac and challenging.... seriously this game will beat you up if your not on point."
76561198088632710,Recommended,310560,19558337,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,DanteChristmas,LEFT 3?   LEFT 3??!!  YOUR♥♥♥♥♥IS LEFT 3!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197996254502,Recommended,310560,19559065,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,CodeAlphaSix,"Developers have listened the gamers and improved the game immensively since the beginning of alpha release. The game is so realistic which made me to build my own rig to get the joy at ultimate level, thanks to Codemaster for this masterpiece."
76561198043290788,Recommended,310560,17337423,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,oeli,Very very gut
,Recommended,310560,17357112,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Col.W.Anker,"+Fantastic Rally experience, requires practice and precision.+Fun to drive locations and stages+Great feedback to both steering wheels and controllers+If you break something on your car in one stage, it will carry on to the next ones affecting your times-They have removed the flashback feature which I understand that most of you rally enthusiasts like, but atleast make it optional to have it on like in the previous games.All in all great rally game that you should pick up"
76561198098573350,Recommended,310560,17368983,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Rectified User,"Was playing Project Cars, but this game has me hooked. I know they are two different kinds of racing, this game is just pure awesomness."
,Recommended,310560,17369322,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Darko,"like so many said this game is fantastic if ur a rally enthousiast(OR EVEN A CAR ENTHOUSIAST). Don't buy this game expecting it to be anything alike the previous dirt games, because it is so much more. Now with the new rally cross events added im totally in love if I wasn't yet (rally cross is probably one of the must enjoyable race form to wath and they manged to capture that fun and excitement in the game mode) as they captured the spirit of rally in the previous content. Keeping in mind this game is not finished yet i can not wait to see what more is in store for us, i would truelly recommend this game to anyone that can live with the fact that he's gonna be terrible for a little while, and thus accepts the learning curve and enjoys it. If you don't like simulation based games i'd honestly just leave this one alone unless it's on sale someday."
76561197985884119,Recommended,310560,17373717,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,JBwhatever,"Great Rally-sim so far! Challenging tracks, cars that feel different , good physics and good support for steering-wheels.Totally worth it now in early access."
76561198060703185,Recommended,310560,17378410,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,blork,"Though still in development, this is already an excellent game. It is hard to imagine anyone who enjoys realistic racing games not finding this game very appealing, satisfying, and addictive."
,Recommended,310560,30590770,Posted: 18 March,all,Bossanova,Great gameLinux version running smoothly on Ubuntu 16.04 - i5-4670 Nvidia GTX970 - 8Gb RAM
,Recommended,310560,18862478,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dadetka,Great game!
76561198111232814,Recommended,310560,18880537,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Materiaalivastuu,Really good rally game. Finally game that beats RBR!  5/5
,Recommended,310560,18871311,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,[Bordersdown] charlesr,"Tough learning curve, but so amazing once you get the hang of it. Proper racing game without being too obscure or needing hours spent tweaking suspension settings. Very smooth experience even in Early Access."
76561198112006678,Recommended,310560,18886615,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,crobull,The feeling you get after you hear the scary voice of your co-driver and you know it ain't gonna  finish well :)10/10
,Recommended,310560,15632428,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,djfil007,"Updated review for 0.9 (Modern Masters update).  This game just keeps getting better and better.  First it was the improved wheel force feedback, then it was rallycross events, now it's the updated ""v2 physics"".  Everything is top notch quality... any sim rally fanatic should have this title in their collection.My only other concern is that I think it's gonna fall short on volume of content when the updates come to an end... if they stay on track with their announced plans, we will end up with only 12 stages (there is only 2 per country, not counting reverse and chopped versions that make it list as ""12 per location""), 3 rallycross locations (some with multiple layouts) and the pikes peak hill climb (and it's mixed surface version).  Including the rallycross tracks, this is well under 200 km of road.  Seb Loeb Rally Evo is quoting ""300 km of road"".  Hopefully modders figure out a method to bring in new content to keep it fresh.Another thing that would take it over the top for me is proper triple screen support (rendering of each screen indvidually, like seen in Assetto Corsa).  But triple screens do work, and camera/seat adjustments were a nice addition (came with this 0.9 update).  Just wish that the FOV adjustments in-game were for a real value... still doing my FOV adjustments via the XMLs."
76561198050597464,Recommended,310560,18883460,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Bshop,"This game is awsome, bring back memories of Colin Mcrae rally games, well done codemasters, well done!"
,Recommended,310560,18883520,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,[>DDoS<] MoD_Mike,all i can say about Drit Rally is WOW if your into authentic racing game's GET IT and at time of this review the game status was still in Early Access but in current state of game just WOW can't wait for more
76561198033987665,Recommended,310560,18883656,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,VeVolve,This is Dark Soul of Racing. Awsome simulator and very very challenging. You can always improve with practice. Practice pratice and pratice some more. Can't stop playing.
,Recommended,310560,18865460,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Afgfighter,"Unlike any other Dirt game. If you like rally racing, this is the game for you."
76561197970726511,Recommended,310560,18861885,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,4Edge,"If you grew up watching the likes of Colin McRae and Richard Burns in the WRX and you've played all the rally titles released on PC (more or less) .... GET THIS GAME!  You'll love it :)The developers have excelled themselves on all fronts - handling, graphics, detail, immersion, content, stunning cars and scenery.  Even runs well on my low/mid machine.Well done to Codemasters for bringing it back to basics.  10/10Though unlikely, would love to see some Scottish Border stages in the game.  thats going back to before the UK WRX moved down to South Wales."
,Recommended,310560,18862323,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,TurtleX,"Great game, I got it for $30 and I love it!"
76561197970474299,Recommended,310560,18865916,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,WeezabuzZ,"The very best Rally Simulation ever. Their was a gapinig hole left by Richard Burns Rally. Thankfully Codemasters responded to 20 years of us sim nuts whinging at them to make something more real, and it doesn't come better than this. Forget any other Rally based thing on the scene right now. This is the one you need to buy. Beware, it is a simulation. If you're a general arcade racer then this will make you feel like you've just been ripped from your mothers womb! But after you pass the learning curve, you will find it to be the most rewarding simulation of all time. I'm desperate for DLC or maybe Dirt Rally 2. But this will last me a very long time as is! Don't wait, if you love rallying and love a challenge, then this is where you need to throw your money"
76561197988573900,Recommended,310560,17538746,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,zip104,"Codemasters get their mojo back!Cor blimeyDoes not need a monster pc to get good performance( 7850k and r9-280 standard 3gb version.)75fps/avg 59 with good detail.About the same as Assetto corsa.Early access so i expect that to get better.Minor framerate issues with replay.Almost none with in cockpit etc..Looks simply spiffing.Plays like they did in years of old,but with a nice dx11 engine.Sound could well be the standard for years to come.Its fantastic.Needs your wheel tweaking to feel how you want it.But they all do ,as you all know already.Some serious wheel fiddling may be required on the older wheels.Power to you all who buys this .And thx .Gets better the more you drive.Needs much more Rally stages.(please).Which is happening Finland/SwedenThis and RBR and Assetto Corsa;are the three magic car drivers for."
76561198137480728,Recommended,310560,18647542,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,M. Becker,"Remember when you watched rally racing and said ""I've turned a corner using my park brake I bet I can do this"". Now for under 50 bucks find how much you suck and lie."
,Recommended,310560,18645129,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Verkkahousu,After 100 hours of this beautiful masterpiece I see as my responsibility to write a review. Long story short: Dirt Rally is one of the best games I've ever played. Even built a driving seat to compliment the experience. I bought the game for ~20 euros on Early access and haven't looked back. If you have a wheel for your PC - BUY THIS. Me and my friends have had a blast playing this on my PC and trying to beat each other's times. Extra credit goes to Codemasters for actually LISTENING the players! THIS is what Early access is all about!
76561198156867679,Recommended,310560,18553315,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Organist91,"Codemasters! Thank you for this amazing rally game, I am really impressed. Very nice graphics, sounds, and enviroments. Gameplay and force feedback are amazing! I recommend all rally lovers to buy this game, it is a must buy, and of course it is an amazing simulator.I have some enhancement requests I would like to see in this game:1. When you crash, there is a lot of missing sounds and physical deformations of the car. For example, you should hear the iron rubbing on the road, glass shattering, and dust and particles flying all over. It is a simulator, and thats what happens when a real car crash.2. Also when going out of track it is really annoying to put you back directly on the track with a penalty. It is a simulator again, and it is amazing that you should try to take the car out of the hole or whatever thing you fell in and get back to track by yourself. I know that there is crowd and it would be big job to animate the crowd running out of your way. But at least make this an option if you put the crowd off, then you will not be put back to track automatically. Or if you can animate the crowd running away it would be amazing, like ""Driver San Francisco"" for example.3. Physical deformations of the car should be much better. I mean you can watch some rally car crashes and see the deformations a car get when hitting a tree in 100Km\H. I would like to see the hood coming off and these stuff.4. Camera Shaking should be projected to the whee feedback, how can that the whole car is shaking and your wheel is not? Please fix this ASAP.Other than that it is really a fantastic game to play. I am addicted to dirt rally and it is amazing."
,Recommended,310560,18684778,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Tweek x Craig,"Best rally game to date hands down. And with massive updates every month, it only gets better and better."
,Recommended,310560,18706668,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,The Medic,"Best rally game codemasters has done to date, and they've already made quite a few good games."
76561198039308857,Recommended,310560,18707124,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Bombala,"I have always been an avid supporter of the Dirt Series but Codemasters have excelled themselves with Dirt RALLY, this game is PHENOMENAL and it’s not even complete!!The FINISH rally sections are just insane and thats in a little Mini Cooper, i have yet to experience them in the Audi's, Lancia's, Subaru's (that's just naming a few cars you already have access to) and apparently there is more content to come!!I have a Mid Range System, Core I5 4570 3.2GHZ paired with a GTX 760 4MB and 8MB RAM, graphics are running buttery smooth on Ultra settings at 1080P.As a previous review has stated ""This game is a pure and brutal rally experience"" but by god it's enjoyable."
,Recommended,310560,17917587,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,DirtyGamerTX,"Hands down the best rally game I have ever played. I never got into the colin mcrae games. The last rally game I was addicted to was rallisport challenge 2 for the original xbox. It was a great game but this game surpasses it in every area, whether it is car tuning, physics realism, car selection, authentic courses, audio quality and not surprisingly graphics.Having an awesome community that wants a detailed rally sim that is challenging but yet so rewarding when you get it right. I've always loved rally racing but admittedly don't watch or follow it enough. So i've learned a lot from other rally enthusiasts through the discussions and posts on steam. The fact that the devs that actually listen to the community is a huge plus.I love watching videos of guys with full cockpits play it. For now i'm just using an xbox controller which gets the job done and allows me get a lot more out of the game than just using a keyboard. If you love rally racing and realistic racing games, buy this game, you won't regret it.I don't have a single complaint, except I wish the vibration on the xbox controllers was more intense as far as road feel, I turned it up all the way so I can feel my tires slipping and prevent wiping out. But I almost wish I could turn it up more.ETA: I found the vibration was better when plugged into my ""play and charge"" cord. Apparently in this case wired > wireless."
,Recommended,310560,18705272,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,kakero,"Bought my cheap first car and I could already feel the speed and the thrill. I love how you could turn everything off from the HUD: no timers, no course progress bars and maps, and no on-screen directions. Then, not knowing how far you are along the course, you'd rely on your co-driver's voice, not understand what the hell the last 10 pacenotes he mumbled were, and ride a crest onto a tree.19 minutes more and I can't refund this game... but I won't. Best rallying simulation game since my PlayStation days, and I hope it will only become better."
76561198014246751,Recommended,310560,18398387,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,":""::"";;""',,''","Two (2) Thumbs - up  !!!ènuff said !Out rageous fun but there is a steep learning curvethe graphics need to be tuned with any thing lessthan a top graphics card but the graphics are incredible(if your card can handle high resolution with a high FPS settingon the card.) running  high  f p s, outstanding  !!!   2 thumbs-up !!"
,Recommended,310560,18745390,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,[11thMS.A] Jimmy Biggums,"11 hours in and I can already tell this is my 2nd favorite racing gameThe graphics are just amazing, if you push the d pad right on your G27 wheel, you can actually see the co drivers pace notes written on a pad of paper. Your co drivers head even moves to look at the race track in between his call outs. He even says if you have a flat tire, is theirs ice ahead on the track, if there is a ditch around the corner,  if theirs rocks around the corner, and when to brake. He even says ""Be brave"" If there is a sharp corner coming up and you are going fast.The attention to detail in the cockpit is crazy, Fuel gauges, Temp gauges, Oil, Fuel and RPM are all readable. If you are using a wheel with clutch, brake and gas pedals, for example, if I let of the gas every so slightly, the drivers foot in game lets his foot of the gas pedal ever so slightly. same with clutch and gas. That part just gets me. Crazy detail. If you change the camera to 3rd person, you can here your car revving, witch literally sounds just like a rally car with a custom rally exhaust.As far as the track and bystanders watching, the detail is great. The bystanders heads moves as your car drives past. The cameras move as you move.Overall I give this game 8.0 out of 10. Attention to detail and graphics are amazing. This game gets Doodle bobs approval of racing game of the year.ME HOY MENOOY"
76561197976598016,Recommended,310560,18738283,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Apache Wizard,"best rally game ever, love the sound of the subaru sti hitting the limiter too in finland oh and there adding more content for free"
,Recommended,310560,18738987,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Who,"One of the best rally games I have played, plain and simple."
76561198144936459,Recommended,310560,18754964,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,JohneyNRS,"Absolutely fantastic!  A blast to play and gets better with every update, they keep adding content as well and the new content is at least as good as the early stuff, some of it is even better (ie Finland).  WRC 5 is also pretty fun as a warm up :)Definitely a buy."
,Recommended,310560,18746997,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,robah,"Being a Retro Opel fan and noticing the cars available I added this game to my collection. It is not an easy game to master IMO but that is what makes the game appealing, you can update the cars after competing events and you have to organise your engineers. Looking forward to the adding of events in the future."
76561198029697028,Recommended,310560,18762711,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,solider22CZ#LOOT,Good rally simulator! And without Ken Block!
,Recommended,310560,18378055,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,-(VDC)-Hedgy,"Solid rally sim. Definitely would recommend with a good wheel and pedal set. Rallycross update perhaps unnecessary and out of place, but all the other content is very high quality; a serious challenge for any racing fan."
76561198119516149,Recommended,310560,18400337,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Tactical Boss,"As a start to this review, I have to say, Dirt Rally has been extremely fun.Dirt Rally is a simulation game about rally racing. It is nothing like Dirt 3 or Dirt showdown- it is a very serious in some cases type of game. What I mean by this is its very punishing..... but also very awarding. It has many achievements which is great and something like 32 stages. In my opinion, many hours can be spent on this game, espicially when more content is added in the future.There is no Gymakhana, no Ken Block and no rewinds/ easy ways to win. Infact, I have played it and never won a championship- or even stage! If you do get the game and I am sure you will, the best thing to do is to take the races slowly and try not to crash as in career mode, you will have to pay for repairs. But don't worry about going bankrupt; even for the most early races (open) you will normally get a five digit number. If you are sad that you cannot beat the ai, try beating the delta on custom races. When I first got the game I was crashing literally on every corner- but after a few races I soon got to grips with the cars and the rough, harsh tracks.Graphics wise, the game is stunning, infact it is that good you should just buy the game for the graphics! But on a serious  note, the game is truly pleasing as you rip though a Finland forest, your heart in your throat.......The game also has rallycross, hill climb and even muliplayer! Rallycross is featured on four maps (I think) and each map has different track layouts. Rallycross is basically like driving around a normal circuit track, but there is gravel and dirt as well. It also has a ""joker lap"" which you must take once per race. The joker lap is basically an extra part of the circuit which takes more time to do than the normal route. Hill climb is, well, climbing a hill! Unfortuantely, it only has one map, but like rallycross and rally, it has different sections. The map itself is in Pikes Peak, USA.Pros-Realistic-Fun-Multiplayer-Different maps with different sections/courses-Time trials with friends/ other people-Career mode-Game prefences-Achievements-Variety of cars spanning from 60s, 70s, B group, A group, F2 car kit, 2000s, 2010s, Rallycross supercars, Hill climbers and more to be added!-Amazing!Cons-Only an average of 2 cars in each group (more to be added)-Can be hard, espcially ai-No rewinds (can be a disadvantage for some gamers but also a advantage for others)-Could be a few bugs as it is early accessAs a final conclusion, DiRT Rally is a incredible game even in early access both visually, and phisically! In my opinion, if you are thinking of getting a realistic racing game, get this one as it totally outclasses other modern rally games and racing games. But, if you are used to DiRT 3, or other acade racing games, tread carefully as it may be a of a disappointment for you. But, that does not stop you from getting this amazing game!"
,Recommended,310560,18447974,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,SNAFU,What can i say best rally sim so far imo and its not even finished yet if you like rally then you will love this
,Recommended,310560,18448454,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,PipoDeYoyo,"Want to try the wheel on this , Oh boii it was good however im terriable such a hard game even making it to the finishline is a strech .Will keep on practicing to get it right .It looks good and has a real feel to it . I've seen so more content added that hasn't disappointed .I am now considering a driving sim set up for this game ."
,Recommended,310560,16556860,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,zacmiony,This is a good rally game.
,Recommended,310560,18449580,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,_Kif_,Really good rally sim with great potential.
,Recommended,310560,18484006,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,co199,"I read a comment that describes DiRT Rally as ""the Dark Souls of racing games"". I feel that's an apt description, because this game will chew you up and spit you out as you realize you're not a racing driver in the least.However, it's an amazing experience.Even in early access, DiRT Rally assumes the throne previously held by Richard Burns Rally. You will hate this game at the beginning, but as you realize the issues aren't the game (they're you!), you'll find the itch to keep driving and practicing, shaving those precious seconds off of your stage time. The first time you go green in a sector, you'll have an overwhelming sense of accomplishment; the first time you win a stage, you'll feel like you can go be a WRC driver.Then you start the next stage, immediately spin out and puncture a tire.It's worth a buy in early access, but there's also an argument to be made for waiting until the completed game is out. That will work out the bugs and handling issues and give Codies a chance to spit and polish the game. On the other hand, you'll need all the practice you can get to be successful at the game."
76561198013122170,Recommended,310560,18475072,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Wade,Cons: I can't hear my co-driver because the exhaust on my Ferrari powered Lancia Stratos is way too loud.Pros: I can't hear my co-driver because the exhaust on my Ferrari powered Lancia Stratos is way too loud.10/10
,Recommended,310560,18485117,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Aki,"This is absolutely brilliant! Until now I considered the Richard Burns Rally and the Colin McRae Rally series the best rally games so far, but this combines the best parts of those two and adds it to power of n! Now that my father has sold his Opel and Subaru rally cars and his Toyota Celica ""Carlos Sainz"" street car, this is closest you can get in virtual world and I can safely try my limits! The car selection so far is suberb and even the engine sounds are true to their originals. I haven't yet tried the multiplayer options, but we shall see soon when my friends come over to my house to start a hot-seat championship sessions, just like in the old days in RBR and CMR! I haven't check but there is the option to play multiplayer in one computer right? Right??!! If there is not, please add that as soon as possible! That would be the only major thing missing from otherwise true masterpiece.ps. my favorite feature so far? The left-foot-breaking works! For example you can help FWD car rotate or keep the turbo boost up on those laggy old cars! ;-)"
76561198002921131,Recommended,310560,18427908,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,bird_dogg66,This game geared for the more hardcore sim racer. If you are a casual player buy Dirt 3 instead because you will be disappointed with this game. The content is still being built on and added periodically as the game is a little bit lite for the price ATM. The fact that your controll mappings don't save is an ongoing Codemasters problem in an area of coding considered to be Kindergarten stuff. Oh well I guess the Masters tag does not exactly fit with regardfs to their coding.Anyway nice graphics as always and the physics are good for a rally title.
76561197970595312,Recommended,310560,18471152,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,S4UP1LL3M4NN,"Dear Friends of Rally,Dear Codies,first of all......Codies you made a great job with this game so far. Keep going and stay tuned! Thumbs up!You´re interested in Rally Games? So you HAVE TO try this one!!!Well I play Rally games since years and I loved the old Colin Mc McRae titles in the past.Also Richard Burns Rally and some others.For me the newer DiRT titles were really ""unbalanced"" at all. Great graphics and sound, but to much Arcade in my opinion and they missed the good old Colin McRae-Feeling!So with DiRT Rally they are heading to the good old stuff, of course with great graphics, sound AND physics!They are only a some smaller things I would like to have/improved.I´m using a Logitech G25 and the new FFB model needs still to have some improvements in my opinion.No, it´s not bad, but in comparison of the excellent FFB model in Project Cars it´s miles away. So Codies, please work still hard as in the past to improve this. Maybe a look into the FFB of Project Cars will give you some stuff to work on further.And a small second point is that it would be great to have an option to save the replay!Why? So, if you mastered a stage in this challenging game with an excellent time and without a crash you´re really proud of it and I really enjoy to view the replay and relax a little bit for the next stage. So, please give us an option so save them.In conclusion I can say GREAT WORK so far and recommend all fans of rally gaming to TRY THIS ONE!!!Best regards,Mika"
,Recommended,310560,18464158,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,PapaBearClarke,"As an early access, this game is getting better and better.  There are, of course, some issues.  However, the issues dont take away from the enjoyment of the game.  As I play Dirt Rally, I find myself continuing to be amazed at how full this game feels.I have played lots of racing games, both simulation and arcade.  This one is the newest in a long lineage of definitive rally games.  Coming from the Colin McRae rally Franchise, through the Dirt Franchise, to this, its been a long time coming.  The game is beautiful, and the car handling feels extremely realistic.  Sounds are amazing as you fly through(and sometimes into) the landscape.  Lighting, at night, is a precious commodity that needs to be protected, because if you fail to,  you might as well plan on kissing most of the surroundings.  The amount of cars and courses are constantly growing, as they add more and more to the game.The only drawback I have seen is collisions with small shrubbery at high speed: they act like a brick wall.That being said, DiRT Rally is amazing.  If you are into simulation racing and want a break from the tarmac of Project Cars, or Assetto Corsa, invest in this game.  Codemasters has a real winner here."
76561198129440735,Recommended,310560,18455096,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,tinkki20,Best rally game whta iv'e played so far!
76561198021012649,Recommended,310560,18456429,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,JKtay,The game's legit. Feels great to drive.
76561198101512867,Recommended,310560,15747811,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,kj6zd,"These are my impressions after a few hours of play/siming. A long time ago I had the CollinMcRay rally simulator and I did like it very much, probably more than my ex wife. Then theOS's advanced and at some point it would not run anymore. I missed it! With Dirt Rally, I believe the McRay has been reborn, only it is more realistic. Granted it is tough to navigate through the stages without damaging your car and still keep up the speed. On the other hand, I knew a real life rally driver and I believe every time he came back from a race, his car was up for repair at one point, he laid it onto the roof at 160 kmh, wrapped it around a tree and thereby sealed it's faith. Now, this is a PC simulator and thankfully we don't have to spend real money, after purchase, every time we get off track. Driving skill will improve after practicing hours, I am certain.Even though, Dirt Rally is in an early Beta stage or shall I say pre-release, it is very stable on my system. Graphics are close to reality although there is some loss in frame rate in dense areas. This is something that calls for more goodder, faster hardware, which I will not get since I think my 8 Core AMD with HD7950 and 16GB is pretty much up to date.The setting up of the Wheel took some scratching head and time before I was somewhat satisfied. I drive with manual H-Shifter and manual clutch. The handbrake could use and probably will get a face lift since there are only two states. On or off and it is very tricky to get the right timing. Would be nice if it could be timed differently e.g. hold long = more brake and tap = less brake (parking brake that is) It may have it already, but it doesn't feel right. I like the ability to chose from the different conditions, rain night, rain day, dry night etc. Wiper works and can be programmed to one of the buttons. Headlights seem to be sufficient, at least to me. The car physics, although I never competed in a rally (""but"" I didn't have the money) seems to be as close to reality as can be. Engine sound, I don't know, something doesn't feel right here. Don't get me wrong it sounds fine, but it doesn't sound real.Allover, I am much impressed with it so far, if they continue and the market is there, I could imagine that it becomes a Rally legend.Yes, I recommend it, even though there is a risk involved...UPDATE 10/16/2015Althought, support is trying to sort things out and help, but it is next to impossible to start the game again. Recently I closed the game and next time I wanted to start it, it simply didn't go anywhere. Apparently, nobody in this triangle (Microsoft, Steam, Codemasters) knows how to fix this misleading? error 41. Since Dirt Rally is the only game on my computer, having this problem, I must assume that the problem lies within the Dirt Rally code.I don't want to give em thumb down since it was doing very well, but it doesn't matter how well it did if you can't start it anymore, or? Essentially, it has become useless to me. It seems that this problem exists only on some selected hardware platforms, since I been trying to get info on how to fix it, for about a week now, without success, I can not recommend it anymore, since you could be the next one!"
76561198137256361,Recommended,310560,15799566,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,thomas,"UPDATE:After one of the patches, FF has been sorted out and now the driving feels great!Very promising, great physics but Force Feedback is very bad - really vague, detached and doesn't give a proper feeling of the road surface."
,Recommended,310560,18525504,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Modified Pigeon,"Loving it. Well done to the team, easy to see that a massive amount of thought has gone into the look and feel of nearly everything. Whoever is responsible for the vibration feedback programming should be given flowers and lots of money - if only other games could communicate feedback that well. Thanks!"
,Recommended,310560,18491510,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,kulfon.16,best rally game since RBR I hope codemasters will stick with proper rally i'm tired of buying old  dirt games
,Recommended,310560,18346250,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,LordSafirius,"So after a long time thinking of buying the game, I went for it and....DiRT Rally has finally brought something alot of racing fans have missed... an actual RALLY game. I have only just started playing it yet I am already inlove with it. The graphics are nice for a rally game, you can't expect trees that you drive by with 100+ km/h to be perfectly beautiful, but they are satisfying.The driving itself is very well made, and you will clearly see the difference between a 60s FWD car, an 80s RWD or a 2010 4WD beast. Game is still in EA of course, but I have a strong feeling when it does come out, it will attract every single racing fan there is.Is it worth buying even though it's EA? YES"
76561197987105397,Recommended,310560,18408492,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Quiace?,"I haven't been hooked to a game like to this one in a long time. The graphics are great, the stages, the sounds, the physics.Every car is a different wolrd, they are really unique and I want to try them all in all the stages. Really polished game and being early access the way things are being made are great. Developers comunicate well with the community and respond to the demands, of course inside certain logic range. They deliver according to a defined schedule.If I have to give cons, well, this is early access so things are changing, but I would like a different damage system. Being this a sim, at certain speed you should be wrecked after hitting a tree.And more stages per location would make it perfect.Conclusion: totally recommend Dirt rally but remember that this is a SIM so put your frustration aside, check a few guides in the steam community and please, use a racing wheel!"
,Recommended,310560,18430715,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,jpsulisz,"An honest attempt to revive the Dirt Series, boy did they do a great job doing it too. The game is not your average arcade rally racer, it is hugely difficult for anyone who has played any racing game. It would be an insult to play this with a keyboard, the minimum you need is a controller to experience the awesomeness this game has to offer. The community is great, although if you play multiplayer I guarntee you'll find a sore loser who will begin to crash into players. The developers listen to what players want, the frequent updates are nice and I'm glad cars, at this time, are not DLC and can only be purchased with ingame currency.A great game, makes me feel good that I bought it when it first came out."
,Recommended,310560,18428600,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,mkuriny51,"other than the glitchy liveries and the game constantly crashing when launching an event, the game isn't that bad :)"
76561198131754159,Recommended,310560,18421407,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,My Name Jeff,Absoultly amazing game overall. Provides an excelent challenge and with the consistant updates it keeps me waiting.10/10would recommend getting a wheel for this one.
,Recommended,310560,18423725,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,IntensePorpoise,I've seen games leave early access with much less.I don't play racing sims but I decided to give this a go. I drive by bumper cam and it is very realistic and has great performance.
,Recommended,310560,18439901,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,KZR,I have been a fan of Console Racing games for a long time.Dirt Rally is the first PC racing Simulator I have owned. This game is nothing like the other Dirt games which in my opinion are a pile of ****! This game is great it has a good blend of realism and a arcade feel which compliment each other to create a great game. I have never played a rally game before but this one is a great place to start. The graphics on the game are fantastic as well. If you have the money just sitting in your steam account I reccomend you buy this game as you will not regret it.The only critisism I have about this game is the lack of tracks/maps.It would be great is the Developers could add some extra countries such as;AustraliaUSAChinaJapanI think the game would be great with these extra locations included in the regular Championship.
76561198042044281,Recommended,310560,18417026,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,[RSA]MattDN93,"This game is called early access simply for @lack@ of all the content it's going to offer, nt in quality. Since the 04 Colin McRae Rally, every DiRT looked great, but I longed for the pure rally feeling, nothing but the car and the road, where driving the car was an art form. And it's back at last. This is literally right up there with the best of the CMR rally games of yore, and quite simply shaping up to be the best rally ame I've every played. It's everything I'd nitpicked for when playing the other DiRT games and it feels pure, and back to its roots. And that's really special."
76561198119574078,Recommended,310560,18436676,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,mardis91,"Dirt Rally, in my book, is a very exciting, challenging, tough rally racing sim that gives you the challenge and feel of what its like to be a rally driver. In this game you will probably find youself in situations where you are very focused and on the edge of your seat. Dirt Rally gives you the excitment and intensity of being in a rally car, yet the calm and coolness of knowing that if you crash theres always the restart button in the pause menu. If you truly like rally games like Richard Burns Rally than I recommend this game is for you, if you are on opposite sides of the spectrum than you would be best sticking with you arcade racing games. I rate Dirt Rally a 11/10 for being the best rally game I can find.At Pikes Peak I rolled at the second corner, rate it 11/10 would definitly roll my car again."
76561198166509495,Recommended,310560,18432759,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,AtomicChronic,"Thanks for the rally PTSD and the enhanced nicotine addiction.9.6/10  or ""Never ♥♥♥♥ing driving fast in real life again""http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=498290279http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=499103575http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=490896641"
76561198034974020,Recommended,310560,18404884,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Limygeorge,"Currently I am playing version 0.8. I haven't put that much time into it but I'm impressed.Firstly a lot of thought has gone into making a good intuitive menu system with lots of freedom to adjust in game aspects such as gear ratio, suspension etc etc. Also the menus for graphics are very nicely done.If you don't want to mess around with stuff like that, no problem, use the default settings which are fine. But I think as people get more into the game most will want to take more control of their mechanics,(you can hire various people for your team, the cost depends on their skill) car upgrades tuning etc. Intuitive.The game itself so far seems well polished and finished to me. New content gets added so it will provide a lot of hours of fun. It's not arcade style racing, but if full on rally is too  difficult the game has everyone covered with the option to use various assists. With them all off it's like a Sim. Works great with an xbox controller too.The graphics are good and have a lot of options. Should play well on most desktop systems. (I've set it to ultra with a GTX 980. It sure works the card at ultra but frame rates are consistently good, this leads me to mention the very good benchmark test (2 types) which allow tweaking to your rigs capablilities.Considering it's not even finished yet I think it's well worth getting for anyone who like racing games. Hardcore players will switch all the assists off which makes it darn difficult. With them all on it's easy with a wide range in between. I really like that anyone can set it up to suit their tastes - from a quick to play, easy to pick up game, to a full Career mode rally experience which I suspect will take a good long time to finish. Of course there is a lot of replay value too.I get the feeling the makers have put a lot of effort into this and are certainly not trying to make a quick buck like some other pre-release/ early access games that I won't mention.A full review would be very long due to all the options, but seeings as I've only put a few hours into it I'll finish by saying that in my opinion this is already a good game, and can only get better. Recommended."
,Recommended,310560,18324530,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,nYberG✅,They told me I nailed it.
,Recommended,310560,18310612,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,hugoPataco,"A very good game, the kind of simulator we're expecting from codemasters.Indeed it make me come out of Los Santos :)Props"
,Recommended,310560,18275100,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Lequesh,absolute love the devs <3 best car game on pc and keeps getting better
,Recommended,310560,18275256,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,vngz,"DIRT Rally is an awesome rally sim (probably the best). Has a great comunity, awesome devs, great graphics, great physics. The soundeffects are almost in the line of perfection already. Definatly a 9.5/10."
76561198068539007,Recommended,310560,18317543,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Vendetta,Amazing game with great graphics and physics. Shame the price jumped up since beta!
,Recommended,310560,18318451,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Shadeystorm,I havent put much time into as of late but they have been doign a great job on updates and fixes so far! If your looking for a rally Sim that can only get better then stop right where your at and get this. I only hope they continue this!
,Recommended,310560,18293093,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Nooge,"Just over two hours in and all I can do is tell people about how amazing this game is. The sound, the dyanmics, the attention to detail in level design. All are spot on and make this a truly great rally game. Now all this publisher needs to do is remake the TOCA games using the same engine and development team!"
,Recommended,310560,18104004,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,TestDriver,This game is BRUTAL. Decided to try out 2001 Impreza.Both of my front tires exploded 5 minutes into the stage.Best car in a ditch simulator ever.
76561198216301693,Recommended,310560,18153074,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,deckerloyd,"Pretty fun game, especially if you're a rally fan. It's very frustrating and emotionally taxing to play, but if you know anything about rally racing you know it only makes it that much more real and fun.It's very realistic, more of a sim than an arcade game. Don't expect to be doing cool jumps and epic crashes because this game is not for that; it's for pure and realistic racing."
76561198081370479,Recommended,310560,18305292,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Andrew,"Probably the least buggy early access game I've ever played, very fun. Definitely worth the money."
76561198065898257,Recommended,310560,18584832,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,cTuck,Wow. Just wow...Amazing rally sim. Spot on controls with the fanatec CSR wheel.
76561197984810565,Recommended,310560,18631648,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Bordermate,"A good game that could be great.Dirt Rally is the best rally thing to hit the PC (and soon consoles) since RBR and its many off-shoot mods.  It's a huge deviation from Dirt...and that's a good thing.  If you like arcade-racing, gymkhana and fireworks going off when you complete a 2 minute rally stage...this game is not for you.The Good:-Decent physics-Good sounds-Graphics are simple and slightly last-gen, allowing full FPS maxing on almost any PC.-A handful of long (8-9 minute) stages-Different environments-Will satisfy your rally fix if you're not picky.-Lots of different types of cars, including silly Group B machines-If you like hill climbs and rally-cross, good.The Bad:-Doesn't retain mapped keys if you use multi-devices.-Not nearly enough stages (of the twelve per area, they're mostly 6 stages w/ reverses) for the environments.-Physics could be better, they're not perfect.-Force feedback is okay at best.-No tire choice or management (huge mis-step)-While the stages are good, off-track elements are weak and repetitive-Damage is too forgiving most of the time-Pace notes are off on some events-Unable to run any classes on Hill Climb except the absurd hill-climb machines...meaning you can't learn on a simpler, slower car.-Liveries are terrible...absolutely horrible paint schemes/jobs.  Unacceptable in a world where talented designers would gladly submit livery samples for free.-Unless you make custom rallies, you don't start with real length rallies.  Rallies are 3-4 stages...silly.-No controls for wipers/lamps.  On/off according to weather.  Silly.-Many of the early rallies, all of the stages are difficult and technical, not great for starting players.-Not enough early, slower rally cars.  None of the ERC and Junior ERC style vehicles.-Some of the car classes could really be fleshed out, only 2-3 options sadly.-You have to unlock full tuning on cars by buying them and driving them certain distances.-Online and creating rallies is all handled via website which is not very well designed and annoying...some nights we debate running rallies, then remember someone has to go create it and everyone has to join that league etc...we just give up.-Car models/graphics are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥poor.  With such a small car lineup, and no need to graphically render more than one car at a time, the cars should look a LOT better and it would be nice to have more camera control.-Driver view is terrible.  Dash view is necessary to get results.This is a good game that's being held back from being great.  Longer stages, fuller rally lists, tire choices, ability to control wipers/lamps, etc.  A lot of immersion is yanked out of the game.  Should you get it?  Sure, it's the best thing going.  If it was open to mods, I think we'd see the finest rally game for the next 10 years.As it stands, it's good, fun...but not hugely engrossing and it doesn't grab you for hours on end like it could.  It doesn't hook you at all.  It's almost more infuriating because it's good...that it isn't great.  It'd have been easier if the game was just crap!"
76561198053334877,Recommended,310560,18626525,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,tojejik,"This game man..I've been missing real rally games since the last Colin McRae Rally (rest in peace legend), and finally it's here!This game is basicly what every Rally, RallyCross, or just racing fans want. In my opinion the best Rally game I've ever played, and I've played ALOT of them. It's a very good simulator, but seems like it could be more arcade-ish if you change the settings and difficulty.Really reccomend this game to most people, and especially people with intrest in racing and rally.Still a work in progress, but at this point I can't find anything to argue with, so it's a solid 10/10 at this moment!"
,Recommended,310560,18631067,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Para@SalzLAN,Thats what I call a proper challenge.
,Recommended,310560,18631078,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,phk,"Best early access I've experienced so far.The developers are very active in the community, and therefore several features and fixes have been implemented originated by community feedback.The tracks are great, cars feel realistic.DON'T CUT."
76561197970338886,Recommended,310560,18647805,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Zitrax,"Very good handling and graphics. Still some flaws. the tracks in Finland had some holes in the scenery and co-driver info was slightly off at one point. Also the arrows had some cartoony hand drawn look, I would have preferred something stricter. I would also have liked some better info on what part of the car was broken.All in all great for an early access though, recommended."
,Recommended,310560,18650454,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,StaticChromatic,"Wow. Bought this on a racing-game-crave whim but it's shaping up to be the best racing game I've ever palyed, even in its Early Access stage. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-clenchingly tight mechanics, viscerally real feel, pure-clean style, and just straightforward good racing minus the BS. Worth every penny already. Puts all the previous Dirt games to shame, and that says a lot."
,Recommended,310560,18648544,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,morrae,"This game is absolutly amazing. It was created with love to rally, not money. Finally someone made a real authentic simulator, not arcadey racing game for kids. If you're looking for a rally game, this is it. Nothing even comes close."
76561197970960127,Recommended,310560,18645458,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Hijack,Best Rally game going and only 20 quid in the sale ! Deffo to be played with an Xbox controller to really enjoy it.
76561197967245932,Recommended,310560,18638901,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Raxxa,Best rally game in market. just amazing sounds and feel.
,Recommended,310560,18619703,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,✪ c.rock ✪,"This game is AMAZING! Even tho it's in Early Access the graphics, physics, gameplay elements are extremly good in my opinion. I do own a racing wheel that adds a lot to it.Yes i only played 26 hours but I WILL play more of it because i can't get enough...just look at my profile picture.If you are a Rally enthousiasm and does not have the funds to buy an actual rally car, i would suggest buying this game instead. Just go and buy it, you won't regret it.Cheers."
76561198100876866,Recommended,310560,18607045,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,shon,exelent game
,Recommended,310560,18589369,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Raidillon,"This is hands down the best rally game in years.I'm not gonna lie.. it is hard. Unforgiving. Frustrating. Yet I kept coming back because of the amazing driving experience this game provides. You might find yourself frustrated most of the time when you're just starting out, but once you get the hang of it and finally manage to drive a stage without constantly flying off to the scenery.. the feeling of accomplishment is truly something special and the reason why I love Dirt Rally so much. It's one heck a challenge.Content wise Dirt Rally has a lot to offer. As far as I know you get two long two long stages (~7 min long) that are then choped into smaller ones and reversed (16 stages in total). That might not sound like much, but each stage is really top notch quallity and the pace notes are spot on (for the most part ;) ) and challenging enought to keep you entertained for many hours to come. That and the addition of WorldRally Cross (with multiplayer) and Hillclimb (Pikes Peak).. both of which I'm not so fond off but that is mostly because I enjoy rallying more than anything else. As far as the the car selection goes, you get cars from various eras (including the all mighty Group B cars ;) ). There's very little I can complain on that front. It also has some additional content coming for it in the following months so that's somehing to look forward to :)I can't comment on how realistic the driving model really is but I can safely say that it feels pretty darn amazing. In the most recent update, ""Flying Finland"", Codemasters introduced new version of handling for certain cars (v2.0 as they call it) which vastly improved the feeling the cars and made the driving even more enjoyable. And it was pretty darn enjoyable to begin with.What I would love to see improved is the damage model which is quite forgiving. As it is you can survive head on collision with tree and carry on only with minor damage.There is also a TON of replayability. That is mostly because of the Online challenges. Each month/week/day you get a new challenge in which you can take part in. Those put you on leaderboard and depending on how well you'd done the game will reward you with a handful of credits which then can be used in career mode.I hope you got the idea how good this game really. If you're a rally fan this title is a must have. Even if you're fan of more traditional way of racing you might want to pick this one up and give it a try. Rallying has a lot to offer.Also I should point out how amazing the devs were to this point. I bought this game on the very first day it came out and it has been a blast following the development of this game. They have done a great job at communicating with the fan base. They asked for feedback and then adressed said feedback on stream. Plenty of things the community asked for made it into the game (mouse support is one which comes to mind). They clearly care about their product and it really shows. Trully a nice thing to see for a change.Hopefully you found this review at least a little it helpful. Also I apologize for any grammatical ♥♥♥♥ups (english in not my native language)."
76561198012549355,Recommended,310560,18596582,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Ben W Saunders,Amazing Rally Sim
,Recommended,310560,18655671,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Pandemonium28,"""I'm on a straight stretch, cool"" *sips water* *looks back on screen* ""OH GOD"" *killed 32 people and flipped 20 times and begins to fall of cliff* ""Well this is where it ends"" *puts car in reverse and floors it off the cliff*10/10, Made me rethink water.(^that actually happened)P.S. It really is a fantastic game."
,Recommended,310560,18671079,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,▲BACK☢TRACK▲BG☣ODBZ☣,i love DiRT Rally is so good
,Recommended,310560,18652624,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Chemist,"Needs a waifu navigator option. Then it'd be 10/10...It's still a 10/10, I'm just not as erect as I should be."
76561198069116730,Recommended,310560,18658427,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ScottishM4n,Awsome game great to see a classic back worth money for a game still dev
,Recommended,310560,30577259,Posted: 17 March,all,Thomson132,"Absolutely fantastic game. A bit hard to get into but there is nothing as good as a racing simulator as this one for rally. The vehicles, physics, it all feels super realistic and it sure can be a challenge sometimes.Only gripe I have with the game is that some plants are hard as a rock (though you only come in contact with them at places you don't want to be driving)."
,Recommended,310560,18667353,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,StefanoPelinga,"Awesome rally game. Very unforgiving. Don't expect to win your first few races. Pretty realistic. You will be restarting a few races because you blew a tire or you're just too far behind. Big difference racing on different surfaces. You will learn the rally language of ""right 6"" vs ""right 1"" very fast.I thought I was getting good at the game, then they threw harder tracks at me and I was crashing and restarting all over again. Got to that point where I just wanted to roll over the finish line even though I was running on rims."
76561198068385351,Recommended,310560,19632831,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Emily Grey,"Well I would said this is a nice game if you like rally racing and dreamed of having a rally team.This is my opinion about this game:Pro:-The events and driving mechanics were realistic-The design of the stages looks good-The events were challenging and fun to play withCons:-No female co-pilot and need to add more car and tracks by the mean of updates-No driver costumasation in which you can change the helmet, racing outfit, gloves and the footwear-They need to have feature in which you can design your own paint job and your own logo so it will feels like that you have your own rally teamIn conclusion, I would said that this games is worth your time if you like rally racing and simulation. The driving mechanic is frustrating when the first time you play but with practice it will be much easier to controll. I hope when they have new update, they can add more features and fix the problem to keep the community running. I would give this game a 9/10."
76561198161327649,Recommended,310560,30647210,Posted: 20 March,all,bougs307,MAD♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198227917688,Recommended,310560,19631659,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,RDR,"Best (maybe) and most challenging rally game in years, even though physics might not be the best yet. For example, too much air jumps. The soundscape certainly among the best racing games. Each car feels completely unique when it comes to appearance, physics, sound etc. Dirt Rally  conveying what it’s like to drive a world class rally cars from the comfort of your own home!Bad thing... Dirt Rally have fallen into the same mistakes of past rally games: recycled roads. My hope is that the developers will continue to add stages as DLC !! Also the current damage model doesn’t fit with the tone that is being set by the rest of the game.Conclusion: Is It Worth Your Money? 'BIG YES!+ Great sound+ The best rally game for years.- Damage system requires fine-tuning. Maybe Extreme mode...- Mistakes of past rally games: ...recycled roads.- No replay record possibility.- Co-driver timings vary too much.- Needs more special stages and countries.- Needs optimization"
76561197972029174,Recommended,310560,19643676,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,MrJimmy,A blast to play with...- Realistic rally racing- Great visuals and sound- Intense driving on the edge of disaster to make it to the top of the leaderboards- Fully customizable car settings- Lots of choices of cars in different classes
,Recommended,310560,16511893,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DRZ400Black,"That last update really fixed a couple of issues for me. They have added some more options for gamepads like deadzone adjustment. Previously the deadzone was just too large and it just didn't feel right (I kept crashing). The car handling now has improved dramatically and it feels even better than Dirt 3 (smoother somehow). It is now the best rally driving experience I have ever had on computer, even at this early stage.The replay controls are pretty good but I would appreciate more camera control for taking screenshots (Free Camera). You can pause the replay and slowmo forward and back to get just the right car position which is awesome but the external camera position is quite limited. Need to get lower to the ground for some amazing screen grabs. Something like what's in Forza would be fantastic.As for the campaign well it's typical old school rally which I am liking. Maybe they could add a bit more info about where you are at in the overall game progress but that's a minor thing.Absolutely love the Pikes Peak inclusion. Hope we see more famous tracks like that. Paris to Dakar maybe? I realise that is a huge ask but it would be incredible with this game engine.Keep up the good work and look forward to seeing the finished product.Edit: Now that it's refined and released I would simply say it's the greatest vehicle simulation I have ever experienced. The car control is outstanding, the scenery is spectacular and for the speeds you will be doing is good enough. If it was any more detailed you wouldn't have time to notice it anyway.I just finished an 8 stage rally in Sweden on Professional difficulty and it is very stressful in a good way. No time for errors here, you need to be ON or you won't have a chance of winning.Thanks Codemasters, now all we need is Australia and New Zealand Rallys and it will be amazing. Oh, and The Gillies Highway near Cairns (the best unknown hillclimb in Australia!)... and being able to save replays please!  Cheers."
,Recommended,310560,19633023,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Fuster Cluck,"Haven't had much time to play but, as a short review:I bought a logitch G920 wheel and pedals, shifter blah blah fairly recently (google it if you're not familiar). This game is by far, the best PC game to use it with, nothing comes close. The only thing stopping me playing is not having the time and having to take breaks from the pain in hands and feet from playing it."
76561197982111572,Recommended,310560,19659544,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Darkknight896,My god this game is legit as hell O___O
76561198050242868,Recommended,310560,19642788,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,DeoraTwo,One of the best driving experience I have had the pleasure of participating in.
76561198018405880,Recommended,310560,15925380,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Gypc,One Word .... Yeehaa
,Recommended,310560,19706445,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,DeadlyFilth,"Just a couple of months ago I pulled out DiRT 3 because I wanted to do some rally racing, then I remembered all the other crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they added to the game that wasn't rally.  I quickly put it away again.Then I found DiRT Rally.  This is exactly the return to pure rally I was looking for.  No stupid obstacle courses or head to head races, just pure rally.  This is a brutal and insanely rewarding rally simulation.  That's all it is, and it does that spectacularly well."
76561198081795943,Recommended,310560,19701632,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,mcduff95,JUST DONT CUT..... other than that the game is great. i have yet to run into any problems with the game. the best rally game to date.
,Recommended,310560,19702115,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,✯ PieBoy,"Beautiful Game! The graphics are very nice and the sound is superb. The game is taking awhile to get used too, since it is much different from the past DiRT games. Overall I recommend this game to anyone who loves rally and racing games where timing and good driving is key. :)"
76561198060857537,Not Recommended,310560,19642015,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Scylla,"positives :optimized for my card and runs smoothlynegatives :boring and mediocre + pointlessly difficult, long and repetitive tracks + your car will spin off for no reason (even if you're driving a 4WD) + cheating AI + driving a RWD is like playing QWOP, good luck making it to the finish line in swedenI prefer my games challenging, not ♥♥♥♥ing annoying."
76561198028607217,Recommended,310560,19702334,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,cdluk,amazing
,Recommended,310560,19714047,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Clidester18,very real like driveing experiance but i want local mutiplayer
,Recommended,310560,19665632,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,BigMickey,"A note to those who are new to Dirt franchise (so am i): This game requires an initial ""learning curve"". When i started playing this game, i felt totally frustated, as i couldn't control the car at all. I then decided not to give up, and just practiced. Also, i invested in a better controller (XBOX one elite), and configured the steering and brake senstivities to my satisfaction.Now just after 5 hours of gameplay, I can control the car much better, and consistently end up in the top 5 in career mode, and getting better by the minute. I am totally addicted to this game now, and get quite a rush from playing it. It's definitely worth the money.So, if you are a noob like me, just stick with it, and you will soon realise that it was worth the wait and effort.Cheers"
,Recommended,310560,19598446,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,KHAAANNN,"This game made me want to puke, but I think it's because my driving stinkedI can't wait for Oculus Rift to become available, I also intend to purchase a Logitech G29/920 to enjoy this better and improve my driving skillsAs a small suggestion, improve the UX a bit, after 2 races I was fed up, with a keyboard it's not any fun, there was no option to just quit the game to continue later on (It was a 4-race event), I had to Alt+F4"
76561197962305340,Recommended,310560,19639877,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Chs85,"Excellent rally simulator, finally my steering wheel came alive again!Pros:- Beautiful graphics- Awesome soundscape- Realistic driving experience- Plenty of customizable options for all the cars- Plenty of track variety & weather conditions to try outCons:- A bit simplistic ""career"" mode, i usually just play the ""custom event"" because i felt that was more fun- A bit dull music (forgettable ambient stuff)All in all a very good game, well worth the price!"
76561198061988185,Recommended,310560,19676475,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,HUMANITYWASAMISTAKE,Really enjoyable racing game for people who want a realistic feeling and a game that requires focus and concentration to be good at. Nothing beats winning a 10 minute stage that required absolute concentration.I recomend turning off the driver assists and the instructions at the top of the screen and relying on the voice of your co-driver for the best experience.
,Recommended,310560,19656285,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Subjekt 16,"A rally game like it should be. Difficult, demanding and unforgiving. A little bit like Dark Souls... Just with cars. First game ever, that I deleted because I was so frustrated about myself needing 30 minutes to complete one course.11/10 would delete again!"
76561198117922351,Recommended,310560,18779936,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Setec,"An excellent start in early access, it's just getting better :)7.5/10"
,Recommended,310560,18781923,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Fake,Good game
76561198030490404,Recommended,310560,18588523,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,TheMachoMan,Best rally game since RBR!
76561198056290230,Recommended,310560,18602299,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Chíll §pèc,Great game a little hard to get used to but once you lock in those lines! Godamn modern day Colin Mcrae
,Recommended,310560,18690364,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,sinthus,"Fun game.I didn't know what to expect going in but I'm glad I gave it a shot.This game works outstanding with the Steam Link, I have had no issues whatsoever while playing this title.This is a fun and challenging racing game that really deserves a look."
,Recommended,310560,18702350,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Detective John Kimble,"Amazing rally simulator!  Make sure to get the IMPACT mod for logitech wheels, game works perfectly with logitech G27.  Top notch, just wish there were more cars avaialble (mitsubishi, etc. rally legends)."
,Recommended,310560,18702647,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,JkkaM,Excellent.
,Recommended,310560,18701548,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Rokcore,It's a rally game10/10 would crash again
76561198118527643,Recommended,310560,18682269,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MOTHER DICK,"If you have the system to run this, and you love rally racing. Get it."
,Recommended,310560,18682281,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,.Dax the mad mate maid,"Dirt Rally is one of the best Rally Games out there at the moment.Offering a variety of Cars ranging from the 1960s Mini and the 1970s Lancia Stratos and the legendary Group B to modern Rally Cars, Rallycross Supercars and Hillclimb Cars for the Pikes Peek track.There is also a big variety in Tracks and there are more and more beeing added with Updates.Now everything you need is a good Racing Wheel with Force Feedback and you can enjoy a great Rally expirience.I can´t say that much about the Graphics as I have a low spec PC. (Screenshots and Videos look great though)I rate Dirt Rally 9.0/10"
,Recommended,310560,18680619,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,René(tjuh),Really nice early access simulation to play with the G27. Love the graphics and the way you need to put your team together. Also the handling on different surfaces makes this simulation more realistic.
76561197982638681,Recommended,310560,18678351,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,✔️ gr33nbits,Must buy!
,Recommended,310560,18679622,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Dr. Vektra MD,"TL:DR  -  Project CARS on dirt.After completing the resulting double barrel-roll from cutting a ""don't cut"" corner too much, I blew out the right rear.  About half a mile down the track, the wheel flies apart and my co-driver announces ""right rear is on the rim"".  Several white-knuckle minutes later, I pull through for a fourth place finish.  My mechanic is making a voodoo doll that looks a lot like me.I'm not expert rally driver, but this feels like the most legitimate rally driving experience I can imagine.No social media aftertaste.No regrets."
76561198063917859,Recommended,310560,18679838,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,bigdkozelka,Ive played every racing game there is......this is the best hands down ever created well done!
,Recommended,310560,18676511,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Benjii XO,"Should add some ""How many tree's you have horribly smashed into"" stats. would be rank 1 in the world even though I only have 1.3 hours played. 10/10 game 100/10 audio."
,Recommended,310560,15846464,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,MasSFlasH,10/10 would fall of a cliff again.
76561197988564847,Recommended,310560,18696823,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Dominator,Simply the best rally game i have ever played .One warning This is not a easy game You will crash ALOT.10/10 Would crash again
76561197990544608,Recommended,310560,18676281,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,gordon_stewart,"If you're looking for a serious rallying game, and in particular if you have fond memories of the earlier CMR series, this is for you.  Excellent sound and graphics, and a physics model that feels authentic.  You can adjust the configuration of the vehicles in great detail, but the menu system is unfussy and not as clunky as in some of the DiRT games; if you just want to race, you can be driving in minutes, but if you're looking for a challenging and realistic rally simulator, you're extremely well catered for.The damage system is much improved over earlier releases, and your co-driver will provide updates on the state of your car in between calling out the pacenotes (although why he thought I might be concerned about a possible right rear puncture while we were balancing precariously on our roof at the edge of a sheer drop, I do not know!).  Little touches, such as the ability to adjust the timing of the pacenotes, allow you to tailor the experience for your own driving style.Overall, this game is great fun.  Don't be put off by the ""early access"" tag, either: DiRT Rally is already quite polished and has a lot of content."
76561198182024227,Recommended,310560,18352475,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,jbrasseye1,"Fantastic game, back to how rally games should be. There is a slight learning curve but if you are used to driving games then you will pick up the driving style reasonably quick. This game is more of a sim, so drive with less haste and more on the side of caution.At the time of writing this i will score the game 8.5/10 as it is still early access. But whos to say this cant be a 10/10 with the final product.   Go buy, i definately recommend."
76561198106706010,Recommended,310560,18111318,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Sweetsixteam,"Great game I'm liking it so far.  My only complaint so far is in the in car view where you look through the windshield but dont see the steering wheel.  Theres a dirt smear below where the windshield wipers wipe that blocks seeing the road well.  When you drive what the wipers cant wipe you dont look there, wipers wipe the area we look at the road.   Get rid of that dirt on the windshield its annoying.Could we get credits for weekly, daily and monthly events?  Do we need to be in the top 3 in the World to get credits for these races?"
76561198082100912,Recommended,310560,18306147,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Staffie,Yes!! brilliant rally game... best ever infact. Not like so many arcade rally games feeling like you are on rails..  Dirt rally is HARD just how it should be and rewarding when you get it right!! keep it up guys!
76561198138308653,Recommended,310560,15698173,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Gandorlf,"Edit: It's been a pleasure playing this in early access over the past 5-6 months, glad to see it's full release :)A quick summary of what I like about DiRT Rally.+ Driving model feels awesome (I'm using an Xbox 360 Controller)+ Great visuals+ Sound effects are spot on, especially in cockpit view+ Online leaderboards+ Daily, Weekly and Monthly challenges+ Fantastic support from Codies team, regular content updates+ No assists, Cockpit view with no HUD and manual gears (Recomended for a more satisfying result)But I do have a few dislikes, I feel like I need to explain them a bit better.- Too little cars in too many classes. What I mean by this is, there are around 6-7 classes with only 2 available cars (1960's, 1980's, RWD Group B, are examples) not a big deal I know, but could we bunch these up into fewer classes to spice up the competition? I'm not sure.- Rally-X. Some of you may bash me for this, but hear me out. When Rally-X first arrived I loved it, but with only 3 locations to choose from and 6 cars that feel very much the same (in my opinion) it does get stale very quickly. Not only that, but it's very rare I find a fun multiplayer game online. I feel like they could've spent the time adding the Rally-X MP, adding more Rally stages and Staggered start online Rally's.- You guessed it, no Live online Rally. I listed the Daily, Weekly and Monthly challenges as one of my positives, but I really miss the staggered rally from DiRT 2 + 3. The AI aren't really AI at all, they're just numbers and names generated on a leaderboard at the end of the stage so I don't get a sense of competition from them. They made it happen with Rally-X, so that leads me to think they can do it with Rally. The whole rally aspect of the game feels quite lonely at the moment.Anyway those are my thoughts. I know a lot of you will disagree :) But on a whole, I do recommend this game. It's awesome. 9/10 from me!"
76561198104219673,Recommended,310560,18631780,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,jkrempy21,ok so it's out in full now the best rally game there is runs great no problems at all.
76561198081587842,Recommended,310560,19550547,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Wagwan Yevrey HELLCASE.COM,"This game will test your menatl and physical....stuff.It will make you buy a £300 wheel and break it, and buy another one."
,Recommended,310560,19549817,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Pluffiz,"Best simulation game I have played! I am no expert but this game is awesome and easily the best Simulation game I have played!Pros:Modes (Rallycross, Rally and Hillclimb)The ""feel"" to the gameOptimizationNice graphicsFFBWorkshop for vehicle setups!Cons:Not good with keyboard, you need at least a controller if you don´t own a steering wheel!Hard to master (A good thing really :P)Should be easier to set up rally events to compete against your friends."
,Recommended,310560,15668596,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,✪Mattler,"If like you liked any of the DiRT series but just liked the Rallying. This is the best rally game. Simulation it really is and alot of fun specially when you flick a car over a bend and hold it. I feel proud lol.Graphic are pretty good. Seems more focused on the Car detail (which i like) then the environment.Cons, it does reset your car alot more then it should i think, like going around a bend and i mess up and spin out it resets me. But im sure it will be fixed in a patch.Good rally game and once you start understanding the Co driver and start listening to him/her you can do fast runs. If you dont listen you will crash many many times.EDIT 9/30/2015: This game has much improved. It's honestly the best Rally game ever. If you love rally games then this game is for you. Great game. Its like your really in the car.EDIT 12/7/2015: This game is finally out. TBH this is the first game I've brought and which was very good early access. NOW THE GAME IS OUT! The game as a  10.5 GB patch right when the game came out! Keep it up CM. Please keep updating this game."
,Recommended,310560,19549928,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Near,This game is a pure raly game. It's not flashy and it's punishing but it's incredibly rewarding.
76561198169577094,Recommended,310560,16164148,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,LieutenantLatex,"DiRT Rally is a rally racing simulation game from the well known Codemasters which is currently available through Steam Early Access. In DiRT Rally you get behind the wheel of some of the best rally cars from the past few decades ranging from the 1960 Mini Cooper to the Ford Fiesta all on tight tracks winding in and out of mountains, going through ice patches and taking you around precarious hairpins. You may be put off by the name DiRT when talking about a sim but Rally is not like the previous DiRT games, Codemasters have removed arcade features such as flashback and have made it a far more serious game, helping it to become what is already a fantastic racing sim.Before I get into the main part of my review I just want to point out that I have no previous experience with Rally games and I played on a Logitec G27 wheel.+Fantastic graphics, BEST on Ultra it looks great+Great driving physics, I'm no expert on the physics behind rally racing but they feel pretty realistic to me+DiRT Rally really captures the pressure of rally racing as you constantly have to battle with your car so it doesn't go off the edge of a cliff+Hillclimb Course added, brings a stressful experience when trying to keep your car on the road at high speeds   exceeding 200mph+Already 36 different stages across 3 locations to try out (with more to be added)+Weather conditions and time of days can be customised completely when creating a custom event+14 high quality cars across 6 classes which are currently available (with more to be added)+Greatdamage models+All of the cars have different liveries for you to choose from and use+Excellent co-driver who is very helpful once you actually understand what he's saying+Very challenging when trying to control your car on surfaces such as Ice and Light Gravel+You can hire engineers to work for you who will upgrade your car and work on it between stages+In-depth tuning system though it's only for people who really know what they're doing+You can create custom events where all cars are available as well as compete in the championship mode+Simplistic menu and UI+Multiple camera angles from both in and outside the car+Great soundeffects"
,Recommended,310560,16589034,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pr3t3nd3r,Came back to rally after 10 years and more and I can say it was a perfect timing and decision. This game will suck in even a non rally fans. It's simply amazing and anyone who is looking for a rally game should buy this one!My score 9.5/10 (will give it a 10/10 when they make a custom FOV option :D)EDIT: 10/10  because of added custom FOV and many other brilliantly done things!
76561197972317470,Recommended,310560,18970314,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Zed,Totally awsome game! Nuff said!!
,Recommended,310560,19551931,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Dr.Thrax *Ripple to the MOON,Codemasters is back baby let's goooooooobest racing game i have played in a looong time
76561198029221523,Recommended,310560,19547346,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MasaMainio,"Very good realistic rallysim! lots of different kind of cars and tracks.. Car adjustments are really good like in the old Colin Mcraes, you can adjust the car just the way you want it! :)"
,Recommended,310560,19547359,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ATombGamer,"At last a rally game that makes me feel like a rally driver. I can feel each and every bump, it looks great and the sounds are incredible."
,Recommended,310560,19598783,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,愛,"Brutal. Amazing graphics. If you like rally, this is for you."
76561198094546283,Recommended,310560,22473030,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dries1987,GET THIS GAME !!!
,Recommended,310560,21451312,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,professor long dong,"Not for the feint of heart, by far the most difficult racing game I have ever played. A lot of fun, but takes a ton of practice to become decent. The Lancia Stratos handles about as well as a 500hp shopping cart. Overall great game 10/10"
,Recommended,310560,21516458,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Hanval,"Saving up for a steering wheel for this game... I LOVE THIS GAME SO ♥♥♥♥ING MUCH. The audio is melting the sugar and driping it on my ears. The visual is like staring at the best breast you've ever seen in your life in HIGH DEFENITION. THE PHYSICS OHHHHH MY JESUS CHRIST. THIS IS WHAT I LIVE FOR , FULL THROTTLE BEFORE A JUMP INTO A TIGHT LEFT, AND HEARING THE CAR GO OFF THE GROUND, THE RED LIGHT OF THE DASHBOARD TELLING ME IM AIRBORNE AND THE LANDING SMASH OF THE WHEELS AND BOTTOM OF THE CAR, FOLLOWED BY THE DIRT HITTING THE BOTTOM OF THE CAR. THIS..... THIS IS THE GAME WE DESERVE. THIS IS THE GAME OF ALL RACING GAMES. SCREW FORZA SCREW GRANTURISMO ..... DIRT RALLY IS THE BEST."
76561198038690920,Recommended,310560,21510667,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Smoke & Mirrors,This is thee best Rally game you can buy. Trust me and the other reviewers.
,Recommended,310560,21340632,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Nicofdu,"I haven't played much yet, but I can say that this is the best rally game you can buy right now. I was waiting for this game for a very long time, and now I'm really happy with this masterpiece. Though I would reccomend using a wheel, because it is extremely hard. Speaking of extremely hard, if you have never played a serious racing game, you're going to have a hard time playing this. But for people that are experienced are gonna find this awesome. And if you're especially a rally fan and thinking about buying it or not, I recommend you to buy it now."
,Recommended,310560,21816641,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sableia,Fanatic physics. Great fun but absolutely hectic at times.. Practise makes perfect!
76561198096810880,Recommended,310560,22413027,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Laplandhunter,Best Rally Game Ever!
,Recommended,310560,22389844,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Kontonkun,This is the best Rally game on the market. And best Rally game since the original Colin McRea.8/10 (Once it get's Vive support it is 10/10)
76561198007904008,Recommended,310560,22185661,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Merman888,Awesome awesome awesome!! the game smacks you in face and says for gods sake use some restraint.... brilliantly made game. Codemasters know theyre stuff... if you want a fairly realistic fun rally game this is it.
76561197962597998,Recommended,310560,15729200,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,RuffPlays,Shows potential... Don't buy unless you have a controller of some kind. It does NOT work well with keyboard.
76561198199871799,Recommended,310560,22181254,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,the frenchiest fry.png,Just buy it
76561197970834184,Recommended,310560,15646659,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,BenC,"Oh ye!!! This is what I've been waiting for ages. This is rally. None of that gymkhana, drifiting rubbish.It gets two thumbs up from me. Thanks Codemasters.Just one request. If you gonna use the same rally stretches at lease mix it up a bit with different weather and time of day."
,Recommended,310560,22391751,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,GGGlynn,"Practice makes better is the name of the game with Dirt Rally.I find it highly enjoyable even though I only have a few minutes of brilliance here and there due only to my lack of skill. When I am not driving a car flat chat, full boost through one of the many beautiful stages I am flipping, rolling, cartwheeling through one of the many beautiful stages whilst going flat chat.It is hard to have a perfect run early on especially if youre driving one of the really powerful cars but thats exactly why it is great. You start off with the older slower cars and develop your skills for driving on these insane stages.I'd like to point out this game has a really impressive array of cars and they all react individually (as in they havent just used one model for a class of car and given it a different skin)But please dev's if you read this can you put in a late 80's early 90's spec Mitsubishi Galant, they seem to have been long forgotten but they killed it back in their day.If you like racing games give it a go, you probably wont regret it"
,Recommended,310560,15679909,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Lady Gaga,ayyy♥♥♥♥♥this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198066425735,Recommended,310560,22175171,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,AngryPutin,GG
,Recommended,310560,22254012,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TVs_SledgeHammer,Have to say I wasn't really impressed with the game when it first was released handling physics were horrible But the developers really I make an effort to inprove this game and at the moment I doubt very much there is a rally SIM that comes close!
,Recommended,310560,22265937,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ECGadget - Recording,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7m_TJzWj7iMTop notch game with very few faults!
76561198014210224,Recommended,310560,22451918,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,joe.roket,I have to say that I am usually quite sceptical when it comes to the car games that i'd recommend but Dirt Rally is just awesome. Since their latest update I am even more impressed in the 'sim' factor of this game. I love the graphics and the audio too . Well done codies I honestly didnt think you had it in you but you do. I'll be watching ur future titles more closely now. Very stoked with this game.
,Recommended,310560,22515242,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Capt'nCookie,good
,Recommended,310560,17807429,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DeputyRickGrimes,"Totally recommend, never Rallied before in real life sadly, but I can imagine it would be like this.I definitely recommend a wheel if you're going to play though, I have the G27 and it's great with this.Lots of content and replayability even in Early Access, this is going to be one hell of a game finished if it's this good now."
76561197993346322,Recommended,310560,17821458,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Fuck Nintendo,"This is all we wanted Codemasters, a hard and rewarding rally game without the flashy fireworks of the main DiRT series!"
76561198099540179,Recommended,310560,17822475,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Cowtippa,"Dirt3 use to be the best Rally game on Steam, but the new champ is here! Dirt Rally is an amazing Rally game. The graphic is stunning, the sounds of the car is AWESOME SAUCE and the road feel / handling is perfect. If you are looking for non water down Rally game that takes actual skills to play, look no further.To be honest, Dirt Rally wasn't love at first sight. I bought the game and played it 3-4 times and didn't like the way the driving feel. It felt like I was driving on ice and no ffb. This all change when I went to Codemastes website and found the recommended setting for my wheel. After that the game drives and feel 1000000X better.I recommend that if you pick up this game, spend time setting up your wheel correctly. It's day and night!This is now my favorite Rally Game of ALL TIME!!!!  yes, I said ALL TIME! It's that good! Stop reading and buy this game.My review is base on driving with a G27Wheel."
,Recommended,310560,17821030,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,TheKillaa,This game is already fantastic and it's still early access. It looks and feels awesome.
,Recommended,310560,30522293,Posted: 15 March,all,starkiess,i got no regret getting this and won't switch anytime soon.great stuff!!!
76561198011440083,Recommended,310560,17221964,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Varagosh,Yes it's worth getting it. Just make sure you setup your wheel and ffb really good
76561197967108159,Recommended,310560,17334495,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,D\_Q | ChallengeMe.GG,it's a fantastic game and I really like the feel of it. But since I updated to windows 10 and catalyst 15.7.1 it's been randomly crashing when starting a new race.Crossfire 2x R9 290x.
,Recommended,310560,17236473,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,siliciferous,"It isn't even done, and still believe that in its current state DiRT Rally is one of the best racing games ever created. It has filled a void in the genre that has sat glaringly empty for more than a decade."
76561198032912692,Recommended,310560,17242577,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ferociousp,Great Rallying and happy to see it focused on stages instead of showy brands and splash.  Great graphics and great physics will keep me playing this for a while.  Hopefully it will stay this way!
,Recommended,310560,17244967,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Devil240Z,Really love the game so far. A bit worried that the content won't grow much from now til final release.
76561198009807694,Recommended,310560,17245699,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Booradley,Game is seriously legit. The franchise has finally delivered. No nonsense.
76561198008871569,Recommended,310560,17525827,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Daft Runk,THE rally sim we've been waiting for since RBR!
,Recommended,310560,17526787,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,GlitchPatate,"Goddamn... This is what I was waiting for. Get a steering for this one. I recommend a Logitech G27 and an ultrawide monitor (or some 3 screen setup).Pros: All of it. The sounds, the cars, the feels... From what I can tell, the cars react like a charm. They all feel different and the simulation is strong! I drive an Impreze and felt at home in their Impreza, it just reacted like I expected it too, first time having this feeling.Cons: One thing, hitting a spectator automatically resets you on the track (with a time penalty I think) so, rarely, when coming out of a corner a bit wide or a bit off-track will reset you with a huge penalty. I personnally think that in some cases, the spectator would have moved seeing me coming with 2 wheels in the ditch at 120 km/h. Nut then again, it's all about skills, control and keeping it constant."
76561198054708014,Recommended,310560,17533232,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,bvsurfer,A few years ago someone from Codemasters asked for the communities input for future racing games on a forum. This game is pretty much exactly what I asked for. Since it came out there have been improvements the community has asked for and many of them have already been implemented. It is the game I play most on my Thrustmaster TX. Looking forward to future updates.
76561198027977293,Recommended,310560,17565616,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Cups on my Head,Spent 10 hours (and counting) getting used to RWD driving. I go through games quite easily so it says a lot if I restart the same track 50 times and still am very eager to keep on chugging.  Much more thrilling than bland souls 2.
,Recommended,310560,17568672,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,wa7er,"отличный сим, не хватает русского штурмана на данный момент"
76561198205977459,Recommended,310560,17575602,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,mavs!,I love it! Simulation as it should be! But one MAJOR thing is missing compared to WRC ... and that is hot seat option for up to 4 players on same computer playing rally one after another ... simple but valuable gamplay addon when having friends around specially when owning steering wheel controler ...So please please please add this gameplay mode :)
76561198042280433,Recommended,310560,17588610,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ReggieVG,The Best rally game in long time.Game set new standards in rally simulation game.Recommended to all who love this form of motorsport.
76561197970999694,Recommended,310560,17593267,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,renfe,"The complete re-write of force feedback support worked wonders. Playing with a T500, the road feel is excellent. Graphics focus on performance; with all the extras enabled I get 60+ FPS with triple monitor (GTX 970 2-way SLI). Highly recommend."
76561197971527992,Recommended,310560,17671305,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,homeworld777,"Been a steam gamer for 7 years, this is my first ever review, it's short and to the point, get this game and get a wheel :-)"
,Recommended,310560,16207174,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Ftroop21,"Evil ,Unforgiving,frustrating,tear your hair out kick the dog,but a masterpiece and to top it off not even finished ,get this now if  youve always wanted a proper rally game ,probably the greatest race game of all time,goooo codies goooo excellent 10/10"
76561198039219847,Recommended,310560,21981757,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,toni.rikkonen,"Best physics so far, in any rally sim that I have ever played.Gives you tens of hours of challenge to climb up the leagues and earn money.Front drive, rear drive and AWD cars behave like you expected them to do on different surfaces.Great fun and professional sim combined. Recommended !"
76561197989922602,Recommended,310560,21974848,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ThorMotoXer518,"Amazing rally game! A must play with a steering wheel, it really increases the realism and challenge of navigating rally. If you're a rally fan or a driving enthusiast, this game is a must own!"
,Recommended,310560,18468835,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Rets1972™,"This game is great for graphics but playing on a controller can be frustrating at times even with assist on, it seems you have to take it easy round the tracks on rally other modes hillclimb and rallycross im just doing donuts or spinning out most of the time.After some more playing and a better controller setup it is easier when i first review but still can be hard on certain stages which are very narrow."
76561198078641805,Recommended,310560,19560383,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Bate -TR-,"Şöyle söylemek lazım...Rally konusunda gayet başarılı. Grafikller yıkılıyor. Etaplar zamanla güzelleşiyor. Yollar biraz dar arabaya göre ama bir G27 varsa yıkılıyor...Genel yorumlarım hep serttir. Çoğunu firmalar yayınlamaz. Bu sefer kibar yorum yapayım dedim... ;)Üstadım alalım mı bu oyunu dersen, düşünme kardeşim hemen al derim. Arşivde mutlaka olması lazım...Audi genel tercih konusudur... ;İ)"
76561198165745416,Recommended,310560,22117444,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Gaijin,"The game is amazing but the multiplay needs to pull through. as soon as the multiplayer expands to the level of dirt3, which it most likely will,this game will be one of the top driving games and definetly ther most fun."
,Recommended,310560,21950205,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Sasquatch_77,"Bought this game a few days ago, and everything was working perfectly. Started the career and completed the first 3 races fine. Then went on to the 4th race, and about half way through it my computer froze and restarted. Now every time i try to do a race, doesn't matter if it is in career, hillclimb, or rallycross it freezes and restarts. And there is no co-driver voice anymore..Please fix so I can play this game.."
,Recommended,310560,21954106,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,DeletedDuramax,Great game with realistic physics. the replay value is immense with a ton of different maps and places to visit. The uphill races are fun high speed racing with rally being close calls and technique. Logged 24 hours and havent even grazed the end game.
76561198150553185,Recommended,310560,22107445,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Adam_S14,Pros:Really good physicsReally good soundsGood career modeNice force feedbackGood selection of carsFun multiplayerVarious disciplines of motorsportCons:Limited number of locationsI think this is the best Codemasters rally game to date and is a must for any rally or simulation fan.
,Recommended,310560,21948426,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,HavHest,
76561197985041772,Recommended,310560,21916984,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Scarecrow,The ONLY authentic Rally game out there. I never knew much about Rally sports until I bought this game. I got it because I love off-roading games and this seemed pretty realistic and it is! I highly recommend it to anyone that loves off-roading or Rallying. It's because of this game I'm actually following Rally sports now.
,Recommended,310560,21743029,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Lunch,"I do reccomend this game although I didn't enjoy it. Game is really difficult at the beginning, and I can't learn to love it like I did other rally games like Rallysport for the Original Xbox. Looks damn pretty, but that's not the point of the game. Feels realistic, but playing on default settings is WAY too hard. Way too many times do you see games without realistic handling."
76561198054633676,Recommended,310560,22157473,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,jaysetsfire,Liked DIRT 2? You will love this.10/10
76561198013017058,Recommended,310560,22203759,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,M4rked0ne,"> Hitting a gate frontal> ""Rear Left feels flat""10/10 would puncture again"
76561197975715649,Recommended,310560,22015079,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,BSH,"Dirt Rally bursted on the scene via early access from seemingly nowhere, which in some ways kept excpectations low. But it mannaged to surpase all, and then some.It is now the go to title for rally racing. Just wait till you hear the sounds of some of these monsters!Forget the Dirt series such as Dirt 2 & 3. This is a no-nonescne Rally & offroad title It showcases what Codemasters can really do, and hopfully some of it can rub off on other titles (Formula 1).9.5/10."
76561198121978967,Recommended,310560,22022159,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Z.,41 min into it and I already love it
76561198040281376,Recommended,310560,22065336,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Sort,I have been a simracer since 2000.Colin Mcrae rally was the first real rally game and now we have Dirt Rally.This game have given me many hours of fun and exitment.One small mistake and you are out in the forest or get caught in the snow.I highly recomend this game to any that likes Rally.
76561198194919503,Recommended,310560,22244240,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,henrysankey,I love this game to bits but i would like the developers to get the original subaru box engine sound can we get petter solbergs subaru the sound of that subaru makes me wish i was there and the first subaru impreza colin drove with a big boo sound other than that .Please give us  the safari rally with mud.Like the video on youtube with a celica going through mud in kenya .ive got to say this is the best rally game i have ever played and theres nothing out there that comes close.
,Recommended,310560,22235549,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,KomediaN,"Long story short:9/10Would be 10/10 if there was no Wales rally and the number one AI were not so friggin awesome sometimes.Awesome game, awesome online events and awesome things just everywhere. The difficulty of these online events are just perfect. You can't restart the online events so you really need to focus and make no mistakes, they are costly.A little story about my recent monthly event:Managed to get into monthly event first time so far and was driving a decent two first tracks, then at the beginning of 3rd track one of my tyres broke up. Tried to drive for a good 30 seconds and then decided to park and repair the tire. Cost me good 1 minute 30 seconds. Lost focus, started to lose it and my car started to break even more. One track I lose my lights and it was a night track and it was raining. My car was already breaking in a million pieces. Thats when the challenge starts. The reason why I love this kind of difficulty on the online events is that when you play single player you can restart when your tire breaks or of you make a major mistake but in the longer online events (weekly and monthly) you just really need to play it safe and secure.It is a awesome game and if you like rally this is the game for you. Almost everything is perfect. ♥♥♥♥ing Wales tho.. :D"
,Recommended,310560,22258385,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hammerli850,You might need to RE install this game if your upgrading from 1.09.  At least I did.  But other than that this game is by far the best Rally sim out there!
76561198069186721,Recommended,310560,16448765,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,witty245,best since dirt perhapse even better
,Recommended,310560,16760120,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,cksmaster14,I'm building a triple monitor gaming rig for this game. Also including a racing a wheel. Thats how much I like this game.
76561198078938649,Recommended,310560,16655205,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nevs,I would definately recommend this game. Haven't met anyone that wouldn't.
,Recommended,310560,16885527,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Minamoto_W,"This isn't just a push-push-push rally game, and this is what I liked the most.You have to think about the terrain, about the car, about your drive, because everything counts here. Specially when all the cars have very different behaviors, even between their classes, and every stage can give you a different challenge.About the graphics? Stunning. Sometimes you got so immersed that you think the scenarios are real.As I came from the WRC and V-Rally scenario, I was surprised with the pacenotes too. Paul Coleman worked very well on them, and although it differs from what he uses in real life, it's enough to give you a good help.I strongly recommend DiRT Rally, because Codemasters finally got back into the simulation way."
76561198007866390,Recommended,310560,17909635,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Jasper T. Reynoldois,"I had my doubts about this one, as Codemasters have burned me so many times in the past.  If it helps to put my review in context, I am a long-standing Richard Burns Rally fan, and have a long history with Papyrus/iRacing on the track-racing side of things.  So I was sceptical that this was going to be the realistic rally experience that it was advertised as.  And OK, it's not *perfect* but it's damn good and hopefully getting better.  Great visuals, smooth controls, excellent sense of mass to the cars... replay cameras are good but could be better if they let us select which angles we like.  Pace notes not bad; if they ever let us customize them I would be very happy.  Excellent range of cars.  Rally stages and locations are great; very realistic, without that tendency of previous Codemasters games to turn narrow dirt roads into broad highways.  More stages and more locations would be great though."
76561198114785501,Recommended,310560,17928542,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,T5R92011,"Dirt: Rally=======- Frantic, Intense Rally.- Pace notes delivered with urgency.- Exceptional Tyre Physics- Beautiful Cars- Every corner is a challenge.- Time required to master  (easier than RBR.... but still requires real skill).- You WILL flinch when you crash.SERIOUS Rally Game. Perfect blend of modern visuals, with oldskool challenging gameplay.10/10 - worth every penny."
76561198108279400,Recommended,310560,16574700,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Shnerp,Throw out everything that you thought you knew about Dirt.. This is a ground up reinvention of an already great series. I have played every installment of the dirt franchise at length and this is hands down the greatest experience I have ever had with a racing game. I cant believe this is only 25 bucks! Codemasters is really outdoing themselves here and i cant wait to see how the game evolves throughout the early access!!
,Recommended,310560,16551166,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ist wurscht xD,"A short Review.I love Car/Race/Rally-Games. In the Past there were only a few Games, that made ME over a longer Time glad. Dirt Rally blowed my Mind away!It is still Earty Access, but in my Opinion, it´s already that Money worth. Difficulty Level is ok, Graphics are fine; i´ve got an older System (QX9770/8GB DDR2/XFX5850) i have got about 40 to 60 FPS at 1080p with Middle/High Graphics, Menu looks clean, overall really nice.Of course there are a few Things, that should be fixed or improved. But that Game doesn´t give you the Feeling, that you´re playing an unfinished Game.Because of Early-Access, i hope, that the Publisher will hear to the Community-Wishes. If that will happen, there is a big Chance, to create the best Rally-Game ever.Thanks in Advance, Codemasters!"
76561198094030091,Recommended,310560,16508075,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AXNT,My check engine light is on.I can barely see through the cracks in my windshield.Hitting a small rock or bush is the equivalent of running into a brick wall.I lose a wheel halfway through most races....But I still feel like Ken Block every time I play.10/10
76561198038474814,Recommended,310560,16464986,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,LVCID,"Have only payed through 9 trakcs.I have played a some ralley games recently, (richard burns ralley, dirt 2, dirt 3)I think this this the best dirt game so far. Focuses on tracks, the tracks themselfs are challanging and require you to be 100% dialed in.  It feels like a lot of effort has gone into the track design from the feel of the gravel or ice to the obsticles and normal environmental hazards.I crashed hard into a cliff face and could hear my tyre deflating then a flat tyer sound accompanied with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ handling.I can spend 30 minutes on one track trying to get the best times so so fun. And Ive only unlocked the first class of cars.Would reccomend for the price for anybody who likes ralley or even racing games."
76561198131825892,Recommended,310560,16519884,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The Selon Boy,"It's just like old colin mcrae rally franchies... just focus about rally and rally, no dubstep etc songs, simple but enterteining... the control is more realistic than past dirt games..."
76561197969395755,Recommended,310560,16606757,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,;.; iZomBadi ;.;,"Absolutely top notch, brilliant rally game!I own a G27 racing wheel and this game now (perhaps after latest patch) feels like driving a real car - I kid you not. The graphics are sublime - on a GTX Titan X I have everything on max and it eats up this game; only Project Cars looks prettier. Codemasters are onto a winner here.Well done Codies....keep up the good work!"
76561198043340374,Recommended,310560,16607080,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Menezes69,"Awesome game, the BEST rally racing simulator for sure and the force feedback update made me fall in love with this game once more, keep up with the good work codemasters and i believe this game will improve even more in a near future!"
76561197988687017,Recommended,310560,16612546,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LightAmplification,"This game has what makes a racing game a cut above the rest.It's a feeling you get when driving in Dirt Rally. It's a visceral connection to what you are doing; it's flinching and your insides tightening when you push the car too hard and you just might not be able to clear that tree on the outside of the corner. Not just because you are going to lose some time or positions, but because your brain says ""You were careless, now this is going to hurt""It's hard to explain, but this game has that feeling in spades. It is fantastic so far, all they need to do now is work hard at adding the rest of the content in as it is pretty light right now, especially on different rally stages.As for realism, I have only driven the historic FWD cars so far (the first tier of the games championship mode) but it (Lancia) handles exactly like my own FWD car in real life. The lift throttle oversteer, trying to settle the front to get traction into a turn, getting on it and having the front wash out when jamming the throttle out of a tight corner with a tight differential, pointing the front wheels where you want to go and using the throttle to settle out an out of control rear end. I don't know if it's the most realistic FWD simulation, but it FEELS like it is realistic, and I guess that matters most to me personally."
,Recommended,310560,16615062,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Hodor,"If you like challenging racing, or have even a remote interest in rally - stop reading and buy this.Better than anything on the market already and it's still in early access.Seriously, stop reading."
,Recommended,310560,16495429,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,kruden,Worth Every penny for a good sim. If you like dirt this the the latest and a realpromising one.
76561197971818757,Recommended,310560,16496217,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Uk_viper,"I've owned this game from day one and have decided to review it now after a couple of major patches.This game, after the recent force feedback update, has rapidly become one of my 'go to' games. As it stands, early release or not - it’s very, very good. The feedback from the wheel is now a lot better - matching the physics of the car and giving the whole driving experience a lot more of an intuitive 'feel'. The game play is excellent, the competitors now giving you a good run for your money through all the stages, the recently unlocked Hillclimb feature is a blast - once you get to know the tracks.A word of warning, the game is pretty unforgiving, with the more simulator based handling those making the jump from arcade based racers will find themselves running into a wall (literally) until they have managed to get to grips with the physics and have started to learn some of the stages. You may want to look at your choice of controller for this as well. Keyboard controls, though supported, are NOT ideal. Also, a warning - It can be bit of an uphill struggle at first and players shouldn't expect to jump in and start winning rallies within the first few minutes. It can be a frustrating game at times, expect to slide and spin off the road, a lot, and damage can stop you dead in your tracks. End of stage - end of rally. There is no 'rewind' function - and that's what makes it brilliant. The pressure at times feels very, very real. :-D You'll love to hate it at times, but you WILL be back for more.The developers have been fantastic, really listening to the community and have addressed most of the major issues really quickly, whilst keeping everyone informed of what's happening behind the scenes. For an early access game - this has rapidly evolved from a bit of a (very) rough diamond at release, through to a very playable, polished competent sim. The best bit is the fact that it's still getting better as well, with new content and tracks due to be released as it evolves.As it stands now, this is a fantastically playable, though at times frustrating, but still very competent rally sim and it's only going to get better over time. Recommended."
76561197977246004,Recommended,310560,15602065,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,新V Λ C U U M新,"(Very, very, very strong steering and FFB ......)Update : good ffb, good steering ...."
76561198022872819,Recommended,310560,16636508,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,parrtaker,"I really enjoy this iteration in the Dirt series.  The programming and physics are solid, and the graphics are phenomenal.  This really puts me in mind of Richard Burns Rally.  Thank you for going back to simulator racing game.  The only thing that I would ask is that the time of day and weather conditions could be set manually, instead of the random generator.  I would most definately recommend this to others.  This is a well done game.  Thank you."
,Recommended,310560,16647205,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,"GR|M "" 死神 "" Reap3R","Will I recommend this game?If you love Rally.Simple and short , YES !It's playable even with a 360 Controller.  No steering needed.1) Difficulty wise, well I don't own a steering Im on a 360 Controller,  overall it feels solid. It's not too easy nor it's too hard.It's not really "" arcade "" feel either. Overall it's just right, I've played quite alot of Codemaster racing games, this is by far the best experience. DiRT2 and 3 was nice but this felt bit more "" realistic ""2) Gameplay, It's just exactly like Rally, your fighting against time ! Any mistake you make you lose seconds, your car get damage if you want to repair it will cost you time, car went down the hill and had to recover it? Well guess again it's going to cost you time. Every mistake and delay add up will reflect on your results at the finish line.They even took off the mini map! So pay attention to your Co-Driver your gonna end up at the bottom of the hill !3) Graphics, well it's beatiful as it gets, what your seeing at the screenshots it's what you see in game exactly. ( That is if you had the settings crank up to the max ) It's an AMD Optimize game, even during development the game runs butter smooth as expected.....running on a 290X 8GB + i5 3550, MAX settings benchmark scores was, 130 FPS MAX, 80 FPS MINIMUM"
,Recommended,310560,15870836,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Buzz Lightyear,Got recommended by a friend to buy this game! Awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10+Great PhysicsAmazing GraphicsGood Sounds-No Volvo 240 or 740Cant create own stagesPoor Co-Driver (he made me crash a lot lol)
76561198215586716,Recommended,310560,20918433,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,saxerr,"After putting in over 300 hours on this game  I think it's time to give CM some positive kudos. CodeMasters was at one time my favorite racing game maker, until the last two GRID games. This game however has made me remember the great titles of yesteryear and restored my faith in this company. they listened to the community and did their best to put in this game what the fans have been asking for since the early Colin McCrae days, and it is AWESOME. There is no game out now in the Rallye genre that can compete with DIRT. The physics are spot on and the content is pure. I am not a fan of Pikes peak or the Rally Cross, but, still respect their decision to include them as not everyone wants to play just rallye. The one thing I can say they could have improved on is the amount of stages and countries that are included in the game. Maybe they will add some as DLC after the console release, and this is the first time I have ever said that I would want and be happy to pay for DLC. It is a lot of effort and time to recreate the stages as painstaking close to reality as they went for in this title and can understand the cost of such an endeavor.  I would gladly recommend this to any one who has been looking for a real Rallye title since RBR and this is it. I own WRC5 and all the previous WRC titles and looked at the LOeb title and this by far is the best out. Don't waste your money on the WRC title, even though they have the license, they haven't justified the privledge of said license. It will be a fine day when CM can snatch that license and put the effort of this title in and make a TRUE WRC title that we as fans have been hoping for."
76561198007725370,Recommended,310560,20920773,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Leon026,Not a rally game for the faint of heart - but a rally game for drivers.
76561198058302870,Recommended,310560,16110731,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,jaredbauman,"Hard as crap, but fun. For sure a struggle just to finish a race but I keep coming back. My only request, is to have the ai difficulty lowered a tad. And the time penalties are rediculous in my opinion. I love this game so far, and can only see it getting better from here on out. I see more cars in the future, more tracks, etc. Its awesome."
,Recommended,310560,17398457,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,EczMA,"1. It is really annoying when you finish an event and keep clicking 'Enter' to quit, and you end up starting another event.I believe most of players would take a break from playing or have some time to check the upgrades that have just been unlocked from the previous match.2. There should be a warning when purchasing cars that you can't even use for the chamipionship until 20 events later.(I kept saving up using my 60's mini to buy an M3, thinking I will be doing 80s events after getting it, then I found out you have to progress from the 60s to the era that you want to play. Come on Codemaster, just make all eras available at once, most people born in the 1980s wouldn't have much interest in those 1960 or 70s old school cars)3. Give us the option to turn off not only the main menu music, but also the ones between race loading, that music is not appealing to everyone, and to me it is annoying.4. Need a tutorial, with lessons ranging  from tunning to detailed explanation of the instruction terminologies such as 'don't cut'.This game is much more refined than it was in early access period, I now change my review to positive :)"
76561198090204543,Recommended,310560,20964960,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Tr3voRR9999,"Great game, don't hesitate to get it.What I wish there was in this game :- full in game steering degree with animtion (not locked at 90°)- higher quality textures for most of the vehicles in the interior (I play max out, but some texture in the cars are very ""muddy"")."
76561198093524073,Recommended,310560,20939433,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Iceman97,"Decent game could be the next RBR but with wheels that have small degree's of rotation, steering is problematic & almost ends up needing to be driven like a go kart"
76561198007386075,Recommended,310560,20970496,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,joeyjojoshabado,"my only dissapointment is that theres not enough classic rally cars, especially fwd ."
,Recommended,310560,21012535,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,KeryX,I really recommend this game becouse it is obviously better then WRC5. Becouse of the physics and car sounds.
,Recommended,310560,21012368,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,jhiggins822,I've really enjoyed Codemasters games over time but this effort is nothing but 95.8% perfection which is pretty good in my book. I'm actually quite hard to please and this game pleases me believe me. Codemasters 'Dirt Rally' is the very best Rally game that has come out over the last 7 years or so (since 2009). Dirt 2 in 2009 was and still is one of the best and most fun 'Dirt' game since the colin McRae Rally series released in 1998 by Codemasters. 'DIRT Rally' has been fine tuned by Codemasters throughout 2015 and has by now become an excellent challenging and drivable game. Happy Racing!
76561197966689228,Recommended,310560,20918866,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,meam,Best rally game in ages. Cars sound really good and feel between different surfaces has been made excellent
,Recommended,310560,17396719,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Blob,"Reminds me the classics Colin McRae Rally 1 and 2. I was a huge fan of those and i'm not disappointed. Force feedback, car handling and physics in general feels a bit awkward and hoping for them to be fixed. But the rest is spectacular."
76561198058507448,Recommended,310560,21014493,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TRKebob,"Ok lets start this out with a warningWARNING: DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU EASILY GET♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OFFNow with the caution out of the way lets begin.You are set off with a small amout of money to purchase your first car and to get a taste of the game. Thankfully your car is slower than what you will get to. Then you get to the top and instantly regret getting there.This game will make you get on your knees and pray for mercy. Mercy can't found in DiRT Rally.Pros:Looks GreatSatisfying when ""mastered""Fair DifficultyTrue to rally natureGreat locationsGreat carsFREE UPDATESCons:Quite Demanding (performance wise)Enraging difficultyWhat i mean by fair difficulty is that when you ♥♥♥♥ up in the game its your fault. Not the games fault, all yours. Also you will never ""master"" this game.If you loving rallying, a challenge, or the true sequel to Collin McRae's Rally this game is for you9/10( I also have a review of DiRT 3)"
76561198088885946,Recommended,310560,20991462,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DUSTOFF 46,"Halfway through a stage, when you are doing surprisingly well, you will have to remind yourself: breathe.  This game rewards patience, persistence, and concentration above all.  It's not perfect, but it's really, really good.  Well done Codemasters, thank you for this return to form.Notes:-plays great using xboxone controller (sensitivity and linearity both set to 40, high and low deadzones set to 5/95)-v 1.0 is significantly optimized over the earlier builds that I tried, runs super smooth on my 2 year old hardware"
76561197960422313,Recommended,310560,20986795,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,exalt0,"Dirt is a really good game...  Its very hard, almost too hard.  Ive never played a game in my life (31 years old) that I havent EVER won a championship.   The game is fun, graphics are pretty good, just kind of frustrating sometimes.  I like the simpleness of career mode, i hate all these new racing games that let you race whatever genre you want, whatever car you want... (project cars).  I want to race the slower cars first, earn my quicker cars, and NEVER race slow cars again. 8.5/10  The end"
,Recommended,310560,21005480,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,odius,This game is meant to be played with a racing wheel. Very fun and challenging. 100% recommend!
76561198035086617,Recommended,310560,20974919,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,dMachine,"This is getting old, but NO gymkhana and NO Ken Block.Just rally at its purest. It's not easy and you will lose your nerve and that's why you will love it."
,Recommended,310560,21190681,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,PARAZIT \m/,Aweosome!
76561198041936125,Recommended,310560,20884487,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,"No Hell no Heavens, only this.!.","Quite fun, Imo needs some UI improvement. The driving experience is good, could be better."
76561198073295268,Recommended,310560,21041872,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,| ITS | Skaldsyn | Rct |,It's like Assetto Corsa with dirt5/7
,Recommended,310560,18035297,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,TheOtis,"I've played mostly offline, I have 26 events completed, hours shown on Steam aren't accurate-.10/10, much hard, very recommend.Playing w/ Xbox 360 controller.Not at all the DiRT game you've played before hand. No annoying narrator calling you bro and you don't breeze through events like in DiRT games past. This game is freaking hard. I thought myself to be a pretty solid driver in racing games, on both Arcade and Sim fronts. From the Forza series, DiRT series, NFS series, Gran Turismo series, Ridge Racer series, Trackmania, GT-R, and so on. If you watched me play this, you'd think this was the first racing game I've ever played.The entire team aspect is a pretty neat feature, a big part of the game relies on it. Your team effects how much of your cars damage you can fix in the given time between races. And trust me, you'll end up caring a lot about it. The tire damage, engine light coming on, body damage, and so on. The damage system is completely unforgving and at times annoying. Nothing is worse than strarting the third or fourth race in a series, then getting a tire puncture 75% of the way through the race. Do you take the time hit and fix it during the race? Or do you try and make it to the finish without going off of an embankment and avoid adding those precious 12 seconds to fix it?In 104 races I haven't came in above 3rd. I haven't even qualified to compete in a higher league yet! Mostly I see 4th place. This game seriously requires your full attention. Don't let your mind drift and keep focused on what the next turn or two ahead of you is and get ready for it. The second you look away, you're most likely heading straight off of a cliff from a switch back.I haven't quite seen the proverbial ""reward"" from putting myself this many hours of race abuse. Something about it just makes you want to keep trying over and over again. Maybe I'm a glutten for punishment? Maybe subconciously I have a profund amount of self hate and this is what I choose to put myself through?""Well, maybe in the next event I'll place third finally"" said myself and probably others a million times.Give it a go if you're a racing game fan or if you hate yourself.Edit Feb 13th, 2016- This game is vicious to play when you've been drinking."
,Recommended,310560,19754596,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,FalseLion - haprad.com,Probably the most fun I've ever had in a racing game.
,Not Recommended,310560,16442475,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Katzenstreu,"So as this game is now released and i gave it a couple of hours i wanted to update my EA review.Game version is now 1.02It would be a brilliant rally game if it were not for those flaws that keep buggering up your experience at the moment.Content:A point that is argued a lot about is the amount of content. Codies delivered all that was promised during EA and that includes these six locations. Not much for a rally game, but the quality of these tracks is amazing. Narrow, dangerous, it's a thrilling experience getting your car through these corners.Only downside i see here is, that you start to remember the tracks quite fast, because all variations of a location are based on an about 12km long track that is divided and driven in both ways.The amount of cars is very pleasing imho, you'll find enough cars that you'll like even if you favorite car is not in the game.It's not very much content, but the quality is very high and it takes a lot of time to master these locations and cars.The Other game modes, Hillclimb and Rally Cross (RX) fall a bit short on tracks, but it adds some nice variety and i like them. More tracks would be awesome, but again, i think there is enough content.Multiplayer:The only head to head action you'll get in multiplayer is the RX mode. Other ""multiplayer"" is through leaderboards and different events. So no real multiplayer rally. I don't really care about it, so for me that's no big deal.What i miss, are other gamemodes, like a time trial mode (with ghosts) or a hotseat mode.Gameplay:This is where Dirt Rally has it's strengths: Gravel surface driving physics. Tarmac simulation is not as good, but still good. Driving is a lot of fun in this game and that's what it's about.But be warned, this game is hard. Don't expect to win anything in the beginning. It takes patience and practice to get finally good enough to win your first rally.Frustration:Finally we come to the reason why i can not recooment this game in it's current state. It's not really polished and there are bugs that will crush every bit of fun that you have and turn it into frustration.Imho they rushed the release, delivering a pretty untested last patch to release. They could have taken another week and let the EA people test that last patch, but they did not.Ok so they released a patch one week later to fix the most annoying and obvious things, but there is still the biggest fun killer, the pace notes.Rally driving is about not knowing what is ahead of you, but trusting in your co-drivers calls to know what is up ahead.The calls this game is providing are the root of all evil.Sometimes a corner is skipped, sometimes there is a completely wrong call and sometimes the call is just way too late. Why does the co-driver take a 2 seconds break to then tell me there is a sharp corner right behind the last one when i'm already falling off a cliff?Even driving a relatively slow car some calls are simply way too late. There is of course a setting to set the calls earlier, but why? Most calls are fine the way they are.This gets even worse driving a really fast car (Group B) as you'll almost every time get some calls too late.The inconsistend calls completely destroy the fun. ""You just drove a very nice 7 minutes stage? well lets give you a last right 4 that is actually a 2 and let you throw away a good run in the last corner driving off a cliff.""Besides the calls, there are other flaws that should not be in the release version.It was ok in EA, but now... If you want to know what's all wrong, just browse the forums, you'll get the picture.So i like this game, but as much as i try to recommend it, i simply cannot, until they fix the bugs and wrong calls out of this game."
,Recommended,310560,19774155,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Icon of Sin,"This is by far the best racing game I have played in years. Never played Richard Burns Rally but as far as I can tell this is the closest to the real thing you can get. Graphics are great, runs like a charm and sounds wild.There is nothing quite like pushing the limits around the bends (and failing miserably on occasion). This game is very punishing but that makes it all the more rewarding when you get it right."
,Recommended,310560,19774268,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,SentineL_VDXi,Finally a DiRT not so Arcade to play
76561198075913706,Recommended,310560,19774451,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,lil shorty wang,so far so good! very challenging. good graphics
76561198004734341,Recommended,310560,19774920,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,The Lorax,"Pros:Best DIRT game to come out in yearsGood track design. Every country has its own theme. Tracks feel and look like real rally stages.Wide car selection and car personality.  All of the timeless cars are in the game.  Cars feel like the time they were built in.  Cars in the same class feel very different from the others.Code masters is doing a great job at releasing new NON-DLC content for the game, as well as general support and improvements.The raw sounds of rally: Blow of valves, back fire, and anti-lag.  The audi quattro sounds like a screaming inline 5.  The stratos nearly drowns out the codriver. Subaru sounds like boxer. The hillclimb monsters sound like they want to kill you, and they will...Multiplayer looks functional, but i never play it so i have look elsewhare for informationCons:Learning curve.  If this is your first rally or sim. game prepare to sink at least 5-10 hours in to get used to the feel and pace notes.Unlocking car upgrades takes awhileKeyboard is not an option to playwith, and controller takes tweaking to be confortable. (look on steam fourms for controller settings will save you lots of time with this)"
76561198150383506,Recommended,310560,19818460,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,minimumtax50772,"This game is amazing, the graphics, the difficulty is just right to what you would want it. If the game had a 07 wrx and a evo 6.5 then game would be perfict but beggers cant be chooses. The game is extreamly close to life like with the graphics and the sounds even by how the car handles. I give this game a 9.9/10 :)"
,Recommended,310560,19844795,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mithras,"Even whilst in Early Access, this game was and still is (as realistically one can get to) flawless.I touch myself to this.Is da sex. 10/10--In all seriousness, get it. I've been inspired to get behind the wheel once more to compete and actually go get my international rally licence. You'll destroy every controller, wheel, and/or keyboard to only then go to your local retailer and purchase another set to then get angry and destroy them again. With true to the sport realism, very credible physics, great graphics, sweet, simple, pragmatically flawless mechanics, and the developers making this unbelievably more perfect than the last; you can only imagine how good this title will be since it was perfect from its release. A growing community of modders, and players worldwide ensure that this game will only become the rightful heir to Richard Burns Rally and then some.This is the Dark Souls of Racing. Still, I don't think Dark Souls was this enjoyable. (Credits to another reviewer here for that line.)"
76561198013589931,Recommended,310560,19894854,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,baney64,"Its the best rally game since richard burns rally. Codemasters have really shown us what there capable of on the sim side here. Rally games are best when they dont hold your hand, and this one does that well. If your looking for a challenging but rewarding rally sim than look no further than this one. 9/10"
,Recommended,310560,19894412,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Beardface,"Just when you think you've gotten the hang of your vehicle you push it just a little harder and throw it off the track.  Brutal, punishing, magnificent rally sim. 10/10, would wreck vehicle again."
76561198047606688,Recommended,310560,19869071,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rhys Chandler,"A Game Like Never Before!DiRT Rally is an awe inspiring, hard-core racing simulator that truly does rallying justice.In my opinion, anyone who likes Asetto Corsa, Forza, Gran Turismo or Project cars will adore DiRT Rallly; much like i do.However, you should know about the aspects in more detail before parting with your money.Positives• Has a great feel in terms of grip and control• Has great sounds recorded directly from actual rally cars• Has a fantastic career which improves rapidly enough that it does not demand grinding to improve but is not so easy that it can be completed easily.• Has tiers of difficulty so that you can find a challenging medium for your skillset• Also features Hillclimb and Rallycross events for other players• Has over 30 iconic cars to choose from, spanning from the 1960's to the modern dayNegatives• Due to recently coming out of early access; DiRT Rally has a few bugs, not game ending or major in any respect but they can be a little off putting.• Some people say that the grip levels in some areas area inconsistent, I can't feel the difference but it should be mentioned.• It will suck your life away and turn you back into a moody teenager again; especially if your family walks into the room whilst your barreling along a narrow track at 100mphAs a side note; CodeMasters have decided to not put a damage toggle in the game; it is constatly on. I find this neither a negative or a postive because after all the game is a simulation and damage can't be turned of in real life. However, I feel that the damage may be a headache to the casual players who want a rally game without all of the worries of breaking their cars constantly.All in all, my review was never intended to sway your opinion of DiRT Rally; it was merely conducted to outline the key areas of the game that a buyer should know. Heck, if you're reading the reviews you're probably thinking about buying the game; so go do so! You'll be missing out if you don't!"
76561197966137491,Recommended,310560,19865376,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Reduction ★,"Hard, because you must start from bottom. Can't afford nothing but old cars in the beginning. Old cars are not easy to handle (although you can turn on abs, traction control and stability for them.. which is kind of odd in game that strives to be realistic). Long stages take a lot of concentration. Rewarding flow states are achievable. This is not some easy party game."
,Recommended,310560,16991868,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Bluegoon,Gran Turismo: Prepare to Die Edition.
,Recommended,310560,19790255,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,3-6-9  34-21,"If you are too lazy to work out in your free time, you can buy this game and a good racing wheel and you'll start sweating and losing weight in no time!"
76561197992916479,Recommended,310560,19822267,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,robby,"Love the detail, this one of the best rally games in my opinion... (after Richard Burns rally of course)"
,Recommended,310560,19830575,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,j0bf0rac0wb0y,If Jigsaw would like to play a game again - he'd give you Dirt Rally.One of the toughest games I've ever played. 10/10
76561198060929302,Recommended,310560,19813853,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Vegan Gains,"DiRT Rally is an amazing game.You have 3 gamemodes: Rally, Hillclimbs and rallycrossRally is as expected very serious and hard with different road conditions: light gravel, dirt, snow , ice .etcHill climb events really test your skill, driving a very powerful car with crazy acceleration... without pacenotesRallycross events are a good way to take a quick break from the seriousness of rally racing----------------------------------+Physics are great+Car sound are amazing+Stages are very good+Finland is rally heaven+Good variety of cars, many liveries for every car+No music during driving, just engine sound, turboflutter and the soundof gravel hitting the underside of your car+Hill climb events-------------------------------------Rwd cars are Hell to control in snow-Tires are made out of paper mache-No toutorial when starting the game ( i would have liked a brief toutorial to help me get familiar with pacenotes, i just used google )-20gb download file----------------------------------Great game 9/10"
76561198117617332,Recommended,310560,19768754,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Seolhyun,Good game.
76561198097443549,Recommended,310560,19118366,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Teks Willer,"Decent racing simulator meant for good steering wheels (and pads and keyboards). Graphics are up to date and it still works with many pc setups from casual laptops to high-end gaming rigs. Driving is simulated by realistic way. Physics are nice. Level desingn is based real tracks. There is only racing, no stunts. Immersion is good with adjustable seats, manual wipers and headlights, repairing, weather conditions, individual cars and more..."
76561197960936892,Recommended,310560,19921900,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Retaliate,Best Rally game since Richard Burns Rally and the first Colin McRae games +DiRT Rally has Rallycross and Hillclimb.
,Recommended,310560,20006380,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,solstice,"i have played all the dirt games and some of the wrc evovled games but nothing comes close to this amazing,realistic and beautiful game"
76561198088269913,Recommended,310560,19973073,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,eden,"""Well, i was really good at dirt 3 so I suppose i can put ai on hard and have all the traction control and stuff down""Oh.10/10 would throw keyboard again."
,Recommended,310560,19972212,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SmashingJoe182,"Pure rally, no gymkhana, real tracks (incredibly close to reality), awesome cars and an even better driving-physics, mesmerizing sounds and graphics, there's not much this game doesn't do right. By far the best rally sim out there."
,Recommended,310560,19945474,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,falloutsocks,"Dirt Rally was very come and go with me when I got it. We have a very love-hate relationship but at the end of the day I think the only reason for this is that I am god awful at it!For those asking the difference in this to previous games?... It does NOT feel like any of the other Dirt games at all. Playing this reminds me of the original Colin McRae series, particularly 2005 (The best in my opinion). It simply feels like an updated, expanded and far prettier version of that particular title.Dirt Rally can be difficult to begin with as money is limited, and that's where I began to first get put off because I hadn't learnt how to play the game properly and it seems like an endless cycle but once you have bought your first decent car it becomes a lot easier and more enjoyable :)That transition for me came in the form of the R4 class Mitsubishi EVO X and is a godsend to drive!!Moving away from the career, you can create  your own events in any of the several locations with all cars unlocked (so this is a great way to test out cars before you buy them!).The online is also great. I love taking part in the daily events even if I am♥♥♥♥♥♥hahaha! You will use your cars that you've bought in career here, but there is also a daily event that allows you to use the car specified even if you don't have it. The online events give you only one attempt at a stage and your finishing time is sat amongst everyone else's, then they're all divided up into 3 tiers and money is given out to everyone depending how you placed:)And no I still have not finished a monthly event :( Those who don't know what that is, will soon because you're totally going to buy this game now ;)Hope this insanely bloated review is helpful to someone ha! Enjoy!"
76561197961607443,Recommended,310560,19975038,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ZxHunterxZ,:D
,Recommended,310560,15589816,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,asteroulis,"I need to change my early access review and give this game a proper v1.0 review now.I did not expect so much from codemasters but they surprised me. This game is not RBR , its not the game the rally fans communoty is waiting for , but it is a really fun game to play and drive. Its got rally atmosphere , rally roads and a bit of rally difficulty. Its clear from bells and whistles.Its got simple menus and a beautiful simplicity to it. The scenery is very nice , but the cars lack variety and personality.I dont regret buying it , supporting the early access development and giving my feedback which was more heard than ignored.Recommended to rally fans."
,Recommended,310560,15606439,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Game Boy Color,"This game strips all the unnecessary weight of the main Dirt series and focuses on providing the most authentic rally experience around.Rally stages are set in 3 locations with 32 stages total, all much longer and much more thrilling than the ones found in Dirt 3.Career mode could have incorporated a sort of grassroots racing introduction. The car classes are split by different eras in rally racing. It starts you off in the 60s and pushes you through subsequent decades until you hit 2010 where you'll race modern, dull WRC machines (Mini Clubman, Fiesta). You upgrade your vehicles and crew through winnings from the career mode.The game plays great on an Xbox 360 controller, though you're probably better off with a nice wheel if you've got one.The realistic physics and the game itself are far less forgiving than Dirt 3. There are no rewinds, restarts will reduce your winnings, and damage carries through to the next stage. You can fix your vehicle in between stages but you have to allocate time on the various components that require repairs. Each percentage point costs time out of your alloted 30 minutes. If you go over that time it will bleed into your overall stage time as it does in real rally racing, though you can hire crew members and level them which allows them to work more efficiently.I've run into the infamous no-co-driver bug and it's been really difficult to get through stages without spinning out or driving off a cliff, and that's really the only downside. Albeit, it's a pretty big downside considering the co-driver's importance in this game versus Dirt 3, which had a map of the stage you were on. It's a known issue and it's currently being looked into, so fingers crossed!That issue asside, this game is♥♥♥♥ingawesome.Update: Co-driver bug is fixed! Game rocks!Update: The game has drifted out of Early Access and my recommendation still stands. Since my last review more content has been added, bugs have been squashed, and physics have been improved."
76561197968301187,Recommended,310560,19943903,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,siftingsand,95%
,Recommended,310560,19985851,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Thunder,"What can I say, I thought I'm good at rally games, guess what? I was wrong. THIS GAME IS A MASTERPIECE OF THE RALLY GAMES."
,Recommended,310560,19843271,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Hypzor,Recommend without a doubt
76561198032119634,Recommended,310560,18932141,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,sngrmns,"Codemasters has put out a few informative articles about certain aspects of their game.This game does not really use ""Pace Notes"".3 left does not mean 3rd Gear, left.This game uses ""Route Notes"".http://blog.codemasters.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/DiRT-RALLY-pacenotes.jpghttp://blog.codemasters.com/dirt/04/co-driver-calls-explainedGreat sound, from the engine/exhaust simulation to the road noise and incidentalsGreat visuals which seem well optimizedSatisfying force feedback (some disagree; not perfected / still being improved)Admirable focus on Driving, without Flash and Clutter---Minimalist and overall Satisfying UI, Menus-------More Game than Sim, more Sim than most GamesCourse selection will begin to seem a little sparse after ~100+ hoursReally hope we get good Replay functionality.....I don't care if it uses my entire HDD........I want to save my Replays.I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a Great / Fun Rally Game.Quote, Craig Lager for PC Gamer Dec 18, 2015http://www.pcgamer.com/dirt-rally-review/?ns_campaign=article-feed:... ""The cars look different, sound different, but they feel incredibly similar and lacking any real, unique character. [...] and cars in the same groups are barely distinguishable.""... ""The in-car wheel is locked to 180°.""The in-car wheel is not locked to 180º.I suggest that anyone using a wheel and pedals explore the setup options for the game.I could not say that the cars are""barely distinguishable""from my own experience.-\ Just don't let this title go without trying it for yourself. /-The ""feel"" and ""character"" of a game will be subjective to each person.  Naturally cars within a group which dictates certain design limits and guidelines for every vehicle will be somewhat similar.  I found the different cars to have quite unique characters; especially before modifying all of their various drivetrain and suspension components / settings in order to make the vehicles perform in a manner that is suited to my driving style.  A lot of the cars' original characters were of course lost at that point.-\ On course selection and design /-The available roads are spectacular fun and make up a pretty good representation of Rally locations.  If you read about the process that Codemasters used to recreate these real-world locations it may be understandable why the selection is so limited.I don't necessarily appreciate thehand-placed rocks and other hazardsspecifically designed to add difficulty to the courses.  While such hazards are of course present in life, in this game some things could be more elegantly done.I hope that future Expansions or support, or even user content, can expand on the great stuff we already have.-\ Performance is great /-The game runs locked at 60 for me on : z77-i7 4.1GHz, 8x1600, 2x intel 520, 770-2Gb mild OCAll graphics setting maxed, Advanced Blending off, vsync, 4x MSAAFills about 1700MB of my vram and uses 60 - 80% of gpu time usually.I use a Logitech momo wheel/pedals on homemade stand (don't ask).  I don't regret buying this one but I will spend a lot more on its eventual replacement, with higher steering lock and of course more resilient construction.  Even on this modest wheel though the FFB from the game is pretty satisfying and adds a lot to my enjoyment.-\ Is this game realistic? /-Not really?  Overall I would say that the game is not a breathtaking simulation of realism but it's still fun and I wouldn't call it 'arcade-y'.The cars' behaviors seem to follow the general laws of physics as I understand them - to a point.  I don't think that there is a fully physically simulated model(s) at work here especially in regards to the physicality of the tires. e.g. the lack of tire temperature and pressure data; the feeling that sometimes chassis response is too 'instant' to only steering inputs when no traction is available.Some level of (sometimes extreme) traction control, strange stability or 'on rails' feeling and especially ABS or magic brake assist seems to be present but it's difficult to quantify. I drive with these assists turned off.  The vehicles still mostly respond as I would expect them to in any given situation.  I drive a quattro in life, I have spent time mucking about in the snow and ice when it's slow and safe, I've enjoyed some modest time on gravel roads in fwd and rwd and awd vehicles, I have spent several hundred hours playing gran turismo 3 / 4 but that's the most ""sim"" time I've had for what it's worth - people debate this.-\ Consequences and the simulation of a Rally experience /-The lack of a ""practice"" or ""free driving mode"" I think is a good design choice.  The overall spirit of the game seems to be geared toward providing a difficult and unpredictable experience, which rally of course is, also the spirit of the rally is conveyed well through the continuity forced by the game modes.Finish, not FirstWhile in life if I were to try to drive like this I'd put hundreds of hours into practicing wherever possible, i.e. dirt and gravel roads, here we have no real life injury or cost and the AI times at least at beginning are well spread out, so placing in the top 10 is not terribly hard; so at least the cost of repairs wil be covered.- Restart system:I think it's balanced pretty well.  Restarting from the very beginning is how it should be, no checkpoints please.++ Minimalist UI and menu functions aregreat++I appreciate the creators' focus on providing a good driving game and not cluttering it up or devoting development time to animating/cutscening/making a visual garage, these things are not necessary at all for me.  As much as these things can add to a character of the game, they can also detract from it if we are forced to endure needless delays for animation or even just loading of cutscenes and pantomimes.I will get my entertainment from the sound of myself bouncing off of hazards and the feel of the wheel jerking and then going suddenly light as I begin to flip over."
76561198029421877,Recommended,310560,20020502,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Königschurro,"Oh my god this game is fantastic. I only just bought it and I know it's going to be a good game. There is a huge difficulty factor involved with this game so don't expect to just jump in and be able to place good times. I've only won one stage and it was by two miliseconds. This game is a totally new expeirence and I recommend it who heartedly. When the co-driver says ""don't cut"" it means don't cut, by the way, unless you like dying by smashing face-first into a tree at 90 mph. 11/10."
,Recommended,310560,20033247,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bainy,"This game is a different thing not seen for some while in the sim community, a true rally game, No fluff around the edges with ""ken blok ze best rali car drivr evar"" Just rally, That is all, nothing more and nothing less.*****RANT RANT RANT*****I am sorry to have to write this review as there is clear potential for the game, But the cars (excluding A class and up) are completely wrong, The effect given to the steering of say the MKII Escort, completely off, You can be slowly putting at around 30kph and try and slowly go around a corner (i tested this) and have the car force you to counter steer because it loses traction, I know that RWD rally cars are known for being sideways, But that only happens when you actually want it to, NOT because thats how the devs decided that they should only ever be sideways, This only applies to the group B and down cars, after that the steering seems to be somewhat realistic to where you arent forced to counter steer at slower speeds.I still reccomend this game even though for the first while you play it you will want to throw your glorious PC out the window ;_; :D"
,Recommended,310560,20004612,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Norski yes?,"The game itself is great, but the FFB is just horrible!"
76561197968904341,Recommended,310560,20028631,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hitty86,"I contemplated buying this game for awhile now.. Now i cant believe i didnt buy it earlier! Has to be by far the best rally game out at the moment. My first championship i came in at 5th thats when i realised how realistic this game was. not just pick up, play, win.! ive only played 3 hours but its had me at the edge of the seat! Fast paced rally driving as it should be, The co-driver really is your best friend here."
76561197966816600,Recommended,310560,20252556,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jammy_Dodger,"Forget the old codemasters driving games with arcade physics and sometimes questionable controls.  If you are looking for the successor to Richard Burns Rally i think this might finally be it.That said, the reasons why RBR and Grand Prix Legends didn't gain commercial success was they had a big barrier to entry that meant if you were a casual player it was too unforgiving.  You had to invest hours in those games to get close to getting a decent level of reward back.Where DiRT Rally seems to have struck a winner is that it gives the level of depth that RBR type players look for in a game without being a game that is inaccesible for casual players.  You can play this as easily with a controller than you can with an expensive wheel setup.The variety of options/disciplines is enough to give everybody something and the enjoyment that the game gives is impressive as are the graphics, sounds and feeling.Well worth the price and thanks for the effort Codemasters"
76561198019478521,Recommended,310560,17000027,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,spinatai,"Very nice visuals, very nice sound, afaik the most realistic car handling in a video game there is.HOWEVEROnly buy this game if you're a hardcore driving enthusiast and have the patience of a rock - this game punishes you every chance it gets."
76561197960461312,Recommended,310560,20185554,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Crunch,"Bought a RWD and now want to smash my computer , 10/10, will continue to crash into everything and yell profanities at the screen."
76561198257159101,Recommended,310560,20267782,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,mravlinc,"One of the best rally games since RBR! Still missing some cars and diversity in stages, but all in all a great game!"
76561198159019151,Recommended,310560,15598282,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,virus07,Best Rally game ever. Thank you codemasters :)
76561198146070278,Recommended,310560,15598479,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,RSfordy,TRUE SIM LOVING THIS great work codemasters
76561198078598244,Recommended,310560,15600758,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,kmorger,"I have been pleasently suprised at how well this game Feels... The physics seem spot on. Additionally, the game is gorgous, and having a DK2, the immersion is impressive.I'm also pleasently supprised at the racing wheel integration. I have a G27, usually theirs setup involved. Pretty seemless this time, a welcome change. I did try it with an xbox controller as well, seems they've thought of everything.I'm very much looking forward to seeing where they are headed with this game, but I'm already very impressed."
,Recommended,310560,15601173,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Oowan,This is how all early access games should be.
,Recommended,310560,15601234,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lily The Kid; Ophelia the Killer,"This is the first rally racing game I've ever played, and I gotta say that I'm in love with it.It's super noob friendly, with the incredible amount of options available. Beyond that, there's a pretty decent selection of stuff for being two days into early access. Lots of cars so far, and a few tracks help draw up variablity. The realism of the physics and other things are a huge plus as well. Unfortunately there's a couple of bugs, one of which being that the co-driver doesn't work for some peopole (including myself) and that makes it pretty difficult to work with some sharp corners. It's still fairly fun without the co-driver, just a bit more difficult.So far, I've put a fair amount of time into it in just two days and I cannot wait for future updates. I'm very happy with my purchase."
,Recommended,310560,15599313,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Wabbit,"Very early thoughts:Colin McRae rally is back. Long detailed stages, tons of weather options, the car selection is already very cool.Game engine runs great and I get a very playable 50 - 70 fps running at ultra on my GTX670 card. It also seems very scalable and can be dialed down so it looks like a PS2 game if you have a toaster.Plays great with a pad. Recommend turning on stability control slightly though.No Ken Block rattling off stiff lines constantly, no gymkhana, no MONSTER ENERGY DRINK XTREME GAMES UPLOAD YOUR SICK REPLAY TO YOUTUBE BRO garbage.Lovely.Will update as I play more."
,Recommended,310560,15601592,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,boysef,"Realistic Butt Clenching.I feel like Lucas Black at the beginning of Tokyo Drift, and then my tire flew off 10/10"
76561198091419372,Recommended,310560,15601626,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Cielosbane,"High difficulty, feels like a proper Rally sim."
,Recommended,310560,15592624,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Cero Miedo,"I find it interesting they used the 'DiRT' branding for this when it is clearly theColin McRae Rally 6people have been begging for nearly a decade.Now, let me say this first. I enjoyed the DiRT games so far, Gymkhana and all *ducks to avoid the barrage of rocks and tomatoes*. That being said, there has always been a yearning in my heart for a classic rally game. The kind that the aforementioned deceased rally legend had his name on.I rather like the idea that not only is this clearly a response to Codemasters longtime fan's requests, they're letting the fans be involved in early access to insure that they come as close as possible to meeting those requests. Stop reading, go buy, go rally and go run into something (it's going to happen, braking is back)."
76561198082276297,Recommended,310560,15593033,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,[Rocky] RICK200CUP,Other people have already said whats great about this game. just buy DIRT RALLY enough said.
,Recommended,310560,15593134,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Poseidus,"For early access, this game is shaping out to be really good. The courses feel natural according to the different terrains and weather conditions.  A deflater/missing tire really impacts your driving but you can still finish the course (if you don't total the vehicle).  Can't wait for more content as the game developes.  I'm playing with the following settings for maximum Total Reward percentage:Manual SequentialForced Camera (On)Manual Launch Control (On)ABS (Off)Traction Control (Off)Stability Control (Off)Entire HUD (Off)This provides a really difficult learning curve but well worth it if you could make it through the courses/events in the Top 3 :]."
76561197998337459,Recommended,310560,15593204,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,help,Finally.11/10
76561198084910053,Recommended,310560,15593342,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,monkiemurdie,"Just got a wheel t300rs  and track IR today for pcars. I was suprised to see this game works with both.Track IR (TRACKIR) works in dashboard and cockpit views only however no support ingame.I also have a bug that locks my keyboard out completely in game and on windows 7 so i need a full restart.PROSstuff breaks on the care.g puncture then you lose the tyre so your just on the rim, and then I busted my intercooler for my engine so it overheats eventually your car will just fail, so speed vs failure is a tactical aspect to this game. there is no magic rewind.I am new to racing wheels so I dont want to offer feedback on that aspect."
,Recommended,310560,15593486,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,autumn,"This could well be the new precedence for Rally. A weighty handling model that conveys well the different surfaces and encourages momentum and quick reaction. Great graphics and sound, exciting stages, a superb collection of cars already and the promise of more to come. With the lack of a rewind feature it keeps the excitement and tension throughout a stage as you race on a knife edge knowing that any slip up will land you a hefty time penalty or even put you out for good.There's also some nice touches with team management for the career mode and the ability to set up leagues via racenet.If Codemasters keep on building on the foundation they've got here, Rally fans are in for a real treat."
76561197976600033,Recommended,310560,15593515,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,essomeganegt,"It's Dirt ... to the next power.Dirt 1-3 cant prepare you for this. Even after hundreds of hours logged in those games, I barely managed to crack top 10 on default AI. Steering is slightly loose, but not as much as the previous games. The most noticeable difference is in the inertia these cars carry. There's much more weight being thrown around (and off :P) the track.And that brings me to the tracks. The designer here really deserves a raise. Length aside, these are some of the most authentic looking tracks ever. Sure when you watch videos all you see are trees, trees, and more trees. But when you race them, you'll soon notice ditches, huge rocks, crazy narrow roads, intersecting roads blocked off further back, large spectator gatherings lining the track side with their cars. It definitely won't wow the average gamer, but probably will for a rally fan (like me); it really feels like a rally stage.Even at early access, I got my money's worth.Codies should really consider renaming this to Colin Mcrae 6 (or 7 if you count Dirt1) just to let people know they mean business... and also not all stages are gravel."
,Recommended,310560,15595810,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,overtkill,so far saaa...weet! ......looking forward to the final product.
76561197970108186,Recommended,310560,15596294,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ferdht,"What a surprise, a really good rally game nobody was expecting. Extremely pleasant to drive and quite difficult too. Good simulation. Even though it's early access the game doesn't feel half baked. There's enough cars and races to have fun for weeks, and it's only gonna get better. I'd like to have graphics for the assitance between races to make it feel more real though, and tyre choices too."
,Recommended,310560,15596368,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Peter Ian Staker,Just won my first event. This is very challenging but so rewarding once you get into the grove. Its amazing and it will keep getting more amazing once they add more content. Buy this now if want to see the first proper rally sim since RBR succeed.
76561197970524751,Recommended,310560,15596680,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,shep1216,looks good feels good fun game  looks great in nvidia 3d   only would like traskside camera controol insted of camera jumping around
76561198017387802,Recommended,310560,15596684,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,STUMP,"Amazing!!!Finally a true rally sim.There are a few minor details that need some tweaking in future updates, for example-A settings option to adjust the steering rotation in game would be brilliant (hope your listening Codemasters :)-car seems to stall out a little quickly now and then-second gear (using a H shifter) occasionally pops out sometimes without touching the clutch etcOther than those small details i HIGHLY reccomend this game.buy it now and help support its progress people, lets all show Codemasters THIS is what we want."
,Recommended,310560,15783638,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,zyber lame-o,No gymkhana10/10
76561197978908129,Recommended,310560,15783799,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Tubular,"Not only the first game in 10 years to even come close to as realistic as Richard Burns Rally, it might even surpass it! Add in top end graphics, and Codemasters' trademark style and excellent career mode design, and this is definitively the best off road game ever made. And it's not even done yet!"
76561198023043657,Recommended,310560,15784678,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,8tom,fokkin awesome
76561198030877985,Recommended,310560,15787059,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,GarryJay,"After all those years finally a great rally sim. I love it.It is difficult, yes, but so satisfying.There are a lot of complaints about the graphics which I partially can understand but it does look incredibe nice already.The one complaint I have are trees and bushes, they look so terrible flat. It's like a copy and paste of the same tree with no depth, color variation or shape variation.It runs great on high on my old laptop but ultra looks better for sure, if you go around a hairpin in Greece and see the dust hanging in the air on the road behind you .. awesome. Should be more dust though :) I can count the sprites.Unfortunately I can only play via controller at the moment but this is already sooooo extremely good.The online events are fantastic, too, however league doesn't work for me, always errors out.The idea of daily, weekly etc. races is fantastic.It would be nice to have a theme choice or two for the directions, not a big fan of the hand drawn arrows but well, that's minor nitpicking.The simple menues are all good, who the heck needs fancy schmancy in a rally racer?Music is ok, too but most importantly, no music during races :)Tracks are quiet long, which is good, however focusing is hard work and doing that for 5 minutes is a lot of work. I prefer the 3-4 minutes tracks. Anything longer makes my brain melt.I am hesitant if it should have a mode like the trailblazer, I really liked chasing cars. Doubt it will happen though.Everything is perfect just a bit better graphics and it would set me for years to come."
76561197960812260,Recommended,310560,15849947,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Vejgaard,"Wheel settings took a while to get right (and for some reason still doesn't feel right on icy levels).. Other than that the game is f****** brilliant..Be aware that this is (unlike any other Codemaster game) an actual sim racer - so might be a tough learning curve for the usual codemaster racers..Lastly - developers of the game, please keep up the good work. :)/Soren"
,Recommended,310560,15852037,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,LeSpank,"Outstanding example of early access. The game features a lot of content considering the price they are asking. Most importantly the game feels very polished despite it's relatively early stage of development. A mention must also go to the sound design, DiRT Rally is the best sounding racing game I have played."
,Recommended,310560,15705061,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,matej,"If your co-driver says ""don't cut"", for the love of all the it holy, DON'T CUT!10/10 would flip my car into a tree again."
,Recommended,310560,15846692,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Malloc Voidstar,"I'm a terrible driver but I still enjoy this. If you are a terrible driver used to arcade-racing you might enjoy this too! Just be prepared to suck, a lot, for a long time. Also RWD are hard to drive"
76561198024169185,Recommended,310560,15847725,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Cankle Shanker,"The game is fantastic! I loved Dirt 3 but hated all the other stuff added onto it. Rally is definitely my favorite and there really is no better game to play it in than this one. Definitely recommend, I can see many, many hours going into this game."
76561197971825360,Recommended,310560,15848505,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,rickbarrett,"FINALLY! A new rally game for serious rally fans. From 60's classics to modern vehicles the bases are covered.  The visuals are gorgeous & the sounds are spot on (something often overlooked but a huge part of the overall picture if you're a car nut) The only thing that could make it any better would be if they could get the rights to put the official liveries on the cars, it would then be perfect. Unreservedly recommended, get it now you won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,310560,16114552,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,verbatim (HD),"If you like rally racing, you need this game."
,Recommended,310560,16116881,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,toschi,One of the nicest racing games I played so far. The maps are great and you feel the dust and mud between the teeth. The crowd is looking not very detailed but that's ok. In would be a nice addition to have drive to a village in Greece (whit chalked houses with blue roofs and maybe fisher boats near a beach). The cars are great!
76561197961372203,Recommended,310560,16228673,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ElMuumi,First good rally sim since Richard Burns Rally. If you liked RBR you are going to like this.
,Recommended,310560,16232196,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Matthew E Cornish,So while at this stage wheel support feels a little loose this is otherwise shaping up to be an awesome rally game treading lightly on the line between simulation and arcade game... which isn't altogether a bad thing! Really enjoying it so give it a go :D
76561198015538394,Recommended,310560,16233213,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Intervention,Quite a challenge.
76561197975989943,Recommended,310560,16250111,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Nikola,"Regotiona, Kakashka,  Kalashnikov   Blyaat !"
76561198032123047,Recommended,310560,16250341,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Badsell,"Really enjoying this game with a G27 wheel setup. If you played the other dirt games but wished for a more of a competitive Rally feel, this is one is well worth the price.9/10"
76561198037416581,Recommended,310560,15968228,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Cpl Dwayne Hicks.,"You do not need to say any more than just brilliant, thank you codes."
76561197985566577,Recommended,310560,15985693,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,TheDonnieLama,"Wheel & FFB Settings are tough to get straight, BUT this game is AWESOME and will only be getting better!!!  10+!!!"
,Recommended,310560,15985801,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,pussyzinho 30fps,Amazing Game!
,Recommended,310560,15798043,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Fizz91,"This is we what all have been waiting for!  No BS, Rally game.  The length of each race is spot on, not too long and not too short. Hopefully we get to have more diverse options of vehicles in the future. I can only see great things this game can achieve.  10/10!!"
,Recommended,310560,15801210,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,sludgee,"I'm really enjoying the Gameplay, old skool unforgiving and unadjustable rally at its best.....punished for mistakes, i wish all games still had difficulty and a learning curve, really recommendThank you codemasters"
76561197999072669,Recommended,310560,15803571,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,parandroid,"Reminds me of the Colin McRae Rally days, definitely the move in the right direction no more gymkhana ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This is hardcore wrc.It would have been ten times nicer if I you could start with the proper WRC cars of today rather than forcefully ride through nostalgia."
76561198194573074,Recommended,310560,15655444,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,cardjakz,keep getting executable error. the game won't open. very frustrated
,Recommended,310560,15673980,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,jikonZ♠ [♥Chypso],Its still early access but already great. Its very difficult but therefore challenging. Sounds are realistic and just great. Feels really good to drive and I enjoy it every time :)
,Recommended,310560,15674121,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Ellleventy ellleven,"I purchased this game on a hunch, that this would be one of the best racing games of the year. I have previosly played dirt 3, but not on a racing wheel I was using a ps3 remote. This game has it similaritys and differences to dirt 3, but as I was playing it I couldnt help but fell like I was playing dirt 3. The driving physics are amazing although it does take some getting used to. I use a g27 racing wheel, and the support for it is great, it autonaticaly picked it up, and I only had to make some minor changes in the g27 driver. In all the game is a great, and for anyone who likes rally racing, or racing in general, this is a definite buy."
,Recommended,310560,15676473,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,skew,"it's just a fun, challenging game. some bugs, but not plentiful or disruptive enough to harm the experience and overall impression of the game. my only complaint is that it features only three locations, but i expect more will be added throughout the year"
,Recommended,310560,15676500,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,LyonZ,"Just when I was dreaming about a new ""DiRT' game with updated graphics, sound and gameplay, I come across this masterpiece, thinking that it's too good to be true."
76561198012791874,Recommended,310560,15676862,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Sekiguchi,"A very enjoyable racing game. Despite its realism, you can play perfectly fine with a gamepad.The best thing about this game is how it immersive it is, you really feel like you're driving a rally car."
76561198009449020,Recommended,310560,15677134,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,KadreVex,Saw an earlier Review call it the Dark Souls of the racing genre.... Couldn't agree more! Im using an xbox controller and going fast is HARD. You will be meeting many ditches and hugging many trees! Once you get the hang of it then its a very rewarding game. Going flat out in a section and nailing every corner is Glorious.10/10
76561197979391360,Recommended,310560,15677151,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,burnt,"Long stages with plenty of ""clench"" moments. Fun to drive. Co-driver notes are excellent... and you can hear when he gets a bit rattled! Graphics are quite good. Eager to see this one polished up to a final release!"
,Recommended,310560,15677652,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,nachi,Actually the best rally sim.
,Recommended,310560,15677745,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Forceful Unicorn,"Finally, a difficult- yet rewarding- rally game. 10/10 would yell ""♥♥♥♥"" for falling off the road at the end of the stage again."
,Recommended,310560,15677986,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,waynedude,"DiRT Rally is one of the most frustratingly awesome racing ""sims"" I've ever played. I don't like the word ""simulation"" very much but Codemaster's has done a great job bridging the gap between cheesy arcade racing and hardcore realism. I've been playing around 8 hours so far, just adjusting to the learning curves between Front-Wheel Drive and Rear-Wheel Drive (which are massively different). I enjoyed flying around corners at 90 mph in DiRT and GRID just as much as anyone else, but this game has taken it a step further. The stages are incredibly long and narrow (sometimes so narrow you've got to do a 4-point turn just to get turned back around) and the handling is on point - frustratingly on point. There is no forgiveness nor remorse for mistakes. If you enter a curve a little two fast, you're most likely sliding into a rock face or off a cliff. If you hang a little too far on the edge of the road, you might hit a small bump that will send you bouncing right into a tree. If you jump the starting line a little early, you can enjoy a nice +10 seconds penalty for the rest of the stage. I must also mention that restarting a stage also penalizes your end pay out.None of these things are negative in my opinion. I turn off all of the assists so that I can get the most difficult learning curve. This has taught me to think about the consequences of not paying enough attention to my co-driver and think about how the wheels connect with the ground.Honestly, Codemasters did an exceptional job on this title (and its still in early access!!) Can't wait to see what the updates bring!10/10 would drive 3 miles with no front left tire again."
,Recommended,310560,15603940,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ohmygosh312,updatedloving this game any problems have be quickly fixed. cant wait for it to be complete!still would like more realistic damage at least available for a lifelike experience but great game!
76561198038207142,Recommended,310560,15678889,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,sumofallbeersxx,Dirt Rally is extremely challenging and fun. If you have a wheel i would definitely recommend downloading this game. Can't wait to see what the finished product is like.
,Recommended,310560,15744098,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ruddiger,♥♥♥♥ing brilliant.No more Ken Block making me do handbreak turns in McDonalds car park or telling me how rad everything is.Driving is good to.
,Recommended,310560,15744749,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,George,"DO NOT BUY WITHOUT A WHEEL AND PEDALS!Okay so this game is great, the physics are amazing and im excited to see what they do with it for full release. I made the mistake of trying this with keyboard and mouse, but the only way to finish a lap without having to reset is with a wheel. Great game!"
,Recommended,310560,15745216,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,DubDub,Great game. It is a challenge and the best rally game yet. No Doubt.
,Recommended,310560,15746722,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Agent Johnson,worth it :)back to the rootsa bit more rally than colin mcrae rally
76561198017154364,Recommended,310560,18159570,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Anhjo,Bought a G27 just for this game!
76561198124335167,Recommended,310560,18150349,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Grant,"is pretty simple really...Best racing/rally game around, and for this to still be early access is incredable.Can't even begin to say how good this is. Just buy it.Don't let your dreams be dreams, Just do it!"
,Recommended,310560,15612955,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Ronald Raygun,"It's good. It's damn good. It's the only early access game I'll ever recommend that's still in early access.The cars handle exactly like you'd expect them to in real life; that is to say, you probably don't know what you're doing. The handling is much more realistic than previous DiRT titles. It takes some time to get used to, but overall it amounts to a much more rewarding experience. Further, Rally discourages the ""anything lower than 1st is a failure"" mentality, in part because finishing a stage at all in your first 30 minutes of playtime is quite some victory, even if you did land in 6th. Rally even penalizes you (to an extent) for restarting too much by giving you a set bonus for not restarting a race and subtracting a certain amount from it each time you do. It's a refreshing change of pace from the energy drinks and fireworks of previous DiRT games.Also, you now have to manage repairs to your car between stages in multi-stage events. This is accomplished by a simple system that allows you to allocate a certain amount of time to repair each system (engine, radiator, suspension, wheels, etc.) for an overall 30 minutes between stages. This means that if you smack head-on into a tree at 50 miles an hour and crack your radiator, you'll have to spend more time fixing that and may not necessarily get time to fix that bent rim that's causing you to pull left a bit.Finally, there's now also crew management. You start off with a crew chief that levels up over time. As he levels up he can earn certain perks, but I haven't yet played enough to know how well the system is implemented. You can also hire up to 4 more engineers who each specialize in different areas (you can see this before you hire them). They have a contract system (pay x amount of credits for y amount of stages) that seems simplistic but perfectly functional for the intended purpose.tl;dr This is waaaaayyy more sim-like than previous DiRT games. It plays more like the old CMR games or DiRT 1. And yes, it is good."
76561198090634973,Recommended,310560,15614772,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,boubou30,EXCELLENT.UN RETOUR AUX SOURCES..JE CONSEILLE
,Recommended,310560,15614783,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Mental Paradox,"Very impressive so far!I really doubted Codemasters could still do it, or even wanted to - but this game plays like a love letter to the old Colin McRae games, and is even way more realistic than those games! Love the handling, the way the tracks look (rough, rocky, dusty), no kiddie ""rewind"" and heavy damage model. Wooot! Thanks Codemasters!"
76561198036706678,Recommended,310560,15615191,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Padister,This game is awesome! Very realistic and is extremely fun with a steering wheel.
,Recommended,310560,15615530,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Cymbaline,"Amazing game! It has absolutely great visuals and damage physics. It is by far the best DiRT game to date. Just a pure rally sim. It is a game that makes you want to get better at racing games. Even when you are driving horrible, and rolling down hills, it is an immense pleasure. I cannot wait until the full game releases. Do yourself a favor and buy this game and get a wheel while you're at it, it's just not the same on a game pad."
76561197976165725,Recommended,310560,15611881,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Espen,"Thoughts on EA so far:Pros:Driving cars feel great. Not as ""arcady"" as the last few games.Aesthetics are great as well. It some what reminds me of DayZ's gritty feel.No more annoying ""bro"" crap.Game runs really well, but surprisingly stable fps and fairly short loading times.Cars and gravel sound very good.Meh:While the aesthetics are great, the graphics are kind of meh. By no means bad, but nothing to brag about.Cons:Some maps looks considerably worse than others (especially in terms of textures and lighting)."
76561198141331248,Recommended,310560,15615597,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,BIRTY94,Awesome Game! back to its routes!
76561197983397538,Recommended,310560,15615727,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,David Hasselboost,Awesome game. Let's hope it keeps its focus on simulation and not on arcade gaming! :-)
76561197987022858,Recommended,310560,15615742,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,SliMShadY112,"This is my first time writing a review for a game. So...I just recently heard about this game and after seeing all of these positive reviews I said to myself I've got to have this game. And so I got it. And not a penny went to waste. Honestly, this game is so good. I have a steering wheel though, a Logitech Formula Force RX to be precise and while it's a pretty old steering wheel I had absolutely no issues setting it up. The game did everything for me. Now, while I believe this game is good to drive on the keyboard also, I truly prefer a steering wheel. It adds up to the immersion. If you're having doubts about getting this game, don't. You will love it."
,Recommended,310560,15615753,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Sheshka,"Wow!As someone who really enjoyed Colin Mcrae Rally, whilst I've liked the Dirt series, it's been a steady departure from what I really wanted to play, featuring less and less actually rally.  This game has taken me completely by surprise.I'm really happy that Codemasters have taken this direction with it, I can only hope that they carry on this way!The loose and wet surfaces feel just like that,  at the moment, I think the way the cars handle on tarmac betrays the fact it's in the same engine as other Dirt/Grid games, as the cars end up feeling a bit light.  I'd like to see what could change there, but given that it's been nearly a decade since there's been a rally game I've really liked, I can let that slide."
76561198083148853,Recommended,310560,15615926,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,turbodseat,"This is exactly the game I've been waiting for since the last of the CMR series (pre-DiRT). Even as an early access game I feel this is just about spot on, but obviously needs tweaks here and there.Minor compaints, if you crash and become stationary and using manual gear change, its slow to go down each gear rather than being able to quickly shift down to 1st from 4th for example (using an Xbox One controller).Other than that I'm excited to see how this game will evolve."
76561198128154941,Recommended,310560,15616117,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,irontroll666,This is an amazing game proper rally simulator not for the faint of heart though im used to racing simulators like the gt series and others but its only when playing dirt rally it shows that gt6 and forza are effectivly arcade games in the handling the engines and the looks and sound and everything so if your looking for a real rally sim or a good challenge look no further.
76561198011606711,Recommended,310560,15616286,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Hired Goon,"The best dirt in years.As an american I love REAL wrc,I loved RC2000 and Rbr and now add this to the listcannot wait for the new stages!"
76561197986673094,Recommended,310560,15616308,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Spookymonster2d,best rally game since RbR. tuely authentic. and made my jaw drop. :D wow
76561197982758913,Recommended,310560,15616459,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,HOOTSMAN,"This is a seriously brilliant game,i dont normally write reviews but this game impresses in so many ways,the immersion felt particularly in the cockpit view {which i recommend using by the way} is amazing,the graphics are gorgeous and its just pure rally,so much potential here,if you're a rallly fan it is a no brainer,but be warned,this isnt like the usual dirt games,this is a sim period,if you give it a chance though and be prepared to crash into various track side objects a lot in the beginning you will be rewarded with one of the best driving experiences in a long time in my opinion,thanks for doing this codemasters. keep up the good work."
76561198054786055,Recommended,310560,15616575,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,woody005005,"Graphics and sound  is great ,but i cant find good settings to play this game on the wheel trustmaster t100"
76561198151992073,Recommended,310560,15616656,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Pajakus,breathtaking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197998532754,Recommended,310560,15616933,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,cariboo,This game is so freaking immersive.The tracks are stunning and the driving feels right.It's the best car game i've played... as close as it gets to the real thing.
76561198058587917,Recommended,310560,20122405,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TheBeardOfAlbion,"My favourite entry in the DiRT series so far. It takes me back to the days of Rally Championship, V-Rally, Colin McRae rally, etc on the PS1, with better physics and graphics of course, but still the same type of gameplay and functionality that made those games fun. I have only put 6.6 hours into the game as I write this, but I think that I can safely say that I definitely recommend this.The only reason for me not to recommend playing this, is if you're under the influence of alcohol. It never ends well. Trust me."
76561198002779741,Recommended,310560,16753136,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,AlexV,Best rally game so far. I even bought myself G27 and Playseat to play it - game feels pretty close to what I have with my own car :)
76561198199032995,Recommended,310560,20110189,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,voske65,"This game looks ok, but its terrible with wheel support.it resets all key bindinges at startup, annoyingDriver ereience is very realistic though."
,Recommended,310560,15984390,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,BrianCOfficial,"Nice rally game , it reminds me off the old skool days ;)10/10"
,Recommended,310560,20214300,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Shup-p,Terrifying and exciting!
,Recommended,310560,20243728,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MAc,"Buttcheek clinch simulator 201610/10In all seriousness, this game is great.  Without a wheel it can be tricky - but if you don't have one, do not let it stop you from getting this game.  Once you set your fastest lap time you cannot help but trying to beat it right after.  So much fun."
,Recommended,310560,20246085,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Santana,"Codemasters did right on this title. After the Grid series going all arcade (and the Dirt series semi-arcade), they went back and lauched Dirt Rally. It is the pinnacle of rally simulation and, as I wrote in an earlier review that I wrote, I just wish it had better scenario interaction (break thin trees, displace/break rocks, etc).A+ title!"
76561197999289953,Recommended,310560,20284715,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Wiz601,The Real Thing
76561197964411302,Recommended,310560,20501958,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Stabby,"Drove 60's and 70's cars for days. Got a considerable amount of money, bought near-modern rally-car, stomped the gas in Greece as I normally would in much less powerful cars, yelled ""JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL"".10/10 wud take jesus 4 roadtrip in greece again"
76561197971159502,Recommended,310560,20517329,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,bopjr,This is the best driving game that has ever been made for less than 75 dollars new.  If you love to drive a car then get a wheel and a good graphics card and you cannot be disappointed.  The immersion is second to none and I am on a small 22 inch monitor. The force feedback is excellant and the visuals cannot be beaten. 10 out of 10. Buy this for sure. Buy Assetto Corsa next. Wow. What an excellant time behind the wheel without dying.  I would pay the same price one pays for the game without discounts for 4 more new locations with equal amounts of stages that exist for current installed stages.  Replay value is thru the roof.  The better you learn the tracks the more fun you will have. What a rush!!!
,Recommended,310560,20527651,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,The Padmiester,"Great game. One of the best rally games in years. Great graphics, good handling and a good mixture of content. But when are we getting more content. 6 rallies is not enough and for a fully licensed World Rallycross game there's very few rallycross tracks. The hillclimb mode hasn't been fully exploited either.I bought this as a pre-release. Please release some more content and please don't make it all DLC to buy."
76561198015680933,Recommended,310560,20522118,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,SteelRain,I am so glad codemasters have gone back to making amazing rally games. Takes me back. Really good game. It is not easy tho. Game is hard to master.I hope for more routes to drive in the future.
,Recommended,310560,20527190,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Carl,One word....Great!
,Recommended,310560,20475830,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Scrappydew,10/10 This game will rock your socks. (G27 Required :P)
,Recommended,310560,20426837,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,sunToxx,One of the most challenging racing games i am aware of.
76561198031417016,Recommended,310560,16953875,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Empan,"Best rally game since McRae 05^^ truly beautiful and great fun with a controller. Can't wait till my wheel arrives!!!¤My wheel is here, oooh lord what a game!!!"
,Recommended,310560,20488014,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,YoRHa Type-YUMOJeter,"When I bought Dirt 3 and have some play through I thought  ""Man this game is so FUN!!!""And then I just take a look at steam I found out this.DiRT Rally.""COOL!! This one has a better graphic!! More immersive! hell yeah!""Play for, like, 20 minutes.I just...realized...Such a lust of...controller...my pain...of thumb...THIS IS ♥♥♥♥ING DiRT Dark Soul. 666/10"
76561198040505765,Recommended,310560,20492784,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Oweeeeeen!,Minted game for rally lovers!
76561198043485254,Recommended,310560,17722460,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Dr...MAD,"has since the days I was the Home screen and it automatically puts me on the desk, I raise and I am the same. So has since the days I can no longer play. not happy ! not happy ! not happy ! ^^my setup is my pc: Alienware laptop 18 inches, 16GB of RAM, 4X I7 3.5GHz, 860M graphics card SLI Nvidia GForce 2X2Go.Thank you in advance for future correction."
,Recommended,310560,17598695,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,BakerKC,"Gameplay -- Fantastic: Realistic physics, a variety of surfaces (version 0.6), and 3 fun-in-their-own-right race types with expansions of tracks coming soon.Story -- Alright: Linear progression with occasional upgrades, get to keep up with mechanics, online events for extra money are fun as well.Graphics -- Great: Just upgraded from 1 GB to 3.5; maxed out settings are stunning.  There are rich texturess, and as long as you're going fast enough, the rendering of the crowd isn't terrible.Controls -- Fantastic: Supports FFB but not rev indicators (G27) [still haven't noticed a change, I could be blind].  Very bumpy handling at first, but really gives the genuine rally feel and soon you can be able to use these bumps to your advantage.Overall: 8.5/10I'm really looking for at least one more race mode along with some more tracks overall.  The story line could be made a bit more interactive (with a schedule of events, rather than just on to the next one, i.e. pick and choose realizing that skipping an event can negatively effect you.)  A feature that I think would be interesting is if the co-driver could sometimes screw up a call, with the option to disable it, of course.  These things would add a more dynamic experience to an already stellar game."
,Recommended,310560,20559743,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Redmist,"DiRT Rally ended 2015 with a bang for driving fans with a highly polished and fun rally sim.  The physics are up there with some of the best ever seen in a rally game which is a refreshing change for Codemasters who have sometimes allowed accessibility to erode realism and longevity.The graphics are cutting edge but run liquid smooth on decent hardware.  There's no stutters or jitter that have plagued other recent sims like Project CARS or even the mighty Assetto Corsa.  This smoothness and the excellent camera angles make watching replays and admiring your drifts/powerslides/scandinavian flicks very satisfying in a way that reminds me of Richard Burns Rally.  The rain, water and night-time headlight effects are the best ever seen in a rally game and add a tremendous amount of immersion.The cockpit graphics are extremely good and it's great seeing the co-driver reading the notes (which are also good for the most part and rarely too early/late like many other rally games)The sounds are beautifully made as well and although they may not sound fully realistic to the actual cars sometimes, they are always satisfying and meaty.PC Gamer claims that it's ""not a sim"" but I'd take issue with that.  I'm a sim snob and am normally quick to dismiss other games as not being simulations but DiRT Rally ticks most of the important boxes that sim racers look for.  The suspension, weight transfer and tyre grip modelling are excellent and that's more than can be said for some simulations.This is another one of those games that prove that often realistic games are more fun than ""fun"" games.Highly recommended - no need to wait until it's on sale."
76561197985263776,Recommended,310560,20480740,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,IICE,Not the greatest sim like forza but awesome game play and if you card can run it on ultra settings looks fantastic
76561198044435395,Recommended,310560,20097582,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Flyingace678,"Don't cut.Seriously, don't cut."
76561198048690467,Recommended,310560,18451402,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,SnowHazard,"Amazing. Just amazing. Works great with both wheels I own, I highly recomend buying one, it makes the game even MORE enjoyable."
76561198171868717,Recommended,310560,20655918,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Manfred Albrecht Von Richtofen,Richard Burns would be proud.
,Recommended,310560,20642689,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,alexcheung,buy wheel if you want to play this game well and comfortable with 3mons
,Recommended,310560,19575379,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Razor,It is good spin-off with a title Rally and the best rally game I've ever played.10/10 - Don't cut!
,Recommended,310560,19547810,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,agricusc,this has  become the most hour played game in my steam library by a big margin
76561198010364912,Recommended,310560,19037048,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,WeetZzeerR,really good and fun game :)
,Recommended,310560,19038069,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,dmadey,The best rally game I've ever played by a country mile!! Best thing is content gets added to the game for free!!
76561198092061038,Recommended,310560,19066112,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Mobius One,"The search for a successor to Richard Burns Rally has ended here.  This sim is addicting, beautiful, and immersive.Those of you who get your fix with RBR (and the numerous mods) will find that the cars in DR seem to handle relatively more sluggishly.  However, the cars seem to have a more dynamic weight to them and once you've properly dialed in the FF settings on your wheel you'll be able to sense the weight transfer even more effectively than in RBR.  With time, you'll grow to prefer DR's more substantial feeling handling to RBR's otherwise more twitchy handling.  Of course, the variety in DR means that you can find a car that suits your driving style (e.g. Lancia Stratos if you like twitchy, responsive cars or Audi Quattro for more hamfisted powersliding).  In some respects the game is even less forgiving than RBR though the handling has a less steep learning curve not because it is less realistic but because it seems to simulate real cars better.  This makes sense though seeing as a majority of the cars in the game are vintage and are closer to regular cars' characteristics (5 sp manual, slower steering ratios, etc)Only gripes would be peculiar gearbox behavior in which you must be overly precise with your shifts/  This can be mitigated through changing the clutch saturation and my G27 setup works excellently with the game.  While at first FFB felt a bit numb and sluggish compared to RBR, I came to adjust to the more ""weighty"" feel of the steering and feeling DR's dynamic surfaces through the wheel is an engaging sensation.  I recommend turning down the weight/friction of the wheel in order to increase responsiveness while keeping all the other FFB settings relatively higher."
,Recommended,310560,19062886,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,The Chocolate Guy,10/10group b rwd+snow+ice+narrow roads= one hell of a time. Best rally game i have played in a long time. Needs AI on the rally stages as well. Then it would be 11/10.One flaw ive seen so far is damage. I gently slide into a snow bank backwards and my windshield breaks? it doesnt make sense. Yes it possible for it to happen but i dont see why it is.
,Recommended,310560,19063298,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,SiscoBossco,"Fantastic, if you like rally racing games you will not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,310560,15690355,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,philFlame,"Codemasters is back in the game - the 'realistic rally sports racing' type of game. This baby plays like a no frills, solid racing sim, worthy of a 'Colin McRae' in its title."
,Recommended,310560,15634199,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,BuG Lampuhkap,"Very nice rally game. Takes quite a bit of effort to keep the cars in line :D Cars feel and sound great! Graphics are very good, but could use some improvement over time in some areas.Controls are very nicely done, only thing i want to see is some better explanation about certain buttons on screen.I hope to see a bit more cars and stages in the future, but so far, absolute must try.Very, very addictive :D"
76561198136842718,Recommended,310560,15691656,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Chili Duck,"This is a review of the ""Early Access"" version.Pros:1) A limited choice of cars, but they all happen to be my favorites!2) Cockpit view is detailed, sound effects are realistic.3) Ability to turn HUD completely off. (mixed with cockpit view == heaven)4) Immersive stages, narrow & twisty.5) If you crash, you retire the event.  This keeps me on my toes!6) Perks, upgrades & team management make it feasible to keep racing the same car throughout career.  This is especially cool because I love racing the classics.7) There's no rush or pressure to grind for money for the cars in the next tier.  You can just have fun with whatever favorite car you already have.Cons:A few minor issues with features and graphics (if these issues exist in the final release I'd be upset, but they are excusable in an Early Release version, and the devs seem to be active & patching things presently)Only 3 locations available so far in Early Release version, I'm getting a little too familiar with the stages already."
,Recommended,310560,15692428,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,UKCB.Dotarino,"Even for an Early Release this game is worth picking up.Don't expect this to be a Need for Speed arcade drift racer. This is more of a calculated, precision, practice based racing game.It really feels like barebones rally racing, with enough (optional) visual aids and camera angles to make it enjoyable.The voicework is spot on, and the courses are each unique and interesting.The car selection is already pretty good, and I have hopes that there will be more that aren't DLC.Graphics are gorgeous as well."
,Recommended,310560,15692548,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,stjanilofts,Been waiting for a game like this since Colin McRae Rally 2.0
76561197976578475,Recommended,310560,15693034,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Battleburp,"""When you first accelerate on the gravels of Wales and Greece, you could be forgiven for thinking a dog had gotten loose in the cockpit,and in some poor deluded effort to escape was frantically pawing at the wheel, as the car squirms like a crack-addled worm"".https://toomanywordsaboutvideogames.wordpress.com/"
,Recommended,310560,15694121,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,worwrk,It's ♥♥♥♥ing hard but I can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,310560,15694167,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Full metall gook,Not arcade anymore.
,Recommended,310560,15694242,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Bucket of Guts Rodriguez,"Personally haven't played any of this game yet (currently waiting for my wheel to come in). But, my hopes are extremely high, thanks to everyone else giving this game amazing reviews. And I am posting this comment purely with a suggestion, not a complaint, not a criticism. In fact, if this feature is never added, I probably won't care in the long run, BUT, with this game being in early access, I know you Codies are peeking in on these reviews, so I have to post it and if you see it and think it's a good idea, then yay.Wait for it...custom liveries. And I'm not talking about the GRiD, ""Give me a dozen patterns and change 3 base colors"" custom liveries (though this could still be available). But real custom liveries. My thinking is this DiRT brings everything back to the ""Sim"" aspect of it, so naturally my mind went towards iRacing, where it's all the rage to create custom liveries. You download layered templates and you go nuts. I feel like this addition would be a game-changing one. Just googling and youtubing ""custom liveries, dirt"" results in mind-numbing and obscure results that the merely casual technical person can't even fathom (i.e., me: I just want to upload a pretty picture on my car and I'm digging around in game files, with file extensions I don't recognize, hoping I don't break my game!). If this kind of feature was front and center, rather than a mod (sorry modders) the creativity could be endless. From people who can't manage anything more than MS Paint, to people who spend 5 hours pefecting their look in Photoshop. Players' liveries could even be featured on the DiRT Facebook page with ""Livery of the week"" or something, cause being social is obviously hip, cool and where it's at...Right, my fellow kids? *Steve Buscemi grin*Now I know there are other priorities at the moment, like...y'know...making the game work and all. So this is obviously not at the top on the 'things to do' list. But just putting it out there."
76561198028280763,Recommended,310560,15617366,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Dentendo,"Dirt rally...   Real rally racing is back.with a g27, the force feed back is about 1/2 missing when compaired to dirt 3.Finally no more gymkhana.should be a good game"
,Recommended,310560,15694680,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,doctharock,"For early access, this game is fantastic. Not sure how specific the realism is as I have never driven a rally car, but dang if this game isn't a blast. This is 100 times better than Dirt 3. I was hesitant to buy this game, but I am glad I did. This should provide many hours of fun, and a nice break from regular racing sims.9/10."
76561198043270652,Recommended,310560,15694722,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,TwilightSparkle,"Besides the steep difficulty curve at the beginning, this game is a return to the classic rally racing games that Codemasters first cut its teeth on. It reminds me most of all of the original dirt, and that was one of my favorite racing games"
,Recommended,310560,15695035,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Eric,Seeing Impreza goes back to the British logging camp in this next-gen rally game is quite touching and comforting.
76561198090423767,Recommended,310560,15718988,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Kebab removal unit,I feel like I have been waiting for this for years without even knowing it. Bloody brilliant racing sim.
76561198002867581,Recommended,310560,15719034,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Thisispants,Rally gaming is back! Well done Codemasters for listening to the rally fans. If you are a rally fan (especially the old school) you will love it! No more AWESOME voiceovers from someone pretending to be your BUDDY!
,Recommended,310560,15720119,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,googleiscoul,Best rally game ever!!! Never regret buying this game if you are a true rally fan!
76561198025751220,Recommended,310560,15720713,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Blankcache,Quick Early Access recommend:Codemasters did an awsome job on this game.If you are a fan of RBR then you should take a good look at this one. I think they are heading in a good direction here.The stages are long and detailed. Damage effects the handling of the cars. The visuals are amazing.The bigest thing that impressed me is the way the cars handle . If you fly 120mph into a turn which is covered in mud don't think your going to slow down till you hit a tree. It's very unforgiving. And yes your car gets sucked into the drainage ditches along side the road.I'd give this a 9/10 for an early access build with an eagerly awaiting 100/10 after release !!!Buy it and drive like you stole it :)
,Recommended,310560,15721685,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Retired_Ninja,Very Realistic! Enjoyable. Highly Recommend!
76561198116868854,Recommended,310560,15723924,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ango,"Authentic rally game, finally"
76561197995275393,Recommended,310560,15725890,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,captain cab,"This is the most finished early access game I have ever played.  It works great with my Xbox 360 controller.  I did experience any crashes, bug or graphics glitches.  This already my favorite in the dirt series.   I enjoy racing games but I am not a hard core racing sim player.  I found the game challenging, but not impossible.The biggest negative is the  number of tracks and cars are limited, but they promise to add more, and based on the results so far I am sure they can deliver."
,Recommended,310560,15760920,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,ckZA,"Wales, Audi Quarto - feathering through a long corner and it just goes and goes and goes.  I'm still 3 seconds down on the times but I don't care because I will be coming here more often... I will be playing this for a looooong time.The sound, the graphics and the driving. Wow.Well done Codies. You have in one single swoop redeemed yourself.Thank you for the massive surprise out of nowhere and good luck with future development on this bombshell."
76561197960353850,Recommended,310560,15588481,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Plotzer,Thank you Codemasters! Thats the way to go!!! Work hard and this will be a great game...
76561197970314536,Recommended,310560,15588659,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,vj,"It is best of the rally game after long time, after Richard Burns Rally. It is not early access, it is the complete game! I don´t understand Codemasters, why experimented with earlier parts of Dirt? Why we were waiting too long on the good rally game? It is great time, it is best step for this developer. Great news for rally fans.Perhaps even manage to finish everything that belongs to rally..."
,Recommended,310560,15589467,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Truther,DiRT Rally has great potential if the devs dont give up after cashing in on early access. That said iv played and been a fan of the Dirt series. They seem to be stepping back a bit from the arcady feel of Dirt 3 and focusing more on sim factors witch I love.
76561197967283240,Recommended,310560,16744823,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,G.O.A.T,"Absolutely fantastic, best rally game since Richard Burns."
76561198000397933,Recommended,310560,16746690,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,fruitfucker,"Greatest rally sim I have ever played (have a Thrustmaster T300). Feels like Assetto Corsa for rallying; I am tempted to say even better.If you like rallying and simulations definitely buy this game, especially now it is cheaper as it is Early Access."
76561197975207750,Recommended,310560,16749657,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Krzychu,"FANTASTIC GAME SO FAR, I MEAN GRAPHICS ARE GREAT, DRIVES GREAT !!! WILL WRITE MORE WHEN I'M SOBER :)"
,Recommended,310560,16750170,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Immune_Jam,"Alright, I'm old.  To give an idea, I used to soft reset my Commodore 64 using the ground strap of the cassette drive across two of the expansion port pins.But I have experience.....and this game has the potential to be a classic!  I haven't been too excited about the mass-market games, prefering to wade in the playabilty of the indie pool, but I do love the rally game genre and this could stand with the greats with continuing care and attention.Not a huge amount of content being early release, but what's there is visually exceptional and there are some great classic cars...oh the Stratos!A game I will be upgrading my PC for...."
76561198024484419,Recommended,310560,16752237,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Madruben,"Best Rally sim in years!!!Even in Early Access is awesome!!!Superb graphics, phisics, replayability, sounds, etcFinally we can forget the nightmare of Milestone♥♥♥♥♥♥games as the closer real rally sim only option available during past years."
,Recommended,310560,16618815,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Swivel Chair Racer,"This game has me hooked, which is strange, because I can't really remeber the last time a game made me rage out this much. It's really hard. I've been through the stages a few hundred times, and only won a precious few. But every time I throw myself out onto the slippery goat-trails, I get a little bit better. And every time I manage to carry a downright hazardous rate of speed though a series of heaving turns...well that's something special.Some thoughts:- While your race time decides your place, the only real opponent is the road. And it will destroy you if you don't respect it.- Hillclimb vehicles aren't for mere mortals. Until you- When you finally make it to the top of Pikes Peak, go to YouTube and look up Ari Vatanen and Sébastien Loeb. They're amazing.- I can't confirm this, but I think you'll need a manual transmission to squeeze the most out of the cars, especially while drifting.- This game may be in early access, but the polish is good. All you're missing out on (for now) is the final content.- Don't cut."
76561197964180546,Recommended,310560,16623334,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Don Titor,"After the FFB patch, RBR level driving is here!If you know what RBR is and why it is great, you need to buy DiRT Rally!This game is shaping up to be THEE new gold standard."
76561198018989579,Recommended,310560,16629699,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ghosthowl,"Miss the good old days of good, fun rally games? Then get this.Pros:-*- The feel of the cars are great. You can change car settings to fit your driving style and surface of the stage. (can save 10 presets)-*- Sounds are great. Whats that you hear during races? Just the car and noise from the surface. No stupid music.-*- No silly gymkhana modes!-*- Lots of varity when it comes to stages and cars, from 1960s till today. And yes, the crazy, monsterous pikes peak cars are in there.-*- Co-driver is great. If he says dont cut, you better not cut. Are you able to blindly follow the leads through turns you cant see? Then you shave of precious seconds.-*- You dont instantly win every race. You actually need to practice.-*- Various liveries on each carCons:-*- So far its not many cars for each era (for example, only a lancia and a mini from the 60s.-*- Could have better, easier to use menus"
,Recommended,310560,16683017,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ItsmeRyan,"Only played it for a couple of hours but already enjoying it so much!- Absolutely punishing at the start, any small mistake and you're off the course!- Once you start to learn how the car drives, learn how to take the corners your times improve vastly- Grab it while the price is low in early access, looking forward to the full release and new content!"
,Recommended,310560,16607396,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,The Prussian,"This is the racing game the world needed. Almost like a spiritual successor to Richard Burns Rally.Unlike the original Dirt games this is a full rally simulator so it's difficult and punishing compared to the first 3 sim-cade Dirt games. However, there are a number of assists you can turn on in the settings. The best advice I can give when starting out is take it easy, focus on staying on the road, and listen to your co-driver's pacenotes. It feels good when you start taking corners progressively faster.The amount of content is decent for the price  and for early access. For now we have Monte Carlo, Greece, and Wales along with Pike's Peak International Hillclimb both paved and unpaved but more are on the way. There's already a really good amount of cars, including Group B.This is early access so more content is on the way. As I've said this isn't like the other dirt games and this is a simulator so be ready for a relatively steep difficulty curve."
,Recommended,310560,16685026,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Wacko_Jacko10,From a fan of dirt since it was called 'Colin McRae Rally' this is hands down the best Dirt game out there and its only in early access
76561198194193113,Recommended,310560,16692728,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,nithind.12,Great Rallying game. Very challenging with a controller but very much playable:)
,Recommended,310560,16693166,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ignite.,"Never have been into rally games (apart from a few years ago on PS2) so I havent got anything to compare it to, but it must be said that this game is a ton of fun. Cannot wait to see what they add to the game later on :DDD"
,Recommended,310560,16694296,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SYND LUL,"Probably the best Rally sim (The only rally sim?) but the game still early access so the game still have many flaws. the first thing i see that makes me sad is that random dust comes from the upper body of the car. i mean, where the dust come from??, when you see real rally, the dust just comes from the tires. beside that, this game is amazing. 9.5/10+Gameplay+Graphics+Development+Realistic, Long, Extreme tracks-Space issues where you must have more than 7gb in System (C:) or the game wont start-Glitch etc.-Save bug-Error 41-DAT 14 SECONDS PENALTYSomething need to added-More tracks-More cars"
76561198063103642,Recommended,310560,16436467,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,justtanks,I'm more than happy with this game. I'm really looking forward to seeing how this game progresses and improves.
76561198041690552,Recommended,310560,16437623,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,d1d3r,Pure awesomeness!
76561198064122788,Recommended,310560,15659490,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Xariod,"I really like this game but there are some things I think (and I hope) they're gonna add like:- Option to choose tires before the stage- A panel where you can check the damage during the stage- Possibility to create your own liveryalso the ""Left Foot Braking"" isn't very effective (maybe it's me)and a system who ""reads"" your hardware and drivers to optimize the graphics (selecting the best graphics settings for your system) will be awesomeSorry for bad english!"
,Recommended,310560,15647469,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,EpicMega,"--This is what the DiRT series should have been like the whole time in my opinion.---The cars handle very well, but I do agree in some cases that I feel too much grip.-There is actual sliding and loss of grip in some cases, even though the cars can feel a little underpowered sometimes.-Different surfaces means completely different ways that the car actually drives like.-Damage is rather realistic.-You actually win money, in which you can spend on upgrading your crew to repair your car faster if you accidentally make a mistake somewhere and smash into a wall.-The graphics are not all that taxing, as I got a solid average of 70 fps @1080p on high settings with a GTX 760 4 GB.So far, the only bad thing I've had is some FFB issues as it is way too smooth to be on gravel, but it should be fixed soon. To me it doesn't take away much of the game though, as honestly I get enough feedback to be perfectly well off going extremely fast and controlling the car over any surface.All these things make up an early acccess game that is definitely one of the more developed games I've seen for being so new. This is definitely going to go somewhere with this already being so good, no doubt it won't at all. Completely worth every dollar that you spend on this game. I definitely have a feeling Codies might come back with this title, even as surprising as it sounds. I certainly already love this game as of the moment of writing this review, but I only have 1.1 hours logged. I will update this below if I find any issues or have more comments to add.Post Review after more time:So far the game has been definitely better than the other games. Small problems here and there, but they're to be expected in an Early Access game. I've noticed the spotter can sometimes be a bit late when I have the spotter set to short distance, but most of the time he does well. The curbings on the road are definitely annoying as they are like solid rocks that aren't actual dirt at all, so if you hit them then you go flying. Other than that, everything is going in the right direction.7/10:Just because for how early it is and how well it is already doing, I definitely see a bright light of hope from codemasters, so I give it this score. Once they fix the tracks that actually have dirt sides instead of rocks painted like dirt, and the FFB is fixed, I will raise this to a 8.5/10."
76561197976138661,Recommended,310560,15660280,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Frates,Superb. Buy it now.
,Recommended,310560,15660390,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Lewy,This Game... Just wow :) Eveything about it is just amazing. Pls add some porsches?
,Recommended,310560,15660757,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,OddGreen,"I've been playing now, for about 8 hours. Both Championship and custom race, and I must say this game is awesome!Runs smoothly, looks great, feels real good, and SOUNDS.... UHRMAHGUURD!I'm so happy Codemaster came back to the first Mcrae-type era of Rally games. This is gonna be an amazing game in the end. It must be.RECOMMENDED!! \m/"
,Recommended,310560,15661058,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,EnigmaNL,It's only Early Access but it's already very good. Finally a proper rally game on PC!Can't wait until they put in Hill climb!
76561197997322468,Recommended,310560,15661230,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,EVILTORSO,"at last, a rally game worthy of my money. Best rally game yet. nothing else needs said except buy it."
76561197974621773,Recommended,310560,15661368,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,bld - f*ckerpuller,"This has truly the potential, as we do not have a decent *current rally game at all. The looks are fine, the sounds too.I really hope that the game will receive a proper FFB sometime...we did drove enough with canned effects only in the last years. Currently i keep waiting, as the game works better with a controller than with my T300RS."
76561198041472238,Recommended,310560,15663203,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,NoodlesCabanaBoy,Everytime I want to save and exit to the main menus the game freezes everytime.  Other than that the game is awesome.  Highly addictive.
76561198117505777,Recommended,310560,15663231,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,RedShoes,I love this game! Enough said.Only Con : No Mitsubishi Evo
76561198085532664,Recommended,310560,15663421,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,BigL,"loving this game , and getting stuck in the trees non stop in my mini :)"
,Recommended,310560,15664119,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ballzac314,"This is the first game I've played since maybe Crysis that really feels like a game designed for PC gamers.The first thing I noticed in this regard is the astonishing range of graphics settings. Most games these days you can't really tell what graphics setting the game is on unless you compare side by side. Dirt Rally looks like a completely different game on ultra low and ultra high, going from something that looks ten years old to something that looks cutting edge.It seems really well optimised, with the performance scaling well with visual improvement. With AA off, I can get about 30fps on my GTX750 at 1080p with everything on ultra, and can get that up to 60 by turning a few things down. On ultra low (still at 1080p), I get a whopping 230fps on this low end card. I imagine it would run quite comfortably on integrated graphics.Next is the wheel support: Plug and play (for my G25 at least)! It even changes the button prompts to match the button numbers on the G25. Very helpful. No messing about with configuration here. Force feedback feels a little off, but I haven't tried messing with the setting to see if that can be changed.Fairly realistic physics. They clearly know that the PC gaming crowd don't want fully arcadey racing games. This is already the best rally game I'm aware of since RBR, and the potential is there for it to actually be superior; time will tell.Now, people say that the Rift support is pretty mediocre at the moment (I don't own a DK2 to test it out), but if they can sort that out by the consumer launch, I think this will be my go-to racing sim."
,Recommended,310560,15664682,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,mitchwel86,Punctured three tyres on first stage. Took me 20 minutes to complete the stage.10/10 would put my co-driver through that again.
76561197980960534,Recommended,310560,15649987,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Maslack,"The Idea of the game is really good.A hardcore driving and a pure idea of really racing.In  the previous Dirt games it's laked of this features (Bumpy roads, Tunning that means a lot and ofcourse no HUD option)which this game has.But at the moment they need to change  some of the menu desgien and some options aren't making sence.And for some reason ,in my case at least, my Xbox controller turns off sometime when I crash... no Idea why.Bottomline : Great gameplay , Great graphics and  I will play for very long time I believe :)."
,Recommended,310560,15650535,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,airtroper,Real rally game that we are waiting for longtime.
,Recommended,310560,15653903,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Surprise,"Very great game. Ive always loved the dirt series and this is just ice on the cake, It is different to other dirts but its different in a goodway. It has a steep learning curve but it is nice to be challenged by a racing game like that."
76561198076425863,Recommended,310560,15657140,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,capricod,"Played a few round of it and I have to say this reminds me of playing the classic Colin McRae Rally, simple but fun.Honestly, I think Codemasters did a great job this time as they finally got rid of the yellowish tune and that annoying voice.Anyone who is a fan of CMR should get this one, it won't disappoint you."
76561198072489915,Recommended,310560,15703881,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,lambiedfc,"Great game. Finally a rally sim has been released, rather than another arcade game. Very challenging as it should be. Nice one Codemasters."
,Recommended,310560,15704499,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Philosoraptor,DiRT RallyIt's one of the best racing games I have ever played so far.It's hard!and beautiful at the same time. The challenge makes for an amazing experience. Once you figured out how to take that corner while changing the gears to the right position it feels amazing. I'm seriously considering getting a wheel with a gear changer so that I can play this to the fullest. I would love to see this game have compatibility with a VR and then this is PLATINUM.
,Recommended,310560,15706025,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Kukalov,Easily the best rally game I have played in a long time...Beautiful graphics and really well optimized for being in early access and it runs on even crappy rigs (Like mine)The driving is intense and when you crash you really want to make up your time by going faster and taking turns with even more speed than before...And there is a fiat soooooooo....Well done CM
76561197970494739,Recommended,310560,16765504,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,FortyFive,Be warned - this game doesn't seem to work well with mobile NVIDIA GPUs atm.  Will not go full-screen and the input is not responsive - a bit laggy.  Very annoying.http://steamcommunity.com/app/310560/discussions/1/615085406671862426/<--- thread on bug.  No resolved as of  this post.But it looks like it has promise.
76561198204379119,Recommended,310560,16769680,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,digitalfaun,"This is what I imagined the next generation of rally simulations to be like, and it fulfilled on that promise. This is a quality, not quantity game, and I'm thankful for it. This is the new benchmark for rally games."
,Recommended,310560,16770006,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,QS10,"You know it's a great game when the argument with your other half isn't because you've been playing for too long but because you've had more goes then she has and it's her turn now.None of these menus/cars with MONSTER drinks advertised everywhere. No chav soundtrack 2k15. No flashback BS. None of the crap you found in previous DiRT games.This is just pure rally, and it's unforgiving!Colin would be proud of this one!"
,Recommended,310560,18316458,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,hopperLi,best rally game this year
,Recommended,310560,18320958,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MAXMAD,"can only handle the mini cooper s, rest is a spinning feast. 10/10"
76561198085042645,Recommended,310560,18265226,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Ak27poundbanit,Hi will there be an option to save my replays
,Recommended,310560,18271633,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Dean.,"DiRT Rally is not like the previous games in the DiRT series -- as other have mentioned there is no rewind, and no gymkhana. This game is also much more difficult than previous games. In DiRT, DiRT 2 and DiRT: Showdown anyone can easily win on the lower difficulties; in DiRT Rally I am losing some stages by 30 seconds on the easiest difficulty. Why? Because I don't have a good understanding of rally driving yet.Bottomline: I recommend it, but don't expect to win right away if you don't know what you're doing."
76561198058592347,Recommended,310560,18392254,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,eikka696,Best rally simulator/game ever.
,Recommended,310560,18267457,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Jurrien,"This game may be in early access, but it already is worth every penny you put into it. This game brings back some fine memories from a game called 'British Rally Championship' I had back in the day. The graphics of this game are beatiful and the handling of the cars feels very realistic. The sounds are amazing too and even the voice acting is top notch. This may be the best racing game I have ever played."
76561198251362850,Recommended,310560,18229924,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,matt15fan,"I acquired a Gaming PC with ridiculously awesome specs simply to play this game.  I paid $45 for this and all I get is SUPER SLOW framerate when the car rolls up to time control.   I have emails into codemasters in hopes that they will be able to fix this.  So far, Im completely let down.   :(EDIT:  The game now runs fine!  every single other game ran fine but this one...so we did a fresh install on windows 7 ultimate edition..and now...TADAAAHHH!!!!  Im in the trees just like everyone else!"
76561198136535348,Recommended,310560,18266828,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,adam6002,"Great game, amazing dev's, runs reasonably well on my 1.9ghz turbo-3.2ghz amd a10 Laptop ;)"
76561197960420508,Recommended,310560,18266991,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,dew,"Finally, a Rally game with no GYMKANHA or similar ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Solid driving experience and super tough with no assists on. The perfect rally game so far..."
76561198039476923,Recommended,310560,18301101,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Foggy,"Great rally experience, it's most of the way there.   It's very immersive, the graphics and sound are incredible.  After adjusting the FFB settings to 135% for my Logitech G25 it felt fantastic.  If you leave all of the assists off, it will give you a challenge while pushing the car hard.  I used to run RBR a lot and it was my benchmark, nothing else ever felt right with a force feedback wheel.  This game feels different in a way, but it also feels very good.   And comparing them overall, this one is better as a complete package, minus some minor flaws.  My only real complaint is with the interface/menus.  When you are using a steering wheel as your controller, it thinks you want to use it for all of your menu functions as well, and all of the ancillary buttons along the bottom of the menu get assigned to buttons somewhere on your wheel.  This still might not be bad if you knew what ""Button 18"" was assigned to, but it's just annoying.  Why do I have the ability to use the mouse in the menu but not click on those options assigned to buttons on the bottom?  Hoping this gets fixed, no other games I've ever owned have done this (assume you'll use your wheel for everything in the menu) and it's not intuitive.  Anyway, that's a small complaint in an otherwise very polished game."
76561197965423931,Recommended,310560,18275878,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,sebtheking,By far the best rally sim that I have ever tried!
,Recommended,310560,18964978,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,BigPapa,"Very unforgiving and difficult, but very rewarding. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a serious racing game, not how many drift points can you get."
76561198027501174,Recommended,310560,15803689,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,CorpseGroinder,"The first rule of DiRT Rally is:- You do not stay on the throttle at all timesthe second rule of DiRT Rally is:- YOU DO NOT STAY ON THE THROTTLE AT ALL TIMES!after that it's pretty simple:-Listen to your Co-Pilot, he knows what he is saying (at least sometimes).-Do not cut. No seriously, do not cut!-Slower is always better when the outcome of a corner would result in a 30sec recovery penalty because you ran over some rally fans (some of them are just nuts standing outside on the corner exit).-Wipe the sweat off your gamepad after you have endured the hellish ~10minuten long Hillclimb at Pikes Peak with a car that is basically 4 wheels and an overpowered engine with you strapped onto it. Remember as you climb the mountain engine performance will decrease as there is less air around.-Oh yes, to those DiRT veterans out there; no rewind anymore! If you smack against a tree and your wheel flies off (it will fly, trust me) you only got the option to restart the whole stage, isn't that fun?Basically if you enjoy rally games and are willing to learn that its not always flat out you are going to have alot of fun!It looks amazing, the sound is just wow - cracking bangs from the exhaust pipe when shifting gears or the high pitched turbo that lets you know stuff just got serious...Still reading? Go buy it!"
,Recommended,310560,18966245,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Tom,Easily the best racing game I've ever played.
76561197998123156,Recommended,310560,18967027,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Heretic762,This is the best video game I have ever played and it gets better with every update.  It is also the best example of early access done right I have seen thus far.
76561198030802594,Recommended,310560,18977489,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Bacon,"Probably the best rally game ever made, and certainly the best one out there right now. Very challenging, yet not too frustrating. (Rally is supposed to be a bit frustrating at times, or else it wouldn't be any fun, now would it?)The game was great at first, and it keeps getting better every month. Let's hope Codemasters keep the spirits up and don't stop developing this game before it's really finished. At some point they will stop making money from it, and at that point I'm afraid that the project will come to an end. Too bad really, as this is the perfect base game to keep adding and adding stuff to, forever. I would gladly pay for more content after the game is released in its final version!Contentwise it already has plenty of cars, more than enough for most of us, and the tracks and locations keep coming. It could definately use some more locations, but they're coming. It could also use a couple of more game modes, like hotseat multiplayer, a truly customisable championship mode etc., but these are all minor details. And who knows what it will look like when it's finished.Handling is as realistic as it should be, and all cars have a unique feeling to them. All the different road surfaces also feel very different, just like they should. All in all very, very well done to create a great and varied rally experience!Looks good and sounds good as well, which really helps when it comes to enjoying the game. The sounds are generally spot on, and the graphics look more than good enough even on medium settings, which can be run smoothly with a decently priced graphics card,The game is a great reason to buy a force feedback steering wheel, if you don't already have one.The only downside for me is that the game seems to have the same bug as DiRT 3 had, where some setups won't save custom controller mappings. Hopefully this will be sorted out soon.Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,310560,18961365,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Nylon,Dirt Rally is an amazing rally game that will consume your life.
,Recommended,310560,19099774,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Neo-ST,"I've been playing it for the past 2 hours constantly.It's the only rally game to play currently.Not just that, it's an excellent game overall and the best one so far (IMO).Force feedback wheel and pedals are aMUST.Once set up properly, it's the closest thing you'll ever get to rallying.Each car behaves differently and correctly.Each track/stage is different and unique and they affect the car differently.Dips, jumps, water, mud, ice, snow...I had a moment recently where I was driving a Lancia Fulvia (FWD) through Monte Carlo track (asphalt with ice patches).In a long right corner, there was a patch of ice and I literally felt the wheel go loose and car went understeering as it went over it, immediately restoring a grip after passing it.It's a brilliant rally game, if you own a wheel set, don't hesitate."
76561198040960997,Recommended,310560,19100443,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,simracer99,BEST RALLY GAME  EVER THANKS CODIES
,Recommended,310560,19101007,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Skag Lick,"""Absolutely Brilliant!"""
76561197976899010,Recommended,310560,19071027,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,newmz,"Fantastic, I highly recommend this if you miss the older, more ""sim"" type rally titles that were around before the Dirt games went too arcade."
76561198119393271,Recommended,310560,19092818,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Theforgottenson,"Get pedals, Get a steering wheel, Get this game.Have only brushed the surface so far, had a quick play with a gamepad, its very playable, BUT dragged my wheel out and it turned into a frantic, sweaty on the edge of your seat noise feast that just got better with ever pasted corner.The Gameplay from what I've done is well played, the front wheel drive mini's are alot of fun, and a great way to get used to the very narrow, realistic rally courses, there's no extra run off or three car wide roads here. Then on to the rear wheel drive escorts genre, steep learning curve for anyone thats never driven the real thing, the physics are that good.Looking forwards to getting into the 4wd classes but so far its the best car game I've ever played, and I've played most. Graphics are fantastic, not so much in how pretty it is, more how it flows so well, sounds are amazing, the cars and even the co-driver is done very well. Overall a very satisfying game I forsee spending a lot more time on.9.4/10"
76561198074323783,Recommended,310560,19027977,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,-deLuXe-,Try to play it like Dirt 3 and you’ll be halfway up a tree on the very first corner.
,Recommended,310560,19028240,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Maahk,"This game is hard and unforgiving. No Rewind, whatever. You may restart a single stage but loose money doing it.As far as i can see it, this will be another positive Early Access title: Many updates & dev-community-communication!It is by now playable like a (unpolished) release candidate.As of the controls: I recommend a driving wheel - bought myself a Logitech Driving Force GT - its sufficient!Apart from the peoples faces the graphics are nice. But apart from the start, whenever you look them in the face, youll crash soon, soo.. dont look at them :DFurthermore: No Gymkhana Drift s**t! Best ... thing ... ever!TL;DR: Best rally game since RBR! And it even looks beautiful!"
,Recommended,310560,18553211,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Cloud,"So far it is comming along great, I would like to see a better PvP lobby than how it is now just to simply quick fun games with friends."
76561198070874289,Recommended,310560,18549029,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,zetathix,Hard as nail. I cannot even pass a first season. But really satisfy experiences.
76561198068194265,Recommended,310560,18541778,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Renaissance_Man,"EPIC! EPIC! EPIC! Best Rally game sim ever. I'm using a controller and it's still outstanding. Can't wait for some DLC to come out once it's fully released. It's so satisfyingly challenging, you just want to get better and can't put it down."
76561198035413087,Recommended,310560,18675162,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Chara,"Fun game. Only word of advice, if you suck at driving (aka most of the people I see on the road on the way to work) I'd be wary of this as it is pretty damn realistic and such. Unforgiving of even minor mistakes, hide your cellphones cause even in a game texting and driving is deadly lol (as I found out, when I glanced at a received text and took the express trip down a mountain)Edit: For some odd reason my game hours got screwed up. I have over 12 hours into the game and not 5 mins as it said at the time of this review."
,Recommended,310560,18675415,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sladey93,A return to the original Colin McRae Dirt but with more improvements and very frequent updates. No arcadey rubbish races like those found in Dirt Showdown for example. Just true Rally stages with a few Hill Climbs and Rally Cross events. Very realistic physics and handling. Time needs to be put into this game to get the most out of it as it offers a fair challenge even on the lower difficulties. It is already a brilliant game. It is constantly improving and will just get better and better. There is no need to wait for full release jump in now and get rallying! You will not regret it!
,Recommended,310560,18687683,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,C4EFFECT,"Good game.Gave this a second shot n have started to get to grips with the handling..Takes a while to master but just take it easy at the start.BTW if you do dislike the game don't bother telling anyone on here because they will just thumbs you down,and a few like to tell you how stupid you are,and how you should be sitting there with crash helmet on as this is for true rally fans only.Just a word of warning."
76561198142078224,Recommended,310560,18687885,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,camsty1,its the best rally game i have ever played.but they need mitsibishi and more other cars to rallycross
76561198062953638,Recommended,310560,18688340,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Gundalf,"It do not disappoint me like the others ""simulation"" race games did (Hi Project Cars), and it's not even his final form. Take my vote."
76561198117139826,Recommended,310560,15760024,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Arghhh,Good 10/10
,Recommended,310560,15760454,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,ciaran036,"This is what DIRT fans have been crying out for, for years! This is it - pure rally simulation! It's what the original DIRT should have been. This is like the spiritual successor to Richard Burns rally. The Early Access version comes complete with 36 stages across three countries representing a good variety of environments and also with a variety of rally cars covering all classes (from a 70's mini cooper to a Group B monster all the way to today's modern rally cars). Stages can be played in different weather and at different times of day/night, which adds a lot of variety.I've put 15 hours into the game already, and the career mode will keep me going for a good while yet. The gameplay is just like real-life rally - challenging high-risk high-reward driving. The game can be incredibly punishing, and all it takes is a blip in concentration to end up hurtling off a cliff and retiring out of a rally. It's painful when this happens - but that's rally. The fear of losing control while hurtling down the road is what makes it so exciting.Graphically, the game looks, feels and sounds fantastic. Physics engine seems impressively realistic. The game is by no means complete in its current form, but the game engine and gameplay seem to be quite complete - so it seems all we have to do is wait for the rest of the content to arrive over the next year. From the developer timeline, I can make out that they are going to add Finland, Pikes Peak and some rally cross stages, and at the end of the year a 'Winter wonderland' environment - I'm not sure if that's a new country or just some new weather effects. We already have ice and snow via the Monaco track currently, personally I'd prefer if they added a completely new country into the mix - perhaps a country never done before in a game that's in the WRC calendar this year - Mexico, Germany, Argentina etc. perhaps even something completely different like Ireland :)It's shaping up to be a very complete game by the end of year. Would be nice to have got a full release straight up, but then for £22.49 I can't complain much."
76561198124073546,Recommended,310560,16441387,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,James.50cal,The best rally game ive played even if it's early access. Few things could be improved upon like the bright dials in cockpit cam.
,Recommended,310560,16431438,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,PremiumBohemian,"Before you look at hours played. Let me share my experience with you.This game throws you in the deep end from the get go. Its a wet dream for perfectionists already, in its early access model.So being the perfectionist that I am I found that I was constantly seconds behind whoever I was contesting in the first championship event, on basically every track. I keep tweaking my car, trying to push it just a little harder on those straights, trying to get in sideways early on those sharp turns to come screaming around it in and retain perfect control into the next straight run. I fought so hard for those few extra seconds. I restarted something like 60 - 70 times on the SECOND track of the first event. It was grueling, it was painful...I loved every god damn second of it.Today is the second day i've come back for more of this feeling, and already I feel my skill has increased.  I just started really listening to the co-driver and focusing on where and at what intensity my car should be turning on each respective corner. Without having to run through the track 20 - 30 times to get comfortable, I was just nailing it and getting in the green on each segment on my 3rd - 4th try.Game is awesome.TL;DRPROBABLY -THE- BEST RALLY EXPERIENCE TO DATE"
76561198111499037,Recommended,310560,16364843,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Markus,Drifting on ice in a 1960's Mini cooper is scary af.
,Recommended,310560,16379827,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,jtgibson,This game is a gateway into an astounding new level of swearing.  Over the last couple of hours I've used curses I didn't even know existed.
76561197987661947,Recommended,310560,16480547,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Force 999,Thank you thank you thank you codemaster boys after this Force feedback patch I played I played and I played hard I cannot believe how good is this sim now .I am so happy that finaly I will say good bye to Richard Burns Rally.I am lost with words codemaster thank you one more time.All we need is more cars and tracks and we will happly pay for it.
,Recommended,310560,16144130,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,okham,"Turn ABS off, traction control off, stability control off, HUD off, force cockpit view and it's the most immersive and exciting driving game I've ever played. Great locations, useful co driver calls with good variety and detail. Some nice additional features such as mechanics gaining experience over time, daily and weekly events to compete in vs other players. Very impressed so far."
76561198021052069,Recommended,310560,16487660,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Vekk,"Awesome Racing game, i was concerned at first about how exciting rally could be because of previous racing games ive played and the rally side of it just never interested me. BUT with this game that is not the case. the tight twists and turns you have to make at high speeds while trying to predict the bumps and turns coming up ahead make this game such an adrenaline rush. Altho be warned this game is not a walk in the park, it is a sim true to its name where the slightest mistake and they will make you pay for it by sending you off into the ditch. just be ready to pull your hair out trying to get a perfect run while being fast. The game is great and i would reccomend.Pros +Game sounds amazingAdrenaline RushChallengingSolid racing gameCons -Not that many cars (still is early access so i cant really blame it)Limited Location choices (again ""early access""^)Youll drive over something that looks smooth and it flips you."
,Recommended,310560,16489826,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RisingForc3,good.
,Recommended,310560,16492145,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,WRXCozmo,A must have for Rally fans! Some of the most fun ive had on a racing game in a long time!
76561198076035817,Recommended,310560,16060997,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,orbit9224,great game good graphics great sounds .only bad thing i can see atm.im bad at rally lol.nothing bad to say about the game.
76561197979799077,Recommended,310560,16061734,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Zwahili,Fun and rewarding. Cannot comment on realism as I have not driven a rally stage IRL. Some small glitches but no game breaking ones for me.A well deserved break from the dudebro bulls**t in earlier racing/rally games.Runs 90fps @ 1440 with a gtx980 on ultra with mirrors and post on lowest (2xMSAA).EDIT: advanced blending off as well.
76561198046374154,Recommended,310560,16062582,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Zama,Good game. I just suck so much at rally that ive played 13 hours without winning a single event.
76561197960914394,Recommended,310560,16062980,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Jez,If you enjoyed the original then this is for youno more of the arcade style ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tThis is how is should have been all along
,Recommended,310560,16085268,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,scorpio1989hs,This is a really good game even if it's still in development.Need to work on handling corners10/10
76561198028333968,Recommended,310560,16085845,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,☠ 絕望的小丑 ☠,"Finally a good old rally.I enjoyed Colin Mcrae 2.0 on PSx1,best rally i played.I was really disspointed with Dirt Dirt 2and 3,Showdown,so much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of Ken Block and stupid trick event's.All these year's i wanted to have only good old rally,without any showdown or trick even'ts and that KBlock crap.And the good old classic car's from 60's to 90's love em so much.Thank u codemaster's for not making another,KB showdown and trick crap."
76561198040302035,Recommended,310560,16086831,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,EightSix,"This is the most realistic dirt game ever made . If you are looking for dubstep and Ken Block, I am very glad to tell you neither of those are to be found in this game ( also Ken Block would get his♥♥♥♥♥kicked in WRC) anyone rally drive can slam the gas and spin around a cone."
,Recommended,310560,16088667,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,SvenskKanal,Its a more real rally game than any earlier rally series since colin macrae 2. move away the auto breaks and started with reperation after every 2 stages makes the game more fun and interesting and i enjoy every second i have spend in the game so far. Also love that if you fall off some cliffs and fall in some holes outside the road you will retier from the event because the car is broken.
,Recommended,310560,16075773,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Car Bomb,"It is basically a more tiring, less forgiving Dirt 3 where your car doesn't turn well, your brakes don't work well, and your tires have zero grip. Ah, how I hate the gravel.Get this game. It's great."
76561198005773095,Recommended,310560,16076005,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,NISMAN86,"Never had so much fun failing at the first few kilometres of a run in a racing game.So glad there is now something to replace the venerable Richard Burns Rally for a hardcore Rally Experience. While the simulation might not be 100% realistic, the concentration and intensity of the experience is what this game is all about.Well done Codemasters."
76561198094553350,Recommended,310560,16079819,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,attiladenes1,"Hi AllGreat game...very well optimized...beautiful graphics...Need force feedback improvement and more stages, countries but I am just loving it already. :)"
76561198081902523,Recommended,310560,16079899,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,bbreeze,"After so many years ... finally a great rally game. There is no way to compare other CMR/Dirt series to this game. Driving, sometimes very hard but it should be like this - after some learning process it's pure fun. Graphics are not the best ever but this is not the most important thing - nevertheless still very good. Sound - just awesome. I never thought Codemasters is able to make such a great rally game. I hope they will keep their word and put a lot of new stuff - new rallies and cars."
76561197988128126,Recommended,310560,16081311,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Kenny,cool game
76561198030046573,Recommended,310560,15858635,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Pudge,Great fun
76561197971974997,Recommended,310560,15859032,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kampflabor,"Wow!!!!Didn´t really like the last few Dirt-Games but this one is awesome again!Realistic feelingLong, exiting tracks (should become some more in future)Beautiful graphicsCool soundsGreat cars (should become some more in future)Fast loadingNo bugs til nowThanks for such a great game, Codemasters!"
76561198128654915,Recommended,310560,15881599,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,amr4622,"Well I dint expected so much from this Dirt Rally but it have been fun. The driving is somehow different because is trying to aspire to be a simulator,  but nahh!!! u don't trick me the driving is a wannabe simulator, but still I enjoy racing it and the beautiful tracks. The cars still looks like Dirt 3. The tracks are amazing and doesn't compare to Dirt 3! So if u have enjoy dirt series but you wanted more rally then u better hop in before the price comes up."
76561198129464271,Recommended,310560,15881699,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,graves8005,This is a Great Game.Would highly recomend it!!! Great job Codemasters.The more you play the better it gets.Very realistic A+++++++
,Recommended,310560,15881750,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,astr0,"Awesome rally game, really hard though or maybe I'm bad at it, still awesome.Beautiful scenery, awesome cars and amazing effects.Recommended for anyone looking for a game to kill time and have fun."
,Recommended,310560,15882588,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Thee Under Brake,"Very much a rally simulator and spiritual successor to Richard Burns Rally. With the promise of multiplayer and more cars/locations coming soon, well worth every penny if this kind of thing tickles your fancy."
76561197989058207,Recommended,310560,15882768,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Doomguy,"THIS. This is what I've been waiting for since RBR. This is the best rally game I've ever played. It's unforgiving, it's fun, it requires all your concentration. The physics are spot on. This is the reason I went out and bought a G27 wheel. Dirt Rally is everything I've hoped for. If you are into realistic racing games, just try it for yourself. It works poorly with a controller, although it's playable. You really do need a wheel and even then it's hard. It took me 2 days and 12 hours of play time with a wheel to finally get my first place win. Once you get the hang of it and you slide around corners gracefully it's the most rewarding racing sim experience I've had to date. And with hill climb and Pike's Peak coming soon? 11/10."
,Recommended,310560,27970284,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tribulation,"This game literally just came out one day with no marketing & blew away all outher current rally games. It's extremely good fun, more so than all other games branded Dirt (finally), it's even better than the official FIA licenced game made by Milestone.The content (what little there is) is amazing, the graphics, track and audio design are also top notch (something Codemaster are always good at), this time the physics are up to par too. The only downsides are the slight lack of content & the fact that this should be the way they make the liscenced game."
,Recommended,310560,27973510,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,appelkoos,"This is just great, raw fun. Wonderful game if you like a good rally sim."
,Recommended,310560,27970445,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mcl34n,"Nominated for ""I thought this game was cool before it won an award"" award."
76561198163313596,Recommended,310560,31313447,Posted: 22 April,all,Tentacloud,Absolutely fantastic racing game. One of the best I've ever played. Buy it if you have the money and you like racing simulators.#alpineA110
,Recommended,310560,31226267,Posted: 18 April,all,j0bodi,It's a rally game.
,Recommended,310560,31216437,Posted: 18 April,all,RealityDisorder,"This game is amazing and runs great on Linux. Thank you for the awesome port, Codemasters and Feral.I hope it's not a one-off experiment and look forward to seeing Dirt 4 and other future Codemasters titles (like the F1 series)  come to Linux. Having a viable alternative to Windows helps all PC gamers, not just Linux users!"
,Not Recommended,310560,25134615,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,EcLiPsE_,so much fun
,Recommended,310560,32835845,Posted: 26 June,all,Chrysalis,"Easily the best driving game I've ever played on PC. It's great with a casual XBOX remote, or with a much more complicated wheel and pedal setup.Fantastic driving physics I enjoy every second of it, even though it's occasionally very frustrating to ram into a tree."
76561198271949794,Recommended,310560,32704392,Posted: 23 June,all,JustDriveOk / SKINTRADES.COM,"I'm not really a rally type of guy, more of a street racing type of guy but this game goes down as one of my best purchases!"
,Recommended,310560,32711827,Posted: 23 June,all,NYAN CAT,"Listen to ""Night of fire"" from initial d, I garuntee you won't get out of your seat"
,Recommended,310560,32865728,Posted: 27 June,all,ahmbouth,"Best rally game ever :) a bit dissapointed by Dirt4 , so now i'm back to Dirt Rally, and also because i missed Pikes Peak :)"
,Recommended,310560,32875626,Posted: 27 June,all,Heli,"Графен - чекКуча машин - чекКрасивое окружение - чекХардкор - чекВернуть деньги - чекНа самом деле игра отличная, но на клавиатуре менее интересно, купить все же рекомендую."
76561198068659693,Recommended,310560,32890044,Posted: 27 June,all,ShaDoW_Asunder,"I purchased the game as I am looking to learn more about vehicles overall. Have not got into anything too nitty gritty yet other than a few races.So far the game is decent, cannot say I would buy it full price however. The game does not really have the feeling like GT5 that hooks the player in, but it is definately more realistic. Keyboard mapping could have been better plotted, but like most of the game, you can change it."
76561198020025855,Recommended,310560,27178767,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ʀuƞʈү,"This game is one of the best Rally games on the market, imo.If you liked Richard Burns rally (2004), this game is a MUST!I even bought a Steering wheel with clutch and H-shifter for this game."
,Recommended,310560,32186944,Posted: 4 June,all,sam,"Honestly one of the best racing simulators ever made, playing with assistance off is really an experience worth paying for. Whole heartedly could not reccomend this game more to someone interested in any form of rally. 10/10"
,Recommended,310560,31946034,Posted: 24 May,all,generalBF,"I didn't expect I could run this on my potato!!!CPU: Intel Core i5-5200U 2.20GhzRAM: 4GBGraphics card: Intel HD Graphics 5500Realistic game, if you prefer NFS/Burnout Paradise don't get this one. This one needs a bit of practice.Ah I need to get a wheel......"
,Recommended,310560,32642514,Posted: 22 June,all,Pao44445,Cut the corners.regret nothing
76561197966595583,Recommended,310560,32592069,Posted: 20 June,all,∞ GStoyk ∞ ®,Lovely.
,Recommended,310560,32658622,Posted: 22 June,all,10538,This is probably one of the hardest and most discouraging racing games I've ever played but damn I love it.
,Recommended,310560,32814076,Posted: 26 June,all,Balkenkreuz,"playing with steering wheel control maybe make it easier, best rally game i've ever played. im trying to play multiplayer event mode, i got #20 rank, so they are better than me.graphic & realistic : 12/10people who vote thumbs down because its too hard, they'r sucks at dirt rally."
76561198170665278,Recommended,310560,19600353,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,SlapinDough,"I can not stop playing this game, even when I fly off the track into trees or off a cliff. with a proper wheel this game is hands down great in everyway."
76561198072173758,Recommended,310560,15631815,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ErALeopard,"Hardcore,and that is what dirt need for a long time.The absence of the flashback made the game experience super hard and required highly concentration...which means u can easily ruin the whole stage with a little mistake...not easy,but interesting in some way.With the 360 controller,the steering is a little bit weird...but anyway,this game is pretty promising,and may be Codemaster will lower the AI or game difficulty in future.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Finally this great game left Early Access,congratulations!GJ CM"
76561198013488973,Recommended,310560,19691589,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Bad Bones,VERY NICE
,Recommended,310560,19712104,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,James Granko,Simply the best rally-game made so far.
,Recommended,310560,19712542,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Lord Norboy,"Wow, it's a quiet realistic rally game, if you play it with a wheel and turned off assists (but not an LFS). I didn't have this much adrenaline in a race game for a very loong long time (driving about 200 km/h at night in a snowstorm in the woods)!But it needs better steam controller support. Now it's very laggy with gyro steering."
,Recommended,310560,19707020,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,this is sparta,Perfection
76561197988376650,Recommended,310560,19707282,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Redeyessniper,Hold on and go fast!
,Recommended,310560,19707328,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,cwgtempel,Definitly Recomend this game!
,Recommended,310560,19707347,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,{B}Dr. Strangelove{B},"So fun, so challenging! It's a white knuckle ride and it really gets your blood pumping. I love this game! I am still just using the keyboard for controls, hope santa brings me a nice wheel controller.... :)"
76561198129978865,Recommended,310560,19692494,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,behinder,The game us rally simulator fans have been waiting for so many years. It's very obvious a lot of love for motorsports have been put into this game and it shows.
