user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,310790,13127329,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,The Candy Man,i can finally get rid of my 360
76561198034547108,Recommended,310790,13080570,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,KingAcorn85,"Worth 14.99$ for sure. I have only been playing for 20 minutes and I love it. The game looks amazing, runs amazing, and feels amazing. My analog stick is off and in most games I constantly move left, but they must have deadzone support because I don't move at all unless I move the analog stick myself. They have the original game types (King, Pacifism, Deadline, Evolved), Adventure Mode, Online, and tons more. I love the music, SFX, and 3D elements. I strongly recommend this to fans of the previous installments and to anyone who is debating whether to purchase the game.I thought I would post some more notes.. so here we go. I am not the best at Geometry Wars and it has been a while since I played, but so far, the game isn't very easy. It isn't like Angry Birds when you can easily get 3 stars on every level.. you have to really know what you are doing and play the level multiple times, and I really like that. I reached the first boss and was pleasently suprised. It took me multiple tries to defeat it, but was really an awesome experience. You have to watch for the enemies, fight the boss, and get Geoms all while under a time limit.The game is super intense and is honestly really fun.Edit: If you have any questions on the game, feel free to comment or PM me and I can try to answer!"
,Recommended,310790,13120567,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Uullii,"Like crack, but cheaper."
,Recommended,310790,13919062,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Aussiedroid,"The last Geometry Wars I played wasRetro Evolvedwhich came out close to 8 years ago. It was so simple, so beautiful & so challenging - it really stood out as one of the best shooters of the time (and still fun to play to this day). Sufficed to say I had high expectations forDimensions.Rather excited to start, I regrettably found myself spending the first 30 minutes trying to get the game to run properly. Control were not responsive & everything had severe lag.Forumshighlighted that the game needs to be run in windowed fullscreen mode,notthe normal fullscreen. Even though a lot of people experience this it has not yet been patched which is disappointing to say the least. Now it’s running properly - it does feel like a whole new game!Responsiveness is spot on, fast, instant, allowing your reflexes to kick in. I felt right at home like I was playing the same Retro Evolved in gorgeous neon high definition, three dimensional landscapes. No longer is it a flat grid, it bends & warps and also introduces other fully 3D geometric shapes (such as spheres, cylinders, squares & many more). These are awesome fun to play & cannot be overstated enough how much positive impact they have in the game design. Each of these offer a unique challenge, requiring different tactics or strategy as you adjust your shooting around the shapes/curves. Makes it harder, but keeps it interesting.Speaking of harder ..Dimensionsis one of the toughest shooters I have played in a long time. In the Adventure mode(series of 50 levels to unlock, including power-ups & bosses), I got stuck on the first level for quite some time(can't remember the last time I got stuck on the first mission on a game :lol:). I like to consider myself a little above average with my shooters but this one I am finding is hardcore! Its too early to see if the high difficulty will discourage longer term, repeat play(or perhaps have the opposite effect), but for now I am still making progress. Along with the Adventure mode, you also have a bunch of classic modes(e.g. King, Pacifism, Deadline, Evolved)to try from previous Geometry War titles, local co-op & an online multiplayer mode. Good variety & certainly more than previously offered in the series.Enemy designs remain largely the same & you will notice many classics that you love to hate. There are some new enemies too. Each has a unique pattern, unique shape & colour making them instantly recognisable even when things get hectic. There are times though, were things get too crazy with all the enemies, fireworks & geoms on the screen but it’s at the right intensity & is balanced well.The overall quality(technical issue aside)can be seen throughout, from the eye-popping gorgeous graphics, energetic music & effects to the little refinements like being able to press 'X' straight after your last life to restart level instantly(no menus needed). Results are a real joy to experience, one that I think has raised the bar for twin-stick shooters for 2015; much like Waves did in my view a couple years back.Worthy addition to the Geometry War series.If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
,Recommended,310790,13082387,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,VALIS,"A worthy if not superior sequel to two of the greatest modern arcade-styled games. That says it all right there, but let me go into finer detail.Geometry Wars 3 is similar to #2 in a lot of ways, but the biggest addition is 3-D arena shapes rather than the standard 2-D rectangle. Spheres, tubes, globes, warped rectangles and more; It reminds me of Super Stardust HD at times, as well as the '80s arcade classic, Tempest. Also new is the ability to upgrade your ship (only in the Adventure mode) with different helper drones and abilities, and it's rather necessary to do this to achieve three stars on most levels, as well as adding an extra layer of depth in tinkering to come up with the best ""loadout"" to ace a level.There is also a classic mode which is quite similar to Geometry Wars 2, which did not receive a PC port, unlike the original. I believe five of the six game modes from Geo Wars 2 are present here, but it's been a few years and I don't quite remember all the modes. Of course there are leaderboards for all these modes, as well as each separate level on Adventure, and leaderboard jockeying is a core part of the Geo Wars experience.The controls felt a slight bit sluggish at first, but switching the video mode to 'windowed borderless' made the controls feel instantaneous, every bit as quick as the first two versions if not better. If your controls feel sluggish, read the forum where people are posting various tips and fixes.Geometry Wars 1 and 2 are among my favorite games of all time, so I had a lot of personal stake in this latest, announced-out-of-nowhere version, hoping it wasn't going to be a quick knock-off based on name alone. I'm happy to report this game is worthy of the Geometry Wars name and then some, looking like it's going to be another modern arcade classic for me. Dozens of hours of white-knuckle, twin-stick bliss await."
,Recommended,310790,13176787,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,VengefulCheezit,"If small, brightly-colored, geometric shapes didn't haunt you in your sleep before, they will now.Hands down one of my favorite arcade series of all time. Continues to impress with the latest addition.Modes from Geometry Wars 2 are back along with the new Adventure, Co-op, and Versus modes. Even if you don't like the last three modes, the originals from Geometry Wars 2 still will be plenty. Mouse and keyboard controls feel great, but I would recommend a controller for this one. Background music is still wonderful.10/10 would be scared of squares again."
,Recommended,310790,32236947,Posted: 7 June,all,Gungrounds Games,"This now classic arcade made history as being one of the first twin-stick shooters that employed 3D arenas in an interesting manner - this was an important addition to the shmup genre, which really blew me away as a developer working in the same genre. But this also brought a problem: the gameplay was made harder by the 3D rotating camera.It impacts overall visibility and the clarity of collision between the player and the enemies. Also, the game is often late with its warnings to the player related to the incoming appearance of enemies.This makes the player die occasionally not because of their own error but due to visual glitches.I personally didn't like the upgrades because I found it unclear in what ways are they affecting the gameplay and they didn’t really help me achieve higher scores.Other noteworthy features include 12 battle modes including Paciﬁsm, King, Claustrophobia and 4 all-new modes, but also the local co-op.Overall this is an interesting addition to Geometry Wars franchise, but Geometry Wars 2 still sits on the throne. If you are a GW fan, I would recommend this game because it shines in all other aspects.If you are looking for other interesting shooter games, I would like to invite you to check our community group on Steam:http://steamcommunity.com/app/593680http://store.steampowered.com/app/593680/Rocking_Pilot/"
,Recommended,310790,13085404,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Bayrock,Geometry Wars fans or newcomers alike should not be disappointed in this fresh installment to the series. Dimensions stays true to its original roots whilst presenting a clearly polished experience both aesthetically and intrinsically. The remastered soundtrack leaves the ears reminiscing. Many mechanics from the predecessors are present but have also been ironed out in the development process.Classic modes with leaderboards are included and properly utilize the polished mechanics and engine. The new adventure mode spans various modes and showcases over 50 new levels; of which many include three-dimensional grids providing a brand new perspective on gameplay. Local co-op returns and online multiplayer makes its anticipated debut to the franchise.Geometry Wars sets the standard for a twin stick shooter and presents the epitome of the genre for a remarkably affordable price. Dimensions is the next great link in the chain and should be enjoyed equally by all consumers.
,Recommended,310790,13160380,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,S( * )F TheLootist,"amazing game, you will love it if you are a fan of twin stick shooters and the previous games, ive only been playing on mouse and mouse and keyboard and its really hard, i need to get a controller ro cvarry on playing and i recommend that you do the same."
76561198158872115,Recommended,310790,13626254,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,beauxbanks,"Fantastic game, would recommend to anyone who wants a challenge. I play countless hours on end and not just a couple either!Verdict: Must Have & Well Done"
,Recommended,310790,13081868,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Kawaii Killer CT,"I've played every game in the series, from the original arcade game in PGR2, to the mobile version, to GW2: RE, to the DS version, and everything in between. If you loved any of the past games, you'll love this one. It does not fail it's past predecessors, and is extremely good. The classic modes are good, but there was one thing that surprised me the most: the campaign is actually REALLY GOOD.Pros:+ Great campaign+ Crisp, fun gameplay on all ends+ Beautiful sountrack (however, sound quality in a few (very few) areas is subpar)+ Classic modes still have their charm (no wax off? :P)+ Beautiful graphics+ Runs extremely well, I can get good framerates on the highest graphics setting available on a mid-range machine+ Great amounts of replayability+ Co-op is great (no online co-op)+ Online modes are creative+ Something for everyone (levels ranging from fun and easy to challenging and difficult)+ SPAWNING IS VERY OBVIOUS. YES.+ Leaderboards are outstanding, but even better if you have friends who playCons:- Sound quality is lacking in some areas (but very few)- Definitely not for anyone who can get frustrated quickly- The game will randomly minimize at times. This might just be a little day 1 bug, and it happens very uncommonly.Gameplay: 11/10Campaign: 10/10Music and Sound: 8/10Overall: 9/10I would recommend this to anyone who loved the previous games or is looking for a new arcade game to pick up. It's definitely worth the $15 I paid to preorder.P.S. One thing I would love that this game has wonderful potential for: STEAM WORKSHOP."
,Recommended,310790,14044267,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,MagicMop,"I'm still recovering from the controller death grip hand cramps I got while beating the final boss. This is a fantastic game that combines elements from all the preceding Geometry Wars games, including the excellent Nintendo exclusive Galaxies. The 3D stages are fun, but I found myself preferring the flat stages. The inclusion of all the modes from GW2 is an excellent bonus."
76561198070624997,Recommended,310790,13376810,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,This is my story.,"I have quite a few things to say about this game but I will make is short, starting with my complaints.First of all, I always loved Geometry wars, I would just like to get out that out of the way before I go anywhere with my complaints. I feel like in their little office they were just coming up with ideas for marketing ploys and said ""hey why don't we take geometry wars make a sequel and make it totally way over digitalized for the younger generation."" By this, I mean they went out of their way to make some different songs all that have the standard bass beat line you would hear in any normal techno song. For some it might not be bad, but compared to the music they have put into this game to the original Geometry wars (they remixed that too, btw they should have just kept that one alone I can't even get into the remix version) music it just gets irritating. I don't like how in arcade mode even though you have just the flat 2d square they have to make the camera all warped. Really, I played this for thirty minutes, then bought Geometry Wars retro evolved for $4 (But please, read more)Going on to positive side now.Once you get to levels 10 and up in adventure mode, the get actually gets pretty hard. Which I am sure will entertain old veteran Geometry Wars fans. It takes some getting used to but it is great fun. I admit I had my doubts, I did buy retro evolved shortly after purchasing this game out of dissapointment. But then I gave this game more of a chance, I got to the first boss battle, then the second, and then things got interesting. I won't spoil much of it but I will say if you are an old old geometry wars veteran then you should consider buying both this game and the retro evolved version as you will find yourself wanting to play both version. This game has a good amount of replayability but I still think people will crave the old retro evolved version time to time, as at times you will get frustrating with the difficulty of having to unlock stars for further stages.All in all, it is a good game and I don't regret my purchase. You should consider it if you have always been a Geometry Wars fan. 8/10 for a casual shooter."
,Recommended,310790,13096514,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,RoX,"For those of you that are looking for a quick answer whether you should purchase this game or not, I give you, “Yes, you should buy this game, at $14.99 it is worth every cent and it is insanely good!” and I've also added an overview in the code box below. For everyone one else, you are in for an Aficionado treat.After 6 long years, the moment I thought never possible is here, as ‘Lucid Games’ releases to us the next chapter of intense arcade action with Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions. This is the epitome of “arcade” gaming, the reason why kids everywhere stood around a cabinet, converted their lunch money into quarters and pumped them into a machine to top each other’s score. If you ever wondered what a “Twin Stick” game is, this is the perfect definition.When ‘Lucid Games’ announced their latest production, a flood of 2 stick nostalgia and excitement hit me with the force of a round-house kick to the face. The day Steam posted Dimensions for presale, my twin stick senses were tingling as I couldn’t pay for the game fast enough. Waiting for release day, the hardcore fanatics were ranting and raving in the forums and this gave me a minute to reflect as I wondered if I wasn’t over-hyping myself with high expectations for this sequel.  Which lead me to ponder the possibility of disappointment in a game that has a long history, a strong cult following, is a standard model for a Twin Stick Shooter, and a title I’ve dedicated a lot of time to in subsequent versions.It was these doubts that made me nervous going into the game and it wasn’t until I started playing it when that familiar flood of nostalgia and excitement came back with the force of a pile-driver. Wow, this is the Geometry Wars that the PC always deserved. The simplistic game play and tight control was always and still is a twin stick enthusiasts dream but for the PC twin stick enthusiast that has been neglected the content the consoles were blessed with by ‘Bizarre Creations’, Dimensions makes those dreams, a wet one.With that, so you are now aware of where I’m coming from, and as I review this game I will attempt to give it to you as straight factual without the euphoric bias opinions, as much as an enthusiast can be possible. Though, the simplistic game play doesn’t require a complex description as Lucid still used the same model of Geometry Wars gameplay and used a lot facets from the prior versions of the game. Several game modes from the 360’s ‘Retro Evolved 2’ were used in modes of game play, drone usage, some power ups, and variants of arenas from Nintendo’s ‘Galaxies’ were also included in this new release. Dimensions does have its uniqueness as the graphics were revamped, they added some 3D mapping, added a couple new enemy models, some new power-ups, a little online team play, and long awaited boss fights. Viola! Now you have Dimensions!Lucid breaks these up in several different modes. Adventure, Classic, Online, Local Co-Op, and Bonus which are outlined below:Adventure mode:This feels like Galaxies though maps are different, even giving us 360 degrees of mapped environmental movement and shooting in some. It take Geometry to new worlds (the 3rd one!) adds a new difficultly to the game, especially for some enemies like those green one’s that were easier trapped on a wall to kill. Going from a 2D arena based shooter the 3D 360 degree mapping arena was aspect I had to get used to, but I was destroying polygons within no time. This mode also adds boss fights which takes Geometry Wars to a whole new level and something I’ve always wished for. Also new to Geometry Wars are some power ups and awesome new types of game play. Overall from the whole game, Adventure mode feels like the most time, thought and effort were put into it.Classic mode:Straight from the 360’s ‘Retro Evolved 2’, you get Deadline, King, Evolved, Pacifism (defying the “shooter” genre) and Waves. Evolved is a slightly different version than the PC version found here on Steam and Waves is also pretty much the same thing that can be found on Project Gotham Racing 3 as a sub-game. The modes are nothing new as they all seem like they were ported straight from the 360 and given a face lift.Online mode:Another first for Geometry Wars and is a limited offering of 2 game modes of play called Stock and Summoner. Both are online team based consisting of 4 players each team. The objectives are simple. In Stock, the first team to destroy the boss wins. In Summoner, teams take over towers for control and the team with the highest score wins. A little disappointing but I’m sure there are more modes coming and being an Activision product, you can almost expect it to be a DLC you will need to pay for. I’ve got my thumbs crossed!Local Co-Op mode:This is basically a variant of Adventure mode, except you play with another player on your PC. It is only 10 missions long and that includes one boss. Again, a little disappointing and likely, another upsell from our friends at Activision.Bonus:These were additional maps that were provided for presale participants. You get 3 and they are basically just variants of existing 3D maps in Adventure mode. Though they have additional features like moving walls, portals and enemies. It’s a minute disappointment but still something I will gladly accept.Problems:All of that is not to say that this game didn’t have its problems. The black holes and explosions are a little lackluster compared to prior versions but my issues with the design are petty. However, the graphic issues are not. Upon first loading the game I noticed some line flickering in the menus. Prior to actual gameplay I always check the settings to verify that they are good for my rig. This part of the menu the graphic options are limited and though I thought no changes were needed, I jumped into game play. The controls felt sluggish, the character sprite movement felt slow, and the overall resolution off compared to the videos and what I was used to with subsequent Geometry Wars. I also confirmed this among other enthusiasts using both AMD and Intel CPU’s as well as Radeon and nVidia GPUs. After tweeking the few graphic options made available, changing the display mode setting from “Full Screen” to “Windowed – Borderless” fixed the problems and running both windows and Dimensions at 1080, basically looks ‘Full Screen’ without the problems of ‘Full Screen’ mode. A minor issue but still one that shouldn’t happen.Once the graphic issue were fixed those familiar tight controls felt solid again, the 3D mapping more crisp, the frame rate higher, the game play more “action-y”, and the deaths felt less cheap.OverviewGame Play:Twin Stick 3D Arena ShooterGraphics:Great – once you get past the issues.Sound:Good – Dimensions has that familiar but revamped techno thumping sound track, though the sound effects of picking up Geoms gets a little old after a while.Controls:Freaking Awesome! – A good, comfortable controller is highly recommended. Dimensions does offer the keyboard and mouse control combo but you lose a lot of the movement angles that that are needed in some modes with the keyboard and is not recommended.Replayability:OMG Yes! I find myself playing one mode over and over, knowing there are over 50 other modes that I love, just to top my friends score. Arcade addiction at its finest!Overall: 10/10!Beside the limited modes and fixable graphic issues, Geometry wars 3: Dimensions is an all-around awesome experience and one I cannot recommend enough to everyone! This is a must buy!"
,Recommended,310790,15678295,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Saygrr,"Twin stick shooter done right, again.  Only better.  If you enjoyed the first Geo-Wars, I'm confindent you'll enjoy this one for the same reasons.  This time our paper clip (space ship) is upgradable with some pretty handy abilities given the situation.  So far, I'm enjoying the collection bot that seeks out any uncollected multipliers while I concentrate on staying alive.  Or the bot that adds additional firepower (same as having double the firepower) of our mighty paper clip.The addition of playfields being 3 dimensional is an awesome and frustrating add.  As well as two abilities you can deploy once in each given round.  Do I recommend?  Yeah, it's pretty freakin fun.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsSZa7nVVww"
,Recommended,310790,13154718,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ThorAxe,"I've played Geometry Wars since the original. I got the second one the minute it was put onto the Xbox Live arcade servers, and I am happy to report that I would recommend this game to any veterans of the series, or even newcomers.Normally I'm not one to care about high scores and leader boards, but there is something about Geometry Wars that is insanely addicting. You find yourself constantly replaying levels going ""I can do better."" I love everything about it. Not only is the score-chasing a thrill, but the actual twin-stick shooting mechanics have always been the best in the genre. If twin-stick shooters were ecstacy, Geometry Wars would be molly. Pure bliss.Both Geometry Wars 2 and 3 have added new things to the series. Geometry Wars 2 added several new modes, and they started to include Geoms to increase your multiplier. This was probably created to attempt to get players to not do the strategy that was pretty much required to do well in the first game, which was just flying in a circle and kiting the enemies behind you. It wasn't very dynamic, but adding Geoms into the mix makes it to where you can play riskier to increase your multiplier before they disappear. Now the third game comes along and adds this adventure mode where tons of new modes are added, AND all the previous modes from Geometry Wars 2 are available as well.All in all, it's a great game, and I can't wait to sink even more hours into it. I can't recommend it it enough. Basically, Geometry Wars is bae.PS: Obviously play with a game pad.Obviously."
76561197993200725,Recommended,310790,19010668,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Ragunos,The most pleaserable way to induce a foaming mouth and crippling seizures through gameplay.The most tear-jerking story ending.The most heart-warming nostalgic feeling of retro goodness.The most hate inducing multiplayer of friends who use up all your lives because they suck.Then you die of dem feelings.10/10
,Recommended,310790,19064916,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Poats,Best twin-stick shooter in existence.
,Recommended,310790,20229292,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,◥DaBeastKing◤,"A fun but very challenging twin-stick shooter. Great, colorful graphics, interesting 3d levels. No controller vibration, and online multiplayer is dead however.Remember to check out GW3 on Android and IOS as well (both of which seem to be exactly the same as PC, except much cheaper).Recommend buying during a sale."
76561198045993064,Recommended,310790,18714289,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Dinkleberg,"Having played a lot of Geometry Wars 2 and being a big fan of the small arcarde game, Geometry Wars 3 is a great edition to the series.  They added a bunch of new features and ideas to the game and I can't think of one I don't like.  They are all great and really add depth to the game and make it better.I did play the second one on console and used an xbox control and I'd have to say I think this game might fit two analog sticks better then WASD and a mouse.  So if you have the option to play with a controller I might recommend trying that.  However I've only used the mouse for the 3rd one and it works fine."
,Recommended,310790,13340630,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Caldaeon,"Geometry Wars 3 was a blast. it has that arcade feel that keeps you wanting to play just one more round.  It is easy to play but hard to master, and i really enjoy that in games. The music and sound that goes along with the game also makes for an immersive experience.  (best played with a controller imo)"
,Not Recommended,310790,25013806,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TFDoom,"As a standalone twin-stick shooter it's great. As a sequel to Geometry Wars 2 it's not. Allow me to explain...On an aesthetic level Geometry Wars 3 looks the business and demands to be witnessed on an absurdly large telly. Top marks for presentation although there's an irritating labyrinth of menus in order to select a specific level.The music is blandly average and doesn't really ramp up with the intensity of the levels. There's nothing that gets the blood pumping like, say, this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09Uq0pWcg3QThere's a few other niggles that will only be apparent if you've played the previous games. Spawn time seems a little 'off': I lost count of the amount of times that I'd been killed by an enemy with no conceivable warning. In the previous games there would usually be an audio cue to signal an incoming enemy but there's no such luck here.Some of the three dimensional level shapes, while looking incredible, do impede the fast-paced nature of gameplay; for example, not seeing an enemy hiding on the edge of a cube.The one addition that really rankles me, though, is loadouts. In previous games the joy would be in simply bettering your own score. Here, you're constantly wondering what combination of perks will enable you to absolutely merk that particular level. It seems each level has been designed to have one 'correct' way to play. Even more infuriatingly, certain modes, levels and perks are hidden behind a fairly arbitary unlock system. Just give me access to everything from the start!I realise this is a fairly negative review but, in spite of the missteps, the DNA of Geometry Wars is unstoppable and, as such, Geometry Wars 3 is still a worthwhile purchase in spite of the caveats mentioned."
76561198072270271,Recommended,310790,33022059,Posted: 29 June,all,Athetos,"Geometry Wars 3 is a very pure video game.  Aside from the wonderful graphics, very little about the game is far beyond the older games it draws inspiration from: iconic Twin-Stick Shooters like Robotron and visual design elements from Tempest.  Although GW3 does have a ton of content (including a huge free update that came out long ago, the Evolved update), you'll find all of that content involves moving your ship with the left stick and shooting all around you with the right stick.  It's a fun game but the core experience never really changes, so you can know if you'll love it or hate it just from watching the trailers.I love it.There are a ton of different modes and a nice mix of enemy types with several cool boss fights as well.  Almost all enemies in GW3 do not shoot at you: this is not a bullet hell.  Instead they just try to collide with you and you die in one hit.  Enemies vary in their AI / movement speed / health and are easily identified because they are distinct shapes and color-coded.  Initially the game can seem quite easy but you'll find that a lot of the endless modes can get downright insane.  Also there's a big difference between barely finishing Adventure Mode once... and 3-starring every level like I did for the achievement.  Make no mistake, you get a lot from this game for the price.  The graphics are amazing, but the music is only so-so.  I recommend turning it down and playing your own music instead: that enhanced the experience for me.  The story is... what did you actually expect a story?  You shoot everything.  Also it has multiplayer and online leaderboards for what that's worth."
,Recommended,310790,22296044,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Cream-of-Plenty,"Geometry Wars 3 is possibly the gold standard (or at least silver standard) for twinstick shooters on Steam, polished to a sheen and packed to the gills with content.  The bulk of the game consists of ""Adventure"" mode, a linear progression through 50 maps.  Lucid Games did an admirable job injecting an impressive amount of variety into each of the levels.  The result is that you usually won't feel like you're trying to achieve the same objective over and over again (for 50 maps).  There are a few duds in the mix--I've never been a fan of the missions where you see how long you can prevent enemies from completely ""painting"" the arena--but the game makes up for it with a lot of missions that are genunely fun to replay.Reaching certain goals and milestones unlocks upgrades for your ship (like buddy drones and super weapons) while obtaining higher scores grants you a sort of currency that can be used to improve these upgrades.  While you'll ultimately have more points to spend than things to invest them in, you can only take one of each type on a given mission with you, so you need to think about the level you're going in to and what will benefit you most.  Maybe a defensive buddy is important for a 1-life survive-as-long-as-you-can mission, but a gem (point) collector drone is better for a timed mission.  Similarly, certain super weapons are better on certain maps than others.  The ability to customize your loadout helps add some depth to the game.In addition to ""Adventure"" mode are three other main modes:  ""Ultimate"" mode, which plays like a crazier, 40-level version of ""Adventure"" mode; ""Hardcore"" mode, which is primarily levels from ""Adventure"" and ""Ultimate"" modes, minus the ability to use drones/super weapons, and ""Classic"" mode, which is simply the ability to choose from the 6 primary mission types featured in previous Geometry Wars installments.As the game is all about stars, points, and high-scores, it can really create a ""one more time"" itch for people who like seeing how high they can get on the leaderboards.  The game itself provides a reasonable challenge--I wouldn't qualify it as an especially difficult twinstick shooter by any stretch--but for those who are looking to score 3-stars (or beat friends/global scores) the game can put up enough of a fight that you probably won't sleepwalk through levels.Package it all up in a coherent lo-fi arcade art-style and you've got a solid twinstick-shooter timesink that likely offers more content than the average person will be able to tackle.  I probably wouldn't recommend taking it on without a gamepad of some sort, though."
,Recommended,310790,14193788,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Ralis99,"Never again will I underestimate the descent of little colourful geometric shapes, for it was that very moment I wished to touch the light that I exploded. Great.So, now let's understand something important about this game. There's no story. Apart from that driving aspirations to grind your score so high it quadruples your friends' pathetic scores. Reign supreme as the name at the top of the list. Sure, you can go slay dragons in another game and feel perhaps a greater supremacy and satisfaction, but there's no denying the satisfaction you gain when you finally finish a level with 3 stars you've been retrying for the past hour or so. Sometimes you just have to take a step back from the world on the inside of your monitor, and enjoy a game for what it actually is: a bunch of shapes.Oh, I should actually explain what you're getting? Well, for a measly 15 bucks (almost 20 in AUD) you get a twin stick shooter with you as a measly little shape, armed with a laser against hordes of geometry shapes. Battle will happen on a multitude of single player challenges, where you fly about and destroy everything you possibly can, scoop up the green scraps and destroy even more for more green scraps. Blowing stuff up gives you points. Green scraps gives you multiplier. You can't do without either. And if that's not enough, you can even bring some friends along with you to make your war against the shapes easier... or perhaps more interesting, as you steal both kills and geoms from your rivals. Your score is the only thing that matters. Oh, did I mention there are some boss battles?But I'll admit, the game won't last you as long as some of the bigger games of today. Or maybe it will? Alas, the thrill of beating scores over and over will eventually burn out. There's no denying that. But for a mere fraction of the price of bigger titles, you really shouldn't pass this up. Grab your friends and your controller and get shooting!"
76561198042335651,Recommended,310790,13217489,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Daygo,stays true to the series but with a fresh new twist.
,Recommended,310790,28155468,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Warden Flamewater,$15 for a shooting game that actually was more intended to destroy shapes.I remember the old days when I accidently found this game inside Project Gotham Racing 2 as an Easter Egg.It was a great game! This one is too!Highly Recommend.
76561198064930112,Recommended,310790,13136161,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Zik,"Amazing arcade game. If you played and like the previous ones, its a must, if you havent, what the hell are you waiting for ? 10/10"
,Recommended,310790,13230502,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Zamug,"I had never played geometry wars before, just a clone that had been available on Linux many many years ago. That clone isn't available any more, so I am extremely happy to buy and play the official Game, third installment.I read through various reviews, especially negative ones, and understand the criticism. But to me as a casual player who would be happy with only the classic mode and needs games that run on Linux, this is probably one of the best shooters I can get.The gameplay is basically always the same, there is a limited number of enemies, but I don't care. For me, this game is about hand-eye coordination, being able to read complex and hectic situations, and getting in the ""zone"". I can't say I have reached that level yet, it will probably take many many hours to be able to make millions of points in a zen-like state, and maybe at that level I will also notice the supposedly sluggish controls and inaccurate hitboxes. So... if you're a pro gamer, or familiar with the geometry wars series, read the negative reviews I guess. If you're looking for some harmless action fun, get this game.Cons:What annoyed me at first was that I can't switch to keyboard + mouse mode, the game always uses the controller. I could probably fix that by removing the controller, but I like the controller gameplay quite a bit after a few hours.Another minor annoyance is that even the ""classic"" mode has a 3d view of the playing area, and that due to camera movement you don't always see all the borders of the field. So a wave of enemies can spawn without you seeing them."
,Recommended,310790,15266535,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Luminaire,"I consider this the pinnacle of twin-stick arcade shooters. I go on benders with this game so long that the brightly colored shapes burn into my brain and I see them behind closed eyelids. I've been a fan of the series since the first one (the mini-game) and watched it grow, and this iteration is leagues ahead of its predecessors as well as any similar titles you might find on Steam. The production values are top-notch and the gameplay is finely tuned and addictive & varied enough to keep you playing for hours and coming back for more. From the slick menus to the creative, psychedelic 3-dimensional level designs and variety of ways to approach them, it's clear the developers put a lot of love and effort into this. However, what impressed me most wasn't the polished presentation, but rather the variations on the basic types of gameplay modes and how they translate over to 3 dimensions. There are still flat-surfaced levels, but on the 3D stages, you (and your enemies, the types and behaviors of which are vast) have command of the entire surface which is sometimes covered with stragetically placed walls and other interactive objects. This opens up worlds of new possibilities, and the developers clearly explored a large amount of them. In fact, a recent free update (in which ""Evolved"" was added to the game's subtitle) introduced even more level designs. With the attention to detail and sheer amount of gameplay elements - some of which are continually being added - you really get the feeling that this is a labor of love for the folks at Sierra.I'd like to address a very common complaint I've noticed: the difficulty. When I first started playing this, I agreed that it was insanely difficult and the learning curve too steep, but after spending a few hours with it, I felt increasingly comfortable and began to advance quite quickly through the adventure mode. In fact, a few days after getting this, I revisited those early stages I initially had so much trouble with and wound up getting the full 3 star score on all of them with relative ease. It's true that the amount of enemies on screen at one time and the frantic pace at which the game operates can be extremely overwhelming to people not used to it (as can the cheesy techno soundtrack), but it is not impossible. If you have at least decent hand-eye coordination and a twin-stick controller (and I cannot stress how important it is to use a modern, dual analog stick controller like the Xbox 360's with this game), rest assured, you'll get the hang of it. And this is one game most definitely worth getting the hang of."
76561198136975055,Recommended,310790,32167323,Posted: 3 June,all,noobert,"Probably the best modern ""twin-stick shooter"". The game plays, looks and sounds great and is filled with content and re-playlability. It can be pretty hard, but it's so well made you keep returning to it. I just wish I could play it in 3D as I tried to force it via ReShade but it didn't work."
,Recommended,310790,33942824,Posted: 31 July,all,Buff Orpington,"Fantastic twin-stick shooter, and honestly the farthest the space-themed geometry-based twin-stick shooter sub-genre can be taken IMO. Better than its copycat cousin Waves by a comfortable margin."
,Recommended,310790,13844840,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,DeviantXS,"Just by 30 minutes I can say that it's amazing.They improved everything over the two other games, from the graphics to the enemy bosses. While its truly hard, that is what made Geometry Wars special, and still has that same fire over the first game.I had to purchase at full price, ($14.99) but I really enjoyed the small easy gameplay that will surely eat my time away. I now only demand steam cards! I want a nice wallpaper of this game on my profile and I can't wait for the next games to come from this indie studio and Sierra itself!PC port settings can be improved but works flawless on a 2gb ddr3 graphics card!Grab it on sale but if you can't wait like me, grab it now!"
76561198024632017,Recommended,310790,15665064,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,QP,A game about the genocide of all other inferior shapes.
,Recommended,310790,13089378,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,theStevenCox,"I'm a huge GW fan coming from Xbox 360 and I absolutely love this game. Classic mode feels exactly the same as GW:RE2 so it is fantastic to finally be able to play this on PC. Spawning patterns, enemy movements, and controls all feel spot-on. I was very skeptical about the 3D map environments but they add a great challenge in the single player campaign. I'm looing to live countless hours on this amazing arcade game and I'm so happy to have it back!IMPORTANT: Be sure to disable v-sync in your GPU control panel, as right now there is no in-game option and the lag will absolutely be noticable if you are experienced with the last installment. Also do yourself a favor and buy a controller if you dont already have one so you can kick back with this phenomenal twin-stick shooter!10/10 and must-buy for fans of the GW series"
,Recommended,310790,13661518,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,chronicdog,"In some alternate, parallel dimension or quantum state where shumps were popular, Geo Wars 3 would easily be a GOTY contender. In reality its one of the most criminally overlooked 2D masterpieces of the year, hidden in the dwindling twin stick subgenre. The music is just OK, but its a trivial complaint against whats otherwise surely the finest vector inspired game ever."
,Recommended,310790,20342298,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,SKdaGamer,"10/10I got so hooked into Geometry Wars when I first played Geometry Wars: Galaxies for Wii and DS and I became so into it that it would be the only game I would play for a couple of months. I also got Geometry Wars: Touch for iOS and spent ages trying to beat my high scores, and then I went back to Galaxies to get as far as possible with the best medals I could possibly get.My friend got this and taunted me with it, and I was left wanting it for AGES, until I got Steam a couple of weeks ago. Then I soon bought this game and it met all my expectations:-Awesome graphics-Amazing music-Awesome levels-Easy to learn controls (only for those used to Geometry Wars or that have the ability to adapt to controls)-Replayable gameplayI would SO recommend any player to get this game."
,Recommended,310790,24145927,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Larexus,"Geometry Wars 3 is easily the best in the series and thats saying something since the other 2 games were amazing. The extra dimension that they add to this game really spices it up, instead of just fighting on a flat surface like the previous games, you will also be fighting on Cubes, spheres, peanuts and much more. All the original classic modes return such as pacifism, but alos others are introduced as well. Their is a story mode with a wide variety of diferent challenges as well as boss fights that are quite challenging if not done properly. Their is an Ultimate and a hardcore mode for hardocre veterans of the games. Their is a leaderboard that keep track of your rank against friends as well as your position on the global leaderboards. The controls feel tight and movement is just as smooth as ever, which you would expect from a Geometry Wars game. Their is a COOP mode as well so you can play with a buddy. The soundtrack is amazing just like the previous 2 games. Easily one of the best arcade games on the market, I own it on 3 different platforms(Vita, Xbone, PC) and can be very competitive between friends. Highly recommended!Game Showcase/Gameplay-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6CEdk9fSP8"
,Recommended,310790,13086419,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,pole116,"An even brighter, more colorful, graphically enhanced, geometric war.Soundtrack is betterNew game modes are betterClassic modes are still thereMore replayabilityMore contentGo for it."
76561198028049202,Recommended,310790,23043457,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kupo Games,"Fantastic twin-stick shooter, and IMO the best one in the series.There's tons of levels, tons of different game modes, and tons of frantic hypnotizing action.The scoring system is addictive as usual and I always wanted to go back and get 3-stars in every level.Not much to complain about, except that the achievements are kind of badly done - there's none for 3-starring the ultimate and hardcore levels, and there's one for just grinding a lot!"
76561198380188838,Recommended,310790,31757158,Posted: 14 May,all,Chains-,This game is freaking insane. Not sure where that game was all my life lol.
76561198066151417,Recommended,310790,28764716,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,omgpop4real,"Fun, slick, and addictive. The new game modes are fantastic. Why isn't this game more popular?!"
,Not Recommended,310790,22647512,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,DrakeFox,"I like Geometry Wars. It took the gameplay of Robotron and expanded it, while at the same time simplifying it.The action was frentic. The enemies, while simple in their AI, had a tendency to gang up on you and cause your inevitable demise. And games usually lasted short time enough that you could always just restart to have one more go at the high score.Geometry Wars: Galaxies for the Wii expanded upon this by adding different shaped levels, medals to set you some goals and some mutators like certain types of waves in the levels to give you some variety over the classic Retro Evolved.I hear Geometry Wars 2 did rather well as well, adding game concepts like checkpoints or bubbles in which you need to stay in order to shoot. Expanding on the original to add some flavour.And now there's Geometry Wars 3. The main draw over GW2 seems to be the 3D angle, it's right there in the title. The graphics look a lot more futuristic and flashy. Gone are those silly vectorlike wireframes. Hello flat shaded 3D backgrounds, blurry lighting effects. The works.Sadly this is what really soured the experience for me. The art looks really good, especially in motion. But instead of the lines coming together to form newly spawned enemies, you just get a faint intensifying glow before the enemy is there. Instead of having a good view of the playfield, suddenly you're limited in how far you can see, especially on the cubes and spheres where enemies will seemingly out of the blue turn a corner and ram into you, because the camera wasn't showing you that angle.At its heart, this game is very much an extension on Geometry Wars. With game modes from GW2, and slicker graphics. But for me it just turned to frustration to once again get spawnkilled by a powerup because I missed the slight glow. Or to get run into by an enemy coming around the corner I was moving towards. The third dimension, for as awesome as it seems, almost completely ruins the game for me.80% of the deaths I died felt like a graphical gotcha. I died not because I lost track of where the enemies were, not because I stupidly wandered into something because i was looking at where I was, or because the enemies had surrounded me. I died because of something I didn't have a chance to see before it was too late. Or because I missed a bit of coloured light in the middle of multicoloured explosions.It's a pity really. I really wanted to like this game, and on the flat levels this game is almost as much fun as the old incarnations of the game. But as it is I can't recommend getting GW3. Go play the old ones instead, they're hard enough without falling back on optical trickery to kill you."
,Recommended,310790,13152652,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Error 454,A natural evolution for the Geometry Wars series and everything I'd want in a sequel. 4-player co-op is a total blast. Possibly one of the greatest arcade games ever made.
,Recommended,310790,14176246,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,FaTe-,"Hey, it's pretty good."
76561198008895695,Recommended,310790,15688151,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Vondoan,Fun game. Dual joystick pretty important.
76561197968051276,Recommended,310790,15722295,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ScuzzBuster,"Somehow manages to be superior in every way to the first two installments, which were damned near perfection themselves.  Best value on Steam at the moment."
,Recommended,310790,15736310,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Old Man Reactions!,10/10 would play 10 coop levels again.
76561197972734792,Recommended,310790,25673722,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Grampire,"This game is hard-coded adrenaline.Bright lights, fast movements, lots of pixels exploding everywhere.  And lots of variation in modes and how that's done.Great game, absolutely addicted.  It's a nice way to spend a few minutes or a few hours.Excellent practice for trackpads on the Steam Controller; if you're trying to get used to using it this game helps TREMENDOUSLY."
,Recommended,310790,24567684,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,-Walsh,"Fun as an arcade game. But be warned, if you're a completionist and need to beat the game and 100% it, make sure you have a spare controller, because you're gonna be throwing your controller more than a pitcher throws a baseball"
,Recommended,310790,14853538,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,honorabili,Some people spent more time writing the review rather than playing the game. It's this simple: This is the second sequel to one of the greatest arcade style games of all time. If you like games with exponential difficulty and epilepsy warnings this is a game for you!
,Recommended,310790,13116040,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Dru_P,Here's a haiku called I love Pacifism mode:A finite tangoThrough a field of blue flowersTrapped in the corner
76561198046993344,Recommended,310790,13109809,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,l0rdr0ach,Was a big fan of the first 2 games and am now a big fan of  Dimensions. The soundtrack once again is amazing! The chaos and carnage is still there and now with awesome boss fights!Play with a controller/joystick of some sort. Keyboard and mouse does not work as well with this game. I use an Xbox 360 contoller with a PC adaptor and it's great!
76561197970649200,Recommended,310790,14364608,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,danpaladin,"A great addition to the Geometry Wars series.This game really shines if you have a friend or two to compete with on the scoreboards.  Every level along the way automatically lists who has the best scores and even flags levels that someone's surpassed you on, making for a lot of ""Hey, when you get a chance go check the boards again"" kind of fun back-and-forth asynchronous multiplayer.Now battles take place on 3D objects and make for more visual chaos by causing ripples throughout it.They've included progression for weaponry as well as new powerups.  Definitely an evolution from before.  I'm impressed how these guys make it significantly better each time.Geometry Wars classic has basically been redone and included in this as well, if you delve into the minigame area.If you like twinstick shooters, this one should satisfy."
76561198007556125,Recommended,310790,15191741,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,kaworu,Best twin stick shooter on steam. Very competitive and arcade style.Many modes and levels.Great visuals and controls.
,Recommended,310790,13908205,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ZonalFear,A game where you shoot random shapes with a ship that is itself made of shapes. It's sooo pretty. Lot's of Michael Bay moments with shapes blowing up and so many 'sploshuns.8/8 Gr8 m8s.
76561197960339937,Recommended,310790,13126982,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,MimoMa,Best twin stick shooter hands down
76561198010097850,Recommended,310790,13086926,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,John Wick's Pup,Saw someone play pacifism.Played it.Can't stop.Send help.
,Recommended,310790,13105056,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Rodekill,"One day a black vortex opened up in the middle of a farm in Manitoba. This vortex seemed innocuous at first. Nothing seemed to be happening. The farmer had made a small sum charging people to come see it, but people got bored. ""Hey, that's a boring vortex."" they would say. So they let it be, sitting there quietly humming.It would be years before we discovered the horrifying truth. The vortex was in fact syphoning all colour from our video game entertainment. We didn't notice at first because the 1990's had brought a shameful bout of ""Grimdarkness"" to our media, and so we attributed this lack of colour in games to words like ""gritty"", and ""Batman"". We were fools. FOOLS!Luckily someone did notice, and that person was Sierra, who is not actually a person. They are an old video game company that died and was mysteriously revived from the grave. It is a strange ghoulish version of Sierra, some would say it no longer has any humanity due to the lich lord that resurrected it, however the ghoul Sierra has seemingly brought with it a gift from beyond the grave. They brought with them a new game... a special game that contains All The Colours.Yes, be warned, for while this game will finally let loose the missing colours thought destroyed by the Grimdarkness, your fragile mind may not be able to maintain sanity in the presence of such vibrance. Your dulled senses could fry when forced to interpret information such as red and orange. You may witness greens and blues. There will be pink.A great gift has been bestowed upon us... but are we capable of handling it's power? Tune in next week to find out.Case closed."
,Recommended,310790,13116989,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,maplesyrupghost,"It's everything I thought it could be and more.If you are a fan of the series, this is a must-own title.  If you are new to the series, and like twin-stick shooters, this is the ultimate.The have the graphics all polished up and levels are now fully-3D, I never played Geometry Wars 2 but coming from the first one I must say it's nice to see so much could be done while maintaining the graphical style of the original.The game, in my hour or so playing, has been flawless.  I like how I can turn on my 360 controller AFTER the game is running and it will detect it without rebooting the game.  It's the little things like that where you can tell they went the extra mile to make it the definitive experience.My favorite part is the leaderboards.  It's your usual leaderboard scheme where you can see the top of the global charts, where you position in the global scheme (per level), or see how you rank up against your friends.  This makes replayability time basically infinite.  I see it a lot on Steam games so it's not a new concept but to see it on the game was a welcome sight.Local multiplayer sounds incredible.  Can't wait to try it.I don't see a ""Steam Cloud"" badge on the store page here, I'll do a test to see if I can resume my progress from another machine.  If not, that would be one disappointing aspect.Overall, if you are a die-hard and pay full price, you will get your money's worth.  If it ever goes on sale, do not hesitate."
,Recommended,310790,16683452,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,tejbz,This game is like crack for gamers. I love it!
,Recommended,310790,15642978,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Fudo Myo,"Without a doubt, the best twin stick shooter ever made. There, I said it. This game has usurped Super Stardust HD’s throne. The various drones and supers you can upgrade create a variety and freedom of choice unparalleled in any other twin stick. The developers have clearly gone back to the drawing board again and again to wring out every possible level variety they could imagine – you will not find the same basic arena over and over in this game, no siree. Enemy variety is abundant enough, as well – you will learn to hate some and taunt others. Plus, boss fights!I admit, I was frustrated with the level progression until they nerfed it in a recent patch, and now the game is perfect. There is massive replay potential in the variety of loadouts you can choose, and going for three stars in every level will keep you challenged for a long while. I haven’t even tried the co-op yet – looking forward to it. Not to mention, the graphics are gorgeous – pay close attention as the levels morph into gridlined 3D maps at every start. The music is pure pulse-pounding techno goodness, as glittery as the neon-soaked graphics.  This game oozes polish.To top it with a cherry, the devs have thrown in modes that ape the previous entries in the series all for free, basically giving you the entire series in one game. How cool is that?If you are new to twin stick shooters, look no further. If you are fan of the series already, you must be playing it right now rather than reading this.This is the best shooter on Steam. Hearing that robotic voice intone “bonfire” as you grab a super and hose off every enemy on the screen into neon shards is one of the most satisfying moments in instant-gratification gaming ever.  Enjoy!"
,Recommended,310790,15291258,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Nexovus,"I had been waiting a looooong time for this! I was addicted to Retro and 2, AND FINALLY CAN PLAY ON THE PC!! Looks crazy even across 3 monitors (though the action happens on your primary). I personally wanted to recreate Geo Wars for the PC because I felt like it just needed to happen, but they did a hell of a better job than I would have!"
76561198058069187,Recommended,310790,14292585,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Gladys Maria,"This is a buggy game the fullscreen mode is broken but you can fix it by playing borderless window mode.With that out of the way this is really good and is one of the first full priced games i have bought in a while,the graphics look great with smooth controls and many modes my favorite as been the campaign mode.Should you buy it depends if devs who don't listen wind you up enough not to support them i will give them the benefit of the doubt this time it's the first geometry wars i have played and i have had a blast,if they patch it i will rewrite this review but from the look of the forums its been 2 months and not one patch,the leaderboards have also been hacked to death which is a shame on a game like this were the score is the main factor,i just use my friends highscore list all three of us who own the game lol which is still better than looking at the hacks of lowlifes.7\10 if it gets a patch i can see a 9\10 easily.Edit: The patch came yesterday the 24hz resolution problem is fixed and they have added 40 new levels plus more game modes new enemies and bosses,get this game if you were on the fence it is awesome 9\10 :)"
,Recommended,310790,13129666,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Waffle Smasher,"A very good and worthy update to GW2:RE, enough ""retroness"" to have some nostalgia of the previous games but also brough bang up to with new graphics and 3d boards. i would like to see the classic modes be playable on the new 3d boards though."
76561197995726636,Recommended,310790,15678594,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Z3R0B4NG,"Geometry Wars is probably the best game series that came from Xbox 360 to the PC.just make sure to have a dual analog gamepad for it.highly addictive, combines retro arcade ideas with modern visuals."
,Recommended,310790,15679818,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Cthulhuke,"I am giving this game 3/3 stars, since I can't get them. Most fun I've had since Galaga."
,Recommended,310790,15708384,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lambientan,"Write a review? Pfff... this game does not need a review. Just buy.... No, shut up and buy this game, just do it."
76561198065433586,Recommended,310790,15726859,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TheRealNorr,"I liked it alot. challenging game with very good graphics, alot of stages wich is good, cant say too much because i havent finished the game yet but i definley recommend this game, alot of fun.My rating is 9,9/10 not perfect but eextremley good"
,Recommended,310790,22420200,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,EV1L_SQRL,they crammed this into like 100MB. HOW.
,Recommended,310790,13091176,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Fletch,"Great game, highly addictive, visually stunning.  Runs great for me.  If you liked the original GW then you'll love this!"
,Recommended,310790,20905056,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Shami,"Geometry Wars 2 is one of the best score attack, twin stick shooters ever made.Geometry Wars 3 is just as good."
,Recommended,310790,15169239,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Reddy,Sweet jesus my eye sockets.10/10
,Recommended,310790,35032877,Posted: 17 September,all,anonaminimum,One of my favorite games of all time! Oh so many high scores and oh so many more to come.  I was a little sceptic about this version but it grew on me quick.
,Recommended,310790,15975274,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,StormFuror,One of the best twin stick arena games! If you enjoyed Waves or any of the previous Geometry Wars games buy this game now!! If you never tried a game like this you should fix that and buy this and Waves!
76561198034008455,Recommended,310790,13143172,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ener,"Do you like the original? buy it! This game has much more variety. Only thing that I find dissapointing is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ music, so I play my own instead! =D"
,Recommended,310790,13134819,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Bel,"If you have played any of the others, then you have to get this. I wasn't sure about hte introduction of 3D grids, but they work and they have most of hte old modes on 2D grids in classic mode. No Sequence though, or local co-op but hopefully those are added in soon.The game is amazingly fun and amazingly addictive."
,Recommended,310790,13099753,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Burgernaut,"I've been playing this game for several hours and i'm able to say some stuff:The game itself it's a gaming-gym.Nope, you won't lose weight with this but you will undoubtedly acquire an extremely better peripheral vision.What does all of that mean?Well, it means that if you are bad at MOBA's and FPS's youMIGHTget better. I highly recomend this game to people who want to improve their WASD-Mouse Skills (For keyboard players) or their Thumbstick Skills (For controller players). If it's on sale give it a try since it won't cost much, it's already cheap in it's normal priceThe goodIt's EXTREMELY fun.It'sFREAKING COLORFUL.IT'S CHEAP.It's not a 5mins game.It's one of those games that you won't get bored with.It's a good game to play when your internet dies.The badSince it's only 50levels long ITS FREAKING HARD at some points.It's not a game that you will finish it in 30 mins, you will spend hours."
76561198277247864,Recommended,310790,33740589,Posted: 23 July,all,Flameheart,The music of this game is extremely exciting
76561198041445382,Not Recommended,310790,16650605,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Xadnem,Good game in singleplayer.The extremely limited online multiplayer options are a dealbreaker.
,Recommended,310790,13081359,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,shutnag,A whole new version of Geometry Wars with an added layer of frustration.
,Not Recommended,310790,13132373,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ol' Farty Jay,"Not the same kind of experience as the previous two.All of the new modes are trapped within the adventure mode, and you need to grind through them in a specific order to unlock them. The other reviews will tell how difficult it is to progress through the first batch.The progression system fosters more of a sense of ""oh crap I didn't get a good enough score to move on"" or ""about time I got that score"" rather than the ""ooh I didn't beat my highscore, better try again"" or ""wow that's a great score!"" that GW 1 and 2 had.If you need progression systems to feel like you've accomplished something in a game, then GW 3 will do you just fine. But if you're self-confident enough to simply get better enough for the sake of getting better, than do NOT buy this game. It will take all the intrinsic motivation right out.First thoughts:I'm one of those people who has always wondered why each game in a series doesn't have every single option or gamemode the previous one had. It bothered me tremendously when halo 3 didn't have any variant of blood gulch.I feel kind of the same with this game; Geometry Wars 3 seems to have omitted some things which I considered central to the second game.As far as new content, Geometry Wars 3 has the 3-dimensional playing spaces, such as spheres or peanut shaped things of some sort. That's neat, and I'm interested to play them all. However, the game is trying to get some sort of campaign/unlock system implimented, which I honestly thoroughly despise. Instead of just having a menu where you choose which gamemode and which shape you want to play on, you need to progress one by one through various combinations of game type/shape in the ""adventure mode."" I used to be excited to play on these new shapes, but I in NO WAY wanted to ever have to unlock anything in a Geometry Wars game. Now I have to. I'll be playing the game anyway, but now it feels like a chore, and will probably take away a lot of the intrinsic value I originally got from simply playing.Co-op options such as one player piloting and the other shooting are missing, and again, you need to progress through an adventure mode before you have any control at all over what game type/shape you play co-op on. I find this irritating because I have really always considered this franchise to be an arcade-style dual stick shooter, and now it feels more like a mobile game. It even implements the star system from angry birds or cut the rope.It seems there's no way to do custom games modes of any kind, which is annoying considering that there's so many different factors now. Instead of just gamemode, you also have different geometric shapes to play on. When combined with the original 5 gamemodes, it seems like a no-brainer to just have a menu to select shape, select game, and get going. Granted, you can unlock many of these different combinations by playing through the main adventure mode, but working for it takes some of the joy out of it for me. You COULD play any of the 5 game modes from Geometry Wars 2 in ""classic"" mode, but you can only play on the classic rectangular playing field. So that's a waste of my time. I already own Geometry Wars 2 and frankly it works better.The UI is clunkly and needlessly slow, and I think that the art style is a bit distracting. Honestly I don't like it, but that's just a personal thing. I miss the vector lines and the way I felt like I was in cyber space in the original two games. Everything is too blue now and the parts of the grid on the playing field change color to make it look like it's ""reflecting"" or something. It just clutters the screen.TL DR: there's a progression system in a game I don't really think needs one, and the only step forward (3 dimensional playing fields) seems to have forced a step back in a few other areas. It's still geometry wars. But it's basically the same geometry wars I owned on xbox, with all my favorite features removed.6/10 only because the elements it kept from the previous games are still fun."
,Recommended,310790,15174349,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,SoulShepherd,"Excellent arcade game.  Easily 15 hours of satisfied game play make this worth the money.  If you like arcade games, then this has fantastic replay value."
,Recommended,310790,15214470,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,jwp,"Without a doubt the best incarnation of Geometry Wars yet. The icing on the cake here is that the most recent content update added a mode that more or less 100% emulates the O.G. Geometry Wars 1 from the old xbox days, and while I love my updated modes, being able to play the classic with the new graphics system is pretty great. If you like Geometry Wars at all, you'll love this game."
76561197970747162,Recommended,310790,15079038,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Robot Monster,The graphics are wonderful and the gameplay has the zen spirit of the original.A worthy successor.
76561197963692483,Recommended,310790,13086847,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,GameHat,"Fantastic.  I really liked GW: Retro Evolved though I was late to that game and never got very good at it.  Skipped GW:2.  GW3 adds a lot of depth, but still has the insane flow of GW:RE.  I've been playing it all night, great game.  Only things I would have liked to see:1)  Original GW:RE soundtrack.  The remixed one for the retro type is good, but the GW:RE track is still best2)  Sound cues for different enemy spawns - they're still there, but get a bit lost in the mayhem.  Maybe I just need more time with the game to recognize them quickly?3)  Ability to automatically generate a replay video - for YouTube or otherwise.  I've been FRAPSing my runs, but it seems like an automatic replay video that was shareable from within the game would have been easy to do, and neat.Nitpicks, though.  I really like the ""Adventure"" mode, and the classic mode still feels great and I get the same zen feeling while frantically dodging and shooting at masses of triangles.Highly recommended."
76561198080801417,Recommended,310790,13086888,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ZeaNuan,This game is awesome.... But Why??1. Excited theme2. Nice retro music3. Can spare your time to play this even 10 mins4. Can play with your friends5. Increase adrenaline runningThis is AWESOME BUY ONE AND PLAY EITH ME ^^
,Recommended,310790,16379713,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,InfinityGene∞,"[Gameplay aspect] It's truely an amazing gameplay experience. Growing up with the original Geometry Wars was something I could remember and when I found out there was going to be a 3rd game, the reaction on my face was out of this world (In a good way of course). I find myself to enjoy anything that rains bullets on anything and Geometry Wars 3 lives upto to its past reputation. Amazing.Unfortunately, it's currently being ruined by players who wish to cheat their own score just so they can be the best (In their own minds). So I'm just playing it casually at the moment until they sort that out. It was fun years ago with leaderboards and highscores but with this generation of 'pathetic simpletons', we can't experience that 'as much as we did' all those years ago.In the end, I care about the gameplay and I have to give my full recommendation to whoever considers purchasing it."
76561198179974283,Recommended,310790,24528551,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,fredex,"I don't know how it took me so long to realise this had been ported to PC. It's great to play through it all again but unfortunately the leaderboards, the main point in the game, appear to just be rife with hackers. On the Xbox I managed to get highscores which were top ten several times but on PC it appears to be impossible. After getting a top 50 score on one level which is a finite length due to the walls collapsing in on you it is clear that the scores which are in the billions are straight up impossible to achieve without hacking the game in some way.This ruins the fun quite a lot and means I am really just competing against myself. It is still fun but it would be far more satisfying if they got rid of all the people exploiting it."
,Recommended,310790,22779716,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,charlietakethetrench,"oh the memories, playing original geo wars on xbox and then geometry wars 2. so many good times. I could hardly believe my eyes when I saw GW3. this game takes it all to a whole new level. amazing 3D maps, unlockable upgrades like the drone, boss levels!! holy amazeballs! it's an LSD trip into a TRON-esque trip of space invaders. all without taking drugs. buy this game, it's awesome solo, with your friends, all the time!"
,Recommended,310790,22716121,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,GuyDude,"I find the single player challenging but very fun, multiplayer on the other hand isnt as fun. There are only 2 modes both of which are team based and you actually face different enimies than your opponents which is sort of weird. I really wish there was a co-op adventure/survival mode, that is what I was looking forward to and expecting but did not get. overall though the game is pretty fun."
,Recommended,310790,22773268,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,CuttingEdge,"A lot of fun, especially from a multi-player point of view. Works best with game-pads."
,Recommended,310790,22715999,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,victimsofretail,"My Global Rank is a higher number than the score of my very best run...and I STILL love playing this! lol Your gun and your self can both go in 4 directions, all along a 3 dimensional plane...keeps you on your toes, so to speak....and absolute blast to play :)"
,Recommended,310790,13091101,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mundungu,"This game is basically a mix of GW: Galaxies and GW2, with a bunch of 3D levels added in.  There is a ton of variety in the levels, so each high score hunt is different.  Everything (except Sequence) from Geometry Wars 2 is in the game, so GW2 is  technically finally on Steam!  Definitely highly recommended!"
,Recommended,310790,14339706,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Cody,"This game is well worth the money spent for it. It is extremely addicitive, especially when you have friends to challenge against in the leaderboards. If you have a friend who has a better score than you, I swear to you, that you won't stop playing until their ranking is below that of yours."
76561198002509161,Recommended,310790,15009252,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,pyronox,"GET IT , NOW !  and NEVER GIVE UP  !!"
,Recommended,310790,13268507,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Bert,"I waited years for this, and now that I have it I want to do acid and play this game all day. 11/10 Would get again."
76561197970461575,Recommended,310790,13118329,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,leilanilad,"This game is... SO... DAMN... FUN!Seriously, Tempest X meets Robotron.Just... dude...  The polish over Geometry Wars 2 is stunning.Buy this game."
,Recommended,310790,13397999,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,bozrealis,Just so much god damn fun. Simple as that.
,Recommended,310790,14431168,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Nonbeing,"This game is what you would get if Asteroid ate a whole blotter sheet of acid and blew a dozen rails of speed in rapid succession.10/10 - this is a perfect game. It succeeds perfectly at being what it is supposed to be. There is nothing about this game I don't like, except the fact that I bought it shortly before I was supposed to go to sleep on a worknight, and it filled my veins with an adrenaline-fueled, visceral JOY that I haven't felt from simply playing a video game in a very long time... and now I am wide awake, and *thoroughly* addicted.A must buy for any fan of the genre(s) - arcade/retro, twitchy bullet-hell shooter, visually stunning abstract art style"
,Recommended,310790,15327642,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Dokvald,"Hmmm new level, I'll do my best. Starts slow, gets crazy. Finishes the level thinking I'm a god of shapes. ""Two stars? TWO STARS!?. No thats inpossible! I can do better, I can do better, I CAN do better!"" *clicks retry*....... Five hours later. 3 STARS "" YEAH ♥♥♥♥ YOU RANDOM SHAPES I AM YOUR MASTER!""RatingsVisuals: EyegasmSound: EargasmGameplay: ScoregasmReplayability: MoregasmPolish: ShinygasmControls: 1:1 perfect (I ran out of gasm based puns, damnit what did you expect)"
,Recommended,310790,14852297,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Glass,"For the negative reviews complaining about the adventure mode and want the simple pick up and play of the prior iterations:It's called the Classic Mode.  Within are the same modes from Geometry Wars 2.With that out of the way, if you've enjoyed either of the first two games, this is a no brainer to pick up."
,Recommended,310790,13089895,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dritzzka,"Do you wish to be the genocide of geometry?Well, if you answer yes. This game is for you.From the now resurected publisher Sierra, I had my doubts about this game. Most of which were washed away when I finally got around to picking this up. This is the game that you will always come back to. This is the game you just want ""one more crack"" at the highscore. Dry your eyes worry soul. The same addicting game is here in a more refined and complete package.In this version they revamped the visual style from Geomtry Wars 1 and 2. I had my personal distaste with the visuals of Geomtry wars 2. Most of my complains being, in motion, the visual style is alot harder to see things when enemies spawn on higher levels of play. The visual representation of 3 is alot easier on the eyes in motion and the inclusion of 3d playing fields is something I welcome ALOT.Now as far as gameplaymodes every thing is here from Geomtry wars 1 and 2 now with the inclusion of Adventure mode. Adventure mode being a 50 level challenge mode where you test your skills to complete in various game modes and boss fights(It saves progress too). YES this version includes Boss fights similar to those found in Super Star dust HD(on PS3).All in all, if you're a fan of shmups or arcadey games of yesteryears you owe it to yourself to give this game a try. You might, keep coming back."
76561197969417125,Recommended,310790,14940190,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,G00N3R,"Geometry Wars 3 is a twin stick shooter, which is a genre that I have to admit I'm not very experienced with. I played the original on Xbox 360 but that's about it, so I can't really compare the mechanics to other games, but I've mostly enjoyed my time with GW3 so far.Its quite a simple game, with no story to speak of. The player controls some kind of spaceship and has to shoot a variety of differently coloured enemies while trying to earn a high score. Destroyed enemies will leave behind ""geoms"" which can be collected to increase the score multiplier. You die instantly if anything touches you and there are usually dozens of enemies on screen at a time, so its all about learning the movement pattern and speed of each enemy type, to avoid them.There are 50 levels in adventure mode, which give you star ratings based on your score. Bosses are locked until you earn enough stars on previous levels, which normally I would consider to be a cheap way of extending a game, but GW3 gets away with it because most levels only last 2-3 minutes so replaying them isn't a massive inconvenience. There are also 5 ""classic"" modes that only have 1 map each, so their only goal is to set a high score.The controls are designed to work best with a gamepad, so I used my 360 controller. You move with left stick and aim with right stick, and have super weapons on the two triggers which can be used a couple of times per level. You've got a supernova that instantly destroys everything on screen, and one other which the player chooses from a range of options. I liked the homing missiles because when the action gets really crazy, I didn't want to worry about aiming. I tried the mines and black hole but didn't really find a good use for them.You can also choose between several drones that fly around and help you. The attack drone shoots enemies, and is useful when you need a bit of extra firepower, but I mostly used the drone that automatically collects geoms because the score multiplier is absolutely essential for earning stars.The big feature for GW3 is the 3D design of the levels. While it looks impressive, it can sometimes have a negative impact on the gameplay. What I found is that many enemies spawn in places I couldn't see, so on small maps, fast moving enemies could kill me before I could react, and on large maps that have a time limit, hunting for an unseen enemy wastes valuable seconds.The music is a good match for the fast paced action and I didn't notice any major bugs. Value for money is good. I finished the adventure mode in around 8 hours, and genre fans could probably spend countless more hours chasing high scores on the leaderboards for every map. And just before I was ready to post this review I've seen an article on IGN saying more levels will be released as a free update towards the end of March.Overall I think Geometry Wars 3 is a pretty good game, and worth checking out if you're in the mood to just turn off your brain, relax, and shoot stuff."
76561198034386536,Recommended,310790,25389666,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,drshorty03,This is a great game to sit down for a few minutes of fun-filled action.
,Recommended,310790,22422090,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Imaproshaman,"I've only just barely played the game for about 2 hours and let me tell you. It's great. If you like top-down fast-paced action-adventure dual-stick-shooters, then this is a game for you. (The only complaint is that this is probably the only game I've played so far, to actually give me an almost headache, but that's probably just me.) So, in short, this game is fast paced shooting, with no mercy, tons of game modes, and hours of entertainment. I'd totally recommend it. Plus, it's cheap!"
76561198011832401,Recommended,310790,27342050,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Delirium,"So i dont generaly do game reveiws hoever this game is so deserving of a thumbs up that i cant recomend it enough. the base game has you going through a adventure, experiencing many game types and five challaging bosses, whilst upgrading drones which you can take one with you on a battle and supers witch allow you to do a mega effect like spawn a black hole or homming. However as i have just realised the content that is actualy here. there a bonus levels, a ultimate level set for once you have done with the main track and a hardcore witch is definatly staying true to its name. All in all this game is worth every cent and i have had more fun with it than any tripple a shooter in years."
,Recommended,310790,13481644,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Razgreez,This is literally the best twin stick shooter I have ever played in my entire life and I have spent a good portion of my life searching for decent twin stick shooters.
,Recommended,310790,28633871,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DudeMcPunchy,"I played the original back when the XBOX was a thing, hidden in PGR2 in the back of the garage was a gem calledGEOMETRY WARS, it had no music but that game was my jamThe game has evolved so much since its first itteration, its beautiful, gameplay is solid, level design is nice and this game is absolutely brutal with its scoring system, I whole heartedly recommend this game if you want a challenge."
,Recommended,310790,16652113,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Zane,"Super fun game to kill some easy time. Various different modes and maps with lots of enemies which keeps the gameplay interesting and challenging. Combine that with nice audio and beautiful graphics and you get a stunning game like this. I tried to play with keyboard and mouse which isn't too tedious but I do prefer to use my controller since that's way easier.I Highly suggest this game to people who want to complete challenges and high scores with their friends, or who just want a fun casual game to kill some time. And if you have a controller, the better!"
,Recommended,310790,13093695,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,BRoKe_Ass_Retro,"I have been a Geometry Wars fan since the day it released on Xbox Live Arcade. I have bought and played every version on every console and it's got to be one of the top 3 arcade games of all time in my opinion. I can recommend this to anyone that likes Geometry wars even though i do have a few issues with the game but they are just nitpicks because overall the game is fantastic. I do wish that they would have made it more like Geomety Wars Galaxies for Nintendo DS which is the best release to date imo. This is simmilar in a lot of ways but i sitll believe that the DS release is the top GW game out. Adventure mode is fun but the timed stages i'm not to fond of, i'm more of a classic style guy, give me 3 lives and let me go at it but it's still not enough to hurt the gameplay. You get to unlock support drones after beating bosses and upgrade them along the way which is one of my favorite features taken from GW Galaxies. Besides aadventure mode there's a ton of other game types to play including classic, coop and bouns stages. I'm still new to the game so there is stuff i have yet to try out but so far this game is the bees knees. Cop it, load it, play it, shoot stuff."
76561198018395570,Recommended,310790,33829355,Posted: 27 July,all,sms,"It is one of, if not the best arcade I've ever played"
,Recommended,310790,34567991,Posted: 28 August,all,Celengaar,Amazing finale on the gw series. The Fonz approves.
,Recommended,310790,16332602,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Xandumas |DHF| 悪の 妄想,Not a game to play when you're high.
76561198040519147,Not Recommended,310790,35357356,Posted: 30 September,all,Lodrak,I really like this game but theres problems this game is plagued by. First off is Map design. There is some maps which really shouldnt be in the game. Its those pesky square formed maps. More precisely its those with sharp angles between planes. Its nice that the edges are soft but it doesnt really solve the problem. When you use a camera which is using perspective projection theres bound to be angled planes which cant be shown. That is fine as long as they arent adjacent to the plane you are on.  Because that creates situation where you go from one plane to another and get insta killed from enemies who you couldnt see or predict they were there. For example I shot to plane I plan to go to and I expect there arent any there but right when I go there spawns one and I get instakilled. This is the second problem spawning enemies. This is less of a problem and more of a difficult aspect of the game. The problem is that enemies spawn and you happened to ignore it and where were it spawned and got killed. Its a bad feeling knowing enemies can spawn right under you and you cant help it for example if you get swarmed or something else. Luckily you can deal with it with a limited blast. I think the better solution would be to make it not possible for example by delaying or make the spawn pushable. If you think this is wrong tell me why? If you are of the same mind tell me if there is something else which is also bothering you?
,Recommended,310790,13085445,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,[DRev] GIraffes,"Fantastic game.Graphics are trippy and have a nice vector look to them. Traditional Geometry Wars leaderboards. More game modes. Right amount of difficulty and fun. Well worth 15 dollars.Make sure to force Vsync off in your graphics control panel (nvidia, or catalyst) if you want to remove mouse lag and fps cap."
76561198002124849,Recommended,310790,15679057,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Fou-Lu,"Has all of the modes from the previous games included in ""Classic"" form plus 113(!) stages as of the writing of this review.$10? So worth."
,Recommended,310790,13496639,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Qwikstreet,"This is a wonderful addition to the Geometry Wars line. I've played and owned them all including PGRS where GW showed up as a mini game in one's garage. I've spend countless hours in this franchise and the timer keeps on ticking away. The best part of this game and the main reason for replayability was always the leaderboards. Especially when I have localized friends that were good and we held weekly score challenges. I'm still waiting for my real life friends to pick this up on Steam but, in the meantime, I am building up a Steam friend list that loves this game as much as I do.I have not run into many bugs or issues like some other players. The only complaint I can come up with is matchmaking takes forever and does not offer a lot of settings to tinker with and make custom games. The forever part is mostly due to the low numbers playing the game when I do, so I don't fault the game.The price is kind of high compared to the cost of past GW titles. It was a no brainer for a GW veteran to slap down the $ but for a rookie, they may think twice if it is worth it. Let me tell you rookie, it is worth it."
,Recommended,310790,13117216,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,MilkySteak,I just played the game for 8 hours straight. I think my wrists are broken. Send help.But seriously if you liked the previous GW games then buy this right now.
76561198071421958,Recommended,310790,19778224,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,eternal jape,Nice twin stick shooter with loads of content!
,Recommended,310790,19300819,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,sad,fun as ♥♥♥♥ with seizure mode colors
76561198072230218,Recommended,310790,13150630,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ezradekezra,"This game has great graphics, and many great modes. It is compatible with those controllers that you can plug into your device, but the controller must have joysticks, however, you don't have to use one. The fact that there are 3d levels in adventure mode means that there is a whole new level of fun."
,Recommended,310790,13152669,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","Basically the definition of twin stick shooter mixed in with bullet hell, Lots of levels, quite a few different modes which all change up the win condition a bit, and boss levels, all fun."
,Recommended,310790,13082558,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Kumat Mhebro,If you were part of the 360 masterrace you know that Geometry wars has always been 10/10.no other indie/arcade game could compete with this. Do yourself a favor and get it.
76561198031442635,Not Recommended,310790,23116880,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Captain Hack Cubit,"A long time ago, I bought Geometry Wars Galaxies for the Nintendo DS. I absolutely loved it. It did everything right, and let me tell you using a stylus to shoot did not make things easy, especially for a lefty.Years later, I bought this game (shortly after its release if I remember correctly). It was a decent price and I knew the graphics would have my eyes sparkling and my mouth puking rainbows. And I was right. Visually, this game is absolutely stunning. The many game modes and three-dimensional levels make it a huge step forward from Galaxies. Plus now my drone has awesome special attacks (called supers), and Super States give me a chance at getting a huge edge, if only very briefly.So why can't I recommend this game?It's a lot of things, but it mostly boils down to the fact that in this game, death means that you have to restart the level, either because (depending on the game mode) you only have a single life, or because while you have infinite lives, you have an extremely short time limit. Combine these issues with the following:- Enemy spawn animations are very brief and easy to miss, especially when you're focusing not directly on your ship where they're spawning, but on the enemies you're currently shooting at.- A lot of the levels, due their 3-D design, give you almost no visibility around you.- There are many enemies whose speed makes them hard enough to dodge even when you can see them coming a mile away.It doesn't help that you need those impossible-to-earn stars to actually progress through the game's single-player adventure mode.In short, while the action is fast-paced and gorgeous, I can't recommend a game that has you spending hours on end just to make next to no progress. It would have been nice to include a few levels that worked like Galaxies, where you start with three lives, one bomb, one super, and can earn more of each by scoring enough points. The complete removal of this game mode (and mentality) has left me frustrated, and it's the type of game that ensures I'd get very, very fat if I had a swear jar (because I'd spend all that money on candy and ice cream)."
,Recommended,310790,13085768,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Kaffarov,"Just as good, if not better than the classics"
,Recommended,310790,13082487,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,wastelanderone,Do you like to shoot things? Do you like to chase high scores.Play it.Love it.
,Not Recommended,310790,14892972,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,marrow_c57,Fun but only for the single player. Almost all local multiplayer modes are no longer available. The local co op is a 10 level campain that is super quick to finish. If you want to play this game on the couch with your friends like you did with GW2 then don't get this game.
,Recommended,310790,14091366,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,❖Rick Sanchez❖,"Imagine if your kitchen faucet instantly erased everything from your dirty dishes and cookware, leaving them spotless.That is what this game is like."
76561198080799399,Not Recommended,310790,13244985,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,seblove,"Unfortunately for hardcore fans of the previous games, this version feels like utter garbage because you spend more time dying from rogue enemy spawns than actually escaping overwhelming situations. They created a mechanic whereby spawning enemies first show this spotlight thing on the map and then materialize a second later, often killing you on the spot even though you were shooting them but they happen to actually spawn right as you pass by. It feels cheap and frustrating, which sucks because the rest of the action is better than it's ever been. Done playing after an hour becaues of it though."
,Recommended,310790,13084291,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Shinsuke Nakamura,"So far, so good. I've only played the classic modes which pretty much means Geometry Wars 2 is finally on PC. Everything looks better and sounds better but the movement just doesn't feel as tight. That's my only complaint so far. It's so close to the greatness of the second entry but something about it just feels off. Don't get me wrong, it's not so bad that it's killing my enjoyment but for some reason the ship just feels a bit more sluggish than usual to control.That being said. Waves, Kings, Pacifism, Evolved. It's all here and it's just as good as it was years ago. I can't wait to dive into the new modes & multiplayer!Performance wise, I am noticing some odd FPS drops here and there. I'm running a 4790k/GTX970/16GB DDR3 so nothing should be dropping but I am. It's some minor stutter here and there. It's not enough to completely screw up the game because it happens really fast but you can notice it and it does hurt the flow a bit. The game is also locked to 60FPS so those with 120/144hz monitors keep that in mind (although I have read about a workaround using the NVidia Control Panel to unlock it).Oh and it has Borderless Window mode so if that's a thing you look for it has it! Always great to see that.EDIT:Adventure Mode doesn't seem to have the minor stutter at all. Odd, there is a lot more going on in that. The game is gorgeous too. So far adventure mode is great. It's not quite GW Classic but it has its place here. No complaints at all with that. Great game."
,Recommended,310790,20159623,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Glypha,"Pour one out for all the good shapes we lost in these senseless geometry wars.This game is the twin-stick shooter to beat. It is a treat of controls, visuals, audio, and difficulty. If I was forced to choose a small number of single player games to live with forever, this would be the admiral of the fleet. It's replay value is perfect. One stick moves, the other shoots. You have buttons for bombs, your basic panic button, and specials, which to me feel like sort of mitigation or back-up half-panic. In most modes killing enemies drops green pellets that you can pick up to increase your multiplier for sweet sweet points.You are some sort of sharp edged open pentagon thing. You shoot bullets at over shapes, each of which behave in their own unique neurotic way. Many blindly move abut paying no heed to you. Some bumrush you. My favorite are the green shapes, that are skittish and will run away when shot at. There are also a number of bosses, and the boss music is incredible to be sure. I still nod my head to it and jam out. There's multiplayer as well, for some pew pew.The aesthetic of this game is something like Tron, and there is this ague sense that this is all happening in some technological device. The music is great, and I wish there was more of it. I also wish there were more exotic geometries, as everything seems so Platonic and regular. Klein bottles? Eldritch higher dimensional planes? Anyone?"
,Recommended,310790,14706490,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Carolion,Like Geometry Wars? Love Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved? Get this. *pewpew*
,Recommended,310790,13117645,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Aeon,"Finally this game gets a sequel, but is it worth it?First of all, I really like this game but it's missing Retro Classic from the first Geometry Wars, and it needs more multiplayer modes and options. If these things can be corrected in an update then this game is definitely worth $14.99. As it is right now if you're a die hard Geometry Wars fan then you will be satisfied, if not I'd wait for a sale."
,Recommended,310790,13116103,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Safety Skull,"This game is a beautiful and rich take on the retro space shooter genre. With it's non-euclidian level design, geometry wars has you move around on the surface of many 3d shapes fighting enemies with a drone by your side for backup. There isn't much to say about the gameplay. It's a tried-and-true game type for sure with a wide variety of enemies of varying movement  and mechanics.What I really want to talk about is the art style! Gorgeous geometric neon lines on a space background with levels that bend and warp as you or your bullets glide over them like the very fabric of reality. Every character has recieved a 3d remodel since the last game and every inch of this game makes you feel as though you're fighting it out in a retro rendition of cyberspace. Another upshot to this type of visual style is that it takes up next to no disk space (the game's only 86MB!).Definitely worth your time and your money."
76561198004421245,Recommended,310790,14603175,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Didde,"In this review I'm focusing on comparing this game between Geometry Wars 2 so this review for you - like me - had tons of fun with the second one and are trying to figure out if this one is worth a buy.Why not compare to the first one? Because the second one was for me a direct follow up, improving the first one and not so many added features. This one should be approached as something completely different - mostly...Geometry Wars 3: Dimension introduces ""dimensions"", which is not as fun as it sounds. Instead of shooting these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ flying alien geometry-forms in a fenced rectangular area, you are doing the same but on 3D objects (/maps), sometimes a wavy format of the ""original"" rectangular map.Don't get me wrong here, the concept is good, but in practice this get annoying to say the least. Problems like visability is encountered constantly on many, if not all maps. MAINLY because the map must always be just big enough so it can fit your screen, which often leaves out 40% of the screen for a wallpaper. And i get that if you don't have the ""shape"" of the map visible there would be problem to navigate. A fix to this could be to scale down everything on the map, but no, they have not even considered scaling anything down, maybe because of the PC-release with smaller monitors.Except from this the theme of ""dimension"" is within every inch of your screen from the moment you start the game which unfortunatly came in the way of the beautiful background on the second game and replaced it with a moving grid which is just one annoying thing that draws your attention away from the basic gameplay.You are (on every map i think) in this kind of pit or hole in the ground which is meant to reflect your impact on the surface of the map. I can go on for hours about these small details of theme-ruinment, but im not going to.Instead your getting a list of + and --The theme of the game penetrates and destroys even basic gameplay-Map layouts are mostly just a pain in the ***-Music is more unseemly-Spawn of enemies is more than ever overlooked and difficult to handle+Music is still good+You have and option for ""classic"" gameplay on original maps+Online is an awesome feature+Local still kicks a**ConclusionIs it better or worse? It's differentIs it worth a buy if you liked the first and second one? Yes"
76561198210370099,Recommended,310790,28549359,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,NewB_BewB,AWESOME GAME IF YOU CAN HANDLE IT!
,Recommended,310790,13224347,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,bat,they didn't keep the original sound/music guy for this one and they should have
,Recommended,310790,16542108,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,JellyBean,Best Game
76561198136426469,Recommended,310790,22443401,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,TheDonutPug,AMAZING GAME 10/10 IGN WOULD SHOOTER AGAIN
,Recommended,310790,15960663,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,SugarCookies,"zip zoom pow pow, 10/10 have fun trying to take a screenshot without being turned into space dust."
,Recommended,310790,13084083,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,[PAF] Super Meat Bro,"Fluid, collorful and addictive! Lots of replay value if you like to chase high score.Note that for now you need to put the resolution in fullscreen-windowed mode to get 60 fps."
,Recommended,310790,22814887,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Dahli,My favorite game.10/10
76561198072555350,Recommended,310790,25344397,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,huge472010,"Simple geometry, but amazing world.Raise the volume and feel the beat!!!!"
76561198042051964,Not Recommended,310790,34497596,Posted: 25 August,all,Durdles,"Why in the world does this not have co-op classic modes? I spent hundreds of hours playing pacifism with my buddies on Geometry Wars 2, and this...newer? version doesn't include it. It was, quite literally, the only reason I bought this game. Either ship the game with full co-op, or no co-op, not this frustrating weirdness."
76561198118275742,Recommended,310790,13154761,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,The Beardsley,10/10 Taught me more than my freshman geometry teacher
76561197978104997,Recommended,310790,13081933,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Kajichi,"Awesome game, but not as smooth and good to handle as GW Retro Evolved 2!"
76561198005235008,Recommended,310790,13153909,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Glych,Futher proof that the universe doesn't give a dam about how you feel.
76561197963530254,Recommended,310790,17901122,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,not-a-ninja,"The colors swirled in my mind long after the initial experience had waned. Trails of light danced across my mind's eye and faded from existence, into the dark endless void of my memories. I had been here before, in another time and place, but not quite like this.I recall a vision of a simpler time, when stages were 2D and there was only one large box shape to choose from. Enemies would spawn from all around, different colors and shapes each with their own personalities and behaviors. Yes, those were simpler times. But simpler times only give way to more advanced versions of themselves in the future, and the future is now!I began my journey back into the war of shapes and vertices, raging since the dawn of xbox360. My ship handled comfortably and was just as I had remembered... moving, shooting, and high energy disintegration bombs. But what's this? New and improved technologies have given me advanced weapons of war, multiple companion drones to choose from, each with their own deadly abilities. On top of that I had been given a second special attack slot, and an arsenal of fantastic devices to choose from.I jumped into the fray, determined to give these multifaceted miscreants a reminder of who I was. A veteran of the old war, bringing my enemy not only memories of defeat and despair, but the chance to experience these things all over again. At first it was a breeze, wave after wave of neon polygons fell to my superior prowess.A pattern of dots appeared on the map, shiny and chrome, glistening in the psychedelic hues that enveloped the world around me. Blaster fire proved an effective solution as usual, and I was rewarded with upgraded firepower. Now golden bolts of justice were being dispensed in all directions, the map was nearly mine. Retaliations were to be expected, and sure enough they appeared on the horizon. Glowing blue homing cubes, followed by more evasive green tesseracts converged from my starboard side. But as they sought to conquer my life I had found in me greater resolve to live, and my supercharged blasters had a wide enough spray to lay waste to them all. Are they even trying? Nothing can stop me now, their defeat is to me but a simple game.Suddenly I was aware that my vigilance had failed me, I was not in a game, I was in a battle for survival, and the slightest lapse of attention would be met with fatal repercussions. A tear in space-time opened in a nearby corner of the map. Out from that inter-dimensional orifice poured dozens of cancerous glowing peenises. Their neon blue heads throbbing and probing their environment for supple spacecraft to penetrate, their long red shafts, engorged with hatred and blood-lust trailing behind them. The others had all been attacking from one direction and lulled me into a false sense of confidence. I snapped back to reality only to click my smartbomb trigger and hear the sound many valiant souls before me had heard, the sound of doom, of the inevitable and immediate return to the void, ammunition depleted."
,Recommended,310790,14750555,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,"I got a A+ in Geometry, thanks to this game."
76561198080162892,Recommended,310790,13087239,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,MK_Alshammari,Acade modes are Awesome.advanture meh.
76561198060861144,Recommended,310790,13087844,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,DawnAnvil,"This game is amazing, epic 3D grid."
76561198006356481,Recommended,310790,13089697,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Gothmog,"Thanks for a great game. I new the PC version should out shine the iPad version, and this does by far."
,Recommended,310790,13081700,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,FarewellVHS,"If, like me, you only own previous titles on Xbox, then I'd recommend this for your PC collection. Although you can play on keyboard and mouse technically, don't even bother unless you have an Xbox or other high quality gamepad with analog sticks. Your score will be WAY higher on the gamepad.Honestly if you own Geometry Wars 2 already, $15 for this game is a hard sell since there isn't really that much new. Adventure mode is a just like a shuffle mode with warped maps of the different familiar gametypes with the occasional boss match. And the music is a lot worse than 2, in my opinion. The music here is more soft while 2 is more aggressive and cool sounding.I'd consider this a must buy though, overall, since my Xbox and Geometry Wars 2 is ultimately going to collect dust or be sold whereas my PC collection always stays with me :P"
,Recommended,310790,13081901,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,The Suit,"Geometry Wars has always been one of my favorite game series of all time. It is easy to pick up and play but difficult to master, which is a concept that I absolutely adore. That being said, I was excited to hear that there was going to be a new installment. However, does it live up to the previous installments?GW2 was in my opinion the best installment in the series. It brought new gameplay modes, updated visuals, and even tighter controls. I'm happy to say that GW3 delivers on all of that and takes it to the next level. There is a new adventure mode that breathes fresh air into the gameplay by introducing the first change to the playing field by having you play on a variety of different shapes. This also carries into the visuals which are as sharp as ever and are NOT for those with a history of epileptic seizures. The controls are even better than that in GW2, which is incredibly important in a game that is this fast paced and intense. As for the diffuculty, this is the easiest GW title for beginners to jump into yet, but it is still as maddening as ever. As I mentioned earlier, this game is easy to pick up and play, but to really start knocking down some higher scores you need to put some serious time into this game. So this game is not for the faint of heart, but I encourage you to not be intimidated.What are some things that I didn't like? There seems to be an issue with performance and optimization. I don't have the strongest system in the world (i3-2100, GTX 560 Ti, 14gb RAM), but it is more than capable to still run many modern games at 1080p at a smooth 60fps. Surprisingly, that is not the case with GW3. As important as tight controls are in this game, a steady framerate is important as well. I experienced frame drops that have led to me bumping into enemies and throwing off my groove. This is an issue that may not matter to some, but to people who have spent a lot of time with previous titles of this game, all of them will agree that a smooth framerate is incredibly important in this series. I was able to remedy the problem by disabling v-sync in my Nvidia control panel with little to no screen tearing as a result. A simple fix that to a problem I hope will be fixed in later patches. Aside from that, there is not much to hate here.So to go back to the question of whether this lives up to the previous titles in this series, I am happy to say that it does. It inludes the gamemodes that made the orginals so great, and builds upon that strong foundation into something fresh and new. Anyone who enjoyed the previous games in the series, particularly GW2, you will feel right at home with this title and have an absolute blast. In this humble casual gamer's opinion, a solid 9/10.Pros-Great new gamemodes (orginals included)-Beefed up visuals-Tight controlsCons-Perfomance/optimization issues"
,Recommended,310790,17609265,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Tar Bl O))) b,I like this game because it reminds me of my favorite movie Pixels. Adam Sandler RULEZ.
,Recommended,310790,21902849,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Bowser Jr.,"Geometry Wars is one of my favorite arcade-style games of all time.  I first played the original Geometry Wars back when it was a minigame inside of your Project Gotham 2 garage.  The series has ""evolved"" quite a bit since then.  There's plenty to do in Dimensions Evolved, as all past games are a subset of this game.  There's obviously plenty of new content as well, such as a single player campaign.  Who would have ever thought we'd see boss battles in Geometry Wars?Pros:+ Plenty of content+ Boss fights+ Level design+ Simple, yet complex gameplay+ Beautiful art style and visuals+ FPS free to hit my 144Hz capCons:- The music sort of annoys me (personal preference)Grade: A-"
,Recommended,310790,13144550,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SeannyyX,A beautiful game brought back with a whole new dimension; LITERALLY!Plus if you want to play the old classics from Retro YOU CAN!Get this game if you love Retro style games/shooting games/asteroidsMy advice though.. play this how it was intended.. with a controller. Keyboard controls are a bit off.
76561198079274463,Not Recommended,310790,25583397,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Mokona,"Nice game, but makes my pc crash every time i close it."
,Recommended,310790,14930546,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,gingernuggets,its fun arcade and casual
,Recommended,310790,13791584,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Trap Nasty,"This game is great. If you liked Geometry Wars 2 or if you like twin stick shooters in general, this game is right up your alley. It's easy to sit down and think about maybe playing ten minutes or so and then before you know it it's three hours later and you're still trying to beat your friend's high score.The game is challenging in all the right ways, it looks and sounds great, and the competitive aspect is done really well. If you were a fan of Geometry Wars 2 and you're worried about the fact that the original team didn't make this game, you can relax. Geometry Wars 2 is here in its entirety with the exception of Deadline in the ""classic"" mode of Geometry Wars 3. The adventure mode is also a fun addition and the 3D maps are actually pretty cool for the most part.If you like video games, you should buy Geometry Wars 3.Also you should probably use a controller to play because using a keyboard is rough."
,Recommended,310790,32003280,Posted: 27 May,all,Tetra,game makes your **** feel like its made out of concrete
,Recommended,310790,13425424,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Bricks,"I love it, i have been a fan since geometry wars galaxys. the only thing i am mad at the company for is the lack of conquest from galaxys"
,Recommended,310790,18388730,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,GozerGozerian,"Fantastic sequel, great new game modes and geometries.New game modes are fun and add complexity to the game, old game modes are still available though.Graphics are excellent, rewarding light show as you blast the baddies.No complaints, even the menu interface has a clean polished look."
,Recommended,310790,13658421,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,PapaGeorgio,"Best arcade shooter ever.  Such a well made game.  Love those classic modes, and the new adventure mode is very challenging."
,Recommended,310790,22348439,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,⎛⎝X e T a⎠⎞,"I'm planning to put a lot of hours into this game, but from what I can say, here it goes.I played this game on the Wii a couple years back, it was amazing. A retro shooter I played for long time. It had customazition and each wave of hostiles were different.With the Evolved version, and throwing in Dimensions into play, it's only better.The controlls and a bit hard to grasp seeing how there is no customization for it, but a gamepad would be the best way to go.Even in the arcade of this, it still holds the original game which brings back memories.I would highly recommend buying this game if you'd like to blast away at thousands of hostiles."
,Recommended,310790,13512690,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Katar,"Geometry Wars 3 is simplicity in its best way and proves that we Humans can be amazed by bright lights, flashing colors, and techno music. You basically control a little ship flying along  a 3-dimensional map while shooting brightly neon colored enemies and collecting small little gems(that the game calls ""geoms"") that increase your highscore and give you multipliers. Along the way you can defeat bosses(that are pretty interesting in their own right, and serve to break up the 'shoot this and get this score' pretty well), play other game modes(pacifism is my favorite) and play online.Geometry Wars 3 is a fun arcade style shooter with a colorful retro artstyle, great gameplay, and a pretty dope techno soundtrack, for 15$ it's a steal and would make a great gift for any gamer or steam user(if you've avoided getting your holiday shopping done until the last moment.)PROS:-Artstyle, the game just looks good-Soundtrack-Some of the best feeling arcade style controls I ever got from a keyboard and mouse.-Gameplay is immensely enjoyable, you don't even have to like video games to enjoy it since it's basically an arcade game(and everyone loves arcade games) My father and mother(who are both well into their 50's) were able to play this with ease and enjoy it because of how simple it is-Great use of 3D maps, the cylinder one is especially trippy and the first one most people run into that breaks up the gameplay so wellCONS:The game doesn't have much in ways of direct faults, but however things that should be noted and things I felt that could have been improved that aren't necessarily bad.-This game is very much a 'quckie game' this is not something you buy and expect to have a full varied expierence with or be able to play for a couple of hours. Geometry Wars 3 is something you boot up in windowed mode and play when you want to kill 30 minutes before closing it, and for 15$, that's ok.-After a week of playing and going through classic mode and all of the other game modes, the game becomes pretty boring. There's achievements and highscores, but that's it. Expect this game to start gathering dust in your Steam Library under your games that have much more meat to them after a month or so.-Whenever I played, no one was ever playing the online mode(up to you if this is a con or not, depending if you even care about online modes in games or not)Overall, I would give it a solid 8.5/10."
76561198208632453,Not Recommended,310790,33422059,Posted: 9 July,all,darthf,what could be good is let down by not being able tochange the key mappinguser options are near none existant game pad of keyboardw t f lazy development change the defaults to keyboardand you get a annoying press a ofr bf___ing lazy unpolished unfinished program
76561198247753444,Recommended,310790,23884893,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,l2ssi,Great game!
,Recommended,310790,14755170,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Steve Fox,Usually games start to get watered down as sequels come out. This is a great game that does not follow that trend at all. The new modes are a lot of fun. It plays great in Ubuntu 14.04. While the main ship doesnt seem to look much different. The shapes are now 3d looking and more than just lines and look great. Great game for some mindless twin stick action.
,Recommended,310790,16448168,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TheDarkWizard,Latest update is great! Game looks like on my playstation. And finally i'm happy to play in fullhd on my mac.
,Recommended,310790,15146857,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,unclepeyj,Awesome!
76561198040027211,Recommended,310790,16465474,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Wonderland,"Single player is a blast, the online multiplayer is lacking. There should have been a 3 life stock unlimited play mode for online multiplayer."
76561198168739666,Recommended,310790,34804643,Posted: 7 September,all,NaviTot,"I love it, perfect gameplay"
,Recommended,310790,13092454,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ParadoxPotato,"HAHA GEDDIT, '3: Dimensions' HAHAAHEHEHEHUHUHKEKEKEKEK"
,Recommended,310790,14680875,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,iky que,A perfect time killer.
,Recommended,310790,16750167,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sly Elliot,"Best Geometry Wars game in the series. 5x as much content as there was in the first and second game combined. Really great game for anyone who enjoys some fast paced, aesthetically pleasing, fun, and challenging arcade shooters."
,Recommended,310790,22692473,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,SPOOKYHAND,"while i have never played any old schools arcade style shoot-em ups or even the previous geometry wars games i found this game to be incredibly fun with hours of gameplay that can be easily played at your leisure. simple, fun and all around a great game.all in all this game is great, and even though i bought it on sale i would definitely have bought it full price if i had known how good it was."
76561197968638954,Recommended,310790,23966588,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,RastaFagian,10/10 would recommend just for the addition of blisters on thumbs IRL.
,Recommended,310790,16460774,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rptr04,"I've been a fan since the very first one. I've been playing this series for many years. I remember discovering Retro evolved and the original back on the xbox 360. The game series has had me hooked due to its extremely pleasing visuals and soundtrack parred with unique gameplay and challenges. This title by far is the most challenging -- especially in adventure mode and the introduction of bosses.A hidden gem of an arcade game reminscent of the classic asteroids game. This one is the best yet by far! It incorporates the best of all the Geometry Wars games across all the platforms (nintendo DS, xbox 360 variations) into this one package whilst still providing new gameplay, mechanics, challenges, bosses and so much more to the table both refined and new to the name Geometry Wars.If you've played any of the previous titles you'll instantly love this one and find all previous installments incorporated into this game.If you've never played any of the geometry wars titles before then grab this one! A must have for any arcade fan!"
76561198045809514,Recommended,310790,35378767,Posted: 1 October,all,moe_iou_nothing,"Love this game. Bunch of different modes. Classic 2D style Geometry Wars with my favourite mode ""Pacifism"" included!Easy to pick up, difficult to master. Basically you shoot the little shapes (""pew pew"") and they explode (""Noooo!"") and you get points (""Winner winner chicken dinner"").Also... Local co-op!10/10"
,Not Recommended,310790,23936264,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Actual Cannibal Shia LeBeouf,really? no coop classic modes? Big dissapointment
,Recommended,310790,13086386,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,hellstorm102,Its just so good..
,Not Recommended,310790,22425634,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Nerevar,"There's nothing really 'wrong' with the game but it feels like a step down from the second Geometry Wars. The camera acts weird (tilting with your movements, making it harder to track everything) and overall the graphical design looks worse. The moving cubic background just isn't good to look at. Gameplay feels more messy and you don't get those ""oh crap oh crap oh crap"" situations as you bob and weave a narrow escape like you got in the previous games.I wasn't really feeling the game and refunded it. Back to playing Geometry Wars 2 I guess."
,Recommended,310790,13101589,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Judgeitobox,"A worthy sequel... to Geometry Wars Galaxies on the Wii, which really was the best one of these they ever made."
,Not Recommended,310790,13134043,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Todrick Bonsworth,"If you liked Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved 2, you will probably like Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions. As for me, I regard Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved [1] as the gold standard of the franchise (and all twin-stick shooters). I ultimately did not like Geometry Wars 2 for its departures from GW:RE1, and I don't like GW3 for the same reasons and more. If you have never played Geometry Wars, you will probably like GW3, but I recommend Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved, instead. It is available here on Steam for just $4 full price. Unfortunately there are no online leaderboards, but the gameplay is far superior to GW3.Here are the pros and cons of GW3:ProsGood PC port. I didn't have any performance issues even at high levels.Creative leaderboard stuff. Giving an indication on the overworld when a friend beats your score is brilliant. It is missing an ""overall"" leaderboard, however.Inclusion of classic modes. For the purists out there.Drones. I lked this feature in the lesser known Geometry Wars: Galaxies, and am glad to see a bit of customization return to GW.The 3D maps are a good addition and work well. It actually isn't any harder to navigate or see what's going on than the 2D maps.Neutral:I would list online multiplayer as a pro, but I haven't been able to find a match as of this writing. The description of the Summoner mode sounds like a good implementation, though.The quick restart button. This is a great feature, but why in the world is it ONLY available at the end of levels? This isn't a new idea; other games have instant restart buttons available to the player at all times. It's not like the X button does anything else during gameplay. It's as if they did extra work to make a ""great"" new feature just ""OK.""ConsThe gameplay changes made from 1 to 2 apply to number 3 as well, so I will first list my gripes with GW:RE2 that also apply to GW3.The gun's firepower is much narrower, fires fewer bullets per shot, and fires fewer shots per second than in GW:RE1. The number of enemies you can potentially keep away is therefore much smaller, even if you play perfectly. It is therefore artificially difficult.  GW2 and GW3 prioritized pretty 3D graphics over maximizing gameplay--style over substance.I like the idea of geoms, but they are not implemented correctly. I don't like that 1 geom = 1x multiplier. They should be like points in GW:RE1--every so many geoms, your multiplier goes up by one up to a limit. Making the scoring system so exponential rewards the end game too much at high levels. You are able to collect geoms from enemies when you use a smart bomb, but not when you die. This is the opposite of how it should be. This way greatly rewards you for giving up and using your last resort bomb and severely punishes you for sticking it out as long as possible.And here are my gripes that are new to GW3, in order of most to least egregrious. Some are patchable without a leaderboard wipe. I will update my review if these issues are addressed.None of the new modes is any fun.There are no extra lives to be earned in any level in Adventure Mode. Every level is either a set number of lives (usually just 1) or timed. This is not in the spirit of Geometry Wars. For all intents and purposes, you cannot earn extra bombs either (I noticed one extra bomb in one level).There is a 5-second-long, unskippable animation before every game. I have probably wasted half an hour just waiting for my games to start. Any ""feature"" that keeps the player from playing is a terrible idea.Super States disappear if you die. This means dying a second after a Super State spawns is punished much more severely than dying 2 seconds earlier. I don't think the player should punished for pushing game without a bomb.Bullets expire before hitting an enemy or wall, even in Classic Mode. There is no reason for this on wall-bound levels.There are no new enemy types to speak of.Poor visual fidelity. Mayflies and crosses strongly resemble geoms. You can easily mistake your drone for an enemy, too. Black holes can camoflauge pinwheel spawns. White Diamond and Pink Square spawns look very similar. I have not had these problems with previous games.No in-game VSync option. You have to be clever and edit your graphic card settings to disable VSync (to reduce effective input lag).Black holes make no sound at all. The black hole sound used to be either very satisfying (if you destroy it) or alarming (if it blows up). This was not the case in GW2 as far as I can remember. Again, it's like work went into undoing a good thing.TL;DR Read the first paragraph. The gameplay changes made since GW:RE1 make Geometry Wars 3 unnecessarily frustrating and artificially difficult. Before you dismiss me as a noob complaining about difficulty, check my leaderboard scores in this or other GW games, or watch this video of me getting a Global #1:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5eXW8tg9Vs"
76561198036307919,Recommended,310790,13194734,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,chantzofdeth,MOST BAD A$$ ARCADE GAME EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
76561197979244973,Recommended,310790,13207148,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Adam,I lyke teh gayme i giv it a million pointz!
,Recommended,310790,14293687,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,RuggaFanbase,"Shape's try to touch me, i kill them, they are dead.11/10 would kill sexual shape's again"
,Recommended,310790,28086293,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,evosfgamn xd,HOLY♥♥♥♥/10would die again
76561198061750921,Recommended,310790,29770006,Posted: 7 February,all,DeadMan_Playing,'member project gotham on the 360 ?
76561198026138231,Recommended,310790,19430447,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,robert.blane,"Should you have this on your wishlist, then my sound advice is simple; move this title to the top of your wishlist or just buy it at full price.This is the best looking shooter and most playable shooter on Steam.Hard as nails but no flaws whatsoever."
76561198006588159,Recommended,310790,13335043,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Crestfallen Warrior,"I AM TIRED OF THESE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING SHAPES ON THIS MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING (geometric) PLANE.  Would cleanse the universe of geometry again, 8.5/10Ok sorry I had to try my hand at troll reviewing.  In all seriousness its more Geo Wars that you love with a whole new adventure mode thats basically 50 smaller game modes in one with their own leaderboards PLUS all the Geo Wars 2 game modes (dubbed ""Classic"" modes).  The adventure mode also allows you to have one of 5 types of drones that can be paired with any one of 5 ""special"" abilities, its pretty cool.  The dollar spent per hour ratio should be pretty low with this one if its your type of game (twin-stick shooter).  A gamepad is necessary to play to maximize your scores.  My only three minor complaints are:1) that the graphics are not as nice or updated as I would have hoped,  In general the graphic style is more understated and less colorful and flashy, like pastel colors or something.  This does generally create better contrast when stuff gets crazy but it still just doesnt look as cool and trippy as you would have hoped waiting 6 years for a sequel to Geo Wars 2.2): Theres an enemy type they brought back from Geo Wars 1 (the little purple triangular shaped things that swarm you by the thousands from the 4 corners of the screen), except now they are orangey yellow color and can be hard to distinguish from geoms, thus you can be collecting geoms and BAM a single little triangle thingy is in the mass of geoms and you dont see it and die.3) On the 3-d levels I found the camera to be kind of stiff (especially on cubes) and something off about it since you can see a background behind the plane or shape you are fighting on and thus the camera isnt as locked to your ship as before and somehow at first I found the game to be almost nauseating looking at stuff, took me an hour or two to get used to it.  Im sorry Im having a hard time describing it.  In general though, I also feel Stardust HD on the ps3 did a better job with 3d battlegrounds.  But realistically, what else could they try to add to the geo wars experience?In the end, this is the best and most fully featured version of what is in my mind, the best twin-stick arcade game series ever made, and it isn't particularly close."
,Recommended,310790,16349319,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,LpdZ,I LOVE THIS GAME VERY FUN BUT VERY HARD.
76561198069147438,Recommended,310790,13100184,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,BERKSHiREBoB,WONDERFUL! Ive been waiting on this game and its better than I expected. The visuals are so very pleasing and the addiction is real. I went so long without going down the Geometry wars road and damn am I glad to be back!
,Not Recommended,310790,15678379,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Jacen47,Bought for multiplayer and it has lackluster multiplayer at best.No choice of level or difficulty. No AI to play against. Nothing that would make multiplayer great.It is pretty though so there's that.
,Not Recommended,310790,33209044,Posted: 3 July,all,torg,"A great game ruined by heavily limited co-op features.I loved the co-op mode in Geometry Wars 2 (which was sadly never released on PC). I bought this primarily to be able to play 4-player co-op again in the main game mode. Basically I wanted Geometry Wars 2.Bafflingly, co-op in this game is only available for the ""campaign"", a linear series of different levels with varied game types. The campaign is alright, I suppose, but I have no interest in half of the campaign levels (and definitely not in the boss battles).The game has modes other than ""campaign"", but you can only play them in single player. I just want to select the ""classic"" game mode and play over and over again with friends. It's such a simple, common sense thing to include that for a long time I thought I just wasn't looking in the correct place in the menus.The gameplay is so good. It's such a shame the developers shipped it with crippled co-op, and have done nothing to improve it."
76561198129389651,Not Recommended,310790,14669972,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,*****.com.trace,"After each game, when you have lost your last life (or when you continue to the next level in Adventure mode), the program crashes back to the desktop. This is particularly irritating. $15 wasted.Do other Linux users have the same problem?"
76561198093760033,Recommended,310790,13132056,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Dvck,An epic game!Absolutely a must get!
76561198152919674,Recommended,310790,25062196,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Garlic Dub Steakburger W/Ketchup,Play on shrooms. 10/10
76561197990168927,Recommended,310790,16489198,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kreeg,A most noteworthy instalment to the Geometry Wars franchise. The 3D maps will blow your mind!99% skill1% luckNot for the whiny.
76561198031933264,Not Recommended,310790,22463235,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,drewm1980,Linux version crashes on launch. Android version doesn't work with my game controller. Previous DS version was great.
,Recommended,310790,25042492,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ironmonkey.daniel,Best game ever made
76561198027038417,Not Recommended,310790,31889128,Posted: 21 May,all,sevenix.zp,"I love twin stick shooters... but holy ♥♥♥♥ wtf were the devs thinking with these visuals. This has the most obstructive visuals I might have ever seen in a video game.The map grid lights up and moves around when things are nearby. The background is an LCD trip fest. Enemies appear too fast to respond most of the time. Several eneies are nearly the exact same color as your primary fire. When eneies split, they are the same color as their parents, making it impossible to detect the direction of each child before it is too late. Many enemies are similar in color to the map grid and background. ugh... WTFAt least in the adventure mode it only focuses on score for progression. That is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ IMO and panders to the casual gamer. And there are no shielding or bomb refills. The first ""boss"" was nothing more than a dumbass ball that spawned normal enemies. How is that any different from a normal ♥♥♥♥ing level?Also, this game has RPG elements outside of levels... WHY!!!! Why the ♥♥♥♥ would you put RPG elements in a skill-based twin stick shooter?This is trash compared to a game like Super Stardust HD. Super Stardust HD has 1) shield and bomb refills, 2) alternate guns with varying effectiveness against enemies, 3) a invulnerable boost on a cooldown to prevent inevitable deaths, 4) levels with different visual themes giving a sense of progression, 5) ship upgrades within the levels that force you to crowd control to select the upgrade you prefer, and 6) way better bosses."
76561198059218284,Recommended,310790,13098540,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Sterquilinus,buy it
,Recommended,310790,13098317,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Sahuagin,"A little tame compared to Geometry Wars 2, but has a lot more to do."
,Recommended,310790,13098621,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Pitre,"One of the best games of the year, hands down. Immense replayability, beautiful graphics, there is only thing wrong with this game - it's TOO hard."
,Recommended,310790,13102443,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,vodkadotka,"Classic mode, simply nostalgic. Adventure mode, breathtaking. Online could be a little better, but I'm not complaining. This is an amazing game at an amazing price, if you were going to blow $15 on ANY game I recommend this one.10/10"
,Recommended,310790,17222550,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,A non-biased quick look @ the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVJsZxqY_uEBattle through waves of enemies on 3D grids in this frenetic arcade shooter! - Highly Recommended!
76561198020441057,Not Recommended,310790,14380993,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kimono Kurt Russell,"As much as I believe every game should make it's own statement, even more so if it is a game in a series. Take it from someone who heavily invested a lot of time in Geometry Wars 2 Evolved.....They ♥♥♥♥ed it up...."
,Recommended,310790,25051478,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Rezs,its ok
76561198084959052,Not Recommended,310790,14849025,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Simple Concept,i love it when the game works! give me my money back♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,310790,13137205,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Izzatso?,Nerve Wrecking Fun.... Worth every Penny
,Not Recommended,310790,34118807,Posted: 8 August,all,^1GTX 1080 SLI I7 6950X 64GB RAM,"The game itself has good designs with smooth gameplay, and it's pretty fun with all the upgrade and multiplayer and stuff.But, it suffers from some fatal design flaws. As the game itself has a lot of particles, you can't necessarily see where the enemy will spawn, and the game design to spawn them near you so you can't camp in one spot. But this is the flaw. The enemies spawn right on top of you. Making you die instantly. As the enemy swarm in, you have to kite them, having more enemies spawn right on top of you making you die, is frustrating. And is the major downside of the game."
,Recommended,310790,13097268,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,rubaiyat,"Amazing game, really pushes you to your limits.  Will stay installed on my pc for a long time."
,Not Recommended,310790,13461556,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,AirBear1,"Fun, very difficult twin stick shooter. Its flaw is that it comes across as unfair. The special stages it has, where you play on funny shapes such as a cube, look nice but it limits your field of view and you get easily blindsided if you stay close to an edge. That or you run the high risk of dying immediately after switching sides due to running into an enemy you could have easily avoided if you could have seen him. The signal you get that an enemy is about to spawn is pretty short too, so more than a couple times I died just because an enemy spawned on top of me. There are also special abilities such as having a minion that collects geoms (the green diamonds that increase your multiplier) or placing mines on the battlefield. This sounds cool too, but it just makes the screen too busy. In Geometry Wars 1 &2, it was easy to make snap judgments on where it was safe and where it wasn't; the green geoms are safe to grab, nothing else. But now you have your geome-collecting minion flying around on his own, and your mines place around the battlefield, and in the heat of battle it is too difficult to make out what 3 things on the battlefield are okay to run into out of the 20 things on screen.Frustrating is part of the genre, but feeling like your death was unfair and out of your hands is not fun."
76561198111520467,Recommended,310790,13080606,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,VideoGmr4Evr,"Very fun, yet hard to play at first."
,Not Recommended,310790,13277316,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,IIIZiPIII,"Great fun game the only down sides to it for me you get Input lag because its setting V-sync as on When i have G-sync monitor so makes no difference if G-sync is on or off ,You still get Input lag from moving the mouse and pointer to aim ..And aiming is what this game is about fast moving action needs fast moving mouse pointer not LAGING BEHIND where your aiming .. But the way to get round that is just turn off V-SYNC in driver then your left with screen tearing ..Whats the point of people buying G-sync when they cant use it in a moden day game ..All so i find the game is lacking a lot options ,There is noway to change keys nor change the buttons for joypad ingame .All so you have this tutorial that keeps popping up in game and you cant turn it off any where in the menu you could be in the heat of battle with loads of objects coming at you and you need to press enter to get that off your screen BOOM your dead .So hopfuly there bring a patch out to fix that ..."
76561198106918154,Not Recommended,310790,14775603,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,moritz-*****,Crashes on linux when you finish a level - really low quality control
,Not Recommended,310790,14742168,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,#CuteFaceJay,Great game idea. Loves the past two games but they were by a different dev team that are no longer around sadly.This game currently is still waiting for a patch after 3 months!!! Display issues & inputlag leaderboards are also meh.I'm still unable to enjoy this game 3 months later.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME EVEN IF YOU SEE IT ON SALE!
,Not Recommended,310790,32739583,Posted: 24 June,all,Coffees_For_Closers,"Console version is amazing, but this is a poor port.  144fps reported, yet its choppy and with input lag.  Do not recommend."
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,310790,22468855,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,malcolmmackay224,"I liked Geometry Wars Retro Evolved a lot, so this game seemed like a sure bet.Unfortunately, it isn't. It's been quite a while since I played Retro Evolved so I can't remember exactly what they have changed. All the changes have been for the worse, GW3 is no fun at all. Also, although I did reasonably well in Retro Evolved, I suck at GW3, not sure why. Maybe they upped the difficulty."
76561198067034273,Not Recommended,310790,30859030,Posted: 31 March,all,LucasGH,Good base! but stupid design choices make this game bad. More than 10 secs to restart a boss fight W-T-F. GW2 wastimes better design wise.
76561198049653894,Not Recommended,310790,17671358,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Darkrachet,"GAME IS WAYY TO HARD FOR ME AND I CANT GET MY MONEY BACK. THANKS GABE NOW IM A POOR MAN, BUT YOU DON'T GIVE A FLYING F*CK GO DRY YOUR TEARS WITH DOLLAR BILLS"
,Not Recommended,310790,13756625,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,doomleika,"The biggest problem about this game is go over the top flashy effect at major cost of clarity. Which is the main forte of Geomerty War series. All those effect are pointless when all the effects are blocking your view and can't understand what's really going on.It's isn't good port either, the graphic on my rig(GTX 970) feels 'shaky'(literally) on my computer for no appearant reason.What a shame."
,Not Recommended,310790,25403553,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,K Lou,"Geometry Wars Retro Evolved 2 is 10000000000x better than this stinking pile of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥CONSIDER THIS: This game costs 15 dollars and I can access it easily on my pc. I am going to pay 50 dollars for a refurbished xbox 360 to replace my broken one just so I can play the predecessor to this game. That is how much better Retro Evolved 2 is compared to this. I swear, the developers for this game took everything that was great about RE2 and threw it into the trash while making this game. If you've never played RE2 then maybe you will enjoy this trash. If you are a RE2 fan than don't make yourself endure the suffering that is this♥♥♥♥♥♥poor attempt at a sequel."
76561198088004952,Not Recommended,310790,33716119,Posted: 22 July,all,testerex2,"Boring and annoying and stupid, same as Tempest 2000. But more addictive. Maybe you should try something like Asteroids instead."
,Not Recommended,310790,13325826,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Wolfie,"Please read the entire thing.This PC port is BROKEN and literally unplayable on anything other than low graphics.  I have a i7 4770K/GTX 770/16gb ram/etc and I've made sure everything is updated and it still doesn't work.  I used to have a low grade computer, I know how to fix problems for the most part since I used to have nothing but problems.On low graphics at 1080p I'm able to play but everything blurs and nothing sticks out making it hard to see enemies and all around makes this game completely unenjoyable.  Anything above that, it makes the levels/enemies completely white or ""invisible"" as described by other people.  I've checked the forums and lots of people are complaining about this.  Zero response from the developers.  Also a weird glitch I'm glad I caught, if you change your resolution in game, it will become 100% unplayable and won't launch unless you change your resolution of your monitor to the same.I love this series, but this is one of the worst PC ports I've ever played.  I really want to play it, but I just can't force myself to do that in the game's current form.For now I'll wait for an update or a refund or something.  If the game updates and the problems are fixed, then I'll change my review.  If I get a refund, I'll just buy it on Xbox since this game is obviously made for consoles.  Until then, this review is up to warn people interested in this game that even if you have a high performance machine there's a good chance this game will perform very poorly for you.  Buy it on console, or wait for an update.I want this game to be good on this platform, PLEASE fix it."
,Not Recommended,310790,13744224,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tim_Fragmagnet,80% of the geometry wars games was the music. The new music sucks. So there's only 20% of a game left.
,Recommended,310790,13085312,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Grenadeh,"Wow, first impression:It's cool they tried something new, but seriously?This game might make your eyes bleed, it's so vibrant and kind of hard to look at compared to its predecessors.As the name suggests, it literally adds a new dimension. Whereas before you had to master a 2 dimensional arena, now you fight on 3d shapes - offering you new freedom to manuever, and new freedom to die horrendously or get confused. The 3D arenas are utterly absurd at times and will essentially reset your Geometry Wars skill to 0, but they certainly found a way to innovate and re-establish what made the game so good in the first place.All the old game modes have returned, and are basically as you remember them. Dimensions introduces some fun new modes, like Titans, and Boss Battles. You also get a companion helper that is slightly more helpful than useless ,who can kill stuff for you or increase your attack power.The graphics are obviously much better, as the game is now 3D, but it's a bigger, more challenging version of Geometry Wars 2, with new game mechanics.My only complaint is that, being an arcade game, they seem to have developed it on the assumption that it actually takes .25 cents out of your wallet every time you have to restart - some of the difficulty is ridiculous."
76561198162302737,Not Recommended,310790,13138884,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Pierdylion_Snatch,"For me this game is unplayable becouse of steering delays. In this kind of game it is unacceptable. I bought it becouse I liked first one and had no problems with delays.Hope they will fix this soon. At the moment, is there way to get money back?"
,Not Recommended,310790,32288130,Posted: 9 June,all,¯\_( -_- )_/¯,When i play the game i can't see anything besides a blank screen... quite annoying since i paid 15 dollars for a broken game....
76561197966103450,Not Recommended,310790,13283493,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,NA1,Simply... not fun.  At all.  What a disappointing shmup.
,Not Recommended,310790,31917530,Posted: 23 May,all,Orestes,"The presentation is excellent and the levels run veeery smoothly, but I find it too damn difficult! Maybe it's because I'm trying to play with keyboard and mouse, but what can I do? I don't own a controller. For me this game just offers anxiety and extreme frustration."
76561198046675266,Recommended,310790,30531848,Posted: 15 March,all,Dustin,A weird Tron-like Asteroids game with a time limit.Decent game if you're bored.6/10
76561198008187938,Not Recommended,310790,13105588,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,A1ButterNoob,"Broken graphics rendering that cause many parts of the game to be invisible, including enemies, gates and your ship. Simply a waste of time and money. The camera movement is also god awful. They should have just ported over geo wars2 instead of tarnishing the previous installments with this abortion of a game"
76561198075525997,Not Recommended,310790,13102738,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,budwheizzah,"Unplayable fullscreen on a GTX760 at the time. Goes into an out of range refresh rate. No video options. Terrible delivery. This garbage needs to stop. If this is fixed I will change the review accordingly as soon as I get to actually evaluate the title, but for now as far as I know these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s just stole 15$ from me."
,Not Recommended,310790,13119175,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Brian,"I love Geometry Wars, but this version sucks! On my Mac, the game crashes all the time!"
76561197967514864,Not Recommended,310790,13087677,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Linktank,Black screens on launch with audio only. Seemingly impossible to find support for this issue. Not encouraged by this.
,Not Recommended,310790,13116903,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Alec,"Doesn't launch! Nvidia gtx 660 Ti and it gives me a refresh rate error i've never experienced, jokes..."
,Not Recommended,310790,13156247,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Quad849,"This game feels it was developed in a hurry, it have no video setup configuration and it doesn’t run at 1080p, and of course, without a video configuration menu there is no way to change it."
76561197962147777,Recommended,310790,17231051,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mr. Beard,"Rediculiously fun arcade shooter, and an excellent follow up to the previous installments of Geometry Wars. They've taken a winning formula, and poured on some more Awesome Sauce!Love playing this on my media center PC with game pad. I would NOT recommend playing without a game pad though."
,Not Recommended,310790,17070237,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Fl3sh,"Not sure what the appeal is, I find it incredibly boring."
76561198015320434,Recommended,310790,17016710,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Pioneer (Linux),Опасная игруля - часы летят как минуты.
,Recommended,310790,17498116,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,pedestrianwolf,"This third game in the series improves on the originals in almost every way.  It's blisteringly hard in places but I like that sort of thing.  The biggest knock I can make against it is the complete lack of compelling local co-op modes (which only earns mention here because the local co-op in the second game was phenomenal, not so here)7/10 overall"
76561197984900721,Recommended,310790,17321419,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,CNFUZD,Great arcade style game.
,Recommended,310790,18036970,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Night Wizard,"I have to say, this is one of those games that you can get lost in quite easily. It's addictive, it's very well made, it's pretty and it's fast paced. This game is currently the best use of joystick in my library."
76561198062767550,Recommended,310790,16881718,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,mscaffus,"This is an eye candy game with nom stop action and lots of strategy elements. It is perfect for a quick play in just one level or hours of playing until the ende of all levels, I do recomend and I belive it is the best twin stick shooter that you can buy."
,Recommended,310790,17415471,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,Sometimes I wish I could have died in the Holocaust so I wouldn't have to play games anymore
76561197998809331,Recommended,310790,17700307,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,UNLIMITED POWA,I dont really know why i'm not playing more of this. If i was a little younger i'd be all over it. The boss fights are pretty sweet. Might be the music. The gameplay has plenty of depth with the leaderboards and lots of levels. I thought the drones would have been crap at first but i like them. Stages can be played without them as well. If you're after some global leaderboard score attack action i cant think of any better. Except maybe Retro evolved if it had a global leaderboard like this. One level one global leaderboard sounds a little more appealing to me for some reason. And i kinda miss the music from retro evolved. Maybe it's an unlock that's worth trying for but probably isn't there.
76561198136959839,Recommended,310790,17655999,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,D_Dorchagraine,"Great game, great graphics. Sountrack needs more tracks. DIfficulty pretty hard in some areas. I Kept dying because of the spawing of powerups that come in the shape of golden coins, they will kill you unless you shoot them. Needs more tracks for the sountrack only has like three songs in the entire game. I have no idea how someone could have missed that?"
,Recommended,310790,17382828,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,MAMEiac,"Absolutely one of my favorite retro arcade games hands down, it is probably the best twin-stick shooter I've ever played and I've played many of them back to the arcade days of classics like Robotron and Smash TV. The previous versions were good, this third version has given you everything they did well and tweaked it up another notch, and it looks incredible to boot. Highly enjoyable and recommended for your arcade fix."
76561198004730679,Recommended,310790,17388602,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Tirao,Thumbs up
76561198067422399,Recommended,310790,17305675,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,pepe silvia,needs classic mode co-op
76561198108434114,Recommended,310790,17518515,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,∆nish,"A fun,  arcade-shooting like game with nice visuals and challenging levels"
,Recommended,310790,17887090,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Eastman51,"Epic Game, play with xbox controller (or whatever other controller you prefer) when possible. SIMPLY AMAZING. My hands and eyes hurt from playing this game... MUST PLAY MORE. Haven't tried co-op yet but plan to, it sounds just as fun as single player.WARNING: very high learning curve. I dove into this game knowing how to play, got rekt in 10 seconds.... It will take time and practice to beat any particular level. Anyways, I got another boss to battle so I got to go...10/10 would get rekt again"
,Recommended,310790,16939818,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,NumberKruncher,Lots and lots of fun just like the original 2 games!Brings lots of cool new features and of course 3D environments :D
,Recommended,310790,16954463,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,DINNERBONES :-),new maps
,Recommended,310790,16906461,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Flux Fouzen,Recommended. You'll get addicted no matter what.There needs to be more games like this.
,Recommended,310790,16832329,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,MaliceStriker,"I've only really dedicated time to Pacifism mode. In my opinion, it's worth the price of admission alone. I like to listen to my favorite music and just unwind. It can get stressful sometimes when there's stuttering or gates having an orgy in a corner but it's still fun. Coming close to breaking my roommate's high score is quite the adrenaline rush!"
,Recommended,310790,17134116,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,AntiAntagonist,"I have no idea why I let this languish in my library without being played.This takes the frenetic pace of the previous games and adds layers more of visual input.The HUD is straight to the point, which is good.  The last thing you need is a complicated or overly-stylized text that needs to be deciphered while fending off waves of green squares trying to collide with you.Haven't tried the rival system or leaderboards, but I will as soon as I can."
76561198143096420,Recommended,310790,17134360,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Taipany,"This game is absoutally amazing! The graphics, all the different enemys, its just awesome! This game is pretty much perfect, so my only suggestions would be:More songs in the soundtrack(luuuv that soundtrack, but theres not that many songs), and mabye add some customizabillity to change the look of your charecter/shaceship, just to make it a little more unique.But overall i TOTALLY love this game. Whether you play it all the time, or just when you board and have nothing else to do,its AWESOME"
,Recommended,310790,19558609,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Naughty Nihilist,This game is crack.
76561197971367518,Recommended,310790,19759364,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Nightbringer,Robotron and Space Duel had a baby that ran off to join the circus with Tempest 2000.Adventure mode is fun and the classic modes replicate Geometry Wars 1 & 2. Definitely worth the purchase and if it's on sale don't hesitate.
76561198054395863,Recommended,310790,20136218,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Matthias,9/10Must play for anyone!
76561198139147372,Not Recommended,310790,20098617,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,jolteon vii,has anyobe had a problem when they downloaded this and you can't see the enemies or your ship?
,Recommended,310790,19575477,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ssjkenny,The only way I could thumbs up this any harder is if I cut off both my thumbs and shot them into space.Simply the best video game of its kind ever made.
,Recommended,310790,19715469,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,sme81,Addictive Colourfullness
,Recommended,310790,19724897,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,gin.mom,Easily one of the funnest and most frustrating games I've ever played.
76561198027838188,Recommended,310790,19680276,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Opa,Ótimo shooter. Para quem quer jogo arcade rápido com desafio na medida certa então pode comprar sem medo.
76561198118966612,Recommended,310790,19944048,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,icyrax,"A great fun game to pass the time doging obsticles, manuvering through unique maps, in the campaign bosses to face, also includes classic game modes. The multiplayer is dead though, unless you use something like gameranger to play on servers."
,Recommended,310790,19927827,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Zanerias,I've played Geometry Wars since Evolved launched on the 360 and I can definitely say this is the best one yet and is easily one of the most fun & difficult twin stick shooters out there.
,Recommended,310790,19792490,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Jamiex,fun and sometimes frustrating
76561198049373682,Recommended,310790,19876251,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Pepe Mujica,Old school shooter at its best
,Recommended,310790,20603857,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Andreas,"A colorful, fun game that will challenge you but provide enough variety to keep you motivated. It's also the type of game that can keep your attention for 15 minutes if you don't feel like spending long stretches of time. The 3D aspect brings a lot of fun to the core gameplay, though some of the shapes can be a bit annoying and require you to be very careful. The powerups you can choose between aren't worth much since one or two of them are clearly far better than the others."
76561198025166077,Recommended,310790,20601491,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,winsomeVulpine,"The king of twin-stick shooters.  It's hard to find fault with this game, because it has a simple formula that it sticks with and polishes to a mirror shine.  Well worth the money.  Don't play it without a gamepad, though..."
,Recommended,310790,19103549,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Vested,"I first fell in love with Geometry Wars playing Geometry Wars 2: Retro Evolved on the Xbox 360. The latest sequel offers new features into an game that flirts with overwhelming and comfortably simple. Like any 2D shooter, Geometry Wars offered a twist on the genre. Now Geometry Wars 3 adds several common tropes (like power ups) that were lacking in 2, and also completely transforms the game experience that opens up play style that begs for replaying each level again to try out the different combinations. But if you want the full game experience, you'll probably want a controller with a D-stick. Definitely try this game out."
,Recommended,310790,14956617,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Faytel,OMG SUPER FUN LIKE HOLY COW FUN!
76561198067031231,Recommended,310790,18479015,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,doesHUNGER,i like it
76561198045133849,Recommended,310790,18921847,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,BarneyRound,+1
,Recommended,310790,13176435,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Goatithro,If you like Geometry Wars 2 this is more where that came from (it uses the Gemetry Wars 2 ruleset). The big thing they added is a single player progression mode (different play areas/bosses/multiple mine & drone options you can level up) and co-op. Doesn't have a Geometry War 1 mode unfortunately.
,Recommended,310790,13176521,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,<Dan>,"If you like twin stick shooters, then you'll like this game. Period.Pretty much the only thing I don't like about this game is the fact that level restart times aren't instant. Everything else is great."
76561197967903934,Recommended,310790,13177955,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,VirDeBello,"Wow, blown away by the art style and music. This game is so worth the $15. A great sequel."
76561197970626222,Recommended,310790,13091192,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Alewis149,Everything you love about the previous 2 and many new innovations worth exploring. The definitive version of the series. Worth every penny.
76561197993756665,Recommended,310790,13092577,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,SteinerSmash,"IT'S BACK BOYS!All the great stuff from Geometry Wars 2, but with an online competitive/co-op mode, and a new adventure mode that replaces the sequence gamemode from 2. Buy it now!"
,Recommended,310790,13093479,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all, nO_Ob,"Amazing game. I've just remember my childhood, with all that game machine in Cinema. Graphics is amazing, gameplay is amazing, but sometimes it's really hard, so there is no place for noobish reflex."
,Recommended,310790,13094226,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,notwailee,It's the best iteration of Geometry Wars and maybe even the best twin-stick shooter ever
,Recommended,310790,13256010,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,twitch.tv/MrGoatLord,:csgohelmet: :melon: Buy this game!
,Recommended,310790,13087066,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Special Agent Smite,Finally got it to work. I decided that I should just wipe my drive out completely and install a clean windows 8.1 Pro. So far no graphiocal issues and the game runs fluid and fst. Definitely a big world of difference. Although I couldn't find a solution to my problem I decided that clearing everything out was the way to go. Wish you all well and thanks for your help Lucid Games. I will remember to support you later in the future.
,Recommended,310790,13232441,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Pix the Heretic,"It's more Geometry Wars.  If you liked either of the first two games, you'll like this.  The classic modes are what you got in GW2 (assuming you had an XBox to play it on), minus Sequence (which I hated anyway).  The new look serves the game very well.  Still full of bright neon colors and lots of particles on enemy death.The campaign mode is something I'm not super excited about, since I much prefer playing the game arcade-style, but I'll be damned if I'm not getting three stars on every single stage.  So, I guess it works in that regard.The one thing I am a little disappointed by is that the soundtrack this time around isn't quite as good as GW2, and the original Evolved theme is conspicuously absent from this game.  That's not to say that the music isn't really good, because it is, but I thought the original Evolved theme suited the game mode so well.Overall, I'm very happy that this game exists, and I'm definitely going to put an irresponsible amount of time into it after exams."
76561198039794567,Recommended,310790,13175472,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Tex Leannis,"Only somewhat disappointed at the lack of options, particularly control options. My first Geometry Wars was Galaxies and I was hoping to play with dpad/face buttons but there are only two controller configs.After spending more time with it the controls seem more natural.The difficulty curve seems pretty steep until you get the first drone compared to what I would expect."
,Recommended,310790,13081991,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ConfusedOnCOFFEE,"home sweet home.i played the first one. loved iti played the second. my xbox got ring of death. i am sad, no more geometry wars.i played the third  and it felt like a wonderfull dream come true. it has everything from the previous one and much much much more. if you love waves or geometry wars or the Super Stardust HD from the ps3.you have to buy ityou have to play itand ofcyou have to love it"
,Recommended,310790,13772811,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Rosso Corsa,"ASDFDSAHFGHQQWGDSGeometry Wars: Galaxies for Nintendo Wii was my ALL TIME favorite twin-stick shooter! And this game builds directly from it!All of my favorite features from Galaxies has returned and been exapnded upon! It's like being back home after a long time!We've got an incredibly extensive ""camapaign mode"", which offers an extensive list of different enemy-patterns, rulesets, and challenges to pit yourself in a score-attack challenge.Really, any one of these stages can offer incredible reply value via score-attack, and yet there are over 50 challeges present to polish a score on!"
76561198043797135,Recommended,310790,13541186,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TeaMaster,"This game is fantastic! Improves everything of the previous ones in the series: new modes, drones, bosses, leaderboards.If you liked Retro Evolved, you should try this one!"
,Recommended,310790,13728231,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,jpm,10/10 would play every day of my life. I recommend this to everyone. It's visuals are absolutely stunning and it's gameplay keeps you on the edge of your seat.
76561198037112136,Recommended,310790,13773871,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Drift King,"Amazing game. A lot of new modes since Geometry Wars 2. Online play does not work for me (dunno if its lack of ppl, or a bug). Highly recommend."
,Recommended,310790,13819370,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Prof3ssorPants,"It's hard, rewarding, and addictive. The awesome visuauls and thumping soundtrack will mess with your brain. If you've never played a Geometry Wars before, I might recomend you start with GW2 to see how you like that before moving up to the insanity that is GW3.10/10"
,Recommended,310790,13753654,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Typo_o,"This is the greatest Geometry wars yet. I have put quite a bit of hours into the previous games, and when I saw I could buy the new one on steam, it was an insta purchase. This game has great graphics. The same familiar gameplay, but with more visual effects. It feels modernized, and regardless of what some people say, adventure mode is fun as ♥♥♥♥, it's a great twist on a game that relies on such a simple concept.Overall a 9/10 in my book, even up next to big budget games like Far Cry 4."
,Recommended,310790,13783059,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Nicholas,"One of the best games released in 2014 in my opinion. Interesting single player campaign with lots of nice level and gameplay variety. All the classic modes from the previous Geometry Wars as well in case your more into arcade score attack. Highly recommended, but would also say you probably want to make sure you have a gamepad, as I wouldn't recommend playing the game with K&M."
,Recommended,310790,13870012,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,AbsentBird,"Super fun, very addicting. It takes everything good about Geometry Wars and adds even more."
76561197977155994,Recommended,310790,15651011,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Crimson,Pew Pew Tron's poo poo.
,Recommended,310790,15656591,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,DeathMirage,"Wow, what a leap coming from the original on a little DS.  Stunning visuals and fast heart throbbing pace.   10/10"
,Recommended,310790,14833961,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,rickyyo,An excellent Geometry Wars game.  I really don't have much more to say than that.  If you like score attack dual joystick shooters then this is for you.  If you have never played one this series is probably the all-time best in that category and definitely worth checking out.
,Recommended,310790,14766757,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,much.zen,"Game is great fun, couch coop is awesome, but don't buy this unless you're ready for some tweaks and workarounds.I bought this game 3 months after it's release.1080p stuck at 24hz resolution, others at 50 and only some lower resolutions play at 60fps. (fixable with forcefix.exe)Controller support buggy. It detects my controller but it doesn't work. (windows default game controller was a wheel that wasn't even connected, so i had to change the default).Can't seem to find anyone online, though..."
,Recommended,310790,14999653,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,The *******ing Shadow,This game is so incredible! But you need fast hand and fast mind to beat every single level.Anyway it's pretty damn awesome!RECOMMENDED!
76561198049793488,Recommended,310790,15523590,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,AndrestheJeff,"This game is a huge advance from Geometry Wars 2. If you liked GW 1 or 2, this is a must buy.It's highly addictive, encourages you to become better and get better scores each time you replay a level.Adventure mode, and other modes they added with a free DLC are extremely nice, they have drones and bosses, and it takes many hours to beat. Multiplayer is also great and has many missions, local or online.You should play this with a controller IMO. It's okay with keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,310790,15791560,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Phoenix_Conn,"I played the first geometry wars on my ds quite a few years ago. It was always one of my favorite games. Now when I noticed this came out, I knew I had to play it right away. after playing it for 4.1 hours I can honestly say it is an amazing and most definately awesome game. Geometry Wars 3 also implemented the 3d very well in a way that allows you to still be able to see a fairly large area."
,Recommended,310790,15778388,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TheImmortalConquerOfTheUniverse,GEOMETRY ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198179165761,Recommended,310790,14439319,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,pdillon3,"The good, graphics, gameplay and variety of maps. next logical step for this franchise.The Bad, Can you beleive that they released the game without the ability to remap controlsThis annoys me as their support claims it will be added via a patch.Game is unfinished IMO."
76561198021905881,Recommended,310790,14533524,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Chris O' Hara,"Amazing next chapter of a classic series of games, loving the new 3D arena, great retro style music, and co-op!!!! local or internet.  Gonna be going to work with sore thumbs and bloodshot eyes for a while. 10/10 !!!!!!"
,Recommended,310790,14749869,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,sxe_spanky,"I'm deffinitley going to blow more time on this later, but boy does this game look good and play well. imagine playing geo wars 2, but in a 3d surface. there is still regular arcade if you like that, but Man! this game is gold. buy it now."
76561198050916983,Recommended,310790,14745742,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Uubrman X,Geometry Wars: Prepare To Die Edition.
76561197988891317,Recommended,310790,14738405,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,ZeroGravitas,I fear this game has dangerously warped my understanding of the word 'Pacifism'...
,Recommended,310790,15995847,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,giljaysmith,Geometry Wars innit.
,Recommended,310790,16081843,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Star Guardian Lulu,"Having played the previous GW games and loving each one loads. I'm pretty happy to see that the third installment is as good as it is.Taking the original game and adding more to it (3D playing fields, drones, specials) pumps so much more life into a series of games that was already a huge ton of fun.The soundtrack didn't let down either, not much else to say about that though, they did a really great job with the music, gets you in the mood to shoot a ton of polygons I guess.I still hate green diamonds though.You should too; if you don't... You clearly haven't played this game.0/10 - ign, ""Screw those green diamonds"""
76561197990343974,Recommended,310790,15861906,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,NerdENerd,"The GPU requirements for this game are ridiculous! I love Geometry Wars and when I got this game at release time I was stoked there was a new game in the series but it was next to unplayable on my Core i5 45690k and a GTX 750 ti. I had the resolution down to 720P and and graphics effects to low and it was still to jerky to be playable.I have since put a GTX 960 in my machine and now the game runs silky smooth at 1080P.I am mow loving the game, it is the hardest in the Geometry Wars series but super easy to get stuck in a just one more go loop for ages.Basically my recommendation is if you have a high end GPU, if you made a mid to low end GPU you are not going to enjoy this game."
,Recommended,310790,15877037,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ProfessorKaos64,"Very good followup to the first two games. Where previous entries simply had you deal with enemy onslaughts, GW:3 throws a nice and simple progression and upgrade system in the mix, several new fun game modes, and neat bosses. The action is much more fast paced this time around, and is visually stunning. The Feral port done for Linux/SteamOS is fantastic. Definitely a fun game to pick up and play for any amount of time."
,Recommended,310790,16007492,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Future Swag Force,"This game is stupid addicting. It has way more features than it's predecessors and worth every penny. The adventure mode is amazing. It throws different game modes and maps on each level. Oh, and did I mention boss fights? Yeah, they're there, they're long, and they're hard. But, it is all offset by the different types of drones and supers you get in addition to the normal bombs. In the update, they added a few new enemy types as well to keep it interesting.However, the downside is that the game isn't really too friendly towards co-op or even versus on the computer. It could partly be because I never see any games. Also, if you just want to play the classic modes, you don't get to play them on different map types, which is really something I was looking forward to. So far, we're just stuck with the same old rectangle."
,Recommended,310790,15965630,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Woodsy,Discovered GW on my Xbox360. It became the only reason why I turned it on.Super duper stoked when I saw this on Steam.Nearly flipped my ♥♥♥♥ with the evolved update.So good.The shooter you never knew you needed.There are no regrets. No sleep. No free lives. That score. So close. Only rage.Just buy it.:D
76561198044194558,Recommended,310790,15626542,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,CJ,love this game!!
,Recommended,310790,15131764,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Patrick,Good game!
,Recommended,310790,15145650,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,timdub@extralifecrisis.net,Digital crack.
76561198135241254,Recommended,310790,13080857,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Mtown043,"amazing game,perfectly captures the GW athmosphere!10/10 BUY!"
,Recommended,310790,15163488,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,evilmicah,robotron on acid ftw
,Recommended,310790,15164217,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Monov,"amazing game, no lag on lowest quality"
,Recommended,310790,15215041,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ｆｕｋｅ,"Great arcadey fun. They really took the game to another level here with pretty graphics and tons of new content. The music is great, 3d levels and boss battles are awesome, and the all around retro weirdness is true to form (""SUPER STATE!""). If you liked the original I'm pretty sure you will love this one."
,Recommended,310790,15154858,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,K0sM,I feel cool as f*ck when I play. 10/10
,Recommended,310790,13094823,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,QUAD LA QUAD,Disappointing. Controls not as responsive as they should be for this type of game. The music is lame. Still kinda fun just doesn't live up to its predessors.Edit: The Evolved update is much better. The looks much better and plays/performs somewhat better. All and all the game is much more fun with vibrant colors and without the washed out pastel color scheme of the original.
,Recommended,310790,15179935,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Scrotal Enhancement,Best Geometry Wars title yet. The amount of content in this game is staggering. Super fun and addictive with a ton of added modes. My favorite game of the year so far.
76561198077059261,Recommended,310790,15195440,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ravenragextreme,"So what are my Opinions on Shape Genocide Simulator 2014?, well its really fun and frentic but im not sure its just cause I suck but I can never seem to know exactly where I am when things get truely hectic.The 3d Levels are a nice touch, and so are the ""Super States"" that offer massive firepower for a short time, plus the boss battles are a cool addition to the Adventure mode which is the meat of the game.The classic modes from the other games return as well and are as always stupidly addictive chasing your previous highscore (until one of them Green ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s bashes into you and you lose just short!)Also new to Evolved are the Hardcore and Ultimate modes (but you need to unlock them via Stars in adventure mode... I dont even want to think about how difficult they must be, I suck on Normal modes thank you very much."
,Recommended,310790,13279366,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,poo,"Pacifism is the most addictive game mode for a game, ever. Hands down. Can't stop. Won't stop."
,Recommended,310790,13279376,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,iDuumb,Colorful. Chaotic. Controller. pew pew.
,Recommended,310790,13362174,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Sherru,"WARNING: CAN CAUSE (HILARIOUS) RAGE FESTS.Demo'd at Pax Prime; adventure mode is super addictive and a great time killer. Oh Geometry Wars 2 is still included, pacifism all the way!Lots of modes for the people who want to keep going back.Did I mention it's incredibly pretty? :D"
,Recommended,310790,13366362,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Tevo Silverfox,Better than COD 11/10
,Recommended,310790,13319447,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,KageTsuki,A very fun old-school shooter!
76561198031118600,Recommended,310790,14953377,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,I own a lot of the knock-offs but there's truly nothing like the real thing.GW3:D     is     awsome!(note: a high-latency display makes this game nigh-unplayable)
,Recommended,310790,14942563,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Wess,"This game has everything the older games supplied and more, making it both more fun and challenging. With new varied game modes and maps (or otherwise known as ""grids""), the game feels refreshing enough for fans of shoot 'em up's to pick up. The only downside to this game is that the soundtrack isn't as memorable as the older games, but it's not much of a problem with Steam Music being a thing. Non the less, it's still a great game worthy of it's price."
,Recommended,310790,15289111,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Arnval,"Excellent game, always enjoyed the game ever since it it was a bonus in Project Gotham Racing 2. Recommend it to anyone who enjoys shooters, especially if you enjoyed Robotron."
,Recommended,310790,16369435,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,halcon15,"Love Geometry Wars. So far the 3rd one seems great. Same gameplay with 3D boards to play on ""Super Mario Galaxy"" style. I'll probable play the classic modes the most."
76561198088022907,Recommended,310790,16396277,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,wtfodie,"tl;dr: Everything I liked about Geometry Wars 2: Retro Evolved, but better.  [Except the soundtrack.  It hasn't quite grown on me like GW2's. ;)]"
76561198024010727,Recommended,310790,16389744,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,7stars,"Lucid, please add multiplayer to classic modes.Amazing game besides the lack of couch multiplayer."
,Recommended,310790,16407276,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"This is a good iteration of the franchise.  Lots of good tweaks on game modes, absolutely fabulous visuals with lots of colorful particle effects.  Controls are tight and the mechanics are well-tuned.  The best part is probably the 3D maps - it's fun to try and map out the path of projectiles as they wrap around a sphere or a diamond.  If you want something reasonable challenigng but also to just blow stuff up endlessly, this is a good solution."
76561198026723268,Recommended,310790,16339681,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Emoished,"good, but the time to turn directions and the hitboxes are a pain, also the menus take forever to go through"
76561198042717855,Recommended,310790,16324348,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Docta Shade,A fun game that just looks beautiful with the Digital art style and a great shooter. I would recommend ALWAYS using a controller when playing this game or it will frustrate you to no end.
,Recommended,310790,16264572,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,SerSpam,"Love this game but what is the deal with the Mac release for the ""evolved"" update of this game? It says that it is installed, but then when I run the program, it loads the original one and not the Dimensions ""Evolved"" version, which was supposed to relese for the Mac OS in ""mid april."" Customer support to answer this question has been very unhelpful."
,Recommended,310790,16311552,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,SouprSalad,"No matter how fancy and badass my other games are, with their open worlds, and wild story archs and insane character development, I always default to hitting play on Geometry Wars. Why? Because you can't beat a simple classic. The Geometry Wars titles are downright to the point, with just enough glamour to satiate your desire for graphical eye candy. And what is it? Just a little ship, and an acid trip.Oh and did I mention the soundtrack?"
,Recommended,310790,16813326,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Banana,"So much is just right about this game. The new graphics look fantastic, all of the classic modes from the first two versions are present and true to the originals, plus the new adventure progression makes playing by yourself even more rewarding. I've never been very good at Geometry Wars, but I still love playing it, and this iteration makes the best parts even better. It's a trippy, electro-rave of a game, and it's fantastic to pull out with friends. Just a few quick rounds is normally enough for me in a day, but if you're actually good at these kinds of games, you'll probably enjoy playing for longer stretches of time. This game is at a great price considering it's a lot more than just a simple arcade game now. If you liked either of the first two Geometry Wars (or Nano Assault), you'll really enjoy this game. It's the complete GW package."
,Recommended,310790,16822990,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,D. Froggo,"This is the only twin-stick shooter you'll ever need. Geometry Wars 2: Retro Evolved was already really good with it's five game modes, each with a feeling of being it's own game. You had the race-the-clock feeling of Deadline, the suspense of Pacifism, the strategy of King, the overwhelming waves on Waves and, of course, the Classic mode with it's varying surprises.GW3 has all of what GW2 had but with the addition of campaigns with many that incorporate various new mechanics. In particular, 3D planes that rotate, curve, and circle. There is quite a bit more, but too much to list. All I can say is that if you're into games like this even mildly, this is a must have."
,Recommended,310790,17291022,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,nerodero,"Decent sequel, kept everything from GW2 and added a mission mode so there's not much to complain about. The music is good and the core gameplay is the same. There are some new power ups which are pretty interesting too."
,Recommended,310790,13096534,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Hafk,"Finally, a sequel to the games that were 80% of the reason why I ever turned on my Xbox 360. This game absolutely does not disappoint. It's quite simply twin stick shmup perfection, lots of various game types as well as all the classics (Pacifism oh how I missed you), beautifully designed maps, and its just as addicting as any Geometry Wars game (Very.) If this is the kind of game that's up your alley, you will not be disappointed.One complaint though, as a well-season veteran of GW2 Pacifism, the hitboxes are very different. Not sure if this is intended and I need to get used to it, or if its a bug."
,Recommended,310790,13093090,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Garrett156,its like the best 15 euros i spent in my life...been a huge fan of the previus 2 games this is what i needed right now!mix of the previus game with adventure mode and online play.great overall and highly addictive
,Recommended,310790,13082721,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Yun,I've played the first 2. Geometry Wars 2 was excellent. This one is even better. The classic modes in GW2 such as Pacifism and King are still there! Addictive gameplay chasing that ever rising global high score board. Awesome. 10/10. Your $15 will go a long way with this game. Best played with a controller.
,Recommended,310790,13084370,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,YackiiYackii,Very addictive! If you liked the old ones defientely pick this one up.
76561198062580548,Recommended,310790,13086276,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Hypnos' Advocate,Best game ever.
,Recommended,310790,13181876,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,{SW} -=[AJ]=-,"Honestly, this is probably one of the most legit Arcade games I've ever played. Some of these levels just Mind F*** you, and it's just brilliant. I deffinetly recommend it, and it's worth atleast 30 dollars, so the price it's going for now is just amazing. I've played the first one, which is OK. The second one was even better, but this one just blew my mind."
76561197961703695,Recommended,310790,13213564,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Jahpocalypse,♥♥♥♥ YES.  2014 GAME OF THE YEAR.
76561198044196973,Recommended,310790,13213647,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Marauderz,"If you haven't played any other Geometry Wars game but like Twin Stick shooters in general, welcome home to the game that started it all. The visuals are impressive, the stage variations make it more lively, You'll have a blast!!If you have played any previous game in the series, this is what I miss compared to the previous games- The soundtrack feels generic and forgettable, but I think mostly because..- The enemy spawn effects are muted and whimpy, I so miss the scary sound of dozens of snakes spawning at the same time in King where you know you're screwed! ;)Most importantly is that the game could have turned out to be complete crap, but it didn't! It's not the perfect GW3 , but it's still enjoyable by any fan of the series."
,Recommended,310790,13214839,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,LS Cujo,"Just as addicting as Galaxies, but way more colorful and higher quality and the challenge of being on the surface of a 3D shape."
,Recommended,310790,13194590,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,hanzyfranzy,"If you liked Geometry Wars 2, then you are going to love the third installment even more. The arcade adventure mode has dozens of levels (50 I think?), each unique in its own way. Think of them as 50 new modes to spend hours and hours on. Seriously, some of these levels will just mess with your head and have you restarting over and over again. They are very challenging, and even the most hardcore arcade gamers will be impressed. You thought playing on a plane was hard? Try a sphere. Also, all of the modes (pacifism, king of the hill, etc) from geometry wars 2 are present. It has local co-op and online play.I do, however, recommend a game-pad, even though the mouse controls are good.Honestly, this game has it all. Worth at least $30. What a steal."
,Recommended,310790,24160102,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Screwbles,"I'm so good is says I have NO RIVAL!  Oh wait, no, I just don't have any friends."
76561198006476640,Recommended,310790,24214137,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Morphy,"A great twin-stick shooter. I really liked Geometry Wars Galaxies on the Wii and I think this game is very similar to Galaxies. It's got a very good adventure mode as well as co-op and many other modes. Excellent graphics and music, great fun and plenty of replayabilty."
,Recommended,310790,24126684,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,DRUNKETEER,always loved the geo wars and i like this one just as much
,Recommended,310790,24266524,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ΩCheshireSH̶R̴̷O̶OMॐ,"Best installment yet of the twin-stick shooter. Trippy visuals, fun music, mind melting levels.Also recommended by Psychonautic Gaming Collective"
,Recommended,310790,23320175,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Snowmang ❄,"Hey lets play a game, oh wow the game i used to play on the wii has a sequel on steam, lets try it!5 min. laterwoaw so many colors.............. :0   bonus pellets!!! wonder what happens if i touch them...10 min laterwhy do friendliness pellets give you points1 hour lateri wanted to have a seizure anyway10/10 would get killed by bonus pellets again"
76561198067915339,Recommended,310790,23257535,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Doggo,"Great game! Really satisfying when you plow through 49 levels thinking you're unstoppable, but when you try the 50th level, your controller/mouse & keyboard and your monitor are all of the sudden broken. Anyway, very enjoyable!"
76561198034661246,Recommended,310790,23191807,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,PsychOut,This game was a blast. Chewed up a week of my life - but I was able to escape and feel the stress disappear. Provides just the right amount of challenge - right when you are ready to rage on a level; you beat it!
76561198093221503,Recommended,310790,23245640,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Toaster Bazooka,"7.5/10, not enough character development.-IGN"
,Recommended,310790,23763670,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,GS,"If you like arcade-style shooters, get this game. Works best with an xbox controller."
,Recommended,310790,23739969,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Hun,Just bought/tried 10 games on first day of Steam Summer sale... returned 9 except this one. Fun fun fun.
,Recommended,310790,23740231,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Tang60,Fun game
,Recommended,310790,23661289,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,AEM,I'm currently on level 20 of the Adventure mode. 30 levels more left. This game is a little bit difficult. I give this game a 8.5/10.
,Recommended,310790,23695463,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GODSER1.COM,The games amazing and out does the old games even.
76561198118815095,Recommended,310790,20758266,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,_Score,"At first its a extremely addicting twin stick shooter with the new concept of a 3D map, but once you get to the end game a online adventure mode with multiplayer will be the thing thats currently missing from this game. Other than that I would recommend this to a friend. 7/10"
,Recommended,310790,20776274,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,blob,"Best title of the serie! GW3 has an incredible amount of content. If you want to play the infite modes like in the previous titles you can do so in the ""classic"" area, but GW3 now THREE full single player campaign as well as a fourth co-op campaign. The levels are greatly designed and there's like over a dozen game modes each with different rules to force the player to play and think differently. All the modes are fun, and each have their own music. The soundtrack is as powerful as the one from the previous games except that there's ten tunes to love rather than one.Truly an amazing game, extremely polished and always fun to come back to to explore some new stuff or beat an old high score.The flaws are the same as the previous games though: It's still really hard to read where shapes are going to spawn with all the effects everywhere. Things are even more messy now that you have to collect shard multipliers ( which is a great addition in terms of risk reward mechanic).8.5/10"
,Recommended,310790,20764825,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,J0hnnieW4lker,Beautiful in S3D and very addictive!
,Recommended,310790,21492512,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,thinknervous,"Quite possibly my favorite shooting game. Lots of interesting game modes, plenty of levels to keep you occupied, cool graphics... But best of all, it's a nice forgiving game with variable difficulty (depending on how much you care about high scores), which is something many shooters lack."
76561198208050604,Not Recommended,310790,21512238,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,generaltantrum,my gtx 980 8 pack would not play it.
76561198111618059,Recommended,310790,21470594,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ZemoN ⁶ ⁶ ⁶,I would really recommend this game its alot of fun and very good graphics even a bad LapTop can play this game its awesome .Notice. i do have a stat not laptop
,Recommended,310790,21632277,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MrSidVicious112,Awesome im glad that they brought back the old game modes as well
,Recommended,310790,21195068,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Air Man,"There's many of these games types in the Steam Store, but this is the gold standard. GW3 contains a ""retro"" game mode, so there's no reason to pick up that -other- crummy XBL port. Also online multiplayer, local co-op, campaign mode, arcade mode, hardcore challenges and of course controller support. RIP Sierra Entertainment"
,Recommended,310790,21562259,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,extra saucy,"I upgraded from an Xbox 360 to an Xbox One for this game. Now that it's on PC, I'll probably never touch my xbox again."
,Recommended,310790,22657027,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,mindblaster42,has the original in it
76561198076831562,Recommended,310790,22625883,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,dany.offek,Great game. Very addictive.
76561198113063519,Recommended,310790,22639855,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Fb|| Ghost House,"This is a fun game, it has EVOLVED over the years. I recommend people to play this game. 10 outta 10!!!"
,Recommended,310790,22226656,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Benghazi,It's great.
,Recommended,310790,22333066,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,AtomizeR31,Awsome game.
,Recommended,310790,22539178,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Potato Burrito Murder Fingers,this game lets me skip math class10/10 would miss out on educational values again
,Recommended,310790,13432982,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Su10kt,"Honestly, I don't like the 3Dish effect they've added, but it's the closest I'm getting to Geometry Wars 2 on PC so I have to recommend this."
76561198102802345,Recommended,310790,22477739,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Stembacca,Do this game on drugs.
,Recommended,310790,22328929,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Andwizard,"This game is aswesome! This game is a game you can just sit down and relax, play a casual game. OR YOU CAN GO OLINE AND REK FACE!!!!!! Well I recomend it to mainly casual gamer, but if you like to play video games as a pro, its pretty fun."
76561198023840494,Recommended,310790,22487536,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Alucard,amazing
76561198094896490,Recommended,310790,28318421,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,burlapbee,Spawn kill the game.
,Recommended,310790,28437198,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mr.,"Great twin stick shooter that is a lot of fun. There is a lot of content especially levels, modes, enemies, this is a steal on sale. Highly recommend this game it certainly has the quality of how a video game is suppose to be. It's a lot of fun, kill tons of enemies and use special abilities and drones and in-level super states that make the mayem so satisfying every time. Plenty of replayability this is one of the best games I've purchased in a while."
76561198326494224,Recommended,310790,25328959,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ignatius,"Fast, fun and aggravating.Would throw controller at monitor again."
76561198165490881,Recommended,310790,29444450,Posted: 23 January,all,jasovanooo,very good but not as good as retro evolved 2 (i miss sequence mode)
,Recommended,310790,29309862,Posted: 16 January,all,Legion501st,"Most of the time I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ I'm shooting but it has a lot of lights and things around so yeah, that's basically all the game but still, fun to play. Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,310790,29595190,Posted: 30 January,all,Lothar,"I love Geometry Wars 3. It has a very nice look to it. (As far as I know) There is Adventure where you just go along these levels with a random mode applied to the level and every few levels you run into a boss and gets harder as you go on.  There are also a few other modes but the only ones I can think of is Pacifists mode (I F*CKING DESPISE PACAFISM LEVELS IN ADVENTURE). It does support controller as it is also on console (I'm only sure of the Xbox 360, not sure of any other platform).  Overall a great game but my only complaint is that when you're on the homescreen and when you press Esc and Enter/Return to exit out, it completely black screens my computer and I have to restart my computer to get it away at that point. I suggest that you instead just use Alt+F4 if you are experiencing the same issue."
,Recommended,310790,29154999,Posted: 9 January,all,Master Miller - Starring Kaz,This is an excellent game in every way. . .  except maybe the boss battles.
76561198022751934,Recommended,310790,14216448,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Manabender,"OVERDUE EDIT:It would appear that my complaint was addressed! The developers found it prudent to actually open up the majority of the game to scrubs like me.This merits giving it another chance, and I've already switched my recommendation from ""no"" to ""yes"".EDIT AGAIN:New first impressions are...surprising? I seem to be doing considerably better than last time. I two-starred the first two levels on my first attempt of each, which I don't seem to recall doing until at least a handful of attempts last time around. This isn't really with any memory benefit either; the extent of my memory of the game mechanics is ""left stick to move, right stick to shoot, and the green guys dodge your shots"". Given that a major update has been released since my last foray (which, of course, is the entire reason for the revisit), I'm honestly not sure if I've gotten better or the game has just gotten easier.The twin-stick shooter is still as fun as its ever been. It's high-octane fun at all times. There's not much that compares to blasting a wave of enemies down in a single second and eating up their multiplier boosts. On the flip side, there's not much that compares to blasting down all but one enemy in a wave, swooping in to collect multiplier boosts, then getting killed by the aforementioned straggler.The multiplier boosts, paired with their quick de-spawn time, makes for high-risk, high-reward gameplay, since picking them up almost always means you have to get uncomfortably close to enemies.EDIT ONCE MORE:Final notes: Geometry Wars 3 is still pretty hard, but it has thankfully left the realm of near-impossibility. This game has anextremelyhigh skill cap; you could probably play a level ten thousand times and still be able to eke out a few more points if you did things slightly better. (It's justbeggingto be TAS'ed)As far as design goes, Geometry Wars is masterclass. It does a lot of things right, including things that most players aren't going to notice are things done right. You'll be hard-pressed to find a better twin-stick shooter.There are a few things I'm tempted to complain about, but all of them are things that make Geometry Wars, Geometry Wars. For example, how frustrating some of the ""Score X points in one life"" levels are, given that a single mistake means failure. Most of the levels are short, and retrying is quick, so while frustrating, it's not intentionally frustrating.(Original unedited review below.)This game is****ing impossible.It's not a badly designed game. It's not a poorly controlled game. It's just impossible.The ""adventure mode"" contains a total of 50 stages. In each stage, you can earn up to three stars based on your score. The one-star score is a reasonable score, and you might be able to reach it on your first attempt. The two-star score is a very difficult score and will require at least a few attempts, as well as near-perfect play for at least the first half of the game (this is due to the way your score multiplier works; pump it super high early on and you can afford a couple mistakes later). The three-star score is a hyper-difficult score that theoretically requires perfection; I'm not a perfectionist, and I never got a three-star.Normally, all you have to do is reach the one-star score on a stage and you can proceed. However, every fifth stage is a boss stage, and you need to have a certain number of stars (in addition to clearing all stages up to it) in order to enter. The 10th stage requires 16 stars. Because 9 stages preceed it, you can earn a maximum of 27 by then. You'll need to attain 7 out of 18 ""extra"" stars. I managed a total of 13 stars before I was ready to throw the controller.Oh yeah, there's also the classic modes, virtually identical to those found in Geometry Wars 2.LOST STORY SHORT:Are you a total bad***, an arcade god, a sheriff of the sticks? (Or a TASer?) Get this game.Are you looking for a good dual-stick shooter, but aren't in the top 1% of gamers? Get Geometry Wars 2, which is pretty much just as hard, but at least lets you access the entire game.Neither of the above? Don't even bother."
,Recommended,310790,31054260,Posted: 9 April,all,EXiTiUM,"If you have a steam controller give this one a try, don't let it pass you by!"
,Recommended,310790,32184689,Posted: 4 June,all,L-Dot Skrilla Killa OG,"Played the Wii version, it's like that, but this is much harder."
76561198027875478,Recommended,310790,33552726,Posted: 14 July,all,Kaiser Hans,"Geomertry Wars 3 is a great throwback to a day where your sense of acomplishment would come from beating your high score. the game overall is very well done. in particular the visual flair and bright color helps the game stand out in a game scene with so many dull color palettes. my only gripe with the game is the Co-Op mode. while the Co-op mode is very good, it is also very short, it took me and my friend about an hour to and hour and half to do. which is a shame becuase that is where i had the most fun. why they didnt add the classic modes to the multiplayer is beyond me. they did it in geometry wars 2 and me and my friends spent hours playing it.if you are looking for a simple game you can play for 5 minutes or for 2 hours trying to desperately beat your highscore this is the game for you"
76561198071485604,Recommended,310790,33900003,Posted: 30 July,all,buymoreproduct,"tl,dr: Mad fun, endlessly stimulating and worth the sticker shock, probably the best title of the franchise, disappointing soundtrack.I was a huge fan of the Geometry Wars title for the old DS, and this pushes all of those buttons--even more successfully.  The stages are short, challenging, and significantly different from each other in most cases:  you could say that this is perfectly designed to soothingly accomodate your standard millenial gaming-induced adult ADD.This iteration of the series has a couple of features that really extend replayability.  One:  incremental plus-up-your-drones-and-supers skinner box works exactly as planned,  Two:  knowing what I really want out of a leaderboard, it displays your Steam friends' scores -first-, so you have a sense of meaningful competition against other mere mortals (and instantly deployable bragging rights.)  Three:  I'm a sucker for three-tiered score challenges, I guess.Anyway, it's my favorite game in the arcade genre.Some mild criticism:  The soundtrack is extremely limited.  I like all the music I've heard, but I feel like I've only heard about four tracks, three of them very same-y.  There's one (1) boss level track, but the game seems to be pretty into its gem-themed array of bosses.  The soundtrack for the DS was excellent, so this is an unexpected letdown.Criticism the second:  I've played about two thirds of the bosses, and they don't feel especially different from one another.  On the other hand, essential difference between levels in this game is largely a matter of different game modes and level parameters,"
,Recommended,310790,34074283,Posted: 6 August,all,Typhon,Good Game
,Recommended,310790,34380886,Posted: 20 August,all,stefer09,"Awesome game, played the heck out of it on ps4.  Now playing it again on PC.  Would like some friends who have it so we could compete in the leaderboards... :("
,Recommended,310790,13149870,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,y(A) ʜᴜɴɴɪɪʙᴇᴀʀ°,Here's the thing... I only play one mode out of like 100 (Pacifism) and even that's worth the 15 bucks.
,Recommended,310790,35059032,Posted: 18 September,all,Ash,"Fast paced, great fun, great particle effects.Reminscent of Tempest, or more accurately: Tempest 2000 on the Atari JaguarEach map is a 3D playing surface where you guide your ship, blowing up enemies and avoiding contact with them.Give it a try - if you like shooters, you'll enjoy this game.Also features world-wide leaderboards"
,Recommended,310790,15171238,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Neo Infinite,My one and only dislike about this game is that Sierra is not making a new Caesar game :@ :DThis game is AWESOME!
76561198057375848,Recommended,310790,15056765,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Khyzan,Seizure-simulator 2014!
