user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,310700,12357807,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Morsk,"It's a platformer. There's no combat. Some enemies are tricky to dodge, and the ""boss"" rooms have bullet hell obsticles. But mostly it's platforming and exploring. The exploring feels like a mix of Zelda II and a Metroidvania, but without combat.You probably want to know if it's worth the full price. If you like achievements and go for 100%, there's a good amount of stuff. There are optional areas with challenging jumps. There are 128 gems hidden throughout the world. Just ""looking out for them"" will get you around 100. Getting the full 128 takes a lot of exploring, and probably took me 10 hours of actual play. I stretched it to ~16 by doing replays for the ""big"" achievements, but I was stretching on purpose because I like replays. You can 100% in one playthrough.Without achievements, just playing to finish once, is probably 4-6 hours. It's lovely, has a variety of art and music, and a cool story. The themes (dreams, sense of self, etc.) are done beautifully, and avoided being pretentious. It probably helps that the game is written by a single dev, and is heartfelt. Whether to pay full price just to play through once would be very subjective. It's a better deal than a movie, or a pizza. But perhaps not compared to other games.Oh, the aesthetic. The CRT is great. It goes far beyond simple scanline effects seen in NES emulators and SweetFX. There's blurring, and little types of fuzziness and flickering that I don't know the right words for. They should seriously license this out to other pixel games. There's nothing else like it.edit: Btw, my playtime on this game looks crazy high because I was experimenting pulling map data out of it, to make guides. And once it was open, I tended to leave it open for the music. I like it, but 60+ hours is not something you should expect to get out of it, heh."
,Recommended,310700,32700896,Posted: 23 June,all,Salvia Hardon,"A nice little traditional platformer - Metroidvania, minus the combat.First, I highly recommend that you try the free predecessor to this game - my respect for that made me insta-purchase this when it went on sale.http://store.steampowered.com/app/286100/You_Have_to_Win_the_Game/Other reviewers complaints that this isn't as good as its predecessor may be valid. However, as someone who enjoyed the previous game immensely, Super Win the Game provides enough extra content that I got my fill of enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,310700,12317798,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Telos <VOLK>,"Pros:- The retro CRT TV filter is great. It may be a little overmuch at first, but the effect is totally cusomizable, or you can just turn it off entirely.- The story (although rather buried) is interesting. Not groundbreaking or absolutely stunning, but interesting...which is more than I can say for a lot of recent games.- There are a lot of ""borrowed assests"" in this game. While I'd normally take umbrage to swiping sprites from older, better games, they're here as homage, and are used with minor changes that make them more than xerox copies.- Secrets. False walls, floors, and hidden areas on the world map are fun to find, accidentally or not. The NPCs will point you in the direction of a lot of them, but hopefully you'll find some on your own, too.Cons:- The music is short loops that restart every time you enter a new area (which is frequently). I love chiptunes, but I had to turn it down to keep my head from exploding.- There's nothing to it. I'm now just shy of 2 hours into the game. I have seen the entire world map, cleared all the major dungeons, and have collected 3 of the 5 pieces of the King's Heart (i.e. ""The Big End Item""). I'm already tired of backtracking...- It's not ""open world"". Although you're immediately free to roam anywhere on the world map, you can't do anything (save talk to a few cryptic NPCs) until you get some items. The items must be acquired in a specific order, too. It's a bummer walking to the ends of the Earth just to have to walk all the way back because you can't double jump yet.- No fighting allowed. This game is strictly a platformer. You walk, you jump, you listen to villagers. You don't fight, you don't cast magic, and you dodge anything that looks like it might bite you. Not very fun.- It's expensive. Even with the 10% discount, this game just doesn't have that meaty cash-to-fun ratio I love as a PC gamer. Twelve bucks got me maybe 3-4 hours of game, and that's just not a very good value.All in all, if I had to compare this game to something, it'd be a piece of Fruit Stripe gum. A blast from the past that isn't bad but doesn't quite taste right, and gets stale far too soon."
,Recommended,310700,14819514,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Menin Gate,"For the retro gamer, this one has it all.1. CRT screen look and feel2. scan lines3. 8 bit graphics4. 8 bit sound5. 80s game soundtrackIt FELT like I was 15 again and it was 1986. What a great game and concept, mixing what was best about the era with a look and feel that matches.Not sure if I can go back and play more personally, simply because my account has way to much other content to interest me more.BUT if you want retro, you want adventure, you want platforming and you want to be back in 1986, this is your game!10/10"
76561198075455714,Recommended,310700,12356037,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Lemmywinks2,I bought Super Win the Game and Borderlands 2 on the same day. I played this more.
,Recommended,310700,21057249,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,noibn,"This is an absolute must-buy for fans of the previous game (""You Have to Win the Game"", available for free on Steam). It follows the same basic formula of platforming (there is no combat at all), exploration, and puzzle solving. Similar to the original, the look is retro, only this time around the inspiration is more from the 8-bit console era. In fact, the majority of the aesthetics are pretty blatantly, err, ""borrowed"", from Zelda II. While this might seem a bit shameful (and I suppose it is in some ways), it touches me smack dab in my happy nostalgic gaming place. This is pretty much a perfect game for someone like me who still looks fondly on those old days of gaming and wishes there were more games in that vein. The gameplay consists of exploring a top-down overworld map, and then exploring several side-scrolling locations (towns, caves, dungeons, etc) to solve secrets and collect the items needed to win the game. There is not a lot of hand holding, and there are lots of secrets, so you do have to pay close attention (or be very thorough exploring) to finish the game, which is something I really enjoyed. The bulk of the game involves platforming and solving platforming-related puzzles. The difficulty is mostly reasonable throughout, with just a handful of really tough spots, so it's a decent balance. Although it can be quite challenging at points, checkpoints are plentiful and there is no penalty for dying, so it's not too frustrating overall. I would not recommend it if you don't like platformers at all, or don't have a good controller, though. But otherwise, I think it is an excellent game for those who like old-school and/or challenging platformers."
76561198038834385,Not Recommended,310700,32708447,Posted: 23 June,all,MotherGoose,"I played the prequel to this game and thought it was fun, but this game is completely different. There is a lot of pointless walking around in between platforming sections, and if you're not sure where to go then you wind up doing a lot of backtracking. When you do get to the actual platforming, there's no actual challenge. Everything is really easy. Overall, I thought this game was boring and not worth buying."
,Recommended,310700,12331672,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,derw4tz,"So Super win this game,i really loved the first one and im a tad dissapointed in its ""sequel"".The problem is it is short for its price. around 5 hours playtime and i got a 90% completion rate (finding some gems that are behind invisible walls i guess)The gameplay is simple and not a xtremely difficult platformer like Iwbtg or Meatboy (ok its more a metroidvaniastyle of game to be honest)The Graphical presentation on the other hand... oh boy. Its sooo beautiful. It perfectly simulates and old TV with an 8bit console plugged in (flickering textures and thelike) Play in a dark room for maximum retrofeel.DO BUY IF YOU:-liked the first one and want to give some credit for it-are a sucker for beautifull 8 bit style graphics-are a casual platforming player that wants a tad more difficulty (its a metroidvania game as reminder)DONT BUY IF YOU:-expect a high price/playtime quota-are looking for a difficult game (meatboy level)-hate looking for secrets-hate pixelart duh (why do you even read the reviews dont you have something to do?)To be honest if it werent for the first game i may would have regret this buy but i see it more as 5 bucks for the first, 5 bucks for the second... i just had to win the game...."
,Not Recommended,310700,29013623,Posted: 4 January,all,Dr. Jones,"Mechanically, this game is identical to its predecessor, You Have to Win the Game. So far as I can tell having almost beaten the game, there are no items in Super that were not in You Have to, meaning that for gameplay, you're in for much the same.Coming from someone who really loved You Have to Win the Game, I found Super Win the Game profoundly boring. The charm and variety found in the original game has been shirked here for an ""open world"" style akin to Zelda II, losing the great sense of connectivity in You Have to for not much in return. In theory this means that Super can have varied environments in a way that You Have to never could, but in execution I more often than not found myself bored with the environments as they were something I had seen before in other better games, and I longed for the tubey VVVVV style world I loved in You Have to.Maybe with better spritework and environment building Super could've been better than the original. As it stands, You Have to is a much leaner, tighter experience with none of Super's fluff with more pleasing aesthetics and less aimless roaming."
76561198048960635,Not Recommended,310700,31797036,Posted: 16 May,all,Webriprob,"Personally, this isn't as good as you have to win the game.First, I didn't like the ""open world"" style as it lost the intertwinedness of the original game. everything was too far spaced apart and the zones were bland and mechanically the same. Because of this open world idea, this means there is a LOT of backtracking. far more than in the original, and I felt that the backtracking was a lot more fun in the original. In this game, it's walking around every dungeon in the world until you find that one hidden door that takes you to the gem, but in the original, it was more of a test of your skill and determination. Which brings me toPoint 2: It wasn't hard enough. This is my opinion, but the level design seems lazy when compared to the original. The original had a maze-like a dungeon with challenging tasks. This game was way too easy. The only hard part I found was the path to the arcadian's mask. The rest was more tedious than hard.Also, the graphics and story were not that great. This game blew up everything which made levels a lot easier, but I guess this is okay considering some of them scroll. I would have liked something that would have come off the snes, akin to Metroid style graphics. And Stemmons community looks really out of place. the CRT simulation on this was way too overwhelming and the story was subpar. in the original, you just fought the hollow king. you didn't need to know why you were doing it because the gameplay was solely on mechanics. adding villagers and a story seemed like wasted potential. There probably may have been a way to do this right. also, the music, while catchy was very short, and could have been done better, like in cave story.What I did like about this game were the speedruns. I liked competing against other players and some of the dungeons, while not that hard, were a little tricky. If the speedrun levels had been longer and more fleshed out I would have really liked itOverall this game is not worth 8 dollars and would have been really good if they had put more heart into it, and made it more akin to the original.I do like this game, but at its current price tag, I simply cannot recommend it. I rate it a 5/10 due to missed potential.You should, however, try their other game ""you have to win the game"" which is a really well made free to play game"
,Recommended,310700,12484524,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,( º ﻿Ｗａｒｐ Ｚｏｎｅ º ),"As someone who grew up in the early age of the SNES, NES and earlier platformers, this game is top grade nostalgia. In the day and age where literally every ""pixel indie game"" is generic, boring and uninspiring, it's a shocker to see a game that actually feels like it's something that would have been released a few decades ago. Super Win the Game is the sequel to You Have to Win the Game as stated, and boy does it deliver. The game takes a lot of inspiration from age old classics such as Super Mario Bros 2, Zelda 2, and much more. What really delivers in this game is a lot of backtracking, which was a key essential in adventure games back in the day. Some paths are inaccesible until you find certain powerups or items to advance or get jewels. The game overall would be quite short without the backtracking, but it's this exact key concept that retro games back then used to expand playtime on cartridges with rather small storage space, which is why the game feels exactly like an NES game. But of course, it's not just that. The additional options and features of having the old ""CRT TV Monitor"" with adjustable visual settings, along with the optional ""reverb"" for the chiptune styled music completes the experience and makes you feel like this game was actually made ages ago and not in 2014.TL;DR Nostalgia and NES freaks, this one is for you!"
,Recommended,310700,14942413,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,adolson,"I am not usually a fan of games that attempt to do the retro thing, because they usually mess something up. But this game absolutely nailed everything. For a game with zero combat, it was surprisingly enjoyable and didn't bore me at all. It's not going to be for everyone, but if you liked old-school games like Mario, Metroid, and Zelda 2, think of this as a bit of a mashup between the three, with no ability to attack. If you're not sure if you'd like this, you can always check out the previous game, called You Have To Win The Game - it's free here on Steam and somewhat similar.Linux note: the game works flawlessly. I used an ASUS Gamepad (for Nexus Player) with xboxdrv and it worked perfectly."
76561198024179463,Recommended,310700,13017210,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,kokmaister,"TL;DR: If you loved the You Have To Win The Game, buy this without a hesitation, NOW! :)A well executed sequel to You Have To win The Game. Bigger and better, with new abilities. Mixes in some light Zelda 2 elements, while making even deeper Metroid-style exploring, where you have to keep your eyes open in order to find secrets etc. Superb pixel perfect controls and tough, but fair challenges, with a great level design, just like in its predecessor (and even more for completionists).Highly recommended for any platformer fan.Only whine comes from the CRT shader, which looks really cool, but caused some headache for me (when I was playing a longer session). Fortunately it can be turned off AND tuned, so not a huge issue."
,Recommended,310700,12396478,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Jazzy Waffles,"When waiting for the release of Super Win the Game, I was very frightened that it couldn't live up to You Have to Win the Game, and even more nervous that it couldn't make the transition to a more RPG-style game. BOY was I wrong. Not only does this make me remember the old days, playing Adventure of Link on the NES... okay, it was the Game Cube. I'm not that old, haha. But this made me feel a great deal of nostalgia, while still keeping the parts of the original title that made it great, and also adding in a story that is really interesting (or can be completely ignored by someone who doesn't care for story). The CRT simulation is just as good as before, and I certainly hope we are due for some DLC some day, maybe adding more modes or content (like the DLC for the original which added Cat Mode and Permadeath Mode). Congrats on making the transition to the new style of gameplay, guys! You did great, and I would definitely recommend this game to anyone I knew who had a dozen extra bucks. :)"
,Recommended,310700,20529126,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Glypha,"It's worth it when cheap as a way to burn a few hours looking around for stuff and doing it all. The platforming is crisp, but only has a few areas of interestingly difficulty, and there isn't much that could be described as a puzzle. I believe the nom de guerre is 'metroidvania'.  It's pretty decent at that, and it occasionally makes a giggle, but it doesn't wow. The graphics are okay (I turned off all the cheesy effects), the music is good but rapidly becomes repetitive, and there are plenty of references to plenty of things. There are no regrets, but I doubt I will remember this in a time. Strangely, I found the related but free ""You Have to Win The Game"" more engaging and creative overall."
,Recommended,310700,23475273,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,popoki,"There are many indie/retro games these days that try to recreate the magic of NES platformers, but few do it as well as this game.  Now, don't get me wrong, it's no Shovel Knight or anything; it's not trying to push the polish of the genre or the 8-bit aesthetic to its limit or create something totally fresh and mindblowing.  By the name alone, you can pretty much tell its goals -- to be a fun, simple oldschool platformer -- and on this trial it succeeds.At the basic level, it's as simple as they come.  You can walk left or right, and jump.  That's it.  Well, okay, you can read signs, talk to NPCs and use doors, too (amazing!) and gain various powerups throughout the game a la Metroid that increase your capabilities a bit(nothing drastic, though a Mega Man X-style wall climb wasn't exactly expected, so that's cool).  And don't even think about engaging enemies -- you have no weapons and can't even jump on a foe to dispatch it.  Enemies are more like traps in this game to be maneuvered around, and all of the challenge is straight-up platforming.  Weirdly, there's also an overworld and towns that's all presented in a very Zelda II-flavored way.So the gameplay's quite plain, as is the presentation -- simple, nothing-special pixel graphics and a charming, but at times rather repetitive, soundtrack.  But then there's the CRT filter.  This game comes with a VERY complex, feature-rich, tweakable-in-every-way graphical filter that makes the game look like it's being played on an old tube TV like you really would have played an NES on in the old days.  It's extremely accurate and impressive, and I'd suggest at least trying it (it's easy to toggle in the main menu anytime), though I will admit even as it was hugely nostalgic for me I found myself disabling it most the time due to a preference for the crisp, crystal clear modern computer monitor look when playing the game seriously.  It's still rather awesome, though.As for things that are less-awesome... well, first, the gems, they're a bit of a letdown; they're the game's token collectible and also 'currency', but I use that term extremely lightly.  You can buy keys with them, or borrow keys from another shop for free but incur a debt... but there's really no reason to ever do either.  There aren't many locked doors in the entire game, and you can very easily find the 30 gems required for the infinite-use skeleton key before opening a single one -- plus there are free keys to find throughout the world.  Furthermore, most the locked doors in the game are crammed into the Waterway optional dungeon, and you might as well wait 'till endgame when you have most powerups to fully explore it before bothering anyway.  So long story short, most the use for the currency and two of the shops you see in every town feel very pointless overall.  You can also buy a 20-gem ticket to a secret bonus area later in the game, and... that's it.  You do get something for collecting every single one,but as far as I know it's just a trophy.It's still really fun to find them all, though, and there's lots of hidden rooms and totally secret whole areas to find for the explorer.There's also the story, which... I dunno if I should really put it in the negatives section, it just feels bizarre and out of place.  It's so... serious, existential and ..... well, I guess the point is that it's...it's seemingly the creator himself's inner exploration using an amalgamation of games from his childhood as a medium through which to kind of journal out these things.  I think.  It's weird.... Basically, it ends up being so weirdly overly verbose and needlessly grandiloquent and feels like it doesn't belong with any of the rest of the game at all, though I suppose that's the point.  I'm not sure how I feel about it, and it's all kinda shoved away in the corners of the game away from the ultra-generic 'technically-actual-storyline' so... whatever.All in all, though, this is a great buy for retro platformer fans.  Though it's over quite shortly and has little to do once you've finished it and found all the gems except for a cute little speedrun minigame, it's still really worth going through once if you like this kind of game at all."
76561198037822639,Recommended,310700,12387659,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,LonePiper,"There's not much I can say about this game that has not already been said, except to highlight the extreme attention to detail the dev has put into it. Of course there is the very comprehensive crt effects, sounds etc., that have been used to make one of the most faithful retro gaming experiences out there, but to me it shows most in the level/world design. If judging this game by the screenshots and gameplay videos, one could be excused for thinking it's just a series of bland, linear dungeons scattered about an overworld, but nothing could be further from the truth. Words that spring to mind when describing the level design are ""interwoven"", ""deep"", ""deliberate"" and ""meticulous"". Everything in this game is interconnected, everything has a purpose, and not a tile is out of place. Exploration in this game is an absolute pleasure, and while the overworld seems at times a little bit small, the various intersecting layers underneath it make up for it. The lack of combat is also refreshing, provided you can appreciate a game for what it is, not by what it is not.That being said, I think the world map is again let down a little for its complete lack of action - without combat, there is no real reason for random encounters, and besides randomness goes very much against the precision grain of this game anyway. Something feels missing in the world map to make it a little more engaging, but I don't know what it is...Overall though, if you enjoy hardcore platforming and extremely tight level design, or just love retro aesthetics this is the game for you. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,310700,12739982,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,dda,"Rating: 9/10Have you ever replayed one of your treasured childhood 8-bit games, only to be disappointed? It felt so different in your memory... Well, Super Win The Game feels the exact opposite of that. In fact, SWTG is what old childhood games should have been in the first place. Don't know what I am talking about? Try its freeware prequel ""You Have To Win The Game"", that is, if you grew up playing games on an old CGA-monitor. Put it simply, it is PURE AWESOMENESS.ProsLevel Design: this is probably what most reviewers will overlook, since the best level designs are the ones you don't even notice. The levels are just so complex and fun to explore, with its different themes and multiple secrets. And speaking of secrets, oh my, you will be served. I literally discover one every single time I load the game.Mechanics / Physics: Also an overlooked aspect for the same reason mentioned above. It just feels good to play. And the more items you collect, the freer you become. Again, try YHTWTG if you want to know how it feels beforehand, it's the same home-made self-developed pro-level NERD engine.Television Emulation: This one just completes the whole retro experience. It also has more options to experiment with than its predecessor. Although I recommend the default settings, which are the best in my opinion. Oh, if only we could apply it to other retro games on Steam...ConsThe music: It can become really annoying and repetitive. Especially for the fact that more than half of the tracks just don't fit the area you are in. The best example would be the ice area. In most old games, the area is expressed musically by a certain mystery and some high-pitched ""icy"" notes. Think SMB3's ice level map or even Zeliard for PC gamers. On the other hand, the main tune (let's call it the ""black and white"" track) is really good and fits the mystery and loneliness of the whole game. The waterways, lair and lava area tunes also fit adequately. The rest just soon gets on your nerves. So it's up to you to keep the music on or not.Length: I guess a speed-run could be done in less than two hour, though the first time you play, you will go back and forth, get lost, try to figure out what to do next, etc. I guess it took me about 7 hours of ""normal"" gameplay to beat. Then you can go back and look for all the secrets you missed the first time. Still, the downside of having an amazing game like this is that you will always want more of it.Other observationsWeird messages/poems (black and white sequences): This one, well, I'm not sure what to think of it. Perhaps they are some kind of riddles I haven't figured out yet. The other possibility is that they are just the author's personal poetic thoughts, which add even more artistic value and mystery to the game.Interaction: By this one, I mean that I feel there could have been more interactions with non-playable characters populating the cities and such. I guess the author wanted the player to feel a certain loneliness, but some Zelda-like sub-quests for example would have been fun.Secrets: As I mentioned in the pros, there are secrets everywhere. The thing is, if you are a bit of a perfectionist and want to collect all the gems and items, you will end up wasting a lot of your time scrutinizing each screen (i.e. stick to walls and jump like an idiot) in hope of finding new invisible secret passages.As you can probably see by the length of this review, I have just had A BLAST playing this game. I am now just wishing for some DLC of sort that could add quests, items, heck even an entire new level with some good chiptune music. A retro boxed version would be awesome too. Anyway, It is a MUST-BUY for all you nostalgic gamers, especially of the 8-bit generation.p.s. There is now a DRM-free version that include a Steam key on the author's website for those who feel somewhat uncomfortable with the ""Steam-way""."
,Recommended,310700,27467774,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Target Audience:NES fans looking for a Trip of NostalgiaSummary:Don't let the graphics fool you. It's a nostalgic trip back in several ways, where you would play in front an old CRT screen and its glow during the night. The presentation and control set complement this quite well, keeping things simple but still engaging. Now granted, if you're expecting a NES hard platformer, Super Win is not the game for you, as the difficulty is a bit on the easier side in most cases. Sure, once in a while you'd get a difficult section, but this is more of a walk in the park to remember the old days then a controller throwing affair. The soundtrack is a good mixture of the old 8 bit classics, and its clear that the developer remembers those days fondly. For me, it's the perfect sale title: while you won't be blown away by any one of the game's elements, it's solid across the board, and a mostly relaxing experience. A good sale title.Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X42Xsth7QKcLists:Positives:Captures the nostalgia and retro feelings of sitting in front of CRT TV. The graphics may look “bad”, but it's used to capture the era of the games its trying to represent, and it succeeds.Catchy 8 bit sound track.Despite the title, smart level design and gameplay that takes you back to the era of the NES.Controls work for the most part. They are designed with precision in mind, but not being too flexible. It will punish mistakes, which I want.Powers and the overworld allow you some good flexibility in terms of your adventure. Good mixture of difficult and easy gem gathering, and that sweet spot where an item that you got would make it easier, but you can get the gem if you use your skills.Good variety of hazards put together in different ways.Negatives:KO punch. There's no oompf in the end, nothing that knocks you out. It's solid in a lot of ways, but nothing that screams “you have to play this”.While you can go to the fortune teller at any time to get a hint, there's a lack of direction as a whole that can get annoying.The ice in the ice levels needed to effect you more. If you're attempting to go for slippery, this wasn't it.Wanted more difficulty in several ways. It didn't capture the NES hard."
,Recommended,310700,14900107,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Attilion,"Comparatively easier thanYou Have to Win the Game- its freeware predecessor - it's also larger and has lot of fun to give. Inspired by the Adventures of Link (the second NES Zelda) with its overworld and overall feel, this game is a great retro platformer with gorgeous music."
76561198193394119,Recommended,310700,24243002,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,megamanmatteo,"This was the first game i bought on steam and it still remains as my most favorite. I love retro games and this one felt like it fit in with all the classics, and i have no regrets spending 8 extra hours resetting it and beating it 100% again just to get 1 achievement.Super Win The Game is a must- play for everyone, especially those who have played the original and/ or love retro-styled platformers with amazing nostalgic and memorable soundtracks, tons of secrets, speed running, infinite lives (who wouldn't love that!), and puzzling dungeons.This game fills me with so happiness because over time it just grew on me with its charm. Despite its simplicity and lack of the action that attracts most modern audiences, it was entertaining, unique, and ultimately satisfying with every room i completed. I don’t even want to know how many times I died in this game (there is a counter), but i could never rage quit knowing I had another item to collect that would make my travels faster and help me overcome the next obstacle that kept me from accessing another area.Its free-roam exploration design on a huge map filled with a vast amount of environments kept the adventure interesting, and i can still remember how mindboggling it was when I discovered one of the many secret areas in the game. i did find them all on my own, but I eventually did need to use a guide to keep track of collecting the 128 gems available to collect for a 100% play through.Back tracking is required, but it becomes much easier as you advance and collect more powers and items in game. I found it interesting how even the hardest areas were accessible from the start of the game, but something as minor as a single platform would keep you from going where you are not supposed to because you are too early in the story. The only way I had figured out where I had to go next was by looking at where I had already been and finding the places I had not yet explored, or I had to back track to find out that an NPC’s dialogue that I had skipped had secret information as to a location of an item important to advancing. Thus, PATIENCE AND CURIOSITY IS KEYAnyways, I CANNOT STRESS ENOUGH how charming, unique, frustrating, and deep this game is, and you would understand my rambling much better if you played it yourself.10/10Would play again....and again."
,Recommended,310700,12421617,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,VeryBadPing,"This is the definition of a hard platformer. The game level design is really good, the gameplay bloody good. If you like platformers, it must belong to your collection. This will give a lesson to all designers of platformers out there: if your gameplay is not of Super Win The Game level, it means you must work more and harder on your game. I did not finish it since I managed to erazed my save game. I'll play it again probably once I have my futur custom GNU/Linux up and running, it's too good."
,Recommended,310700,12336893,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,MythicDawn,"First thing i want to point out is the awesome soundtrack, i recommend spending the extra couple $$ to get the soundtrack with the game.the game's controls are smooth and fluid, very simple to use as i am using a 360 controller. the game has a nice fuzzy look to it almost as if you are playing on an old school retro tv from the early 80's although i have only played a very short amount of this game i have to admit from the little i have played it is a must have for anyone who enjoys the retro age."
76561198080662201,Recommended,310700,12412082,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,olenananas,"While being a bit on the short side (only ~3 hours unless you aim for 100% completion, which bumps it up to around 9 hours), offers quite a fun experience nonetheless.Would not recommend the soundtrack edition unless you seriously like short chiptune songs.The game holds truer than most to the ""Metroidvania"" style, with sequence breaks, powerups that are ""required"" to proceed and quite a decent speedrunning candidate.  It is quite easy though.Overall, decent game and more metroid-y (and Zelda 2-y) than most metroidvanias out there, it is a bit on the expensive side though."
,Not Recommended,310700,13177961,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,TOG | Optimus BoxCrate,"Note: although the time-sheet says I didn't play this for long, I played it largely offline - meaning I've spent about 45 minutes in it.I'm sorry, but I didn't like this, and I kind of expected to. I played You Have to Win The Game and enjoyed it immensely, partially because of the atmospheric CGA graphics, partially because I just thought it was good. I think there was more of the author's heart in it. It got to the point, showed you what was needed without showing you explicitly. There was no fluff.This game... the CRT simulation (particularly the long ghosting) made me personally nauseous, to the extent that I had to turn it off (and then the game looked bad). This was unfortunate because the less-strong CRT simulation in YHTWTG was fantastic. The music was unatmospheric. I turned that off. What I was left with was a bunch of running around, doing nothing, talking to people who said nothing, really. It was boring. Worse, it was overpriced too.I expected better. I get the feeling the developer didn't really get any honest feedback with playtesting. Because ho-lee, this isn't worth $15. Though I was happy to pay to support the developer for his efforts in You Have To Win The Game.Eventually I worked out which settings controlled the ghosting effect but getting into technical details that early in the game took the shine off it right away."
,Recommended,310700,17632263,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,MarioBataliJr,"Great game that has a mix of Zelda and Metroid, if you like both of those franchises, get this game."
,Recommended,310700,12318448,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,iddqd,"This game is the successor of ""You have to win the game"" which is a free to play title on Steam.Anyhow, this game doesn't have much to do with that game other than gameplay-wise. It's a mixture of a few games like Zelda 2 for the NES, I wanna be the Guy and Mutant Mudds Deluxe. It's definitely still a unique experience and you will notice pretty quickly that the dev put a lot of effort into it.You have an overworld map and enter several dungeons. You also have the ability to kinda ""fast travel"" since there is an underground map in which you can access doors to previously visited levels, if unlocked.The only thing which I have to critisize is the pricing. 13 bucks is just a lot for this kind of game. Of course, it's an indie devoloper and all, but considering the content, the pricing simply just seems way too high. I'd suggest a pricing of 9 bucks or so. If I were you, I'd definitely wait for a sale. It's worth the wait. I bought this game on day one since I've been looking forward to this for a long time now.I havn't been disappointed but yet I wasn't surprised as well. I think it would be kind of unfair to rate this game as ""generic 8bit-style platformer"", but yeah. It's not MUCH more than that.However, I'll still recommend this game as it combines some very interesting gameplay elements into one game and it's fairly new so the dev still has some time to add new stuff."
,Recommended,310700,17081670,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Pugglevania Bloodlines,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_tzh694WUQ&list=PLVztdvLo9C10W3AZe6K6ojY7sEn_VAxOC&index=3Super Win the Game is Zelda 2 to the neck, with Metroid at the head. You are going to be exploring a large top-down overworld, you are going to scour side-scrolling dungeons, you are going to consult a myriad of townspeople, and you are going to find pieces of heart (not for you, however-- they're for the King).I always found Zelda 2's combat to be somewhat frustrating, so for Super Win the Game to NOT feature combat was, honestly, a sigh of relief. That makes it purely about exploration, about finding secrets in the overworld map, about trying to jump to impossible places, and all of the fun that Metroidvanias (and Zelda games) inspire.The visuals are a little plain but the CRT shaders are awesome, pretty perfectly implemented. You can turn them off but I just don't think it's the same experience if you do that.Every region has its own Metroid mini-map which is great, although I wish the mini-map had more indicators than just gems (checkpoint and keys on the map would have been nice as you discovered them). I like that you can buy a skeleton key if you don't feel like hunting down all the keys (which is probably hard to say because that is a pretty important part of the exploration). Fast travel probably could have been a bit better but it's servicable.Ultimately the important thing is the price: It's just 8 bucks, and very cheap at sales time. This is a good cheap Metroidvania that does honor to the NES classics and evokes some of those old feelings in an organic and genuine way."
76561198072182182,Recommended,310700,16772707,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"Super Win the Gameis so simple and pure that it attains religious profundity!  Our peripatetic ascetic, the Wayfarer, can never lash out; he can only run, jump and cling (as his faith dictates).  His triumph comes not with the destruction of a fanged foe; it is in opening the way and gazing upon the hidden.  Simply by this, he changes his world.For you old-school platforming enthusiasts, playing this game will be like performing a mystic rite; you will feel yourselves being pulled through the bulge of the CRT filter into a higher, better plane.(The snatches of text are never voluminous but they are very well-written.  They are by turn sweet and deep, adding to the feeling of Zen the gameplay carries so well.)"
,Recommended,310700,32962224,Posted: 28 June,all,isaacbee,"A fun neat little Metroidvania game, and I really dig the whole retro CRT aesthetic. This game is a sequel, so if you haven't tried out You Have to Win the Game, go do that first (not for story reasons or anything, but YHTWTG is free so you might as well test the waters with that one)."
,Recommended,310700,12432708,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,khaos,"Take the Mario series of jumping and obstacles, and the Zelda series overworld and basic level design, throw them in a blender with other original NES games, and you have Super Win The Game.  This game is very addictive, best aspects of your old favorites from the NES days all cramed into one game with a decent story to follow along with.Can be a little difficult at times, until you realize what the hints you are being given mean, then you just feel stupid for not seeing it on your own the first time. :P  The controls are simple, but for the real old school retro feel, pair the game with a controller.  I didn't figure that one out till almost 10 hours into the game.  Really feels like the old days of sitting in front of the TV playing Zelda."
76561197990194469,Recommended,310700,17645720,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Varshyl,Enjoyed the game especially the retro feel of Zelda 2.  Worth a purchase if less than $5.
76561198113547809,Recommended,310700,17497747,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,KozCooper,"HOTDAMN! This game is great! A proper follow up to ""You Have To Win The Game""! The CRT simulation and CGA/EGA graphics are what drew me to the first one, and this game has even MORE simulation options! Really fun too, and easy to get addicted to. Its like heroin without the negative side effects!101/10 WILL PLAY AGAIN"
76561198024938249,Recommended,310700,16398453,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Noser,"This is a game for people who like exploring big grids of 2D tiles and taking notes to figure out what places are left to visit. It is also a game for people who like very precise jumping with instant-death spikes and (usually) conveniently nearby respawns. Similar games include Knytt Underground and VVVVVV. It is good at what it does, and I personally like it, but it is looking for a particular type of player and will be of no interest to anyone else.The soundtrack is very loopy and gets a little annoying."
,Recommended,310700,17225284,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,43Dark_Nero,A Nostalgic style game.It's amazing.Like... You should get it.
76561197981588360,Recommended,310700,20974175,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,40GallonTophat,"Precision platformer with great controls.  Very similar in playstyle to a game like Knytt, with no attacks and metroidvania styled power ups.Pros:+ Tiny game and will run on even the lousiest pc+ Great controls+ Really scratches the explorers itch+ Tons of secrets hidden throughout+ Linux support+ Decently large world to exploreCons:- Lots and lots of backtracking- Not very visually interesting- Story is lackingtl;dr: easy to recommend at under $10."
76561198034968116,Recommended,310700,28955364,Posted: 2 January,all,abbelo,"This game hooked me and never let go. The exploration's just.. plain fun. Even though you have no way to attack enemies, at all, building up your character through items and such is extremely satisfying.If you've played ""You Have to Win The Game"" and enjoyed it, this one's pretty much a must-have. If you haven't played that one, you can pick it up for free, go enjoy it, and then buy the hell out of this game."
,Recommended,310700,19009883,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,WorthyD,"This game is a lot of fun. It does a really good job of progressively getting more challenging, but not getting impossible.  It is a wonderful platformer with a good retro feel.Pros:Zelda II style graphicsGreat MusicControls are very responsiveNever crashed on meCons:I never felt the need to throw my controller in frustration.I really hope Win the Game 64 comes out soon,"
76561197972568669,Recommended,310700,12438115,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ISD,"An awesomely fun adventure platformer honouring the fine(st) 8-bit traditions. I like the music quite a lot, but I'm heavily into chiptunes in general. The controls are sharp and the platforming is occasionally damn challenging, but in a good way. The reason to the failed jumps is always clear and your own fault.No, I haven't quite completed SWtG yet, as I struck a wall at the King's lair and I assume it's because I hadn't found all the required toys (tools) yet. Until that wall was hit, I was almost addicted, trying to solve everything and anything."
,Recommended,310700,29871172,Posted: 12 February,all,NeoTheFox,"Very good game!It's simple, yet very interesting, the barebones mechanics and steady progression with upgrades and secrets is very satisfying.The only downfall is that some required upgrades are hidden in the places you can only stumble on randomly, while others are well hidden, yet still provide you with hints."
76561198026761590,Recommended,310700,12395352,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,PunchkinFace,"This game is a great successor to the first one. Now with music and more color it has jumped from early 80's computer game to late 80's computer game! I do have to say the challenge was a lot more balanced in the first game, there is a part I'm stuck on currently while I am writing this review that has frustrated me beyond belief. The level in the other world with the giant pit of spikes you have to fall down and avoid. I feel like it's more of chance and luck to make it through that part which isn't the kind of challenge I like and makes me want to exit the game. Other then frustrating parts I still love the asthetic beauty of this game and the predecessor and look forward to seeing more."
,Recommended,310700,12474035,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,noobsticks,Crazy fun and intensely charming. The platforming gives a good challenge without getting too insane. Totally worth the 13 buck asking price.
,Recommended,310700,12495856,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Netherfiend,"I was eagerly anticipating this game after getting through the free and also great ""You Have to Win the Game"" that released on Steam earlier this year. Maybe a tad high priced, but I feel it fair since I effectively paid for the first one as well. If you're not sure, check the original out first.This is a great platformer game. You'll see shades of Mario, Zelda 2, Metroid and others here. But there is no attacking, only dodging and serious platforming work. I got a solid 4 hours of enjoyment out of it, and it was well worth it."
,Not Recommended,310700,17715439,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Genocide Giraffe ❤,"Its just not the same as the original. I personally like the first game WAY MORE! This game just doesnt play the same, however this isnt a bad thing. some people may enjoy this game, I however, do not."
76561198065137398,Recommended,310700,15106444,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Охотник на нубов,Лучший эмулятор старого телевизора.
,Recommended,310700,28948769,Posted: 2 January,all,Dolphin Lundgren,"This game left a mixed feeling but it's probably my own fault for not reading the comments properly.I read ""Zelda II-alike"" and jumped the bandwagon immediately.This game isnota copy of Zelda II on the NES. Sure; the graphics, music and controls are strongly reminiscent of the NES era (think about the last world of Mario 2 when you walk through the Sky Pillars, for example) but this game is 'only' a platformer. There is not combat, the game takes 5 hrs to beat and the story is somewhat inexistent. There are some books to read here and there but it's mostly gibberish and irrelevant to the adventure. So if you try to compare with the 'Nintendo-hard' games from the 80's, you're nowhere near the ballpark.So make sure you know what to expect: it is a nice platformer (again, no combat) with a bit of challenge if you try to clear all the achievements. Still worth the price tag but if you can get if during the Steam sales, it's a good bargain. I'd give it 7/10."
76561198025752844,Recommended,310700,19560168,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,[ LT.DAN ],"It's an OK game, and an awkward sequel to You Have To Win The Game, which is 10 times better.I wouldn't buy this before playing the first one."
,Recommended,310700,20514746,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Psychometric,"This game had high expectations as the sequel to the popular 'You Have To Win The Game', a retro-style indie platformer / MetroidVania available for free right here on Steam. Personally, I think it delivers.Gameplay wise the game is an extension on the original, with a greater variety of areas to explore, as well as a new overworld map for travelling between areas. There is also a more structured attempt at a storyline this time around. I think this game was a little easier than the first, although there are still some very challenging areas that will take multiple attempts to progress through.The game retains the MetroidVania style item-collecting and backtracking through previously visited areas with new abilities in order to collect missed stuff and reach more new areas. The game itself is not too long (although much longer than the original), so it never felt boring having to go back to areas too much, I finished it in about 5 hours although I think it could be done much faster than this if you know the path to take, and like the first game this could lend itself well to speedrunning.Graphically, the game is a near-perfect homage to the NES era of home consoles, the visual design has not-too-subtle hints of Zelda II (not to mention the overworld map and the layout of towns and dungeons are clear references to this game). The game looks lovely on it's own, but I have to commend the developer for their CRT TV simulation which is even better than it was in the first game, and really adds to that retro feel.I have to highlight the music in the game as well, which is just wonderful, anyone who likes retro game music or chiptunes in general will absolutely love this soundtrack.Overall I highly reccomend this game, and would urge anyone that had fun with 'You Have To Win The Game' to check it out!"
,Recommended,310700,31760090,Posted: 14 May,all,Starspire,"This game has been my time killer for months, and I'm only just now writing about it.I got this game in the summer and instantly fell in love with it after playing You Have to Win the Game. It's nostalgic, it's chippy, and it's really fun.Truly 100%ing the game will take you a while, but it'll be some of the funnest times of your life if you enjoyed old games like Zelda II, Metroid, etc."
,Recommended,310700,16378716,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MadTux,"As someone who lovesYou Have To Win The Game, I honestly find Super Win the Game a bit of a disappointment: You seem to spend most of the time walking around and looking at signs, rather than getting past tricky spots.Still, if you can grab it during the sale, I'd have a look at it."
,Recommended,310700,13625869,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Cobble,Surprisingly addicting! I played a bit of this game and I already love it. The graphics are awesome!
76561198005434974,Recommended,310700,33684396,Posted: 20 July,all,lucern,"This is a charming little platformer that combines retro aesthetics with high quality indie game design.  Its music is also simply fantastic.  I'm not much of a platformer, and I never owned a Nintendo back in the day, but I found myself unable to put this down until it was finished.  It's decently challenging (especially so in parts), but it rewards your efforts well with interesting abilities all over the place."
76561198043650217,Recommended,310700,17684148,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Primm Slim,"Super Win The Game is a retro run n' jump platformer. It has great music, the controls are tight, and It has tons of secrets for you to find. I bought it on sale, but at 8 dollars full price, this game is a steal in my opinion. I had a blast playing it, and when I beat it I found my self wanting more. In fact, my only real complaint is that the game is a little too short."
76561198020441519,Recommended,310700,35067786,Posted: 19 September,all,amethyst7,"Awesome game. I played You Have to Win the Game first, and while I enjoyed that, I thought this game was an improvement, smoothing out some of the rough edges, and appealing even more to my sense of nostalgia. The game is a definite nod to Zelda 2, with lots of nods to other great NES games. I saw some people comparing this to metroidvania games, and while there are some minor elements there, I would not put this in that genre. It's closer to Zelda 2, Battle of Olympus, Faxanadu, and the older Mega Man games than a full metroidvania.There is some backtracking in the overworld involved, but it was pretty minor timewise, and the exploration of the overworld to find some of the hidden areas was worth it, for me. I also loved the music - I could see it potentially being grating to some, but as I grew up with the games this is emulating, the music was a huge win for me.I felt like this game got me to interesting-levels-of-platforming more quickly than the first game, introducing double jump and wall slide nice and early, and had some really enjoyable platforming moments, without any of the overly punishing long and difficult backtracking areas that the first game had.Even if you don't know the original games (like my friends 8 year old that also loved this game), I highly reccomend this just on the platforming elements alone."
,Recommended,310700,17660602,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,🅹🅰🅸❷🆈🅴🆄🆇,"Down to the catchy music and the screen transitions, everything in this game will remind you of the good old days of NES action platformers, without the troublesomeness of continues and having to start all over again. The savepoints are plentyful and well placed in order to reduce the frustration of having to do that hard part all over again (although the game still has its share of tricky parts). Metroidvania done right is what this game is.  Faithful to its source material (every sound seems to remind you of The Goonies 2 or Megaman).  10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,310700,12487784,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,(; ･`д･´),It's a fun and short little metroidvania. The CRT effect is really neat and they've definitely put the effort in to evoke some NES-era vibes. Namely Zelda II.Has a bit of an over-reliance on mazes and frustrating wall-jumping puzzles with spikes and the like. But it's still not as unfair or annoying as a lot of actual NES games.If you're really craving some metroidvania this'll keep you going for a good few hours or so. Depending on how good you are or how much you want to collect every gem.I'm keen to see what these guys make next.
,Recommended,310700,25253685,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,"Greg, Lord of All Elements","Do you like platformers? Do you like games that feel they are from the early 90s? Do you like Winning the Game? If so, this game is for you.It looks, sounds, feels and plays like an old NES/Master System game. It's your basic faire - run around, collect gems, avoid enemies, and win the game - much like it's predecessor, except this time, there's a huge world to explore, connected by a Final Fantasy I-style world map.You Metroidvania your way around the world, finding powerups to open doors in previous locales. If you rush through it, you'd probably be done in a couple of hours, but if you want to 100% it (which isn't too hard - there's no No Death/Speedrun achievements this time around), it'll take you 5 or 6.There's also a great bunch of guides for when you get stuck finding those last 5 gems. So, whether you want to explore it all yourself, or just want to 100% it in a speedy fashion, there's options for all kinds of gamers.So, all-in-all, very reccommended."
,Recommended,310700,12331080,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Loquori,"Pros: CRT mode for maximum nostalgia, good level design with appropriate checkpoints, quick and agile movement controls, lots to exploreCons: repetitive music, ""I'm too old to remember where I saw that thing that I now know that I want to return to."""
,Not Recommended,310700,34748425,Posted: 4 September,all,Occamy,"Really liked the game, however, I repeatedly ran into a bug which crashed the game. This occurs ever 15 minutes or so, making it difficult to enjoy the game. A shame, because I found the game incredibly fun when it wasn't crashing. If anyone knows how to fix this, I would be happy to know, but for now, the review is going to be negative."
76561198181861549,Not Recommended,310700,32444108,Posted: 15 June,all,The Man in the Moon,"I HAVEN'T FINISHED THIS GAME, but I may never do so. This game was a big letdown after the awesome little ditty that was You Have to Win the Game. And here's why I think that:1: The music sucks. Not only does it make my ears bleed, but it creates an atmosphere that I just don't enjoy. I wanted more quiet creepyness like in the original.2: The color palette. Again, for the atmosphere. I guess the dev was going for a more cheerful game this time, but it just rubs me the wrong way.3: The overworld. It makes the whole game (as far as I've gotten) feel disjointed. The original game was like one big level; this game is like a hundred tiny levels that take forever to get to.4: The NPCs. They have terrible dialouge. I dread talking to anyone because of how dry I know they'll be.Even the parts of the game that ARE like the original worry me. There are ""dream sequence"" things that I suspect will lead nowhere. They're fun while they last, but they don't last very long, and do they have any point? I don't know, and I'm not sure I care enough to find out."
76561198004785038,Not Recommended,310700,17254504,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,davis_zaq,"I had a hard time getting into this game. The world is almost too open; it's hard to get a sense of where you should go next (and when you're done with an area), and I don't feel invested in any particular area when I can walk across practically the entire world map uninterrupted. If I can just walk into whatever dungeon I want, it doesn't feel like there's much separating the different areas from one another. The map looks big, but there's actually relatively few explorable areas. (The desert, while hardly the only example, is illustrative here: there are basically just three areas in the entire desert, despite it taking up quite a few tiles on the map. There are no enemies to fight and no challenges to encounter between the desert town and the desert ruins, which makes me question why the desert is there at all. Pretty much every area in the game is like this to a greater or lesser degree.)The game is mostly pretty easy, though there are a couple rooms with a challenge level that's way out of scope compared to everything around them. There's no combat; there are enemies who can kill you, but you can't affect them in any way, so they're really just mobile obstacles rather than true enemies. This isn't necessarily the worst thing ever (I can respect a game with no fighting), but the fact that there aren't really very many of these enemies just intensifies the lack of feeling of challenge or opposition. There really isn't much standing in the way of anything you want to do; there are mobility upgrades you need before you can explore everywhere, but since you can just walk from one area to the next with basically nothing in your way, there's no struggle to get back to an area once you've picked up the relevant item. The entire game just seemed to lay itself at my feet, which made me question why I was bothering in the first place.To give credit where it is due, I found the control scheme to be intuitive and reliable. The game's simple enough that it would be downright embarrassing for it to not have a simple control scheme, but I still felt like the controls were responsive, and I never really felt the need to blame the controls for any screw-ups I may have made. I played with an Xbox 360 controller, and it worked perfectly from the get-go.The game's most unique feature is the graphical CRT simulation. The game does a good job of making itself look like you're playing it on an old TV, right down to a little reflection visible at the edge of the screen. Whether this is actually a good thing is debatable; I admit that it pushed a nostalgia button or two, but in general, I don't find myself pining for the days of old unreliable CRTs. The CRT simulation is cute, but it's ultimately nothing more than a gimmick, and I wouldn't count it as a selling point for the game.The music is forgettable and fairly annoying. I respect chiptunes when they've got strong melodies, but that isn't the case with this game. It's tinny and artificial for the sake of being tinny and artificial, and the melodies aren't interesting enough to make up for the low technical quality. (Several areas also have songs that really don't seem to have anything to do with the mood of the area in question, which doesn't do the game any favors.)Overall, I just never felt challenged playing this game. Without challenge, there's no real sense of accomplishment, so the whole thing was ultimately disappointing. I admit that I just beat the game without getting 100% of the gems, but I wasn't sufficiently invested in the game to really want to spend the time getting 100% completion. There's no real feeling of progression, even as you travel from area to area and pick up upgrade after upgrade. I understand that the game isn't asking for a lot of money, but you really aren't getting a lot of game in return for your investment."
,Not Recommended,310700,24764209,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,FurrySnowflake,"At first, the game was pleasant, interesting. I even endured the seemingly impossible bits (over 600 deaths now), to further my progress. Now, because the game doesn't even have a simple way to tell you what you have, where you've been, or where you need to go, i'm left without knowing where i need to go next, to collect that last heart. At this point, i don't even want to know any more. Perhaps i'll return in a few years, after i've forgotten a little of how boring and frustrating this game can be. (It's the first time i've ever played a game where you can get stuck *inside* a level.)"
76561198018446175,Recommended,310700,29241894,Posted: 14 January,all,COM/RED,"Oh my god I love this game so much, especially with the CRT-Simulation :)Also the Predecessor ""You have to win the game"" which is free and you should play it now if you haven't!"
76561198258958745,Recommended,310700,24470570,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SonicBoomNFA,"I'm going to start off by saying that this game wasn't difficult. It wasn'tnearlyas difficult as the original You Have to Win the Game; it's way too forgiving for that (except for a few exceptions, but that's besides the point). That being said, the adventure aspect was amazing to me; finding hidden parts of the map, discovering gems, talking to NPCs; it never got stale. It also had a bit of a creepy side to it with those books; it's strange how a retro game can make someone feel actually anxious as they go through those sections of the game; the writing was just that good. If you're into the platforming aspect that you might have struggled with in YOLO mode of the first game or whatever else, I really wouldn't recommend this game, but if you just like exploring and findng stuff, then you'd love the game.(Edited for spelling mistakes)"
,Recommended,310700,14600210,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Athetos,A muchfords excellent vidcon about exploring and finding powerups.
76561198041694226,Not Recommended,310700,17766775,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Cake for Žižek,"Not as good as ""You Have to Win the Game"", which is free. Go get that one instead."
,Recommended,310700,12684003,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Jest,"Wonderful game! If you are a fan of Zelda II, Startropics, Wonder Boy in Monster World or VVVVVV definately give this game a try."
,Recommended,310700,12326226,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,krunkster,This is a really great platform.  The controls are tight and the CRT emulation is really cool.  Playing this game is fun and relaxing and takes me back to playing NES as a kid.
,Recommended,310700,20310599,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,kwc_17,Great game! Think classic Zelda and Metroid meets fast paced Super Meat Boy style gameplay.
76561198116358671,Recommended,310700,29571957,Posted: 29 January,all,Fox420,"For such a simple graphic game, it's really complex and fun. Time well spent playing this, it harkens back to the old NES days but with the complexity of a SNES or SMS game. I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves good platformers, and give it an 8/10. It's funny that I played it's prequel awhile back and didn't realize it, also an enjoyable game. If you want a decent challenge, then definitely play this game."
76561198018326356,Recommended,310700,30129777,Posted: 23 February,all,Lowenly,"Super Win the Game is a retro 8-bit adventure platformer, taking inspiration from games like Link's Adventure with its wide open overworld that houses individual side-scrolling action segments.  Unlike the first ""You Have to Win the Game"", Super focuses much less on high-precision difficult platforming and trades it for a much larger, more explorative game packed with secrets.  It loses much of the minimalist charm the original had and is ultimately an unmemorable game, but is nevertheless enjoyable and a faithful tribute to the NES era."
,Recommended,310700,29513839,Posted: 26 January,all,quique_uy,"Excelent game. The retro feeling is awesome! Graphics, sound, controller are flawless.See you next game ;)"
,Recommended,310700,20985859,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,shiny k,"How I enjoy this game. It has insane replayability, and is worth being a completionist for. The time trials are so well done, and don't even get me started on the soundtrack."
,Recommended,310700,28172209,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Aekiydllan,N O S T A L G I A
,Recommended,310700,12650953,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Cruise Elroy,"Truly a very nostalgic and interesting Metroidvania, made by the same developers of the #1 Free Indie Platformer of 2013! I found it quite fun to search behind every nook and cranny to look for a secret item, some of which I still have to find. This game is definitely a must have if you are into deathless runs, speedruns, races with pals, or just for some pure nostalgia. One minor issue I have with the game, however, is that you can't really attack anything, so some unfair traps are to be expected. Despite limited combat and a few mean areas, the difficulty remains fair and simple, one of the hallmarks of a great NES game.Overall, this game is highly recommended if you're looking for a nostalgia bomb or trying to find ways to challenge yourself even further. Can you beat the entire game in under 100 deaths on your first try? I don't think so!4/5"
76561198065854351,Recommended,310700,16389716,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Captain DoodleShvanz,"Awesome platforming action with a succinct style. The 8-bit styling is clean, and nicely scaled. Gives it a very polished and visible lacquer. CRT scan has a really nice look to it, but it was a little overwhelming for me. Fortuntalely, like almost every option in this game, there is a deep customization menu. Excellent follow-up to the original ""Win the Game"". Fun gameplay, and nice level design. Great story writing and prose. But, honestly, for me, the single most phenomenal aspect is the music. Stellar. Excellent music. Often times 8-bit music gets jumbled into a chromatic lunacy, but the melodies on here are legitimately gorgeous. Seriously suggest the OST. Regretted not getting it myself, and had to find his bandcamp profile to d/l it. Excellent game. Very well polished. Highly recommended."
76561197991220635,Recommended,310700,31674640,Posted: 10 May,all,JPope,♥♥♥♥ YOU
76561198271095696,Recommended,310700,23972401,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,snailman47,"Great game, probably my favorite platformer on steam. Buy it."
,Recommended,310700,32696309,Posted: 23 June,all,DiceMaker,good game but crashes a lot
,Recommended,310700,16342687,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Triumph,"great game for those who grew up playing the nintendo games in the 80s. in some ways I'm reminded  of milon's secret castle, & the adventure of link by parts of it. This one is done in an 87/88ish range nes style. some of the gameplay had a milon's feel to it, and some of the towns and the concept of the overworld exploration/sidescrolling action areas had an adventure of link feel and  I loved that game as a lad. the first game in this series, you must win the game iirc, was done sort of in a commadore style and is also good. very much the same gameplay, and has an amazing filter to mimic  running an old commadore game off an old tv  as impressively as i have seen in a  game before. I recommend this, and the first game to anyone liking sidescrolling action and who loved osme of the old nes action side scrollers. there is no combat, which makes it even more nostalgic for some older nes players. the first game didn't have the overworld element, but the action and gameplay  is as good."
76561197999386893,Recommended,310700,27103379,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Koppenhorst,This is what gaming is all about
,Recommended,310700,17658895,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,hshhhhh,amazing platfromer
,Recommended,310700,17664850,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Felix,"This isn't just another 8-bit indie game; no, this is a love letter to the early days of the Famicom where graphics where simplistic and gameplay was experimental. I think this game captures that style so perfectly from it's simple but rocking soundtrack, to it's incredible platforming and sense of exploration. This is how you do a retro indie game right!"
,Recommended,310700,26266926,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Jesús,"Very Good Game, moar pls"
76561198033470545,Recommended,310700,12323954,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,C. Viper,Perfect this Super Win the Game for new retro game from Nintendo Entertainment System graphic screen good old time.Similar games1. Zelda II: The Adventure of Link2. MetroidI liked retro games only 8-bit for Steam games more again soon.
,Recommended,310700,14891337,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Geyblade,"Very amusing, funny, and sadistic.  Also hard to stop.  A very amusing parody of 8 bit era games and the CRT border, it's bizarre."
76561198139706868,Recommended,310700,33147200,Posted: 2 July,all,jonnysmak,The perfect platformer
76561197974684590,Not Recommended,310700,17722695,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,-=9315+35/<r4/VX=-,"After 15 minutes I played 5 and spent 10 waiting for the loading alltogether (start, every door, every bell, every new room). Dunno if its the lame work PC here. Will try at home and maybe change my opinion..."
76561197997597194,Recommended,310700,12396713,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Dr.killshot22,I keep getting lost......10/10
,Not Recommended,310700,25900065,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ericvondoom,"A better title: Super Wander 'RoundThat's what you do. You wander 'round, collecting the things that open paths to more things, and check all the nooks and crannies for secret things. This is like a study in Metroidvania minimalism. Strip out the atmosphere, challenge, and visual interest, and what's left? Wandering around.It's not visually offensive, it controls well enough, and it's gameplay is comprehensible, but what's the point? Why spend my time here, when there are dozens of Metroidvanias that can do absolutely everything that this game can, but better? This would have been impressive and fun had it been an NES launch title. This game proves that there's a big difference between 'retro' and 'primitive'.Is there a market for purposefully primitive games? Is this a thing you young people do now?"
,Recommended,310700,23934121,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,jail,yes please
76561198170176425,Recommended,310700,25108526,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Gentle_Cheese69,Yeah
76561198139348326,Recommended,310700,29618037,Posted: 31 January,all,Thelionsden999,"The first score represents gameplay , art/style , devs , and innovation. The second represents how much I relished playing it.7/10                         4/5"
76561197962127066,Recommended,310700,12327100,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Pophead,Sold my NES to buy this one and would do it again.
76561198045648963,Not Recommended,310700,19647133,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Vicccious,"Ok game, short, and I got stuck. I literally tried out a ""speedrun"" course and I can't find the exit. I have looked up on YT and apparently there is no mention of it. I feel like I decided to try out an unfinished part of the game, and I appear trapped in it. I exhausted every possible exist to no avail. This being said, the game seems broken in parts and in others unfinished. The fact that I literally got trapped in a part of the game that was a mini-game makes me want to rate this negatively. It's ok, but confusing in parts. Also lots of back-tracking needed for things. Probably won't play this again, but oh well. Only paid a $1 on sale. I do NOT recommend this, for this sole reason. In general it's ok.. for an extreme sale."
,Recommended,310700,24386060,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"A very fun platformer reminscent of Zelda II, without the combat, a full emphasis on platforming. Still has top of class CRT emulation, really nostaligic. Is not a super long game, but for the price it is perfect. Heck I'm pretty sure it' s longer than the latest CoD singleplayer...."
,Recommended,310700,23341886,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Spitfire,This game is fun and getting all achievements too.
76561198055216902,Not Recommended,310700,21758322,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Fatbeen,It's Zelda 2 without combat or puzzles. End of story.
,Not Recommended,310700,24002757,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Lucas K,"Out of all the pixelly indie crap games I've ever played, this one has to be one of the worst. It's like the developers were so blinded by their nostalgia goggles that they weren't even trying to make the game fun or original. Granted, it does have its moments, but most of the time, it was just complete monotonous bullsh*t. No matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't like it. That's why I don't recommend it.Also, this game is a sequel; this review applies to the first game as well."
76561198004928396,Recommended,310700,20520518,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Wig Bang,"Zelda 2 meets Metroidvania.A great game and a vast improvement over it's already great predecessor. Can't really compare the two though as this is more of a full fledged game and the first was quite small.The art was faithful, the soundtrack fitting, and the gameplay satisfying.I bought this when it was on a very deep sale. But it was easily worth its current price."
,Not Recommended,310700,12329401,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Mewowth,"This game feels like a lazy man's Zelda II at best. I can see where they're coming from, but at the same time it's legitimately not fun in any manner. I tried to like the game for its old school look and feel. In the end, however, it's a cheap excuse to rake in excess money, for minimal effort. This is a $0.99 game if not Free To Play, being charged for at a ridiculous price. I've had more fun hanging out on public transit, paying my bills and doing the dishes than playing this dreck."
76561198015790597,Not Recommended,310700,12388568,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Space Snootch,"Meh.  I went in thinking it would be a fun Legend of Zelda 2 clone but it's more of a boring platformer...I've played for 40 minutes or so and only come across 2 bats, which just fly from left to right and are unkillable.  After seeing all the ""You must return later"" area's within the first 2 dungeons I'm throwing in the towel.  I see how much backtracking it's going to make me do...and given the game mechanics...nope.  Waste of $11.99"
,Not Recommended,310700,15161379,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Fartlek Spizzle,"""Hey, remember Mario, Zelda II and Metroid?""""Hell yeah I do.  Those were great goddamn games.  What was that, 25 years ago?  I love those games.  Genre defining classics for sure.""""Remember Super Win the Game?""""...No."""
,Recommended,310700,16581695,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Gastel,"I'm sorry to say that ""You Have to Win The Game"" is a better game than ""Super Win the Game"". ""More is less"" has never been truer than in this case. YHTWTG was full of mystery and essential, without useless  frills, just like the games that it tried to reinterpret. Super Win the Game adds boredom to the formula. The ""story"", the ""shops"", the people, the villages, the short looped music and the world map don't add anything to the game in terms of gameplay. While YHTWTG was a perfect recreation of the early PC games I can't say the same for SWTG; it's inspired by the NES era this time, but the game doesn't feel like a NES game at all. I'm still recommending the game though, why? Firstly, to support the developer who did an amazing job with YHTWGT and from whom I would like to see other products. Secondly, because SWTG is not a bad old school game by any means, it's just less inspired than its predecessor."
76561197973906741,Recommended,310700,13747584,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Chicken,"Excellent sequel to an excellent freeware game (which is also available on Steam). It's a metroid style puzzle platofrmer with instant respawning on death and a focus on optional collectibles. Stylistically it looks inspired by Zelda 2: The Adventure of Link, with an overword connecting a series of smaller dungeons and towns. This is tied together by the neat simulated CRT visuals that were in the previous game.It's only a couple of hours long and it doesn't appear to have the cool challenge modes of 'You Have to Win the Game' but it's still a lot of fun. Highly reccomended."
76561197993399611,Recommended,310700,16065583,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,.iko,"I originally gave this game a thumbs down review, but there was a recent major patch that shifted my opinion of the game. The addition of an metroid-esque automapping feature and a price drop makes a middling, over-priced game actually pretty good.There are still issues: the gameplay is kind of shallow and simple. Everything you see in this game is something you've seen before, probably executed with a great deal more complexity. But for what it is, it's a totally solid exploration-platformer.The reason why the automapping feature is such a big deal to me is that this is fundamentally an _exploration_ platformer. The platforming is trivial, there's nothing that will have you stuck for more than a minute or two. Most of the fun comes from exploring the non-linear environments and finding the secrets within. The problem is, without a map, this can be very frustrating to play. I personally got stuck in one area for an absurd amount of time, because I simply couldn't figure out where to go. Once the automap feature got added, I was able to work out where I'd already been, and figure out how to go forward.If you really like 2D platformers and exploration, this is a pretty decent, if simple, game. You also might want to try the free game You Have To Win The Game first, as it will give you a very good idea as to how this game plays."
,Recommended,310700,16576217,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,________________________,It's Zelda 2 without a combat system.8.12/10.00
,Recommended,310700,16680551,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Retro-Pixel-Lizard,Three words can describe this game.1.Simple2.Exploration3.Fun
,Recommended,310700,16665559,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kona Milano,"This is a AAA game from 1987.  Hours upon hours of simple platforming fun, with razor-sharp controls."
,Recommended,310700,16636514,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Processing...,Great successor of yhtbtg.
76561198219802273,Recommended,310700,18379400,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ExeDmgDeb,Great retro game for $8 bucks if you like retro games you won't regret it
,Recommended,310700,18526552,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Captain Hairy,"A genuinely great and (apart from the lack of a lives system) genuinely old-school platformer, with plenty of little secrets and hidden bit, a good set of challenging speedrun courses and period-believable music.Also, the CRT emulation is spot-on, really adds atmosphere to what could have been yet another 8-bit styled game that loses the feel of the visuals to the ravages of modern monitors.Well worth the pittance it costs to buy."
,Recommended,310700,18145084,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Valik,"I really like the approach of this game. Last year, ''You have to win the game'' came out free. This game was a brief preview of what ''Super Win the game'' would be. I have buy this game because I really appreciate the first one. If you're interrested in this game, go check out first if you like ''You have to win the game'' first.THIS GAME IS AWESOME."
,Recommended,310700,18728379,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,PapaBrain,"The CRT-effect is painful, but the Zelda 2 + Mario style is great once the effect is turned off. A fuller experience than the free ""Win the Game"" but in some ways, less difficult.The Arcadians and Dream Books provide an unexpectedly deep story behind the ""save the king"" backdrop goal. I'd love to see more of this ""Win the Game"" world explored. In any case, I'm looking forward to Minor Key Games' next project, Gunmetal Arcadia."
,Recommended,310700,13840262,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TinyTwitch,Really fun game. Its a fairly big world with something new to discover every time you revisit an area. However the platforming gets extremely difficult somewhere in the middle of the game.
,Recommended,310700,14028081,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,#StalkedByAnimeNazis,its good
,Recommended,310700,13464688,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ares,"Having played the first one and considering it the best hidden gem i've found, I was excited to hear there was a sequel in the works. While I must admit that I was dissapointed that it wasn't free like the first one was, I am happy to say that it was well worth the money. The controls feel spot on, and make most of the deaths feel like your fault (sometimes you respawn in such a way to fall right onto passing enemies, but it's far and few in between when it does happen). Respawning is very quick and the music keeps right on playing, which by the way is very good in it's own right. I'd buy the sound track if it had one.As far as difficulty goes, it's not insanely hard to beat, which is good. There are several power ups to find along the way and 6 hearts to find to unlock the final dungeon, which are a bit cryptic to find, but luckily there's an npc in one of the first towns that can lead you to them. It has several fake walls that are about 50/50 in terms of secrecy. Some you can kinda tell are fake or can be passed through, but others catch you off guard. It has some invisible blocks, but none placed in such a way to prevent you from jumping over chasms.I didn't 100% the game, cause going gem hunting isn't my cup of tea but if it's yours then there's a secret world map full of challenge courses for you to test your skill in.All in all, a very good game. No real complaints to be had with it. Well worth its full price."
,Recommended,310700,19593639,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,noT,"So glad I've found this game, so glad I bought it, it is totally worth it.It has a lot of humor, an AWESOME plot (about dreaming, lucid dreams), and wonderful poetry on it.The game is a lot fun, hard but now raging hard or impossible, but remembers me the good old games when you used to have more difficult in general in games.This Super Win the Game is an awesome ""sequel"" to the You Have to Win the Game (which is free, everybody should check that out) and it mixes the castlevania style with metroid, mario, and a little bit of the legend of zelda I guess.The developers did such a good work making this masterpiece of the indie games world :)"
,Recommended,310700,22131398,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,your local meme dealer,"This gave me 80's video game nostalgia, and I wasn't even an 80's kid."
,Recommended,310700,22205033,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Leauki,"A lot of fun, and only one frustration moment. One of the better games and definitely the best retro adventure."
,Not Recommended,310700,22086345,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,"CG, Coconut Gun","Not even 3 minutes into the game, and I can't move. I've pressed every key on my keyboard and I still can't do anything."
76561198024928179,Recommended,310700,22255861,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,slembcke,"Wonderful retro glory. Some levels are challenging, but there is always a liberal amount of save points available to keep it from being frustrating."
76561197971003264,Recommended,310700,27796641,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheAaltonen,Absolutely loved this game! The jumping puzzles are great and there are lots of secrets to hunt for. The music is spot on and the blurry television emulation is stunning. If you like platform games like Super Mario Bros or Giana Sisters from the NES/C64 era be sure to check this out!
76561197994365880,Recommended,310700,16498292,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,manadren,"Retro style 2d platformer with an emphasis on exploration. Much like VVVVVVV the platforming makes it incredibly easy to die, but with a checkpoint system that makes it just as easy to try again. Like a metroidvania game there are plenty of secrets to find and an array of upgrades to help you get to new areas. Features a Zelda II style overworld allows you to choose which areas you want to hit first, and a subcon hub zone that can quickly get you back to old areas when you have new albilities to try out.Keep in mind though there is no combat in this game, it's all platforming. But that's really not a drawback, what it does, it does very well."
76561198001832988,Recommended,310700,21470205,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,aboblyndsae,"A wonderfully simple exploration-oriented game that will scratch your retro platformer itch.  You need to find various powerups and collectibles to progress, but the game is structured to allow a number of different ways to go about this.  This looseness works in the game's favor—I never felt stuck, and seldom felt that there was only one place I needed to go.  The storyline (which takes itself a bit too seriously) is pretty unobtrusive, as it's presented in dream sequences that are platforming sections like everything else—this is a game that always keeps you moving.  The overall difficulty is fairly easy, though there are a few nasty sections that'll really run up your death counter.  It took me five hours to finish, and that felt about right."
76561198029294992,Recommended,310700,25655191,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Earl of Lemongrab,"Bought this game after loving the free You have to win the game prequel, style is a bit remenicent of zelda 2 for me, gameplay was superb as well. Ff youre a fan of platformers and dont shy a away from a bit of challenege this game is a solid buy."
,Recommended,310700,25525608,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,MuNiNN,"Great level design, can be played through in about 5 hours, highly recommend"
,Recommended,310700,30864698,Posted: 31 March,all,EpicDingo13,"This game is really fun platformer and I recommend it if you liked its predecessor, You Have to Win the Game (get it; it's free on Steam!). The gameplay is a lot like the original, but in this game there are towns, more secrets, and an open world. The game world works like Zelda ii, the overworld is top down, but all the actual gameplay takes place in 2d areas. If you play the game, I recommend collecting all the gems (and maybe all the achievements if you're into that). This game has a unique crt display style which might annoy you because it makes everything look blurry, but the game looks horrible if you turn it off. The soundtrack to this game is absolutely phenomenal. It is my favorite video game chiptune soundtrack ever. (If you like to buy the soundtracks to video games, you should know that it can't be purchased on Steam separately from the game) My biggest complaint is that the game is too easy, especially when compared to its predecessor. There are a couple of really difficult areas, but they can feel a little out of place because of the shift of difficulty. This game isn't too easy though, but it is noticeably easier than You Have to Win the Game. This game is still great, and Americana Suburbia is basically the greatest song in any video game ever made."
,Recommended,310700,22924506,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,MohawkGoatyGoat,"Super Win The Game is the sequel of the freeware game, You Have To Win The Game, for people who already didn't know. This time, this game has a deeper story, by not all that much. In Win 1 (that's what I will call You Have To Win The Game for the rest of this review), the story was, you had to win the game. Simple, in Win 2 (I'm calling Super Win The Game that too...), You had to stop an evil wizard, that has cast a spell on the king and turned him into an evil being.In Win 1, there was a pretty big map to explore and look for money bags. Exploring every room while in the meantime having all the money bags would grant an achievement. In Win 2, the map was so much bigger. Yes, it's not the biggest game in the world, but it was pretty big nevertheless. There were 128 gems to collect in the game. (Yeah, in this game, they are gems now.) Don't worry about buying things decreasing your gem amount, it does, but it won't affect the achievements for collecting them all. Basically, it decreases the amount of gems you HAVE on you (a maximum of 128), not the amout you collected in general. The amount of gems you're carrying can be checked in the inventory menu. The amount of gems you collected can be checked in the map.The gameplay is smooth and responsive. Controller support is always the best! You collect powerups in order to get further into winning the game. There are red and blue block activators, a wall jumping glove, mid-air jumping shoes, a badge that prevents you from getting electrocuted by electricity, snorkels for swimming in water, an ""A"" symbol for being able to swim in all surfaces (including lava), another ""A"" symbol for, I forget.The story and dialogue sometimes are a little bit iffy, but it's fine. This aspect needs no changing.QUICK RUNDOWN AGAIN!!! (Yet again, with things I haven't mentioned above...):Gameplay: 10/10 If it works, it's perfect.Dank Memes: 5/10 The 2spooky4me achievement is all we have...what happened to MLG shades? (I know, they are called the Deal With It glasses or something.)Story: 7/10 It's gud.Undertale conte-OK what Undertale content an we possibly find here!? Stupid fandom corrupted my mind.Map: 8.5/10 It's a big map, personally. But of course, one scene in Fallout 4 is already so many gigabytes away from the storage this whole game takes up. (It was a stretch, I'm implying Fallout 4 looks good.)Collectibles: 7.5/10 There's a heathy amount, in my opinion.HOOVY IS IN THE GAME: NO/YES There is no Hoovy. Darn.NPC's: 7/10 Don't worry about this, depite getting a 7, it's still fine. I LIKE it.Overall Rating: 8/10"
76561198071527247,Recommended,310700,22302793,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Mariorox1956,"This game harkens back to the good old NES style adventure games of the past.  Very reminiscent of The Adventure of Link in many aspects.  If you enjoy simple platformers, good chiptune songs, and retro-style games, Id recommend giving it a go9/10"
,Recommended,310700,22510526,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Rynoknarr14,"Its Zelda For The New Age, If You Love The Legend Of Zelda Or Zelda 2 The Adventure Of Link, You Are Going To Love Super Win The Game."
,Recommended,310700,22575811,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Omegalomaniac,"Much like it's predecessor, Super Win the Game is a retro-styled, exploration based, combat-free, wall-jumping, Metroidvania-lite platformer.If you enjoyed the first game (You have to win the game) then you will enjoy this, if you haven't played the first game then go do it now, it's available on steam for free.Compared to the original, Super continues the retro style, with the visuals this time emulating the appearance of NES games played on an old CRT,The game shares a lot of visual similarities with Zelda II: Adventure of Link, which was a nostalgic experience for me, but if you weren't a fan of that game don't be put off, Super doesn't play the same and the difficulty is nowhere near as punishing and the game moves along at a brisk pace. You will never find yourself at loss for what to do next or stuck without a clue.The difficulty is similar to the original, but it does away with the achievements for 9 lives / single life runs, making it much easier to 100% the achievements in this game (which may be positive or negative, depending on your preferences).The size of the game world has increased over the original, featuring several interconnected areas linked by an overworld map and various secret passageways.It took me around 8 hours to see everything the game offered and locate all of the collectables, which I felt was good value for money, especially if bought at a discounted price."
,Recommended,310700,22579998,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Cyril,"It's... solid. I can't really say there's much wrong with this. The secrets can be a bit obscurely hidden but they're never too bad. The key system is pretty meh but the skeleton key is easy to obtain and basically removes that problem entirely. Swimming is a bit slow, I guess. The game kind of feels directionless, you do stuff for a while and then you win, yay. But really in general it's pretty solid. The powerups are all pretty conventional but the controls are fine enough. There's enough goodies tucked away that you'll end up revisiting most places several times, but the world map as a whole isn't too huge and there's not a ton of mandatory backtracking. The platforming isn't that special but it's solid. The game's probably the right length for what it is, too, not too long but it feels fully fleshed out, at least. Not like, the greatest game ever or anything but I enjoyed playing it, so."
76561198157638818,Recommended,310700,23048362,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,4vv9int,There's a lot of content here and the game is very fun. The soundtrack is great and catchy. I love this and the original.
,Recommended,310700,20162743,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,0 natts,"It's heavily inspired by Zelda 2, obviously. I'd recommend it to everyone who can afford it, 8 dollars is a good price for this game, and with lots of replayability you can get a lot of hours out of it. There's also a ton of secrets, and you might be annoyed. It took a whole 8 hours for me to get every achievement, but I'm sure you'll have a lot longer of a playthrough, since I had someone to tell me what I had to do in order. Overall, I'd rate this 8/8."
76561198046272856,Recommended,310700,20047982,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,AurumChuChu,"sequel to ""You Have To Win The Game""retro nonlinear feel, and at a good price!however, it's not as nonlinear as the first game...9/10"
76561198052729204,Recommended,310700,20329749,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Flippippepuk,"Winning this game is just Super! 100% in 7,5 hours gameplay. Loved it!"
,Recommended,310700,25999703,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,mitternachtgoblin,probably -the- perfect retro game!it feels like a mix of hundreds of 90s jump n run games clustered together.the story too is quiet a psychological challenge. theres alot of meta philosophy going on.makes me all melancholic.the only thing I might criticize: you cannot jump on enemies and it feels so much like you want to! but this is a choice of design....its still alot of fun!
76561198027716374,Recommended,310700,26051827,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kainminter,"If you liked the the original ""You have to win the game"" then you will like this one.Its has metroidvania style gameplay and focuses on navigating through challenging platforming obsticals. No combat whatsoever. Its all about exploring the land and locating new powerups that help you even further explore, until you are able to find the end. Thats not a bad thing, though.I thuroughly enjoyed the game, and can't wait to play their next upcoming game; Gunmetal Arcadiahttps://twitter.com/GunmetalArcadia"
76561198067287459,Recommended,310700,18078570,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,blixelator,"Great game! If you enjoyed the You Have to Win the Game (which is also great, and free), you'll love this. Metroid/Castlevania (the early ones) meets VVVVVV.Update: This game is realy great. The lore is interesting and the mechanics are really polished. I haven't gotten all the achievements yet but I have finished the main game and I'm both completely satisfied with the game and yet with there were more - a great way to end a playthrough. This game brings back the excitement I had for the original Zelda (and a Link to the Past) and Metroid. I wish there were more games like this."
76561198199427499,Recommended,310700,25988546,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,kISS ❤,"I love this game. You have to win the game was the first game I have ever beaten and I was so happy when I found out there was a sequel. It was very enjoyable, the only downfall being how short it was. The one thing that really helped me a lot during the game is that the map shows how many gems you've collected in the current area and how many you have left to collect."
76561198179523627,Recommended,310700,24584398,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,lavaduder,"Super win the game is an adventure platformer (or metroidvania as people like to call it.). it's more like the old DOS games rather than the (S)NES classics you know. The only thing this game has that is like the NES is the graphics.Pros:-Hard but fair platforming-A very exsplorable world-Lot of collectables and Secrets-Music is okay (Desert theme is pretty good)-Story is told through platformy/puzzle sections-Decent length-TV emulation-Nonlinear gameplayCons:-Backtracking-Normal ending is unsatisfactory-Graphics are a bit jagged at timesConclusion Super win the game is fun. Especially if you like exploring, and finding hidden secrets. But if your looking for a grade AAA metroidvania with an epic ending. Then Look elsewhere. This is just a fun little gem."
,Recommended,310700,24470564,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Jonald Tronp,"Much more flushed and colorful than the first one, but somehow less exciting."
,Recommended,310700,28082120,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Psyjinx,"After playing the Free to Play ""You Have To Win The Game"" about a year ago, seeing this on the market brought a smile to my face.I played this game from start to finish today, hell bent on 100%ing it.As I write this review, I can say that I JUST got all 32/32 achievements in one solid run...Minus the tricky one in the beginning.It took me around 6 hours of gameplay give or take a few food breaks.The OST, and CRT Vision were SO good. I absolutely loved the first installment, and this did NOT let me down.If you're thinking about picking this up, please try the Free to Play ""You Have To Win The Game"" title first.One of the time trial maps takes a few areas from the first game, it was really neat to see. :)"
76561197980085589,Recommended,310700,28011400,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mozzer,Nice little mash-up of retro stylesZelda II / Mario / Metroid is what I get out of itI got my first NES in 1988 and this game brought me backController input is crisp with NES controller feelSounds is MIDI goodGreat little game to buy when on sale
,Recommended,310700,27475520,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pocket Mage,It just makes me feel like a small kid playing with my gameboy again. Priceless.
76561198203073683,Recommended,310700,28543609,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,lukehampton04,This game has all the feels.
76561198261895606,Recommended,310700,26943665,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Helios,It's a decent retro game. Play it with controllers and on a television screen. Then you're in 80's or 90's again.
,Recommended,310700,26629331,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,llamajacker,"I love this game! I've played it loads and still look forward to playing it more.Great retro platformer (with more modern, responsive controls).And it runs great on Linux!"
76561198325077334,Recommended,310700,28740004,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sleepycloudtodd,This game is amazing. Easily fits in with the best of the nes games but is actually completely enjoyable. LOVE it.
76561198065272562,Recommended,310700,28151790,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SirRender,I can't get enough.Where is Win the Game 64?!
,Recommended,310700,29026492,Posted: 4 January,all,sgrecu05,"I love this game, more than anything, for its sense of mystery and adventure. I use the word ""mystery"" not in the sense of being obscure and overly complicate but rather in the sense related to awe. Its a childish mystery that compels you to go out and explore. And I think that's a pretty invaluable characteristic for a game to have."
76561198053702639,Recommended,310700,31673189,Posted: 10 May,all,noseman,this was ♥♥♥♥ing delightful . thank you
,Recommended,310700,31704265,Posted: 12 May,all,scukobyte,"I casually picked it up along with 'Eldritch', because I've seen it in MetalJesusRocks video, where he praised the quality of this platformer.I thought that I am just going to breathe through the game while enjoying nice graphics, chiptune music and good jumping around. I was totally wrong.This game sucked me in and 3 evenings later - I accomplished every non-speedrun achievement, got all 128 diamonds and explored every little bit of the game world.It was a blast. Everyone, who loves himself a good platformer - obliged to play this game. It is very remarkable.P.S. Made me instantly buy Gunmetal Arcadia Zero, which I heard of when it first came out as Humble Original title. It is next on my agenda to play and if it turns out to be as good - Gunmetal Arcadia it is."
76561198019541593,Recommended,310700,31716342,Posted: 12 May,all,Ninjack,"This game is like going back and playing all the super nintendo games you get nostaligic for, but without the headache of 20 year old design."
76561198022662602,Recommended,310700,31756152,Posted: 14 May,all,AtmanActive,"Nostalgia is strong in this one.But this nostalgia is not a cheap pixel effects one. Rather it is a deep '80s adventure feeling, something that evolved into Skyrim 30 years later.If you were playing games during '80s, this one is a must!"
76561198050434471,Recommended,310700,31758288,Posted: 14 May,all,celbrion,"A cute little platformer game which you can enjoy for a few hours (4-6 hours). There is no combat, but the platforming and the controls are very solid and enjoyable. You can give it a try even for the CRT simulation."
76561198034656800,Recommended,310700,33331560,Posted: 6 July,all,dhm,Amazing game. Lots of fun. Lots of retro feels. The game is simple and priced appropiately considering that it is only about 5 to 20 hours of gameplay unless you are replaying it over and over for speedrunning or something.Steam controller actually worked right away for me on macOS without spending hours of configuration.
,Recommended,310700,33393637,Posted: 8 July,all,Seijaku.kun,"SNES and more Zelda version of the original game ""You Have to Win the Game"" (which is free, if I'm not wrong). Better than the original, but a little less paced, since you need to go to the world map and then enter the different locations. That would be the only drawback for buying this game."
76561198029929832,Recommended,310700,34247862,Posted: 14 August,all,Enigami,"I enjoyed You Have to Win the Game, subsequently bought this and was not disappointed.It's not very long as I recall, but it's definitely worth it if you liked You Have to Win the Game (which is free)."
76561198316703334,Recommended,310700,34765946,Posted: 5 September,all,Cain88,I loved yhtwtg. This is amazing. You kept difficulty in certain areas while figuring out what would make the game better. I'm hooked. Keep up the fantastic work. and I will surely check out anything you make in the future. Best of luck =)
,Recommended,310700,34676056,Posted: 1 September,all,orkoapprentice,"More fun than it has a right to be. Knocked out most of the game in an afternoon. It's pretty easy to get most of the achievements, although some areas damn near made me lose it at Starbucks (falling spike dodging ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t). Pretty entertaining, and well worth the price of admission (paid $2). Weird story, though."
76561198032632811,Recommended,310700,34848871,Posted: 9 September,all,CasualCheetah,"A charming platformer that emulates the feeling of NES games while making playful call backs and lowering the difficulty. It’s a quick little adventure that has some challenges/extras hidden in the backdrop for those interested.Controls are simple, intuitive and responsive and makes convenient modern choices [like backtracking not taking too long].Only wish that there had been more power-ups/areas to alter how playing feels [all the movement upgrades are like the first things found] but that might’ve classed with the overall simple and retro vibe the game was going for coupled with its shorter playtime designed to create a contained experience.Would definitely recommend if you’re nostalgic for this sorta stuff. It’s cheap while on sale.[Also there’s a demo/prototype/older version that’s free on Steam if you wanna try before you buy. Also recommend that game :) ]"
,Recommended,310700,34874536,Posted: 10 September,all,Pogo,"You have to keep winning.I played the predecessor ""You Have to Win The Game"" a while back. If you're on the fence about buying this one, give that one a try. It's also available on Steam (for free!). There's more meat to this game, but there are also more downsides.The king is cursed, and the only way to save him is by doing a whole bunch of platforming. There are several dungeons to explore, and you'll find treasure and powerups which will grant you access to additional areas as you go back and forth.I wasn't a big fan of the inclusion of an overworld map. If you like to explore, it's easy to wander into an area you can't pass through because you lack the requisite powerup. It's frustrating to travel back and forth between areas, searching for someplace to progress. It's especially painful when crossing a bridge on the map just brings you into a platforming segment representing the bridge (which must be completed every time you want to cross). I feel like the inclusion of the Subcon travel network (and some other shortcuts) should have rendered the map unnecessary.There are a few towns scattered throughout the game, and most of them have a resident Fortune Teller. This person will give you a free hint as to where you should head next in order to advance. I didn't use this feature until the late game because I wanted it to be a last resort.The keys were a bit confusing to me at first. You can find a couple of single-use keys to open locked doors. That's simple enough. You can also buy more keys by spending the gems that you find, or save up more gems and buy an infinite-use Skeleton Key. If you're completely out of keys, you can also get keys on a credit system from people in towns.The speedrun trials were a fun idea, but the courses felt more like a test of trial and error & memorization rather than speed and motor skill.I enjoyed the feeling of discovering new secret paths in areas I've already visited (or finally being able to reach That Ledge that I had to keep passing by earlier), things like double-jumping and wallclimbing are satisfying and responsive. I had a few deaths that felt cheap, but the huge abundance of respawn points meant I never really lost progress.I do like the game overall, and despite my minor complaints I think it's a successful expansion on the original.Baffle / 10"
,Recommended,310700,34909458,Posted: 12 September,all,lukaszkups,Very fun game! Reminds me an old-school platform games for the NES. Can be finished in single run (3-4hours of playing)
,Recommended,310700,35031873,Posted: 17 September,all,Burnt Baby,"a good game, but a bit overpriced. get it while it's on sale"
76561197973408936,Recommended,310700,35436944,Posted: 2 October,all,pumpkinthehead,"Cute.  It was fun.  I liked the first one more, but the throwback jokes, references, and nostalgia were worth it.  Pretending Win the Game was a real early '90s platformer, this is what a sequal to that game would be."
