user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198047205597,Not Recommended,310740,15970658,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mykroe,"I had been following the development of this game for a while, and I'm happy it's out now.I enjoyed it, but I would not recommend it to anyone besides hardcore fans of ""cyberpunk""Cons:-Though the overly simple stealth and small array of gadgets fits the main character (Jill is a spy, not a special operative) the gameplay can be a little dull.-Guards are easy to get away from, so if the player doesn't care about getting a good rating, they probably won't bother too much with being sneaky.-Outside of the hub levels, there isn't much to listen to besides incessant footsteps.-The visual design of the levels themselves is a little bland. You travel around the world, but there are still lots of grey blocks.-If you don't like short games, you'll have a problem with this one.Pros:-The story is simple, but cool. It revolves around themes like the ethics of surveillance and government vs private groups. Current stuff.-While I wasn't crazy about the cube-based level geometry, the visual aesthetic is catchy.-Displacement orbs are turbo as hell-Music isn't badI'll remember this game for the solid futuristic vibes, and the interesting and relevant story. I found the price I paid to be worth the experience, but this is a game that probably won't schway with just anybody."
76561198037481660,Recommended,310740,16884803,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,melrief,"This review is somehow difficult for me because I both love and hate NEON STRUCT. I'm going to explain why but let me first say that this is a very good game and if you like stealth games, the real ones, you should try this one. If you want a comparison with other games, NEON STRUCT is basically Thief (1, 2 and DS) in a modern world. I've read a lot of people comaring it to Deus Ex and System Shock but the game differs a lot from them and I can't really understand what those reviewers played. You can compare the atmosphere of Deus Ex but not the gameplay.You play as Jillian Cleary, a spy who got framed and has to find a way to clean her name. During the story you will find information about a cospiracy and more importantly about the people involved in this cospiracy. Thestoryis quite simple and predictable but yet interesting. I was expecting something more honestly and I was a bit disappointed at the end.Thegameplayis similar to the Thief gameplay: you sneak around and try to reach the objective without being killed. Your weapon is the shadow and good timing. You can knockout people, move bodies, disable cams, pick locks and steal, You also have access to a big arsenal of tools that can help you, such as bombs that can create shadows or stims that can make you better in hacking for sometime.Thelevel designis good with multiple entrances and exploring the levels is nice. The main problem with level design is that levels are incredibly small for this kind of game. I'm not sure why the developer didn't make a bigger world but levels are often too small to be a real challenge and they can break immersion. Something that bother me is that the levels are smaller than other games, like Thief games, even if this game has been released in 2015. This aspect could be improved a lot imho.TheAIis terrible and predictable: you can easily learn how to trick the AI and if you knockout guards then the game will be in easy mode all the time. The game shines when you don't knockout the guards but I guess that's not for everybody and can be frustrating. Also, hitting a guards is very easy and that makes disable guards a joke; you just need to be ""behind"" them and they fall asleep immediately. It feels very unnatural and too easy.Thegraphicis ... somehow similar to minecraft. Squares everywhere. It is minimalistic and has its own style but nothing amazing. I understand the effort behind but he didn't work for me. I also think that with a better graphic and more detailed world, this game would be better.Themusicis amazing, if you like elettronic music, or annoying if you don't. It is composed by The Home Conversions and can be listened athttps://thehomeconversion.bandcamp.com/album/neon-struct(the main track is Cave Living, check out also the remix). I personally think that the music is the best part of the game, it's just a perfect match with the atmosphere. The soundtrack worked more than the graphic for me.Thesound effectand nice but the sound engine has strange problems. Sometimes sounds are too loud, some others you can't head anything. Overall the sound effects are ok but can be improved.I think the game is a3 out of 5but with great potential.Good:- good old school stealth games with good level design- nice story but...- the soundtrackBad:- levels too simple- ...the story is not that immersive- graphic- easy (if you knockout guards)- nothing new, both Thief and Deus Ex are superior in term of gameplay and story"
,Recommended,310740,16033567,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Buccura Seifert,"A really fun stealth game that will certainly appeal to fans of the original Thief trilogy. It should be noted though that when I say stealth game, you need to imagine the word ""stealth"" in giant, 100 foot concrete letters, because we are talking full commitment here. Combat pretty much does not exist, and if you get caught your only option is pretty much to just run. The level design is outstanding, feeling nice and open in a circular way that gives you freedom to go about the levels in a variety of ways.The story, while nothing original, is well written enough that it keeps you interested, even if the early plot twist you can see coming a mile away, especially if you've played Deus Ex. Still, it's good stuff.Art style is interesting too. Kind of reminded me of Killer7 at times, which is always a plus. My main criticism would be that there is no ambient music during the missions. There is a really nice soundtrack that you hear in the areas in between missions, but other than that, unless you are being chased there is no ambiance, and made the game feel a bit empty at times. I had to supply my own using the Deus Ex soundtrack.Still, it's very much worth picking up for fans of the stealth genre, and I do look forward to the eventual release of a level editor and hope there are a good number of contributions."
76561198067391858,Recommended,310740,19247027,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,HolyRattleSnake,"Charming minimalist stealth game that pays strong tribute to the original Deus Ex  and Theif games.  Intruiging world and story, great soundtrack and smart level design.  The gameplay itself is fun and rewarding with mission rankings to encourage replays.I'm a big fan of this game and can't reccommend it strongly enough.  The developer (created by a one-person team) also engages with the Steam community and has released a free expansion and Level Editor.  If you like thoughtful and unique indie titles, I really can't think of a single reason not to buy this.Update:  The game also contains a clue for the Sigil ARG which is pretty cool"
76561198043306820,Not Recommended,310740,34434840,Posted: 23 August,all,Red.Queen,"This review was somewhat difficult to write - Neon Struct's a game that, when I saw the premise, I really wanted to like.  The original Deus Ex and Thief games are high on my list of all-time favorites, and this is a game that tries to pay homage to both.  Unfortunately, it falls well short of such lofty heights.The Good:1. A number of levels have several paths through them.2. The neon art aesthetic is different, and sometimes works in some levels.  I like the synthetic neon trees.3. Light propagates between rooms if doors are opened.4. The shifting architecture in the VR level was clever, I would have liked to see more tricks like that.5. It has community mapping support, so fans can make and share their own levels.  Nice!The Bad:1. The AI is incredibly crude, getting stuck on street lamps in wide open areas, soemtimes bumping in to you without detecting you, and virtually blind and deaf.  ""Search"" mode on hearing a noise or glimpsing something is laughable -- the AI will typically walk in a 5 foot circle, never branching out.  This is the worst stealth AI I have seen in 30 years of gaming.2. Difficult to impossible to tell what the actual light level of a given spot is by looking at the world around you often -- one square will be 100% visibility, while the square next to it will be 0% visibility.  Only way to tell is to look at the light meter.  This problem is exacerbated by the odd choice to apply a shaded vignetting to the screen when you're crouched, that artificially darkens the edges of the screen.3. Sound propagation and environmental audio are exceedingly primitive -- footsteps can be heard halfway across a map with almost no roll-off with distance.  Sometimes they don't even correctly play from the correct right/left channel, reversing at times.4. Very little enemy variety, and what there is is mostly cosmetic, beyond humans can be knocked out, robots can't.  No real differences in behavior, detection ranges/styles, etc.5. Tools are mostly pointless, as the AI is blind and brainless.  I beat the game without using any tools beyond throwing a few coins to try to distract enemies (they really don't respond much to them).6. Minigames for hacking/lockpicking are, once again, an awful idea -- if I need to take an action frequently, do not make me play the same tedious minigame.  The real source of tension is the risk of getting caught while I spend the time taking the action, a minigame is not needed and is something I'm just going to grow to hate doing, and savescum if I fail.  Keep it simple, Looking Glass and Ion Storm got it right.Bottom Line -- Neon Struct would be a laudable find if it were the project of an amateur developer posting their personal projects to itch.io or the like, and would warrant feedback to the creator to continue growing their skills and encouragement to keep working and keep posting.  But unfortunately, it's a $20 game being sold on Steam as a professional product, and in that circumstance, it's not something I can really recommend buying, not when there are much better stealth games out there.  Pass on this one and go buy Thief 2 and Deus Ex (the original, not the remake), and slap some high-res texture mods on to pretty them up a bit."
,Recommended,310740,16940760,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,America Patriot,"This game is a very fine stab at the stealth/immersive sim genre on a budget. The developers have kept their ambitions within their means, taking the mechanical and storyline outline familiar from the first Deus Ex, and simplifying it to a functional core, which while sometimes lacking the richness of its predecessor, is an elegant and well-made product in itself. Note that I base this review on playing Normal mode.The graphics and UI are minimal, with a block-like aesthetic drawn from Minecraft, though from such a lengthy passage of games that have done the same, that it no longer feels consciously retro, and appears to be a method of keeping area design from becoming overly-ambitious for a small team. The levels are either city-style ""hubs"" or office-type infiltrations. I use quotation marks around ""hub"" because these city exploration levels are surprisingly small at times. The basic graphics while doing the job, also harm the diversity of environments, with different cities around the world really all looking quite plain and similar (a problem Deus Ex: Invisible War also suffers from).The gameplay consists of familiar elements of the Thief series: an illumination bar to show you how concealed you are by shadows, running makes lots of noise, and even walking elicits that maddening ""is Garret wearing high heels?"" response that feels both nostalgic and archaic. Fortunately despite your rather loud footsteps even when crouch-walking, enemies are not overly-sensitive to sound, although running will find you noticed quickly. There is also the running crouch-slide from Dishonoured. The enemies when alerted have Dishonored-style marks above their heads which can be seen through walls until they lose you.There are no AUGs, experience points, or even an inventory. The only in-game menu is the objectives on the esc/pause screen. This is both a positive and negative. It takes away from the maximalist style of Deus Ex, but embraces the minimalism of Thief. Depending on your expectations, this could make the game feel either excessively sparse, or designed in a very pure way.The lack of experience points and the wealth of items to be found in Deus Ex does leave a little lacking in exploration. The game's solution to this is to place ""Geocaches"" around the levels, usually five or so per mission, which reward you with a coin that can be used to distract enemies. The fluff behind this is quite silly, and I'd rather just hunt for coins on the ground, but the mechanic for distracting enemies with them is fun, and it makes sense to limit their quantity. It's not all bad, however, as losing the experience point incentive for exploring and unlocking things allows you to progress through levels in a less artificial manner than the minmaxing that Deus Ex, and especially Human Revolution, encouraged by their mechanics.The main items the game does have are either stims or grenades - stims will enhance your abilities for a brief while, giving invisibility, hacking, quiet foot steps, and so on, reminiscent of arrows or AUGs in the Thief and Deus Ex series. The grenades do things like disable robots, and curiously, one emits an ""anti-light"" field, which helps you to conceal yourself. Overall I feel that these items, and the Geocaches too, are not very well tied into the lore of the world, and feel somewhat artificial in effect, but that is just a bonus to their enhancement of the gameplay, which is welcome (I do personally however find myself mostly playing the standard peek-and-takedown style, often ignoring these items).I feel that Normal mode is probably too low a setting for an experienced player of these types of games. Hiding in shadow is extremely overpowered, and you can clear out a room full of people with takedowns without anybody really reacting, providing it is dark enough. Enemies also don't react much at all to discovering bodies on this difficulty level. I will edit this review when I play through on a higher difficulty if it's any different.Sound design is both immersive and stylised. Music emanates from radios and travels a great distance, allowing for a wash of sound across the areas, but also for you to switch the music off once you become tired of it and have found the radio on whichever shop counter it resides on. Enemy footsteps are *extremely* loud and can be heard from halfway across mission areas at times. If you have a lot of enemies around you it can sound like somebody is cooking popcorn in the microwave or something with the pitter-patter of patrolling feet. I'm not sure whether this is a bug or intentional, but it's distinctive either way, though can make it hard to identify exactly where an enemy is, as something may sound very close to you, but is in fact a room or two away, or upstairs.The writing is reasonable, which is not an attempt to damn with faint praise, as a lot of cyberpunk/gritty near-future games fail in their writing - especially the dialogue and flavour text. Neon Struct's writing is not quite as earnest, interwoven, and verbose as Deus Ex, but mercifully avoids the trap of trying to be too knowing with its material (dialogue which breaks the fourth-wall, deadpan ""why am I examining this mundane item"" humour, etc) which could sabotage a storyline which needs seriousness to maintain the high levels of immersion that this micro-genre demands. In the first few missions there seemed to be a distinct lack of fluff/world-building notes left around levels, but once I had acclimatised to this sparseness, what the game did have read well and did not come across as amateurish or lazy.The plot on the other hand utilises the same globe-trotting as the Deus Ex series does, but the weight behind your actions, and the complexity of the narrative is less compelling. This is partly due to the Thief-like attitude to world building (no large exposition-dump newspapers that you can embrace or ignore as Deus Ex had), but unlike Thief, which had a very weighty design to the interludes between missions, Neon Struct tends to drop you into missions immediately with a telephone call to give some context.The loading times for my middle-of-the-range PC are very good, both for initially loading missions, and also for quickloading. I got some microfreezes for a fraction of a second or so every now and again which was annoying, especially in the hacking minigame, which is just Breakout (and quite fun for a hacking minigame for once to actually be a game, something fun to play, rather than a precision or memory challenge). Curiously these freezes were not random, sometimes when reloading I got the same freeze in the same part of the area. But other than that the game runs rock-solid for me at a high framerate and with no crashes.In summary, I greatly admire the developer for taking on the challenge of this genre, and they have produced something that was very maturely planned to achieve exactly what it set out to do and no more. It certainly feels lacking in a little detail or weight of atmosphere, but after the initial acclimatisation period to the graphics, the game world certainly has its charm. I really hope the developers stick with this genre, and see room for expansion on all fronts if there is a sequel. The game would benefit greatly from larger hubs and more sidequests, but the core of the mechanics and reactivity are in place and admirably one: the few side-objectives you do have, the game does not always alert you to there being alternate outcomes until you read a news report of the events in the next hub. These are naturally somewhat cosmetic differences, but their presence is welcome. Overall, a bargain, and I'd happily recommend this game to fans of the genre. Not perfect, but very good!"
76561198061750921,Not Recommended,310740,31623715,Posted: 8 May,all,DeadMan_Playing,"The love of Neons and 80's retrowave will only get you so far. After that, it's a silent, depressing and empty game, populated by the occasionnal, dumb as bricks NPCs.Play the old Deus Ex games instead. Those are finished, complete games. This one is a project."
,Recommended,310740,16611749,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Phantom Spiker,"Great old school first person stealth game. The graphics are simple, but the art direction is strong. Ambient sounds are somewhat sparse, but I really dug the game's soundtrack.Also, the ladders work really well in this game."
,Recommended,310740,28434656,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,B1ackjack,"Made an upgrade to run all this year's demanding AAA games. Instead found myself traversing Neon Struct's cubic cityscapes and facilties four nights in a row.+Simple, yet not easy+Thief-like stealth++Inside one big homage to Deus Ex+Dusky retrowave atmosphere+Peaceful intermissions with dreamy synthpop+Consistent writing+Short but well packedSkillfully paced and stylized stealth essentials simulacrum that achieves very much using very little.Majestic 12 / 10"
76561198002218061,Recommended,310740,16003366,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Stanelio,"I like NEON STRUCT, but let me still begin with what I consider its weaknesses. I want get those out of the way in order to concentrate on the things I like about the game.The visual style of NEON STRUCT walks a thin line between minimalistic and crude, sometimes strongly drifting towards crude. At the very least the visuals are clear and transmit all the information a player needs, but I still feel that a more advanced art direction could have lead to a unique and sophisticated visual style instead of the serviceable, but ultimately bland look of the game.There is no voice acting, the story is told by written dialogue and texts found in the levels. I understand that NEON STRUCT is an indie game with very limited budget, but the fact of rather low production value still stands.Finally, the AI of guards in the stealth is in the habit of letting the player off the hook very easily. After being spotted, frantically running in a random direction is often enough to escape.After getting the weaknesses out of the way, let me focus on the good stuff. I'd never have thought that synthie pop in the style of the eighties could fit to a mildly futuristic cyberpunk scenario, but I was wrong. The soundtrack is excellent and helps to set mood and atmosphere of the game world. I bought the soundtrack after finishing the game. Levels are well crafted, not huge, but big enough to make finishing your objectives without quest markers or maps a moderate challenge. The stealth gameplay is enjoyable and somewhat versatile due to useable items, with the aforementioned caveat of the AI sometimes turning into AD ( artificial dumbness ).But the strongest trait of the game is its story. It tackles the loss of privacy due to intelligence agencies and the struggle between security at all costs and the protection of civil rights. The narrative is minimalistic, but that is quiet fitting, not only because it brings storytelling and artstyle in accordance, but also because NEON STRUCT clearly aims at players who are willing and able to connect some dots on their own.  Unfortunately, political topics are rarely tackled in video games, and NEON STRUCT deserves praise for its willingness to go beyond a generic collection of tropes.The protagonist is another asset of the game. She is an intelligence professional who happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, resulting in knowledge about illegal activities of the agency she is working for. Consequently, she has to go into hiding and find a way to expose said activities while being hunted by the agency. What follows is not a superheroine kicking butt, but a believable tale of an intelligence professional trying to survive against the odds. A few story choices are added for good measure.A demo of the game is available, and if you have a taste for stealth and story, give the demo a try - or buy the game immediately. I recommend it."
,Recommended,310740,15957051,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Dr̀acu͜laf̸e͡t͏us̀,"Pretty great so far, it feels similar to Deus Ex. The gameplay is like Eldritch in many ways, the movement feels exactly like it and it reuses a lot of the audio from the game too. The hacking is pretty cool, you play a Breakout minigame to unlock doors, hack alarms and cameras and to open containers. The stealth itself feels like it could use some work tho, the AI is very easily exploited if you jump on 1 block above the ground the guards will circle you, get bored and forget where you are, and seeing as stealth is what you're doing most of the time it kinda cheapens the game for me.I've not played through the entire game and there might be something similar later on, but I feel like there should have been a close-range stun gun instead of holding f to knock out guards, or at least some karate chop animation. You have gadgets already at your disposal and holding f to knock someone out as your primary way of attacking feels off.So far there seems to be a lot to this game, a great story, side objectives, hidden geocaches, rankings at the end of each level topped with awesome music and art style. It just need a little more polish."
,Recommended,310740,19375125,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Arabin,"NEON STRUCT is a stealth espionage adventure using very basic block style graphics, but doing so in a way which really fits the setting. It isn't a difficult game to complete, but it is difficult to perfect it. Each level you are tasked with a number of objectives, but there are also 5 geocaches hidden on each level, which encourage you to fully explore the environment.At the end of most levels, you are rated on: Undetected, No harming anyone, No bodies found, No alarms tripped, All geo caches discovered. To get a perfect rating on a level is very challenging!When hacking computers/cameras/etc. you are presented with a small breakout style game. It seemed weird at first, but quickly becomes a really fun part of the game. If you sneak up to stand beneath a camera and start hacking it, you don't just have to worry about the hacking, time hasn't stopped, so a guard patrol could come by at any moment, adding a sense if urgency to the hacking attempt.GRAPHICS: Wonderful use of basic block art, with neon trim.MUSIC: All original, I believe, and fitting in a 90's electronica style.SOUND: I found it difficult to identify where footsteps were coming from sometimes, but for the most part the sound effects work as expected and keep you in the fantasy.STORY: The story fits in well with current espionage/conspiracy type theories, and comes to a satisfying conclusion. Although some parts are predictable, it flows well and I never lost interest.REPLAYABILITY: Definitely. Not only do you make decisions during missions that will affect the outcome of the global story, but you also have the targets to perfect a mission.SUMMARY: I loved this game, and will be playing again to try new decisions, and to try to perfect the levels. In addition, there seems to be a thriving mod community for additional stories. If you are a fan of stealth/espionage games, buy this game today!"
76561198036270510,Recommended,310740,22753032,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,CommunistWomble,"Summary: If you love the Thief series, 80’s neon or new retro culture this is a must have game. Surprisingly good story, stylized graphics and excellent soundtrack (Makes the Deluxe edition a must have)Story: To avoid spoilers it can be best summed up as a typical espionage plotline, with some twists.Graphics: Stylised in a beautiful neon colours and minimal graphics, ultimately a love it or hate it style but it works wonderfully in my booksSoundtrack: The Home Conversion's original soundtrack is a fantastic album and suits the game very well. It is also a good album to listen to outside the game.Controls: Simple and workable. Works well with Xbox controllers as well (Which might be a better choice)Achievements: I usually don’t write about achievements but this game is one of the few modern games that has achievements which are challenging and fun to go back and collect.9/10"
,Not Recommended,310740,19045780,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Rye,"The game was the same type of stuff over and over again and it was so short. Levels had barely anything to do extra besides geocache signatures. And 17 dollars for 5 hours of gameplay? Not worth it at all. I tried to test the replay value to which I found none because I already knew what I was doing. Even with my bad opinion of this game, I appreciate the developer's effort for making such a game. I still don't think it's worth almost 20 dollars."
76561197990250316,Recommended,310740,33149862,Posted: 2 July,all,BravoDefender,"Finished with 4 hours.I really liked it. It had the simplicity and fun of a stealth game. Quicksave/load was quick, which makes trying stuff more fun. Story sucked me in. It does have replayability somewhat when you can try to be more stealthy/faster."
,Recommended,310740,23690987,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Hallainzil,"A really good first person stealth game. Clearly inspired by Deus Ex, it strips everything back to a minimal experience that works surprisingly well.The only real mechanic here is stealth - there's no way to blast your way through levels. If that's not your thing, then it's probably not for you. It is my thing, however, and this scratched an itch for me that no other game has in quite a while."
,Recommended,310740,15991765,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,SimonSays,"So I have played through Neon Struct on the second hardest difficulty - it took me 6.3 hours.I have not beaten it as I need to do a perfect run of every level and ghost the game on the hardest difficulty - but do intend on sinking at least another 6 to 12 hours to complete it in full.A lot has been made of its similarity to Deus Ex - with even Rock Paper Shotgun comparing it to Liberty Island. However the similarities to DX are mostly stylistic and on the surface. The actual game itself is more closely related to the first two Thief games.Most missions have you breaking into or sneaking out of areas while trying to complete a few mission objectives. In addition to these missions there are a few investigative levels where there is no immediate threat and the goal is to just talk to people and gather information for the next stealth sequence. All of this works together to create a quick moving narrative that feels all to brief by the time the credits roll and this is the greatest fault of the game. What is presented is so compelling that by the time the story is over the game feels just like it is starting to open up.There are a few AI issues that are no big issue but I wish the AI wasn't so near sighted (they literally have to bump into you if you are completely in the dark), and at times they feel inept blindly searching around in the dark when a light switch is near. This is balanced by Jillian Cleary (J.C) being very weak - with one or two hits from a baton or pistol causing death.There are a number of tools at your disposal but I only ever felt the need to rely on them once or twice and the slide maneuver that you get seems slightly overpowered when used against the very forgiving AI.It also feels like the world building was not given as much care as it could have been - it feels like a missed opportunity that more things weren't readable given that there really is only a handful of notes, news machines and computers in the game. Also being that there is no voice overs in the game there are no sections for eavesdropping on NPCs which might've helped slow down the pace at which these levels can be completed.All that being said - this is a very impressive game considering that it draws comparison to both the Thief series and the original DX which are games that I hold in very high regard. If you are a fan of either game series or stealth gameplay it is very easy to recommend this game as it is a gripping experience with an impeccable sense of style even if it is over all to quickly. If you are new to the first person sneaker - I'd recommend maybe starting with this game as it is more forgiving than Thief 1/2 or the original DX.8.5/10I wish it were longer and that the world was more in depth - but it is a fun and compelling stealth experience with a unique minimalistic style. Also I have read that an editor is going to be made available which should extend the life of the game considerably."
76561198074732370,Recommended,310740,15918925,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Skirmish,"A game very much for fans of stealth-em-ups. A surprisingly beautiful looking game with a gorgeous 'neon-at-dusk' feel about it; screenshots do not do this game justice.Controls are smooth and intuitive, if just a tad slow. But all the tension is there as your movement is slowed when you are moving bodies.The industrial espionage story is involving and well presented through text conversations. Really cool soundtrack. The hacking tool is a fun mini game in itself.A neon gem. 9/10"
,Recommended,310740,28322451,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,..::Indica::..,"The best way to describe NEON STRUCT is if Deus Ex, Minecraft and a Lava Lamp had a threesome. Thats a sobering mental image but the best i can do for you since im only about 30% through the game. Lemme' elaborate.NEON STRUCT is a neon soaked minimalist stealth game set in a cyberpunk world rich with the classic government espionage and cloak and dagger themes all too familiar from games like Deus Ex or the movie Bladerunner. You navigate Jillian Cleary through a series of enviroments usually tasked with breaking into a complex and stealing valuablee information, the thing NEON STRUCT gets right is in its simple rules and gameplay whilst slowly turning up the difficulty and throwing you deeper in the conspiracy you're involved in.If you've played the Thief series - Jillian uses almost identical tactics to the Thief protagonist Garret, in that you'll be sticking to the shadows, knocking out guards, picking pockets and infiltrating the level to complete your objective. Simple stuff but NEON STRUCT  is an homage to these old stealth bangers and does it well, now. Onto Music and StoryFirstly the music is superb, almost if Flock of Seagulls writ the OST for Deus Ex. Most simple levels are heightened by the amazing soundtrack that perfectly fits the game world. The hubs usually have a radio playing one of the more electronic disco songs that really set the tone of the worldThen theres the story, which at the moment seems pretty throw-away. The classic covert operation trying to impeach on peoples rights (last time i'll mention Deus Ex, but think Deus Ex) is whats in store in NEON STRUCT and while it fits for what the game is going for - it really feels like im going through the motions and no fork in the story has caught me by suprise.But it feels like that's not what NEON STRUCT is concentrating on. Really, this is a well rounded minimalist stealth game that'll keep you entertained and is well worth the money, i'm having fun, and you should too. Christmas sale is around the corner, give up some sheckles for once."
,Recommended,310740,24724535,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 1 | *2* 3] = ~62% (50%-75%)I loved to play this and wished there was more (which there is - a long official extra mission, see Workshop). I can't get enough from the general Deus Ex / classic Thief kinda gameplay.Sadly, the game falls a bit short. It's still a clear thumbs up, but you'll have to put up with guards walking right past you without seeing you (just because you fulfill the ""I'm hidden now."" criteria), with uneven sound design (at least in regards to the volume of the sounds when it comes to the stealth mechanics), and with simplistic gameplay mechanisms.But again, I loved to play this. This is the kind of game I would like to make, except with more depth.Btw., story is nice, and the choices you make reflect a bit in it."
,Recommended,310740,24053254,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kys,"Classic Thief (1998-2004)-esque first person sneaker with cyberpunk twist. The game itself lack depth of it inspiration material and cant move further because of love it's predecessor, but still can catch you with it's open ended level design, non linear structure, tricky stealh gadgets, nice synthpop soundtrack and charming spy-story with it simplistic neon atmosfear.  Also arkanoid based hacking minigame was rad."
,Recommended,310740,33145711,Posted: 2 July,all,AwfulWaffle,Pretty good game. I've seen people compare this to Thief/Deux Ex on a budget which it is.  The atmosphere is amazing and the soundtrack was a primary reason what lured me to this game.  I'd reccomend getting it.  if you want to fool around for a little.
76561198073913480,Recommended,310740,16938739,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,-{SALT}- goldencompass,"What happens when Deus Ex, Minecraft, and Outlast have a threesome? They get AIDS.Oh, and this game shows up along the way.Gameplay:This is one of the few indie games that really nails stealth on the forehead. Though the game has a rather simplistic look, it does have quite a bit of depth in terms of gameplay. Much like the Outlast stealth system, it relies on a combination of your relative positioning in the enviroment and how much you are shrouded in darkness. Also, similarly to Outlast, you practically have no defense against hostiles once you are spotted. The only method of attack is through takedowns from the back 180 degrees of a hostile. Once you do take them down, you have to lug their static bodies on you before throwing them on the ground in some safe place. The alarm system is similar to that of Deus Ex, as there are security cams and alarm systems you do have to look out for. Disabling, or avoiding said security systems is done through a series of nonsensical gadgets that somehow work (don't get me started on the anti-light grenades). The hacking mini game, on the other hand, consists of playing a Pong-esque game of bouncing a ball up against a wall of tiles till you can break a hole in said wall to get around. Along with gadgets for security is your standard stimulants for running faster/healing/walking silently, etc. Most of the time, collectibles are found while on missions, though there are several item vendors along the way, which will come in handy if you use collectibles frequently. As per usual, the game does reward you for exploring alternative paths with item caches, secret pathways to avoid security, and a series of collectible ""geocaches"", or little marbles(?) used to distract enemies. To top things off, you do have the ability to slide or climb over walls after sprinting.Enviroment:The game seemingly takes place in an cyberpunk-alternative-dystopian 2015, where cars float, security droids fly, trees have (for some reason) been replaced with large, glowing banners on poles, and fashion has been reduced to the 80s. The Minecraftish look is assisted by coloring that gives a retro-gaming feel, and techno music (at least when you aren't sneaking around). The only complaint that I do have is that the environments' limits are clearly defined. Looking up, or being on the roof tops allows you to see that there really isn't much outside of the levels' walls. However, it is better than having beautifully designed environments that you in no way can access. The NPCs are rather simply designed, having minor details and rather smooth texturing, and have a bad case of mono-quote-iosis. The NPCs you do interact elaborately with do make up for their simple design with interesting personality.Story:If you for some reason didn't read the game description, here's the short version: You are a spy. You found something out you weren't supposed to know, corrupt boss has you arrested. You escape with the help of ex-colleagues and strangers. Now you have to stay off the grid and figure out who is responsible/how to clear your name. A bit cliché, but still intense. Certain actions and choices will determine characters' fate and enemy spawns. As you progress, you'll think twice before making each action, wondering if it will lead your spy agency to you or to your friends. You don't know whose strings the agency is rigging. If you haven't gotten the catch yet, there is a waft of Minority Report seeping through the cracks. The game is supposedly based on Edward Snowden's going whistleblower, which does put an interesting spin on the game as a whole. That regardless of the technology that is still fictional, there are still threads that link Jillian's story to normal life, whether it being authority tightening its grip or the seemingly hopeless situation that surrounds what remains of the middle class.Overall, this game is good for its story and gameplay. Recommended for those who like stealth and/or cyberpunk. Obviously not for those who don't like stealth or lack patience. In other words, this is the Deus Ex you didn't know you asked for.9/10"
76561198140215971,Recommended,310740,28717334,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,FinalCrutches04,I'm gonna be honest--I only got this game because of the soundtrack.
76561198004638331,Recommended,310740,27298349,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,arisofmane,"I should have written this review ages ago but better late than never! Neon Struct has been the game that really got me into the stealth game genre. It’s one of my favourite games of 2015 and still to date my favourite from Minor Key Games’ library.So, why do I love this game so much? Well, the gameplay reminds me a lot of the early Thief games (Thief 1 & 2) without the bow or weapons. It has grenades that stun enemies, area blackouts (I found this the most useful in my ghost runs), and later a grenade that teleports you where the grenade was thrown, and potions that can quiet your footsteps, cloak you, make you run faster, give healing and instantly hack cameras & computers without having to play the hacking mini game (where you are playing pong). With these items the game encourages you play it with a stealthy, pacifist approach or running around knocking everyone out. However, if you want to have the best grade of every level, you have to never get caught and collect all the geocaches that are spread throughout the levels (geocache tokens can help distract an enemy away from their patrol route). Money and items can also be collected. The levels in this game are well made and varied.The smooth, minimalist and neon look to the graphics is very striking, and the featureless faces of the NPCs is unnerving and reminiscent of the themes of the story. The soundtrack of Neon Struct that plays in between missions is wonderful and in my opinion well worth the money. Neon Struct’s story is a little similar to parts of Deus Ex’s plot, but comes into its own by going in a different direction.The only flaws of Neon Struct are there is no music playing throughout the mission levels of game making them too quiet (which was fixed in Slayer Shock), there could have been a little more detail in the level without messing up the look of the game, and it took me only seven hours to beat my first game and left me wanting more!!!"
76561197970396267,Recommended,310740,30515340,Posted: 14 March,all,Sol,"This is a very simplistic stealth game, graphically and mechanically. You play as a spy and sneak around like a spy does, sillently in the dark. You have a few tools on your hand to make your job easier but no weapons or real combat abilities. Mostly you knock out guards from behind. Or you avoid them by sneaking around. For wich the game gives you some options, as you can turn off some lights, take the back entrence or distract the guards. Exploring the levels gives you a little Deus Ex feeling as you discover some hidden money, gadgets or find one of the few side quests. It is not the hardest game but can be quite difficult depending on how you play it. Knock out everybody? Easy. Sneak around without beeing seen by anybody? Can be difficult. Its great when a game gives you that freedom.The story starts like a secret agent cliche, with you beeing bertrayed by your agency and you are on your own from that point on to clear your name and uncover some super secret stuff that is highly topical in this day and age. If you are into stealth games, buy this game, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,310740,26424423,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,moggers87,"This game has a lot wrong with it, but there are so few games like the orginal Thief and Thief 2 that I'd still recommend it.Pros:- The writing isn't overbearing which I find happens too often with games that use text dialogue rather voice overs.- Lots of interesting areas to explore.- Enemies telegraph well, it was always obvious what had caused them to become alert/see me.- Not all enemies can be neutralised and those that could had to be dealt with steathily - which forced me to play in a way that makes this sort of game more fun!Neutral:- I think the quality of the dialogue would have grated on me if it was a voice over, it was quite cheesey in placesCons:- I can hear the foot steps of the guy in the basement when I'm on the 3rd floor!- Sound didn't seem very ""directional"" at all, often I couldn't tell where a sound was coming from.- Large parts of the ending could have been left out and made for more satisfying experience.- Mistakes are too cheap, enemies seem to ""forget"" too easily.All in all, it's not a bad game. I think it just needs some more polish."
,Recommended,310740,26109035,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,jason moyer,"+ gameplay is an obvious homage to the original Thief, albeit without the ability to fight back+ clever level design+ surprisingly good, stylyzed graphics+ great soundtrack- the AI entities don't really have any personality because there are no AI barks or conversations (the game could really use a few ""Gawn dawn teh bar pits tomorrar"" moments)- while the sound propogation seems to work ok, the sounds made by the player don't seem to correspond in any way to what the AI is able to hear;  you can be making a ton of noise, but if you're crouched your movement is apparently completely silent anyway- game's difficulty is pretty dependent on the rating system, and if you don't care about getting good mission ratings it's stupidly easy, even on 'expert'"
,Recommended,310740,30579040,Posted: 17 March,all,Fima,"Neon Struct is a very special game for this time and age, although you may have heared it with the name of 'Deus Ex', but unfortunatly its not there yet... the towns are empty, the interaction is minimal, and you'll get imersed only by the end... and when youll start the game, it takes some time for you to like it. but once you do, its a decent Cyberpunk game that I enjoyed very much playing."
,Recommended,310740,24380115,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Wazat1,"I initially wandered off from this game and got busy with other stuff, but after revisiting and beating the game, I realized it was the stealth game I'd been missing/needing for a while.  It's pretty easy if you don't want a good grade, but meeting the bonus objectives of no takedowns, no sightings, no alarms, etc really increases the challenge and satisfaction.  Story also is pretty cool, and I liked the Strangers' vague 4th wall breaking comments.  Also has a neat visual appeal, very minimalist like its gameplay, and it shows just how much game you can squeeze from a solid formula (instead of junking it up with all kinds of gimmicks).I really liked the general lack of bottlenecking.  There's multiple ways to approach a level, and that's a nice breath of fresh air from a lot of stealth titles.  Geocache hunting was a nice touch, encouraging me to explore the level more thoroughly.Also, I made it my personal mission to murder every security camera I saw... I'm not sure why I had it out for them in particular, but it felt right to methodically terminate them one by one and leave no witnesses.  ^_^8/10, great way to build upon Eldritch's original engine and stealth system.  I recommend this to people who want a break from normal stealth games."
,Recommended,310740,28431411,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Revisor,"A poor man's copy of Thief with bad writing and poor level design, that can still provide a few enjoyable hours.This is an unashamed low budget copy of Thief, down to Constantine's mansion and the sound of the gulp when drinking potions (stims). I will not criticize the presentation. The graphics and animations are what they are, low budget. They serve their purpose alright. That said, there are quite a few points where the game goes wrong:Level design. The levels are small, cut into pieces by a loading screen or a door. There are sometimes multiple ways to an objective (think two doors to the same building, sometimes a window) but since the PC lacks any means of vertical traversal, levels are quite flat (buildings with multiple floors notwithstanding).Writing. The writing is uninspired and even though it tries to be gray, by the end of the game I didn't care for any of the characters I met. Well, with the exception of a pair of traitors. Those stood out the most to me.The hacking minigame. Hacking is something you'll spend quite a lot of time doing and fortunately it's in real time, meaning the world goes on, the guards continue their patrols etc. But the hacking minigame is a simple version of Arkanoid/Breakout. Why? It requires no skill whatsoever, you can not improve in it and it's not fun.Sound propagation. There's something wrong with sound propagation. Often I heard footsteps even through thick walls which made it impossible to orient myself by sound (I used headphones as well as speakers, neither helped).Music. The music in the game is not bad, but it didn't match the gameplay or the atmosphere. It should have been something else.Unclear shadows. This was probably the most frustrating negative. While in Thief you can look at the floor and immediately tell whether you will be visible or not, here the shadows have several problems: They don't have clear borders, instead they blur into one another. The difference between a completely lit and a completely dark floor is very small. Combined together, you often have no idea whether you can move on and stay in the shadows, or whether you will light up like a christmas tree.Despite these cons I quite enjoyed my time with Neon Struct. I must commend it for trying to copy Thief since there are not enough games in this genre, in my opinion.I reluctantly recommend the game if you like the genre and are willing to overlook many rough edges."
,Recommended,310740,27612363,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,A Well Worn Paint Job,"Truly an amazing game.The Gameplay, Music, Story, and overall atmosphere all combine to create an amazing unforgetable experience.The Stealth in this game is done masterfully, and can be enjoyed by even people who don't really like stealth games (Me)Other weapons and gameplay dynamics work to create and amazing gameplay experience.Other then the great gameplay, the overall atmosphere is outstanding. The story isn't the most detailed in the world, but is enough to keep you engaged and care about what happens to the world and its characters.The music is perfect. There are better soundtracks out there but this one is absolutely perfect for Neon Struct. The music and the artstyle are two of my favorite things about this game. The feel the pair create is simply beautiful.Overall an amazing game and i highly recommend it. 8/10"
,Recommended,310740,20054020,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,❤Chel❤,10/10 you play as a lesbian spy in a 80's aesthetic cyber future. also there's a tourist mode for folks that just wanna relax and enjoy the sights and sounds
,Recommended,310740,19542684,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[GWJ] Gravey,"Looks like a blockier Deus Ex, plays like a lighter Thief. Scratches that immersive stealth itch, with lots of shadows, tools, and leaning, though not especially deeply. Entertaining story, a singular aesthetic, great soundtrack, and possibly the best hacking mini game yet."
,Recommended,310740,21063986,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Siemens Xelibri 6,"SuperNeonFirstPersonSpy, like a ""Minecraftly NOLF"" without guns (No One Lives Forever, game byMonolith Productions)Musicin this game so atmospheric:10/10(cuz i love stuff like this)Gameplay:8/10Graphics:WHO CARES?Overall ratingfor this unique jenre:9/10Nice try,Minor Key Games, just keep it up.Im waiting for new stuff like this"
,Recommended,310740,17686234,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Radiatoryang,"Much like in Thief or Dishonored, if you're KOing every guard you see then you're basically saying ""this stealth is too hard and I'm a big baby, etc."" -- and if you're trying so hard to depopulate and simplify every level, then you don't get to complain that it's too simple. (advice: if you've played a Thief before, play one difficulty above Normal.)The operative word here is ""minimalism""... the levels aren't too big nor too small, and all the spaces have good logic to them. The whole campaign has a nice rhythm to it actually, alterating between mansion heists and small city hubs. There's also some nice bits where what you do in the towns seem to affect what happens in a mission, e.g. you carelessly talked to someone you shouldn't have, and they ratted you out, and now there are more guards, etc.The soundtrack is 10 steps above most video game music. Like, it's actually listenable as real music that real people listen to. What's weird is that this game gets oddly quiet sometimes, like 50% of the game is pretty much just footsteps and no NPC dialog, which is a shame, I wish there was more to the NPC sound and world soundscapes, but I guess when you gotta ship you gotta ship.Anyway. This is a really nice homage to Thief / Deus Ex / some Shocks, and it respects your time. I recommend it.(disclaimer: I know one of the dudes who made this, and I presented on a GDC panel with him)"
76561198041461815,Recommended,310740,25606412,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Bjola,"Fantastic! A true Thief homage (in so, so many ways) with Minecraft-y graphics and a great score. If you love the old gameplay of Thief and Thief 2, you will definitely enjoy this.Some of the levels suffer with a little bit too much linear design, but usually there are multiple routes, even if one seems to have been designed as absolutely correct.  [Note: I prefer to completely ghost stealth games, so I rarely used the handful of handy tools you were given and never touched a guard. I'm sure doing so would have made seemingly impossible routes more doable.]  Would have loved some voice-acting, but for a non-AAA stealth game, this is easily forgiveable. Would have liked it to be a little longer and the maps a bit more expansive, but again, this isn't a $60 game.Great value, great game."
,Recommended,310740,15938382,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Dr. Minnericht,"TL;DR: If you enjoyed the original Thief and Deus Ex games, get this right now. Don't worry about the minimalist graphics, they are actually pretty good and so polished you stop noticing the lack of detail pretty quick.I've played the game 1.5 times so far. It's basically Thief 1/2 (complete with light gem and shadows) in the Deus Ex world, but with smaller levels. It's pure stealth; there's no fighting although you can knock guards out from behind, but I never had to. The graphics are minimalist without being retro or bad. With the film grain postprocessing effect, it's actually rather attractive looking. It feels like a 90s game, but with the failed attempt at photorealism removed and replaced with a clean but undetailed look."
,Recommended,310740,16025989,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,SimReality,"I've been very much enjoying Neon Struct. Definitely consider it a puzzle game; you're watching this world from first person trying to solve how to get through with the least amount of conflict. It's not (if you're playing it ""right"") a fast paced action game, but of course you're free to try running it that way.I have some issues with the AI but most of that is my own expectations that we'd start seeing more impressive AI. If an AI is walking back and forth between a couple doors, you can open one door and they won't even get suspicious. I even turned off a TV in a room with two AI and neither batted an eye. Also if you get spotted you just sprint to a dark area and sit for a moment; every AI will immediately forget that they saw you and go back to mindlessly wandering back and forth.My only real complaint is the ambient noise. At first I thought my laptop was overheating but it turns out there's this fuzzy kind of ambient noise that doesn't seem to have an option to turn off. I found it a bit grating but I guess I can understand that the developer didn't want silence either.All in all I think it's a good game and one that fans of the stealth genre will enjoy."
,Recommended,310740,16266857,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,BloodOfTheNorth,Sneaky low-fi cyberpunk Thief-style 6 hour job interview.
76561197970482328,Not Recommended,310740,28843557,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,fjk1138,"The minialist effect of the overall presentation is only interesting for a short amount of time.  The gameplay is as basic as you can get, and gets pretty boring after awhile.  Plus, if you enjoy knocking enemies out, don't go any further - this game holds it against you for doing so, even though you can't kill anyone in the game.  There are no maps to speak of, and all dialogue is told via text only.  Probably what I like the least, however, was that the game just feels so stiff; it's like you clip clop your way through countless bland levels that all get confusing after ahwile because they all look the same.I was really hoping this was going to be something more interesting, but it's not, and I got it on sale.  There are far better stealth games out there."
,Recommended,310740,16073494,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Farbs,"Streamlined, gorgeous stealth game. Thumbs all the way up."
,Recommended,310740,31792719,Posted: 16 May,all,CZtheDude,Thief/Deus Ex on a budget.
76561198173606567,Not Recommended,310740,30956874,Posted: 5 April,all,KeinSchiesse,"I thought the game's gadgets and stealth itself would be enough to interest me more than its very bland art style, unfortunately the AI is dumb enough to just completely space out that you're standing right in front of them if you go one ""block"" higher than their vision. Maybe the mechanics expand and the game becomes more immersive later on but it felt very simple and boring rather quickly with very unimpressive level design and graphics. It looks like cheap knockoff Legos wandering around aimlessly and is about as fun as that sounds."
76561198149073283,Recommended,310740,15922035,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,readyvic,Great game with some choice based play. Not polished but left a smile on my face. took about 4-5hrs play time .
76561198077449566,Not Recommended,310740,20638571,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,MrMeeseeks,"Neon Struct isn't terrible, but why would you play it when you could be playing either of the first two Thief games instead?No joke, this game is trying to be a carbon copy of those games with a coat of cyberpunk paint slapped on it. And fewer gadgets, no ranged attacks, no voice acting, more linear level design, less enemy variety, worse AI and a shorter campaign.As NS is from an indie developer, I'm probably being harsh but considering that the only thing this game does better than the games it's emulating are its graphics (which, 15 years on, isn't difficult), I can't see any reason to recommend it to anyone."
76561198011675151,Recommended,310740,22172450,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,X Triarius X,"Extremely appealing minimalist aesthetic, simple gameplay that still requires a bit of thinking/planning, and an innovative diegetic 'Soundtrack' that will stick with you for months. Maybey it's only critisism could be that the game is relatively easy on Normal difficulty but could get frustrating on higher difficulty levels.  Also, don't forget to download the official 'Dulce Archives' DLC from the workshop (it's free)."
76561197968395460,Recommended,310740,17569131,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,JohnnyTheWolf,"NEON STRUCT is to Deus Ex and Thief what Spirits of Xanadu is to System Shock 2.PROS:+ Stylish, minimalistic presentation+ Useful autosave feature+ Non-lethal gameplay+ Exemplary diversity+ Open-ended levels+ Intriguing storyCONS:- Abrupt, anticlimactic ending- Few gameplay possibilities- No map/minimap features- Enemy AI limitations- No voice-acting- Fairly easy"
76561197971887513,Recommended,310740,35084612,Posted: 20 September,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video review:https://youtu.be/w6ZBV_oM0bY
76561198073648775,Recommended,310740,15994668,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Suma,"I didn't even make it through the demo before purchasing the this awesome stealth action game!Get the free demo here:http://store.steampowered.com/app/368320/NEON STRUCT is every bit as fun and tense as the Deus Ex or the Thief series IMO.  It's pure stealth action, without blood or violence.  A nice change for once!  Checkout the demo and see for yourself!  You gotta love dev's that supply a demo!  KUDOS to the whole team!  Fun game!I highly recommend this game to anyone that remotely likes to creep around and hide in the shadow waiting to thump guards on the head! :-)  Shhh!  Don't scare the pigeons! lol :-)Pros+ Can hide in the dark+ Can sneak silently+ Can sneak faster than guards walk+ Can pickpocket guards and NPC+ Can knockout guards & NPC, then hide their bodies+ Can turn various lights on or off+ Can hack locked doors, chests & alarms+ Fun and easy hacking mini game+ Can distract guards and other NPC+ Can run and then slide silently (repeatedly)+ Save game anytime with quick or multiple permanent saves+ Did I mention there are treasure chests+ Hidden objects encourage exploration+ The game runs on many older computers+ Decent old school artsy graphics+ Good sounds and music+ Fun text-based story with big text and nice menus+ Configurable controls for keyboard, mouse & gamepads+ Good options settings for sound and video+ Small install size (102 MB)The list of Pros goes on & on...Cons- No weapons (not really a Con IMO)- Limited ambient sounds sort of take away from the atmosphereThis is seriously a fun game created for stealth action fans!   It sure gives you a rush at times!"
,Recommended,310740,15994261,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Chris Were,I absolutely love it. My full review can be found here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpzs_ineD5I
,Recommended,310740,15996395,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Aaron,Fantastic game with old-school level design and story-telling.
,Not Recommended,310740,34854965,Posted: 9 September,all,"Jerma - ""You got a problem?""","Game would have been good maybe back in the 80s.$10+ is asking way too much, this game could pass as a $2 game."
76561198016880425,Recommended,310740,16428320,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Retrograde,This game is well crafted and enjoyable. An interesting story of stealth and corporations in the near future.Good soundtrack as well.
,Recommended,310740,15958429,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,ich spreche kein Deutsch
,Recommended,310740,15918679,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Leon-Is-Das,Awesome game ! its very fun and reminds me of the good old stealth days :) i looking forward for the costum missions!
,Recommended,310740,33733618,Posted: 22 July,all,jamesrk5,Loved it! Great job.
,Recommended,310740,21192158,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Genebris,"Well, one of the best games from 2015. Feels a lot like Thief and Eldritch, nice story and atmosphere."
,Recommended,310740,16902843,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Kyven,This superb stealth game steals the spotlight.
,Recommended,310740,16032581,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,vodolaz095,"Finally beat it. Good story, high FPS, unusual graphics, Thief 1 style gameplay. But few drawbacks:1) Many homosexual references including punk girls calling each other `My girlfriend`, two male occupants in 601 flat, -  really upsets me (i am Orthodox Christian)2) Really dump AI - if Player's Character is spotted, they pursue her like sedated Common Infected from Left4Dead - mindlessly. Also they ignore light flickering, doors left open (in Thief 2\3 they reacted on it)3) Unrealistic sounds - footsteps are realy noisy and it is hard to find enemy by listening, like it was in Eldrich, the game with the same Engine.4) Spoiler - they will not give you a gun! Or even knife, or crowbar, or even a club! Only bare hands knockdown from behind and some gadgets5) For reasons unknown the flying droinds gives me laughts, possibly they looks and sounds like my robot vacuum cleaner, that not only flyes, but has evil eyes too."
76561198020144608,Recommended,310740,26176798,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
76561198273189110,Not Recommended,310740,23510709,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,pondlake,"I really wanted to like it... but I didn't. It clearly is inspired by Deus Ex and very artsy. But the package as a whole is dissapointing. The gameplay sucks, it's slow and repetitive. The story is like you would expect but nothing spectacular with a weak ending. And all the misplaced feminism didn't help either. Big disappointment overall."
,Recommended,310740,32705240,Posted: 23 June,all,temdisponivel,Worth every penny!
,Not Recommended,310740,32089955,Posted: 31 May,all,Kyller3030[RO],"The soundtrack is the only good thing about this one, sorry."
,Not Recommended,310740,30205330,Posted: 26 February,all,DeadnCryin,sucks
76561198066612355,Recommended,310740,23271817,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,sfranse,"Great style, great stealth, great music."
76561198035448621,Recommended,310740,23860484,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Khan,"A surprisingly very good stealth game! Deserves to be more known.Dont be stopped by the low budget graphics as they don't matter at all, the gameplay is great and the storry adds a nice drive to it all.Recommended for all stealth fans."
,Recommended,310740,20890640,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,a sh0pping cart,"FPS - First Person StealthNo weapons, only gadgets and stealth skills.I recommend this game because I absolutely love the atmosphere it creates. Cyberpunk + low poly design + great looking set pieces. However, I know it's not for everyone.There isn't much to the game. It's mainly exploration of levels and avoiding guards as you uncover a story of government conspiracy and omniscent surveillance. Think: Deus Ex meets Edward Snowden. The story itself isn't too groundbreaking, and it's told in a fairly cut-and-dry manner of dialogue, but it's enough for me to want to keep digging.This is for the fans of stealth games like Thief and Splinter Cell. It's fairly barebones gameplay-wise and the level design isn't anything to write home about, but the atmosphere and dedication to stealth is what sold me on this game."
76561198180486143,Recommended,310740,19016650,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,User_205,Amazing title!
,Recommended,310740,19940828,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,alison,"This is an entertaining little stealth game set in a wonderful cyberpunk world. It took me a while to get into it because it looks like Mirror's Edge meets Minecraft by way of Patrick Nagel, but once the story gets going it turns out that's a delightful aesthetic. At first i found the stealth very difficult, until i realized there is a little meter on the bottom of the screen that as long as you keep it black you are literally invisible to the bad guys, even when you are standing right next to them - then it became way too easy. You also get given a bunch of implausible spy gadgets, but much like Deus Ex i never used any of them. Anyway, gamey stealth mechanics aside, the story is a classic cyberpunk conspiracy yarn peppered with fun little conversations and easter eggs. And the music is insanely good, with shades of The Cure, Cocteau Twins and sweaty, dirty space disco. If you liked Majestic Nights, you'll love this. If you enjoyed Mirror's Edge or Deus Ex and you don't mind something a bit rougher around the edges, give it a try. If you remember the 80s fondly, just stop reading and get it right now."
76561198066422046,Recommended,310740,21326900,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Reddragon32145,"A fun, if somewhat short, cyberpunk stealth game. It also recently added a free piece of DLC (the Dulce Archives), workshop support, and a level editor to extend the length a bit."
76561198111286397,Recommended,310740,17606866,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Rowdy Fella,"I am a big fan of Eldritch, especially the stealth system, so when I heard that Neon Struct was a first person stealth game running on the Eldritch engine, I could hardly contain my wallet. Anyway, here is a list of Pros and Cons of the game:PROS-Good soundtrack, if a tad repetitive at times-Runs very well-Good characters-Decent amount of gadgets to use-Good missions, and small side objectives occr very often, which are extremely satisfying to fulfill-For the completionists, there are collectable geocaches and a rating system to help motivate you-The hacking mini-game is pretty well made, sure it is a breakout clone, but the fact that the game does not pause while you are hacking adds to the suspence-Good level design for the most partCONS-Bad ending. A very big anticlimax. I am not going to tell you how, but you will understand when you get there.-AI can vary between laughably stupid and incredibly hard from time to time, which may annoy fans of other stealth games. I though it added to the charm, but I can see it being frustrating.-Feels like it was originally going to be bigger, but was cut down. A few levels feel really unique and interesting, and then the likes of them are never seen again-Short. I beat this game in 4 hours, and although I will be coming back for more, the campaign is very small. You can download new levels over the internet, but this game has a tiny community.-LEVEL EDITOR NOT AVAILABLE FOR LINUX OR MACINTOSHHere is my final gradingStory: 6/10 It is good until the end, where it begins to suck.Gameplay: 8/10 Excluding a few AI hiccups and the lovable wonky physics of the Eldritch engine, its good.Replayabilty: 6/10 Same levels over and over again, some side objectives, but not as much as its predecesor, but honestly, no game can beat Eldritch's replayabiity so I won't judge it too harshlyAtmosphere: 9/10 Exceedingly good atmosphere, you really feel like you are living in a Cyberpunk society.Total: 7.25/10 This game is good. A little pricey, but definitely worth your time. I would love to see a Neon Struct 2 as well as MAC AND LINUX COMPATABILITY FOR LEVEL EDITOR AND STEAM WORKSHOP SUPPORT EEEEEEEEEEEEEE (edit: Apparently the level editor is not available on any platforms yet, so it is entirely likely the level editing software will come to all platforms at roughly the same time/)"
,Recommended,310740,28886502,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Nooks130,"What an experience!  I loved the style and enviroment of the game, it really captures the player into the game.  While some may not like the blocky ""minecraft""-like enviroment, you have to agree that the simplicity of the game is really the key feature.  Another aspect of the game that really got me hooked was the music. I don't know how to describe it, but once you hear it, you're gonna want to get the deluxe edition and keep the soundtrack to yourself.The gameplay requires true stealth.  You have no weapons but your hands to take down in close range, and a limited amount of stun grenade-like objects.  I personally don't use the grenades a lot because I like the 'true stealth' gameplay, but I suppose they could be useful in some levels.The story is simple at first; you're a spy for a security agency tracking down suspects, but in the third or fourth level,it takes a big turn.  You realize that the agency you work for is, well...doing some weird stuff.  Pretty much, you're evading their search while trying to get proof of their unethical actions to show to the world.  Without getting into too much detail, I'll just say that the story is predictable, but is still intersting.I'm not good at conclusions so I'll just say that this game is well worth your time.  Recommended!"
,Recommended,310740,33995677,Posted: 3 August,all,meatrace,"A great, stylish game in the tradition of its 0451 forebears. While I can't say it lives up to the stealth legacy left by greats like Deus Ex or Thief, if you crave a stealth game in a cyberpunk world it will slake your thirst.I just want to be clear though, you should know what you're getting. The graphics are almost voxel style-big, blocky and simplistic. It screams twee indie darling, but if you can look past it the gameplay is quite solid, and the soundtrack is awesome.I will say it's probably not worth the full retail price, but if you can pick it up in the $8-$12 range it will give you quite a lot of bang for your buck."
76561198138456013,Recommended,310740,34767512,Posted: 5 September,all,panthoress,"The aumbience, the music, just my mood. I'm loving this game."
,Recommended,310740,34821658,Posted: 8 September,all,fick meinen Schwanz aus,"I wish there was an option for a ""mixed"" review. This is a good game. The level design is good, the movement and stealth systems feel perfect, and I'm enjoying playing it so far. The giant glaring issue with this game is the sound design. Enemy footsteps don't fade on the other side of walls or with distance, so it's impossible to know where the enemies are unless they're right in your line of sight."
76561198048957769,Recommended,310740,34838274,Posted: 9 September,all,Elmeri,Theme and atmosphere from Deus Ex.Controls and level design from Thief.Graphics from Minecraft.
,Recommended,310740,34872341,Posted: 10 September,all,Lum,"So I played through the entire game in 2 days, and I enjoyed the setting, the characters are well written enough and it wasnt really trying to re-invent the wheel, its like if THEIF was in the cyberpunk future. The soundtrack is excellent and the stealth elements are pretty great albeit a little infuriating sometimes."
,Recommended,310740,34868185,Posted: 10 September,all,Lucky13,very great story and gameplay mechanicssome levels are really hard but not impossible you have to really try to beat them9/10 would recommend you to play thisthis game is something in betveen superhot and hitman
,Recommended,310740,35246344,Posted: 27 September,all,bartio,"i love stealth games.My all time favourites are only games where i was able to sneak like a shy fox.Thief 1 and 2, Thief Deadly Shadows, Systemshock 2, Dishonored, Deus Ex, Alien Isolation. All games i loved to play.And neon struct is class aswell.Ofc the graphic is hideous, but believ me, after some minutes you wont even take notice the spartanic interior and blocky enemies, because you get thrilled.Gameplay, soundtrack, story and somehow the cyberpunk art style are top notch.Loved it."
,Recommended,310740,35112689,Posted: 21 September,all,azowillowgame,"Neon Struct is a stealth fanatic's dream, and much like a dream: it isn't all there. On the surface this seems like a negative statement, but it actually embodies the true genius of this game.Most obviously, the graphics aren't as polished as they could be. Character models and game objects seem unfinished and barren - the people don't have facial features, for example - and the variety of objects in the game both to interact with and just to flesh out the scenery could certainly be said to be lacking. However, I found that at any point during gameplay there was always just enough going the right way to keep me completely immersed in the experience. That, I believe, is what truly makes this gem shine. Minor Key Games chose to focus entirely on immersion - the atmosphere and general feel of the game world - not wasting any time on things like photorealistic graphics, motion capture, etc, which in the grand scheme of things are non-essential to the experience they set out to create. Even the story, all-told, is fairly basic in it's telling, as it is mostly given to you in short conversations at the beginnings and ends of missions. This however does nothing to lessen the quality of the story, and actually strenthens it, as it allows Minor Key to really focus on the barebones of what makes the story strong and relatable, which makes it that much easier for the player to really sink into the role of Jillian Cleary, the game's protagonist.I absolutely reccomend this game to any stealth enthusiast. The mechanics are solid, and the stealth is tense and satisfying. On top of that, the atmosphere of Neon Struct is undeniably palpable, with a steadfast dedication on the developer's part to a barren neon and concrete aesthetic that so pointedly gives face to the overgrown surveillance state of the modern world, coupled with a fantastic soundtrack by electronic duo the Home Conversion that just oozes synth, dissent, and wonder.Neon Struct is a fully realized vision of a great stealth game, and the mysterious and unexplained omnipresence of the ""strangers,"" would seem to suggest that we will one day be blessed with a sequel. In the meantime, it is absolutely worth it to play the free DLC ""The Dulce Archives,"" which is a satisfying prequel that seems to loosely connect Neon Struct with other games in Minor Key's impressive portfolio.Buy this game, sale or not. It is so worth it."
76561198013682977,Recommended,310740,35457570,Posted: 3 October,all,JMan1993,"Don't let the simplistic visuals put you off. I would definitely recommend this game, especially to people who are fans of the first two Thief games."
