user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,310950,21246290,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Jean Valjean,"It's 2016 Capcom. Only having Xinput support on release when several large vendors of controllers/fight sticks/fight pads use Dinput is completely unacceptable. I will update this when it's fixed, but my god I shouldn't need to use some random 3rd party programs to get basic controller schemes to work.2/17/16 Edit:Capcom has heard this complaint and is working on it apparently. I will update my review when dinput is added, but until that point I still don't recommend purchasing the game."
,Not Recommended,310950,33644062,Posted: 18 July,all,Iron_Tiki,"After many hours, a great number of ranked matches and late night lobbies, and a couple local tournaments, I can finally say confidently that I do not recommend this game.The singleplayer content is barebones and not at all worth playing. This is fine in a competitive fighting game, since the focus is more on competitive multiplayer. If you're not interested in that, take a hard pass on Street Fighter V and play a fighting game with worthwhile singleplayer content. Guilty Gear Xrd is a good one.Mechanically, the game isn't bad at all. It's fairly simple, with a modest amount of easy to understand mechanics that lead to interesting gameplay. It's also popular, so you can always find people online to play with. It's not a difficult game to pick up, and it's more accessible and rewarding than most other fighting games. That said, I still have a few problems with the gameplay.Namely:* Defensive options are awful. This is why high level play is just watching people do meaty setups on eachother. It's also why throw loops are as prevalent as they are.* Questionable design decisions, such as removing frame 1 invuln from all meterless DPs. This really skews the risk/reward of those moves, which is an odd choice from a game franchise that's so rooted in pure and simple fighting game fundamentals.* Timing is sort of strange. It's a game with 3 frame normals, so things like blockstrings and meaty attacks need to be pretty airtight. If they're not (and it's hard for them to be with any sort of network stutter in the mix) then mashing light buttons will get you out of a lot of situations. This should be a bad habit, but it's rewarding in this game for some reason.* The input delay/netcode makes it feel pretty unresponsive. If you're coming from other fighting games, expect to get hit by many fullscreen moves (Balrog's rush punches, Cammy's EX spiral arrow, Ken's EX tatsu) if you don't block preemptively.In terms of everything aside from the gameplay, it's an inexcusable travesty. The netcode is terrible, and even on wired connections with people in my own hometown it feels jerky and frustrating. Other fighting games add input delay, or seem to run the game in slow motion. SFV just teleports you from one connected attack to the next so you can watch yourself die in a jerky mess of unreactable attacks. The netcode also seems to send all the lag to the person with better internet. I remember having a really good night on ranked with seemingly stable connections and slow witted opponents, only to later realize I had been torrenting and my sister had been watching Netflix, presumably sending all the lag to my opponents.Unlocking characters, costumes, colors, and stages requires either making microtransactions with real world money, or spending ingame currency, which is extremely limited and for the most part non-renewable. You get 50 fight money for a win in a ranked match, zero for a loss. Characters cost 100,000 fight money each. You do the math. All the good cosmetics in this game are behind paywalls that you'd expect to see in free to play games. But it's a full price triple-A title, and the character season passes are also inexcusably expensive.Capcom has been pretty terrible with supporting this game as well. Patches are frequently delayed by weeks if not months, and it's missing many quality of life changes that should have been included at time of release (eg. saving battle lounge settings when the game closes, or being able to skip the awful tutorial on a fresh install). They also straight up lied about a Linux release. That was supposed to happen concurrent with the Windows release, but there has been no word from Capcom on that front.I could go on. There's been a very long train of disappointments with this game, and you shouldn't hop on it. Maybe they'll release Super Street Fighter V as the rumors say, and then I'll give this review another revision, but I don't see things changing for the better. The game is still going to be expensive, laggy, and unsatisfying. But it's got a lot of players, so it's got that going for it.Crossplay is very nice though. I wish more fighting games had that."
,Not Recommended,310950,21267089,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Prisma☆Sigma,It should be illegal for this not to be considered an Early Access game.
,Not Recommended,310950,21246850,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,D4rkZ3r0,"I feel ripped off.Nevermind the lack of input configuration or game modes like Arcade or Story, Capcom had one job, get online Multiplayer right, and rather than rant on about how absolutely awful the online experience is, here is my full review of Street Fighter V through images. At least I was able to play about 15 seconds of an online match, so there's that.https://imgur.com/a/KD8m6DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IN IT'S CURRENT STATE, BUGGY, LAGGY, UNPOLISHED TRASH!Will Update Review once the dust has settled, but by the time everything is fixed Street Fighter V: Game Of The Year Edition will be out for $20 less."
,Not Recommended,310950,29955072,Posted: 15 February,all,docvalentine,"When the game launched, I knew it was unfinished. I knew updates were coming.I decided, I love Street Fighter and I know it'll be worth the cover price in a year.It's been a year.Street Fighter 5 sucks.No Arcade Mode. No sign one is coming.Survival sucks. They haven't fixed it aer a year, so I guess that's how they want it.In-game currency is exponentially too slow to acquire (you'd need 2000 online wins to buy a character @50FM per win and 100,000FM per character).Promised ""Daily challenges"" are actually weekly.Promised ""Extra Battle Mode"" is MIA.The netcode is a step back from 4.Remember that time they gave us all a rootkit?Akuma is a lion now.I'm uninstalling, leaving my ""Do Not Recommend"" and moving on with my life.I will avoid doing business with Capcom for the forseeable future."
76561197968132706,Not Recommended,310950,34260439,Posted: 15 August,all,A4|DrHaze,"Capcom claims all the content will be available via fight money or purchase, but when it gets around to finally making additional content it's only for money. The whole game was unfinished when it was released, the depth of the game is that of a pool for children, and the character models on some of these characters is just completely messed up. I can support a company that is straight forward with good content, but not one that is constantly lying to me and perpetuating the things that are wrong with video games/companies these days."
76561198148945327,Not Recommended,310950,32321176,Posted: 10 June,all,Peelaros,"After picking up Tekken 7 it is clear now why this game is so bad.Street Fighter a free to play format fighting game that requires the consumer to pay hundreds of dollars to get the game’s full content.I paid full price for Street Fighter V when it came out and only got 16 fighters 11 stages, trial mode(this is good), vs mode and online play...that’s it... no story mode(it was added later), arcade mode, and no secret bosses that you can unlock which has been part of the Street fighter formula since SSF2T. The fight money you use to buy characters and stages in the game is a joke. After you complete the story mode and level up fighters you find yourself hitting a wall trying to save 100000 fight money to unlock fighters, Capcom puts you in a position to buy the content, which for the most part sucks and is expensive.  Furthermore the bad net-code, dumb down gameplay, and input lag added to the game make this game mind-numbing to play and watch…. How many times can we watch Karin combo into her super combo off any of her basic combos? Worst Esport game ever.Tekken 7 on the other hand gives you 37 fighters, an interesting story mode, arcade mode, treasure mode, over 20 stages, amazing amount of alternate costumes and content that you can unlock without having to spend cash! Unlike Street fighter V, Tekken’s fight money is easy to earn and you can earn it offline, all for $49.00!I have been playing Street Fighter since 1992 and can officially say I have moved on, Capcom has exploited it's fan base and implemented a system that nickel and dime their loyal consumers.Good bye Capcom, you can Choke on Marvel Vs Capcom Infinite!"
76561198006069830,Not Recommended,310950,22443339,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Arcjo,"No D-Input support + 145ms input lag = terrible core game.Needs more single player support, faster matchmaking, mappable keybinding, graphics optionsFighting system is stellar, but it's EXTREMELY held back by it's flaws"
,Not Recommended,310950,24898735,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Saki,"Updated for Season 2 - December 2016 UpdateThe core gameplay is amazing, lots of improvements over Street Fighter IV and the battle mechanics are a lot better as well. The BGM is brilliant and Unreal Engine 4 gets the job done on the visual side of things, except for clipping, which is awful to look at in some instances.On PC, there are no keyboard or language settings which were present in Street Fighter IV from day 1. These should've been there from the beginning!The absence of Steam Cloud support means that some settings and single-player progress are not preserved when you install the game from scratch.The online infrastructure and netcode have been problematic since release which is unacceptable for a AAA* fighting game. Sometimes one player gets all the rollbacks, one player has a flawless match while the other sees nothing but lag which results in an overall terrible experience.The game lacks standard single-player game modes, such as the arcade mode, that are present in other fighting games. Certain game modes (survival mode especially) are awfully designed and playing them is agony rather than fun.Capcom has terrible communication with its player base, it is never known what they are planning to come up with and we don't know what issues are being worked on or what issues they are aware or not aware of.All gameplay related content is either free or purchasable with in-game currency which can be earned by playing but you don't get enough money from game modes so you have to spend real money if you want to get all the characters. And I haven't even mentioned the stages, the costumes, etc...The game was promised to come for SteamOS. There have been no news since the original announcement in February 2016, not even a ""it's cancelled, sorry guys"".Overall Street Fighter V is a great game but its flaws leave me dissatisfied, especially if I think about what the game was like on release nearly a year ago. And it's still not good enough...*Don't tell me it's not AAA, it costs 60 EUR."
,Not Recommended,310950,21247212,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Handsome Mike,Street Fighter V - Early Access✔ Not finished✔ Extremely low content✔ Broken launch✔ Error 2100d✔ Overpriced✔ Ugly graphics and pictures✔ Poorly optimized✔ Only 16 characters on startRISE UP !http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=625530183http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=625535024
,Not Recommended,310950,21246969,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Get Smoked,"An absolute mess. I bought this game knowing full well it lacks many features, but I at least expected the game to be functional on a basic level. You can consider yourself lucky if you can even log in to the servers within 5 minutes of launching the game, but don't rejoice too soon because if your experience is anything like mine, you won't be able to find a match anyway and this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥will graciously kick you out after a couple of minutes anyway.This trash belongs in early access - not marketed on the front page as a finished game sold at full price."
,Not Recommended,310950,21243419,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,(☆╹^╹)ﾉDongsMBM (R.I.P Papalymo),"The game is not finished. It lacks alot of the content.Let's use sf4 as the base example, SF5 lacks1: Basic keyboard remap, you can't remap your desired keyboard controls. if you play with a keyboard, just don't bother2: No arcade mode. some people don't care about an arcade mode, but alot people do, it's a great mode to play casually and testing out ur combos in semi real combat versus AI, but the game doesn't have it3: No trial mode. The game lacks a trial mode that exsited in almost every fighting game that has been released after 2003, and it's a great mode to learn characters and basic combos, yet the game don't have it.4: You cant really invite your friend to play with you at the moment, it asks for a fighter ID where requires you to login into the CFN(capcom fighter network), and the function is not avaliable yet, so playing with your friend is not possible.5: varies missing features such as the store is not even implemented yet.6: lots of fight sticks are not supported yet like the old games did, so if u have a fight stick and wanting to play this game, better check with the forum and see if ur stick is supported.this is what I found so far, will be updating this review if I find more issues or if capcom fixes these issues.Way to ♥♥♥♥ up an release of you most anticipated game this year, capcom"
,Not Recommended,310950,21990258,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,soft asmr tingles,"Alright, I'm just gonna start off by saying that I really enjoy thecore gameplayin SFV. It's very fun, the cast feels pretty balanced even though Capcom has only released one DLC char (Alex) so far, the mechanics such as V-Skill and V-Trigger make the game more interesting, and overall when things are working, they work really well in my opinion. I'm actually having a character crisis right now becauseI personally haven't found a single character that I don't enjoy playing. All that aside:Since this game was being rushed out for tournaments (under Capcom Pro Tour, to be specific), there were going to be things missing from the game at release.  This is what I and plenty of others expected while playing in the beta, but what we got at release was a mess that turned people away from the game and gave SFV a lot of bad press. And unfortunately, a lot of the bad press is still justified.Some examples SFV's issues:No D-Input support and no way to  configure keybinds without using third party programs (which makes no sense, since this game is ONLY released on PC and PS4. Why is there little PS4 controller support & no keybind configuration in the game from the jump??)Arcade mode no longer present, and has been replaced (?) with ""story mode"" and SurvivalStory mode is just 4 or 5 easy, 1 round fights against the CPU tied together with some short illustrated cutscenes. Once you beat each chars story mode you are then able to buy their story mode costume from the ingame shop and you are also given Fight Money (which is the in game currency you'd use to buy costumes, characters, etc.). Overall it's not terrible, but besides getting Fight Money its a pretty forgettable mode.Survival mode is another mode where you fight against the CPU, and was added as a way to get colors for each characters costumes and to gain even more Fight Money. However, on the higher difficulties (Normal & above) the AI goes from ridiculous easy to ridiculously difficult without warning. Also, if you lose (which you probably will, since they are all 1 round fights and later on the AI starts reading your inputs), you won't get anything at all for your efforts. Instead you just have to start all over again, which is frustrating to say the least. Also, there's a lot of stages you have to fight through, from 30 on Normal, 50 on Hard and 100 on Extreme difficulty. (However, Extreme doesn't grant you colors, only a Title and tons of Fight Money) So God forbid the servers go down or your internet cuts out. And to top that off? The colors you gain in Survival mode areper costume, not per character. Meaning, say you have one alt costume for Ryu, but you somehow beat all the survival modes using his default costume? To get the all new colors for his alt,you have to do each survival mode, from Easy to Hard all over again.I personally haven't had a lot of bad experiences with the netcode, BUT when lag is present, the game turns into a practically unplayable slideshow with the characters teleporting around during the match. Your mileage may vary, however; some don't have a lot of issues, others have a LOT.Compared to USF4 (and other fighting games in general) it can take quite a while  to find a match. And when you do find a match, you then have to load in, which per fight takes about a minute on average. After the fight it takes about another minute to go back to training mode/main menu. This process ends up taking way too long. This isn't a hardware issue, but rather an issue with the game communicating with Capcom's servers.Speaking of hardware, the hardware requirements in this game are way higher than USF4's. This honestly isn't a huge deal, but if you have a toaster hoping to easily run this game akin to USF4, prepare to downscale your game into oblivion in hopes of reaching 60 fps.Ragequitting is an issue, since there isn't any real penalty for it in the game (which makes no sense, since USF4 just took points away from whoever quit...)Training mode doesn't save your preferences after you quit the game/go to the main menu (Sounds kinda nitpicky, but this is another feature that USF4 has that SFV does not.)These are just the things that are off the top of my head, but I'm pretty sure there's more.My opinion in a nutshell:This game is basically in Early Access. There's a bunch of features that are missing from the game along with a lot of weird design choices that are REALLY holding back it's potential, and because of this I'd have to recommend skipping or at the very least waiting on buying the game until much later, possibly June. Although to be fair, with a AAA game being released in a state like this, in retrospect I probably wouldn't recommend buying a game released like this at all. Which really, really sucks because besides the thousand papercuts that plagues SFV, it is a really fun fighting game."
,Not Recommended,310950,32126181,Posted: 2 June,all,Spanish Zebra,"Too many micro-transactions, and its not even a F2P."
,Not Recommended,310950,32170908,Posted: 4 June,all,nextpainjoshua,Pros:- Fun V-Trigger mechanicCons:- Over simplified gameplay- Limited offline content- Poor online netcode- Small amount of characters (even with DLC)- Lazily written and animated story mode
,Recommended,310950,23614786,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,swagskheletor,"A VERY OUTDATED REVIEW THAT WAS WRITTEN BEFORE URIEN UPDATE, NOT GONNA UPDATE ANYTIME SOONFirst of all, if you are a casual player who gives no kcuf about multiplayer experience - don't buy it, you will be very dissapointed at the moment, you do better wait for Story expansion which comes out at the end of the June. This review is mostly aimed to hardcore fighting game players  or those who just love fighting games for their multiplayer experience and gameplay that want to pick up the game, i won't be covering the single-player this game has for that reason.So let me start from the most important thing in fighting games...GAMEPLAYThe gameplay is very, very solid and fun, character balance is on point (at least much better than in NRS games) and the variety of characters themselves is big, they don't play the same and have different learning process and unique gameplay, i'm sure everyone will find a character that suits him the most. As in every SF game, gameplay mechanics have changed, now you have aV-System, which consists ofV-Skill,V-ReversalandV-Trigger.TheV-Systemis different for every character. TheV-Skillis a unique move, that performs an action unique for every character, for landing it you get meter for your [i[V-Gauge[/i], it can be used whenever you want. TheV-Reversalis a get-away move that can help you to get out from a pressure, therefore saving you a life, unlikeV-Skillit can't be used while inV-Triggerand requires a 1 bar of V-Gauge to be performed, it's unique to every character but it either has a function of hitting back your opponent or just escaping to the other side. Finally, theV-Trigger, it gives you various buffs to your moves, or gives you an entirely new moves to score a comeback, you need to have a full bar ofV-Gaugeto activate it and you can't useV-Reversalwhile using it. You now also haveCrush Counters, which are exactly the same as regularcounter attacksbut do much more hit stun, allowing to do more damaging combos.I like the whole system a lot, it gives characters much more variety for their gameplan and combos. The gameplay feels more likeThird Strikewith a bit ofAlpha seriesinfluence.Compared to SF4 or any other SF game - this game is the easiest to learn for a newcomer player, but it's still very hard to master it. If you were a SF4 player then you will have to re-learn the game, it's not played like 4, not even slightest. But if you were a SF3 player you will find this game much easier to pick up since it plays kinda similiar to TS.SF5 mostly values neutral and offensive game, it rewards being good at mindgames and punishes for being too nervous and throwing out random stuff, as you can easily get a Crush counter in your face and lose more than 35% of your life in one combo. The focus on offensive and neutral game doesn't mean zoning and defensive gameplan are not working, they are still very strong if you play Dhalsim or Guile. There are Trials and Demonstrations modes that can help you to level up your game.Every character is viable in this game, it only depends on your skill and the time these characters require to learn them.So overall, i like the gameplay a lot, it's very addictive and fun, and in my opinion it's one of the best and fun gameplay present in fighting games, so i give it a10.0\10.0score.GRAPHICS, CHARACTER AND VISUAL DESIGNThe graphics would be dissapointing for those who await a""next-gen graphics""in every game that comes out in 2016. They are not the greatest, but not the worst either. There are various model clipping bugs and a lot of problems like no shadows on objects and random people on stages and not good level of texture quality. These things might not be important for you if you just want the gameplay in your fighting game. Shaders and visual effects actually look very good, Overall the graphics are ok and i actually prefer them as they are, even though there are some things that need to be improved.The visual design in this game is ok as well, there are been a lot of complaints about character's faces (look up Ken face memes) and lack of interactables on every stage except Bustling Side Street. I pretty much agree with all those complaints and that's one of the game's big problems. But despite the lack of interactables and poor modelling i like the overall design of old characters and newcomers, the new characters look very good and have a different personalities unique to them. One of these newcomers even became my most favorite character in fighting games, the number 2, nihehehe...Overall. the graphics and design are nice, so i give it a7.5\10.0score.MULTIPLAYER AND ONLINE FEATURESOh boy, here we are, the thing that SF5 suffered from the most. The horrible servers and poor matchmaking, disconnects, poor ragequitting handling, poor cheaters and bots handling, leaderboards full of frauds who found a way to cheat the game, battle lounge problems and many other things you'll see in SF5's online experience. i have nothing much to say about it, outside of just calling it terrible and moving along.But thanks god, it works as it supposed for me most of the time, this issue is very variable from player to player so that's the reason i won't give it a 1 or 0 score.Just be aware of that when you buy this game, if online will be working terrible for you - request a refund ASAP.I give it a2.5\10.0score.SOUNDS, SOUNDTRACK AND VOICE ACTINGWell, i must admit, this game has one of the best sound design ever in SF series, the music is brilliant (RASHIDOOO), hit sounds really makes you feel the punches, voice acting is very good (especially Japanese voices), it's a big step up from previous SF games and i just love the FANG theme <3You have a different music genres for each character, you have a orchestra perfomance for Ryu, rock for Ken, electro for Cammy and etc. This variety really shows the personality of each character.All the music was done by different artists and composers, making the soundtrack more unique.Overall i really like the sound design, even though there are some flaws. I give it a9.5\10.0score.TECHNICAL PROBLEMS AND DEV SUPPORTThis game has a lot of technical problems, such as no Dinput support and crashes for Wacom tablet users, The game has no proper keyboard support, so you can only map your controls to GHJKBNM< buttons.SF5 will be supported by Capcom for the following 6-7 years, with a lot of DLC characters and free expansions coming out each 1-2 months, however the developers gave no kcuf about what community complained until this month, they promised to have a better feedback with players and they are rolling out story expansion this year with a lot of content.The reason this game was so rushed and ended up not having many functions and content is theCapcom Pro Tour, it's a big ranking event hosted by Capcom, you can find out more about it onCPT official website.FINAL THOUGHTSYou will love this game if you are a hardcore fighting game player, but you should be aware of all the problems this game has. SF5 doesn't have much to offer for casual players and for those who only play single-player. If you want to get into fighting games - this is the game you should start from, but not until all the problems get fixed. But i'm sure ain't dropping this game for the next 5-6 years.Overall, i give this game a8.0\10.0, it's very fun to play, but it has it's flaws.P.S:This is my first big review, leave your suggestions in the comments on what i should improve in my writing.P.S.S:English is not my native language, so don't judge the grammar :P"
,Not Recommended,310950,21246983,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Etherian,"I like the fact that the game starts. It has some nice music. Can't speak to gameplay though, because I can't get into a match and even if I could, neither my controller or keyboard work.Edit: Servers are now partially functional, more than 24 hours later. Battle Lounges still disconnect after a very short amount of time - I was able to play one match with a friend before it shot us back to the main menu.Keyboards are still unmappable, PS3/4 or any other controller using Dinput still don't work.As such I still can't recommend the game in this state. Wait until mid to late March when the first patch drops."
,Not Recommended,310950,28500089,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,epilis,"TL;DR - The core game is okay, but the price for everything so far as well as for the future is just not worth it to me.I've spent $94.99 up to this point because I pre-ordered to take part in the beta testing (which was mostly a tease or a failure) and then bought the Season 1 pass ($30). I also bought the sky stage which was $4.99. If you want to have access to the characters and learn while everyone else is learning, you have to buy it when it's first out. If you wait for a sale, you'll be behind the majority and also there's really not much tech left to discover.The Season 1 pass is not even a true Season pass. It's a character pass. At least they're calling the 2nd one a Character pass. The transactions for costumes and stages in this game just add up too much out of pocket. The CPT DLC was okay since it actually had a purpose besides just being DLC. But the CPT costumes were PS4 only.""Season 1 pass"" is now $10 less than before, but anyone who buys it now missed out using them the last 10 months. The game hasn't even been out for a year and it's just transaction after transaction. Sure, you don't have to buy everything, but if you only want all the characters in the game, you'll now have to shell out $110 instead of $120.There are some features that are okay.-I did enjoy the Cinematic Story, at least. I have no preference for an arcade mode. Each character has their own mini story and you can just do VS CPU and manually choose who you want to fight next.-""Daily"" challenges (new ones every 5 or so days) for fight money.(back to the bad stuff, I guess)-To deter modders, an update contained a .sys file in your Windows folder that made every PC owner subjective to being compromised. When they released an update that didn't need it anymore, you had to remove the file yourself (and you have to do it a certain way since Windows won't let you just plain delete it).-6.4-ish frames of delay isn't too bad. We shouldn't really have to deal with all the factors of lag for it being 2016.-They nerfed AA jabs to the point where it trades. I'm still 50/50 on this.-Only version for console is PS4, but PS3/PS4 sticks didn't naturally work until Season 2. Only Xinput and the game's not even on XB1.-At least they have badges now so you can see who's been branded as a rage quitter in Ranked.-How many seasons are they planning? 2020? So that's at least 4 more seasons that'll be $30 each brand new. $180 over the course of 4 years just for the characters passes (if they only stick with one per season for every year until 2020)I wish Capcom good luck with this game, but I'm just not going to shell out any more money for it. I'll put it on the back burner and stick with other games to be more serious with. It's left me feeling unpleasant."
,Not Recommended,310950,25652797,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,n1ch,"nice malware, capcom"
,Not Recommended,310950,25652554,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,keiner,"kernel fighter 5update: the so called ""security update"" has been removed. But i wont remove this.NEVER FORGET."
76561198057981817,Not Recommended,310950,23151314,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,NaCl| Salt-Li,"Alright lets face it.. Street Fighter V.. A Good game or Bad? Thats honestly how you find it..The Good of the game-- Its easy to pick up and learn- Characters you remember from past games, along with some new- Classic feel at BASE level of other street fighter games- Music is actually good-Stages look nice, and have a good feel to them- Classic 1v1 Street Fighter-Decent tutorials for the game itself, and each characterThe Inbetweens-Cross play while nice, causes problems as well- Both good and bad that you dont have an easy way to talk to someone. Really good so you dont hear stuff you dont want, but really bad when trying to find people, or ask questions.- Its not USFIV (I personally loved Super SFIV.. and AE and ultra kinda were eh to me..)- ""Free DLC Characters"" Not really free... but you can get with in game currency.. Wouldn't be too bad, but it seems to become hard to get more Fight money once you beat the few things you can do offline.. So.. have fun trying to play online to get themThe Bads of the game-Very Bare bone fighting game, especially for the price. I know DLC is coming to add story mode and such but still- No Arcade mode?- This is personal but.. I feel the game is wayyy to offensive of a fighter.. Even characters like Dhalsim, and Guile who are known as your defensive characters from games past, seem to have better skills suited for offensive gameplay style.- No true vs CPU mode- Granted you can do this in training mode- Automatic picking of your character in ranked matches.. Come on really? What if my favorite character is Chun Li, but I was trying out guile and wanted to play him in ranked.. I have to make sure to switch my favorite character? Why?- Friends list is pretty bad, along with trying to find games with them, I know this isnt steam or capcoms  fault at all, but SFIV felt so much better at this..- Roll back... DEAR GOD ROLL BACK.. Ive had this problem since the betas.. Again.. you have a fine example of how to do it, with Skullgirls.. and let us set network delays and show us pings.. but no.. Capcom loves its bar system.- Rematch in ranked? Seems nice right.. Well.. it auto gives you the same character again.. And its not an automatic best 2/3.. If you give someone a rematch in rank after beating them.. and they win.. They dont have to play the tie breaker if they dont want to.- This might just be me but visual looks of attacks.. I know everyone is on and on about ""frame data"" now, but some of these moves.. look unsafe as hell but are not, while others look safe and are not.. Chun Lis EX Legs being -2 (Mostly safe in the way this game works) is fine and all, but my god does it look like the move is punishable as hellLook, if you love Street Fighter you most likely already bought this game. For what its worth, sure its an ok fighter, if you already enjoy other Street Fighters.. Overall though I would not recommend this game.. I may love Street Fighter, but I honestly can say I do not find SFV fun.."
76561198004741794,Not Recommended,310950,21266899,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,DumpsterMax,"This game doesn't come with a proper story mode, or challenge mode..This would be fine except the online doesn't work at all, leaving me sitting here in training mode all alone like a loser wondering where my $60 dollars went.I knew I shouldn't have been swindled by Capcom again, but I had high hopes. Next time they are only releasing 30% of a game I'll keep my money."
,Not Recommended,310950,29752563,Posted: 6 February,all,last man standing,"SFV is actually a really fun game but it's also an overpriced Early Access game with many problems that sells it's missing content as overpriced DLC. If you really like Fighting Games go and buy it, just don't buy it at full price, buy it for 20 bucks or something."
,Not Recommended,310950,21269377,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ZOM3DTOM,belongs in early access
,Not Recommended,310950,21246631,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,FirewallCMD,"Honestly, If I could go back in time, I probably would not spend 60 dollars out the gate for what essentially feels like a demo."
76561198069880673,Not Recommended,310950,21289582,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Demothises,"----Updated Review-----Well it's been almost a year and I still can't recomend this heaping pile, my resons have changed but my opinion has not.Capcom has some solid points with SFV, but for everything this game does right, it hoses itself in other areas. The servers are stable at this point and the net code is solid. As I said in the orginal review below, I like where they have moved mechanics, but SFV is a travisty on the franchise that focuses on the online content and tosses what made Street Fighter great to begin with, I still say the frachices hit it's apex with SFA3. SF4 wasn't a bad game, the net code was bad and the ultimate combos ruined the balance but everything else about it was on the money. Speaking of money, capcoms price gouging of thies game, the in game transactions or the over prriced season passes have just killed the franchise for me. If this is the direction Capcom wants to take my beloved franchise, stop the train, I am off for good, I know I don't speak for everyone here and I am not trying to, but if you feel the same way I do, I would recoment moving to Guilty Gear Xrd Revelator, it is a modern fighting game that honors it's roots.-----Orifinal Review------For starters, I have been a long time player of street fighter, 24 years or so. My review will change when they actually release the game, in it's current state its an early access and a shiny polished turd, is still a piece of crap. There is no reason this game should be advertised as a full release when it is not, I don't know if it was because of presure from investors like sony to have it out at this date, but Capcom you done screwed up.That mess out of the way, I will say from the games engine, the fighting mechanics I do really like where they are taking it, it feels like a step back to older street fighter and playing more on skill rather then a well timed ultra-combo. Changes to the characters are refreshing, my 2 favorite characters Vega and Ken have changed in ways I actually like and when this game is fully up and running I feel it has great potential.I am past the point for the steam refund policy and I probobly wouldn't because I do support some early access and I would just get it after it was fxed anyways, but I can't fault those who want to send capcom a message for this, if they had pushed back release date  and opened it for early access I would be less♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but this is not a full release quality game, and this isn't the 1st time Capcom has pulled BS with things like on disc DLC to site one example. Look Capcom, you are getting to a place where you can't screw up like this without taking your company down, for your sake I really hope this gets squared away. For the time being I am going to have to down vote, when the game meets the following I would say I could recommend it.1. Fix your servers, while some issue on this front are understandable, what we have here is not.2. Proper Controler bindings, I don't play with keyboard but I have heard a number of gripes and I have to say, the fact it dosen't recognize all my XBOX 360 controler inputs like L3 and R3, coincodently also available on PS$ controllers, should be mappable.3. Display optimization, I have finally got it to a point where it is palletable with 60 frames and I am not the only one seeing this, now I don't have the worlds best video card, but I can run some serious games with out this much issue and I have seen a number of posts complaining about this so I know it's not just me.4. Get a proper single player experience going, where the heck is the traditional arcade mode, with your servers dropping like crazy, this would at least satisfy some players, your story mode while nice so I can get the story is a cake walk. Not saying we need this to be difficult, it's nice getting the story especially for characters we are not good at but this is not a substitute for a real arcade mode, you know the thing that has been there since SF2 World Warrior. And you cant count survival, you loose one time and you have to start over with the sorry starting AI, you can't get a consitant challenge from the PC making it hard to improve your skills unless you are playing people, oh yea, the servers are still dropping like crazy.5. Challenge mode, seriously, not available until march?Capcom, get your heads out of your rear ends. You hold the rights to some of my favorite franchises and thats why this stuff pisses me off so much with you, I want to see you succeed, quit screwing up."
,Not Recommended,310950,30822346,Posted: 29 March,all,#Leftbehind,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing travesty. Horrible launch, gameplay, interface, and HORRIBLE netcode. I tried to give this game a chance and after a year this game is still a complete mess and the gameplay hasn't improved much. Also thanks for the rootkit capcom, real nice. And to top this shitcake off, now after the latest patch, the game can't even launch; uninstalled. You are better off playing a better fighting game such as Killer Instinct,  Guilty Gear, Tekken,  or King of Fighters, all of which have way more features than this crap.Or just play 3rd strike on fightcade, its a good game."
76561198116262352,Not Recommended,310950,31708460,Posted: 12 May,all,Deathjester,"The whole game is locked behing a paywall, feels more like playing a demo game that costs money, and everything costs real money.Sure you can get the ingame ""fight money"" but grinding it can be a real chore, and everything costs a ludicrous amount of fight money.Capcom is getting really greedy, and this game feels more like one of those free to play cellphone games, except that this game costs money.I really loved the older Street fighters but this is giving me a bad aftertaste, i would avoid this game.tldr: Capcom is greedy and this game is like free2play game that costs money.Screw you capcom!REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"
,Not Recommended,310950,21247476,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,eggherd,"Very bad on launch. Seems poorly optimized as of right now. Not showing extreme amounts of usage but still chugging and stuttering at times. When it runs well though every thing seems smooth. Servers are spotty as of right now at best. They spend a lot on ads but might be better off putting that into servers. Another incomplete title at launch.Willing to change my review whenever they drop the ""Thanks for not pirating"" patch.I never like having to use joy 2 key. Especially when a game doesn't provide any apparent way to view keyboard commands."
76561198022916162,Recommended,310950,25856228,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ҒeϮοг,"Most of the negative aspects (=lack of content) of the game have been eliminated, a vast amount negative reviews is due to a grudge towards capcom for providing an unfinished game for full price, or simply outdated. I feel like a LOT of people are so contemptuous they cannot see the improvement happening and/or play it down. Since the last patch (even earlier I'd say) the game is worth it's money and great fun, don't let them fool you! Arcade mode is really the only thing missing on the content list, there is more than enough to do. And fighting games are built around multiplayer anyways.And the rootkit: We must not forget, but now it's in the past. If you haven't had the game yet, consider yourself lucky you didn't have to deal with that. However, they reacted quickly and it's safe now. No one in their right minds would try anything like that again. Get the game on PS4 if you have one and feel unsafe.Verdict: Very good game that has suffered a great deal from atrocious marketing decisions and a fed up community. Hopefully it will go upwards from here, because that is what the game deserves imho."
76561197995896481,Not Recommended,310950,23175670,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Mean Teddies,This game needed another year of work for polish and quality control.
,Not Recommended,310950,31720326,Posted: 13 May,all,Opotable,"Pro :- Street FighterCon :- Netcode is utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t- Even without waiting for new opponents you're stuck inside ♥♥♥♥ing wait/fake loadscreen for ~30% of your playtime- You can't try the new characters in training... you HAVE to buy them for 100 000 FM (virtual money)- You earn ~50 FM per match- You don't earn any FM if you looseSo Street Fighter has become a pay2win grinding machine BUT you still play on a Peer 2 Peer system, no servers.They want to be Ubisoft so bad (check Rainbow Six Siege)."
,Not Recommended,310950,21351170,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,jesus christ pose,"$60 for an uncompleted game, terrible netcode, and unstable servers."
76561197996695376,Not Recommended,310950,21291415,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Esau,If I'd known I was buying an Early Access game I'd have saved my money.
,Not Recommended,310950,21351800,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ATLShogun,"Capcom releases a new Street Fighter every 8-10 years. While the gameplay is good, you mean to tell me that in the 8 years since SFIV was launched the only thing Capcom could put together was 1v1 with 16 characters and a training mode? There are software developers that release AAA titles every year with much more functionality - BF, COD, on and on. The game is maybe 40% done at most. CVS2 for xbox in 2003 had wayyy more features... in 2003. Im not letting♥♥♥♥♥♥slide. If you let someone rip you off they'll just keep doing it over and over.﻿"
76561198041030677,Not Recommended,310950,21378731,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kd320,"If you have a controller that only uses DirectInput, do not buy this game. The controller will not work.Apparently that will be added later, much like the rest of the game will be."
,Not Recommended,310950,21347450,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Tyler Ricky,It's a shame and disrespect for buyers to have released the game in this state. It is at the limit of the scam.C'est une honte et un manque de respect pour les acheteurs d'avoir sorti le jeu dans cet état. On est à la limite de l'escroquerie.
76561198002111109,Not Recommended,310950,21261696,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Simzima,"People have every right to complain, so I'll just enforce my right to do so.1: Not everyone is/was aware that this game would lack features, I for one knew that there would be periodic releases of characters which is fine, what I didn't know is that there would be no arcade mode, trials mode, etc. EXCUSE ME FOR NOT FOLLOWING CAPCOMS TWIITER OR LIVING ON REDDIT 24/7 LOL! These are simple things that are to be expected in a game like this, don't kid yourselves.2: Lack of controller support, my fightstick works perfectly in Street fighter 4 - A GAME THAT IS MORE THAN 7 YEARS OLD, LOL!? - Lazy.3: No options to change menu language unless I change the language of my OS - Lazy.4: Net..OK it just came out, I'm not going to complain about the lack of net features at the moment because it was to be expected, just hope they can fix it soon.5: Not every body gives a damn about Capcoms pro tour and their hastiness to release an unfinished game just to cater to the minority, I love Street fighter tournaments but I'll be damned if you start to prioritize your need to becomee-sports and cater to pro players over players like me and the rest of the fighting game community,6: I'm sure it will be much much better at a later date, but I can't help but feel bitter and disappointed right now."
,Not Recommended,310950,29975763,Posted: 16 February,all,non0,"A year from release this game is still has obnoxiously long load times, awful netcode and a hundred other issues I'm not going to detail.  Capcom has yet to acknowledge the many many issues.  Don't expect it to get any better."
76561198041963394,Not Recommended,310950,23142093,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Louis de Saint-Just,"Pros: Great graphics and well-balanced, intuitive gameplay.Cons: Rife with errors, bugs, disconnects. In no universe should this game cost sixty dollars. Due to a lack of content, it should, at most, be worth 35, and I think that's being generous. I'm a massive fan of fighting games, and I was hoping to see our community and the fighting game market grow due to the potential success of this game. It is evident now that this will not happen, due to Capcom essentially fumbling with the FGC's most anticipated release since vanilla SF4 (also having a projected sales goal of selling 2 million copies and obtaining only 1.4 marks this as a financial failure, your potential purchase aside.)If you're uncertain and want to try this game, I would suggest waiting a long, long time. Capcom simply cannot deliver currently. Sadness becomes me. *sigh*"
,Not Recommended,310950,21359976,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,AFoolProofPlan,"The most expensive early access game on Steam.Might be better off waiting for the Ultra Street Fighter V Apology Edition 2018 2.0 patch.Yes, they need this♥♥♥♥♥♥to be out before Capcom Pro-tour and EVO, but for ♥♥♥♥ sakes, make it stable at least.Until they fix the netcode, training and practicing will be boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥unplayable, and until they add in the full story mode and a good fleshed out challenege mode, this game won't offer anything to anyone, Online Warriors or Single Player Casuals.Online matches are hard to find and even the so called ""5 bar"" connections aren't always a guarentee.Even the goddamn Survival mode, a single player experience, doesn't ♥♥♥♥in' work. I've been kicked back to menu screen bunch of times half way through the mode because I've been disconnected from the server.WIth all the load time and time it takes to clear a stage, if a stage takes 1 min to clear means I gotta blow at least 30 mins to finish just the normal mode and I'll be ♥♥♥♥ed if I have to do that♥♥♥♥♥♥again if I get disconnected at stage 28.Not to mention the brain dead AI in the ""Story Mode"" with it's all 2~4 fights of glory.So, either wait till they fix this mess of a game and start late, or reward Capcom for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ practice by buying an unfinished game.It's like we're getting chipped out on our magic pixel, even though they removed being chipped to death..."
,Not Recommended,310950,21291927,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Swissy™天,"Too early, too early, too early.Also, my main beef is with the very limited online fight and friend management.You can follow players but but good luck challenging them.Also, you have NO option to choose your character at the start of the match, you need to pre-select your main character.I'll let that sink in.Additionally, Street Fighter V lacks the following content normally found in a Street Fighter game:Classic Story Mode (currently 3 to 4 fights per character, best out of 1)CPU Vs. ModeStandard Arcade ModeNo Unlockable GalleryChallenge ModeSpectator Mode"
,Not Recommended,310950,25264239,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,iconoclast,"Update 14.03.2017- Laggy Online- Sh*t Singleplayer ( Survival-Mode is medically proven to give you herpes, don't even get me started on Story-Mode)- Menus are FUC*ING SH*T- No quality of life features AT ALL- This is STILL an early access game- The fighting itself is fuc*ing boring (boring mechanics, no fun combos)- They only release 1 boring DLC character every 2-4 months, it seems like they don't care about all the other sh*t parts of the game.- Don't have the Season Pass? It will take you hundreds of hours before you'll be able to buy another character when your ingame currency is depleted.- Lobbies STILL don't work- Rootkit- Loading times from hell, even on high end systems. Play another fighter and compare before you go full CapCuck.- Weekly challenges that will take you at most an hourLet's be honest. They pushed the game out like a turd, and we are the toilet.There's no money / effort / love in this game and it will take at least another 1-2 years until it's out of early access. By saying this I will get left behind, but Tekken 7 is around the corner and Killer Instinct / Guilty Gear are WAY better alternatives right now.I'd love to love the game as I've loved SF4, but I just can't forgive Capcom for what they've done.The only good aspect of the game is its ability to be a source of dank hate-memes."
76561198004397633,Not Recommended,310950,21267276,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,how,"At a whopping $80 where i live:Game feels incomplete. Does not have enough content to support the hours of gameplay a $80 game should have.While some of the character models look great and refreshing, animations might looks stiff and snappy sometimes especially during scene transitions - such as in story mode.Story mode is sorely lacking - finished story for all the characters in less than 1 hour. Ugly art is being used to convey story elements. The 2D drawings look juvenile and rushed.Not enough characters and nothing new to unlock after playing through.No options to play offline/single player.I would not recommend this game if it's at the current price. Whether its worth the money will still be questionable even if it is half the current price, given Capcom intends to sell future DLCs on top of its already steep release date price."
,Not Recommended,310950,21351677,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Rocha9999,Beta Fighter 5. Avoid.
76561198044522566,Not Recommended,310950,27722830,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KaizokuNinja,"I really wanted to like this game.  I really wanted to enjoy it.  I am not a hardcore player though and so this game is basically unplayable.  You either have to be an expert or enjoy being beat to a pulp by experts.  With no enjoyment of the online options for play I had to call this game lost...the only other options were to play survival...fighting the same 10 oponents in the same order...on the same stages.  Capcom provides no casual gaming option here.  No classic arcade mode.  They provide no realistic way to make in game currency after the day one training is done.  They do offer a daily challenge system but it requires competitive online play often difficult for casual gamers to take advantage of.  Hardcore competitive players will like it but for a casual player there is no joy in this game...no endings to work for and a story mode that is terrible.My second problem stems from my completionist nature, I like to get it all.  So for me the DLC and cosmetic packs are an issue.  Only small portions of it can be bought with in game currency (less than 30%).  Over $350 is currently required in real money AFTER you bought the game to unlock everything.  The season pass is a joke...season passes traditionally have included all DLC released in a given year or in many cases all the DLC released period.  For Capcom the season pass doesn't include stages, costumes or ""exclusive, seasonal, promotional"" things either.  Capcom got greedy.  Next is the exclusive and time expiring content.  This is a kick in the balls for loyal fans who just can't afford $30-50 every time they release new skin packs or holiday stages.  Lastly the DLC in game distribution system means that while the game may go on sale on steam the DLC never will.Don't buy it if you are not rich, if you are a casual gamer or if you want arcade mode.  Do buy it if you are a pro-gamer and have a deep pocketed sponsor.April-2-2017 Update:  Capcom keeps lieing to the community on this game.  I recently bought several costumes to discover that a seemingly random assortment are not including all 10 colors with purchase requiring more drudgery through the god aweful survival mode to unlock them when yet others randomly seem to include the colors in the purchase price.  Secondly they had been promising daily missions to earn fight money since the season two update.  Currently we are at best getting 3 mission updates a week and as few as 1 some weeks.  It has now also been announced that Capcom's promise that all future DLC will be for both platforms was a lie as more PS4 exclusive content is being leaked.May-25-2017 Update:  Capcom falsly advertised the CPT2017 DLC as containing ""daily"" missions for those that bought it.  They anounced today that in point of fact they will be ""monthly"" missions.  They are incapable of telling the truth.  Don't buy from Capcom."
,Not Recommended,310950,34251730,Posted: 15 August,all,BetterBryan,This game lacks 50% of what the fighting game genre is about. Please play another game.
,Not Recommended,310950,32141840,Posted: 2 June,all,Sunny Day,"Go play Tekken 7 or Guilty Gear Xrd REV 2. I prefer Tekken 7, but both games are actually great, unlike this. I'm happy to finally be #LeftBehind"
,Not Recommended,310950,21291558,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Chrishumnoi,"It makes my heart heavy to admit that this game would be everything to me if only it was finished. You're paying $60 to play an early access. This is not a full game, it's a rip-off and I can not support it. This needs to change."
,Not Recommended,310950,30043320,Posted: 19 February,all,Black Leg,"An extremely barebones fighter with overpriced DLC. Online is fun, as expected, and the gameplay is fluid overall. Unfortunately not much fan can be had outside of the online mode.  I would only recommend this game for $30 and under for street fighter fans."
,Not Recommended,310950,21377970,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Strik425,"Pros:Even though it is bare-bones right now, the fighting is a ton of fun. If you like to play people online like I do, I think you will have a good time.Combos are easier than in SF4 and it works out nicely because you are able to get into the mind games of one on one fights much quicker without that technique barrier holding you back. The gameplay feels great. Everything about the ACTUAL game seems to be great.The features that are missing will be added someday.Cons:The features will be added someday, meaning they are not here now.The game feels unfinished already and with survival mode being the only viable 1 player option right now, it's even worse because survival mode sucks.If they fix the complete waste of time that is survival mode I would reccomend this game. It being hard is not my complaint. It is that it wastes your time.Example: In normal survival mode, fights 1-25 are easy, but you hit 25-30 and the difficulty ramps up hugely. So fights 1-25 just feel like a waste of time. If you lose on fight 29, you have to start all over again because its survival. Seriously, balance out the difficulty. I shouldn't be able to win fights 1-25 with crouching heavy kick. Then lose in some fight between 25-30 because the computer suddenly blocks, counters, punishes, and combos. It is the most jarring and frustrating part of survival mode.Not to mention the fact that you have to be connected to the server while playing it or it doesn't count. Imagine getting to level 48 in hard survival mode, and disconnecting from the server. That is a lot of time wasted."
,Not Recommended,310950,29891323,Posted: 12 February,all,Zeruel,"So, Capcom is attempting to follow the poor design of the MoBA market. It's completely unbecoming for this franchise to withhold characters behind the paywall. I couldn't imagine going to the Arcade paying the machine to play, and adding more tokens to just to pick a vanilla character like boxer. And speaking of fight money, the values need to be inflated in someway – I'm sure you could spam story mode to attain an adequate amount? I haven't actually tested that out if someone in the comments could confirm. My favorite part is most items require you to pay out of pocket, or rather through the steam wallet. This much I'm thankful for, I'll never add money to the steam wallet, its an extra step so its a deterrent to the purchase.I covered that fight money is difficult to accumulate, and characters are needless micro-transactions. How is Capcom going to maintain the competitive nature when most players who only purchase with fight money ( cause ♥♥♥♥ you capcom ) going to practice against dlc characters? We can't even choose them in Training mode to learn against setups and develop theories, you know, the whole reason for playing the game. Nor can we play test the content to see if we like the feel or direction of these characters. Wouldn't it be nice to be able to select the dlc characters in training mode only at the very least? ( either way they shouldn't cost a thing ) Unless we are given a bone like Alex, who they've killed along with other needless nerfs for season 2.I'd be interested to see how much they've made on this marketing strategy, which only the pro circuit players feel the sting most needing to be on the edge of the character technology. We all play to learn and develop new skills, of course have a good time. We aren't playing this game to idle by and purchase a stage that had the Environment light dimmed to be a “night theme” stage. Legit less than 10 seconds worth of work to adjust the Point light in the Unreal 4 Engine. I hope that the majority of those who got -- got like myself purchasing this title aren't buying these vanity items. Although not buying these items probably wouldn't harm capcom... but it should make them look and feel foolish.How can a community develop when most of the content is inaccessible? Whats the point of locking away all the hard work the put into the character designs? Why did they kill the already average or weaker characters? Let characters be strong, all characters should function like as Urien and Karin. Up the functionality for all toons to meet the juggle standards and meta game that Guile seems to be built around. Otherwise howdoyou want the Fang/Charlie players to perform when you take the tools they thought you were acceptable from the season prior? Should we purchase better frame data with our steam wallet funds? I don't mean to be crass, but there isn't much for the development of a unique cast when they are simply lacking comparatively speaking.It would seem that capcom lost their ability to design, for example: Enter training mode set up fight requests for ranked and player matches right? So, I invite a buddy who is in training mode, he needs to exit and go to the notification log to accept. That's hardly e-sports. How about getting the little request notification in the bottom left to meant something more, like holding start and select to toggle that window and accept from there? It's minor but all of these issues are minor and collectively ruins the experience of the street fighter franchise.Edit: Can you play dlc characters when the servers are offline? I haven't spent enough time playing juri ( my only fight money purchase ) to have taken note on this matter.Edit 2: Too my suprise you can actually use the character you purchased while the servers are offline.Uninstalled - The divide will continue to grow until the fight money is increase and prices are lower for characters. Being unable to train against new designs and setups is the point of the sf series."
,Not Recommended,310950,21244419,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Makin,"The game is broken in its current state and I can't recommend it. Lobbies don't work, the server crashes every 30 minutes and ranked is laggy. I'll change my review if they change their game."
,Not Recommended,310950,21351462,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,alvinsatney,"I think this is my first steam review. can't remember doing another. gameplay - Great. graphics - great, online-play great. getting to online play (even without the launch week server issues) good luck. you have a better chance of aligning all the stars in the universe first (ok hyperbolic) but you cannot tell me. that to challenge my buddy whi lives a few miles away, i should take my pc and head over to his place instead. even if i add him to my favourites list. This oversight, plus the Post launch connectivity nightmares, after milking Streetfighter 4 for years and making millions, i should not be beta testing your game for you again. this is my last streetfighter. I'm getting to old for this."
,Not Recommended,310950,21348078,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,yminor,All we r forced to Survive till unlock Decent product version.Its Just ONE COLOR of ONE CHARACTER I gained after 10  bouts soHow many CPUs we have to beat down?Its not a time of retribution.
76561198126888357,Not Recommended,310950,22502801,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Paradox1680,"No arcadeNo direct input supportNo keybindingReally bad story modeReally bad way to unlock colorsHuge grind to earn fight money once story and survival are doneKen's face looks horrendous, alex looks pretty bad, ugly/uninspired alt costumes, some of the animations are also very bad (subjective I know but a lot of people are on the same page)Too many bad/missing things from a game perspective to be worth as much as it is.Not as fun as it should be, sad as I was looking forward to this game. Capcom was talking about it all the time before release, now it's just crickets you hear."
76561197961763886,Not Recommended,310950,33862997,Posted: 28 July,all,Mertz de Nekodamus,Where is the Linux/Steam OS support that was promised a year ago????
,Not Recommended,310950,34365355,Posted: 19 August,all,SKVR -KrystalChan,"Look while others are against this game for not being as good as past SF games I can put that aside. Yes Capcom wanted a different flow to the game, better or worse. I think the V-Triggers and Skills are kinda fun as a little character gimic, but the game is nice and methodical with a slower pace, which as I played GG Xrd and Skullgirls is a nice flavor and change of pace.My No recommendation comes from something else however, how♥♥♥♥♥♥the PC version is. On booting the game for the first time, you will be greeted with the ToS for SFV. There are no button prompts on the screen. After you finally guess the right key to move forward your dropped into a tutorial that shows Xbox button prompts even if no keyboard is connected. THERE ARE NO KEY PROMPTS IN THIS GAME AT ALL. All the menus and even rebinding show as Xbox buttons. Whats even worse is that you can't change where these buttons are located on your keyboard. Hope you like WASD/Arrows and GHJKBNM, for your binds. Yes I play with a keyboard because i love the feeling of it. But when I need to use a 3rd party program to EDIT my KEY BINDS you ♥♥♥♥ed up on all levels along with playing a guessing game of what does what in menus due to Xbox prompts.And the worst part is, SFV Is an UNREAL ENGINE 4 GAME, which means NONE OF THE ISSUES SHOULD EVEN EXIST since the UE4 CAN EASILY SUPPORT REBINDING AND GOOD UI PROMPTS.And to anyone who says ""Oh its okay cause autohotkey can fix it"". 1 I do use it, 2 it ruins the ability to search for people by name since I can no longer use UIOJKL due to them being rebound and 3 if AHK ever runs into an issue and crashes it means im ♥♥♥♥ed for the match. Crapcom fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,310950,25275342,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Vino,"Fight money(ingame currency) is a scam. It is designed to force players to pay for the contents with real money. Buying stages, colors, titles and other cosmetics with fight money are perfectly fine but the characters too? You will only get 50 fight money for a win in online battle and one character costs 100k fight money. Survival mode and other single player content offers quite a lot of Fight money but thats only one time. You will eventually struggle to get fight money from playing online. Do not support CAPCOM for being greedy and the fact that the game is not worth 60$. This is like buying a F2P game and grinding tons of hours just to unlock 1 character. The core gameplay is good but the direction its heading is totally wrong :/ I would recommend Ultra Street Fighter IV instead. CAPCOM wants your money only and care less for the game and if this keeps up SFV will eventually die. Please save yourself from these developers and do not be a victim. Save your money and buy something better than this F2P(It really does feel like one) game."
76561197991332277,Not Recommended,310950,21266858,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,keeneo70,"Pretty dumb.  The fighting systems may have been refined and the gameplay is fun.....but in the modern era of gaming basic online tools to play with your friends shouldn't be an issue.  If I can stream asian throw up porn from my iPad to my TV but I can't connect to my friend to play a game theres something wrong.   It's hard to beleive connectivity is still an issue.  Bought the game cause I wanted to play with my buddy....sadly we can't.  Pitiful...  Pretty sure I connected with friends over 28.8k modem to play WarCraft 2 back when that was a thing.....Oh well, guess tech that's over 20 years old is still throwing Capcom for a loop.  I'm sure it will be fine in a week or 2, but that's, kinda, not the point....Ok I'm done rambling and ♥♥♥♥♥ing.  Back to playing Street Fighter 5 in Arcade Mode!...I mean Trials Mode..... I mean with my friends....Uh...I mean by myself....UPDATE AFTER FIXES---Everything works now....  choppy online matches....still not quite ""recommend"" worthy.  Save your money right now.  I still regret spending mine. I'll update again after the March update they keep pimping.04/01/2016 UPDATE!!!!!Online is still super teleport-y/laggy. Nearly unplayable lag.  Online matches are more about who has better lag management and than who is actually better.  Still regret spending 60 bucks for this.  So still a ""No."" for me.01/01/2017 UPDATE!!!!!Online still as teleporty and lag crazy as ever.  Almost a year old and a basic, smooth connectivity is still beyond what Capcom is capable of implementing. You would think it would be top on the priority list....sadly Santa costumes are more important. Tekken in a few months, I'm done with SF5...♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. How is it that SF4 has better net code and reliability that a newer game?!  Pathetic."
,Not Recommended,310950,25660489,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Bleep,Very good at installing malware.
,Not Recommended,310950,21293601,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ser Howard,"2/24/16: Edited for more legitimacy and less memelorditude+The fighting system is great.  Much more accessible than IV.+DLC that can be purchased with either in-game currency or real-type money (soon)+Looks dang beautiful+Online play works (much better than it did at launch.  Not one server problem for me in days)-Only support for XInput or keyboard, which the new SFV-themed Fightsticks are not (Use something like X360CE or Joy2key if using a PS3/PS4 fightstick)-Severe lack of single-player options (Arcade mode, Vs. CPU, etc); not worth $60 (yet)-Has story mode, but it not very in-depth.  Feels more like a build-up to the upcoming cinematic story.-Takes a little while to find an opponent in matchmaking (or maybe I'm just impatient)The gameplay is good, but the overall game is severely lacking in substance.  Features that have been a staple of fighting games are absent.  Capcom has stated that such features will be available in March, but these features are what most people would expect to be available at launch.  I personally like the game, but I'm sure most people want more of a single-player experience than this game has to offer."
76561198194305035,Not Recommended,310950,21246616,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,-=NOG.the.DOG=- br,"Feels like a early acess gameI'm a Casual Player.. i like to come home, play a few fights e see the character ending.The history mode will launch only in june? And the servers are not even connecting?Not a basic arcade mode? I cannot even set a 3 round fight against the cpu!At least is running 60fps on a gtx 970Not recommend at this point.."
,Not Recommended,310950,33710177,Posted: 21 July,all,[WPC] Webley,I bought it and it was the first game I ever refunded. I usually keep the♥♥♥♥♥♥games I buy but not this one. My memories are with SF2 and SF2 Turbo. I went and picked up SF4 and its everything I was looking for. Plenty of content
,Not Recommended,310950,22593451,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,My3tical,"I'm a big Street Fighter fan and I really wanted to be able to recommend this game but.. I can't. I don't do reviews so this is probably poorly done but as it's a game I know about I felt I could put down some informed opinions. If you want a brief summary, scroll down to the conclusion.Capcoms attempt to open the game to everyone has neglected the people who want depth in a game. If you're a die hard fan of the classic street fighter where basic is basic then sure this might be the game for you but if you want a game that's evolved and developed depth, you're better off waiting to see where they take this game or look somewhere else.First off, the game is multiplayer. That's it, if you enjoy playing randoms or have other friends playing this then you won't mind. If you enjoy a nice little single player mode to waste some time like me, then you'll be disappointed. The single player is rushed and poorly done. Clearly a last minute thought.Then saying that... It really feels like the netcode was a last minute idea (I'm not a pro in anyway about this subject). I would enjoy a more smooth online game play but whoever thought the netcode they've used was a good idea needs to rethink what gamers want in online quality.If I had to choose between the small input delay of the USF4 online and the teleporting in SFV online play. I would choose a more polished USF4 online. Maybe I wouldn't care so much if it happened to both players and if it was temporary but its not. It mostly happens to the player who's defending... I don't need to explain why that's bad. Then once it starts, it doesn't stop it's there the entire match switching between whoever is defending.Onto the characters, these have good and bad points. I do love some of the character designs and I love the new characters that have been introduced. I thought it was a great idea to have characters that have clearly aged or changed in appearance and they've tested the water with a few but left the default Ryu and a few others the same as they were back when SF started, hopefully this can be changed with new outfits or better yet, mods.The characters playstyles are also a good idea (there is also a bad point to this in a moment), each character has their own unique way to fight, despite aggressive playstyles being rewarded more than others you do feel a difference and I like this.The problem I have with the characters is their move/combo sets.. There is no depth, when I go to play Bison who's been my main, I already know it's going to be HK spam until I've broken the defence because that is literally his safest and only worthwhile move. Yes, against higher level players I can't just spam it I have to adapt but at the core it is just HK and that's the feeling I get with all the characters, they have one good option and one good combo.. That's it, nothing else is worth doing because it doesn't reward you for playing any different.I do play other characters like Laura or Karin, I get bored just playing one character I like to learn all their basics then learn their more damaging/tight combos but their combos are either lacking or don't do as much damage as more simple combos I do with Bison. Which is actually a good idea and something I thought they would do. If you want to accommodate newcomers without losing the technical players. then just reward the basic combos and keep the more difficult combos. It doesn't need massively long combos but give it more than 3 parts to every combo (without the use of Vtrigger, even then that just becomes 4 parts of the combo).The stages are also nicely made, the only downside to the stages which isn't a huge problem I'm probably just nitpicking but they're not all interactive. You have the one stage where you'll be knocked into another area of the stage or possibly knocked into a bus or get noodles on your head but that's it. It gives the impression that they spent 75% of their time on that one stage and then rushed the others.Another issue with this is the restaurant that you can be knocked into (The other half of the stage) Is so nicely made, it gives a different atmosphere than when you're in the streets but you rarely get to see it unless you're always being pressured in the corner which anybody will know that's not where you want to be. It would be a great idea to have it switch between starting the game in the restaurant or in the streets.To cover some points I'm seeing a lot of people make;1: SFV has had an insane amount of people register at Evo - This should be obvious and expected, if you've stripped your game down so much to accommodate people who aren't the most skilled at fighters then why wouldn't they all want to compete for that big prize? Having depth to a game up to this point never stopped new people competing and breaking into the spotlight, Capcom shouldn't have felt the need to take such a different direction at the least they could have incorporated a way to accommodate newcomers into the evolved Street Fighter we've become so used to.2: SFV still has depth with the Vtrigger/Vskill - You would think so but for an example, look at Biffotasty/Desks videos. Watch his SF4 videos and his newer ones for SFV. The SFV videos are plain in comparison, so much so that he's got creative by editing older SF games into the videos (Which he does so well). This isn't a dig at Desk in anyway, I love his channel and his videos you can always see the amount of effort he's put into every video. His quote in a video description of his sums it up:""It's disappointing that it doesn't but since Capcom have tried with all their might to remove absolutely anything that's even slightly situational or anything that might be considered difficult to perform, it's not at all surprising.""And I'm not saying we need 100 hit combos we never did and with scaling, the longer combos in SF4 became a bit pointless. Only there to satisfy those who enjoyed the timing/technical aspect. I could give plenty of examples as to why these new simplified mechanics are a bad choice, including being able to mash combos.. Literally mash combos, I saw people in an arcade full on smacking the arcade machine and doing big combos. Then while I was practicing combos, I found that as Ryu I could do a combo, mash DP before the combo animation even comes close to ending and he would throw out the DP, seconds later. This causes problems with the whole negative edge (Will need to google it, hard to explain) aspect to inputs.3: The games still new - Ok, I can't really argue this considering SFV to date has been a glorified early access. They do still have time to fix where they went wrong but the big problem a lot of people/critics have pointed out is that this was the games ""full"" release.. The majority of reviewers and gamers might not bother coming back to the game in a years time to do another review. It would of been a smarter decision to do an open beta/early access so people (the pros) could play the game in prep for the big tournaments without the expectations of having a fully fleshed out game.Overall I really wanted to like SFV but I don't, I still have hope that they will change it's direction and because I am a big Street Fighter fan I don't regret buying the game. The characters, while really well designed (Seriously, Chun has never looked more beautiful), lack any depth to make each fight different from the last. The stages, while nicely done at first quickly fall apart (background FPS lower than the foreground FPS, only one stage being interactive). The new mechanics lack any depth for players to get creative. Then finally, the biggest problem right now. Netcode, teleporting is not an acceptable trade off for slightly reduced input delay."
76561198034591600,Not Recommended,310950,22598410,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Hit,"Disappointing. Not Worth It.Pros.*Strong Core Gameplay.*Amazing Graphics.*Sounds Good*FunNeutral*Story Mode 2-3 single round fights long, pretty bad, but updates to  improve this have been promised.*No Arcade Mode.*Survival becomes VERY boring and tedious VERY fast.*Colours for costumes are obtained by completing survival..Cons*Problems with ONLINE PLAY (which is what this game is about, unless you have friends (unlike me:'{) who will play locally.*Big Lag issues, if you're playing with anyone below connection status 5 = trouble, even with connection status 5 you will likely sometimes have issues.*Lag matches are unplayable.*Very limited choices when searching for other players, only choice is between connection status and weather you want to play vs PC or PS4 players or both.*You will be waiting a long time for an opponent, especially if you choose a higher connection status.*Random disconnects from opponents, random disconnects from server. Not very frequent but they still happen.*** FIXED = unplug tablet.*The Client will randomly just close For NO REASON. No explanation.**this was a problem when a wacom tablet was plugged in.ConclusionFor me at least, everything could be looked past as long as the online gameplay was solid. It simply is not. The updates so far have not helped at all.I waited to not give this game a bad review, I wanted to give it a chance with some updates, but still simply put, not worth it.****YOU HAVE TO BUY ADDITIONAL CHARATERS? FU*^ THAT sH*& .........*****You get in game currency that you can use, but it is not enough for all of them even if it was this is a horrible implimentation. This is a sad sad way for capcom to go for with SF. I have been a SF fan for a long time but this is where that stops. :("
76561198044917795,Not Recommended,310950,24354832,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Pale Caesar,"I just spent damn near an hour writing a lengthy review about why I do not recommend this game, and Steam opted to not save it when I clicked ""post review."" So, unfortunately you will be reading an incredibly shortened version. Sorry.Positives -+Characters look good+Audio is nice+Gameplay is solid; combat system works well, no issues with controls+Endless Battle mode is always a welcomed addition to the multiplayer+The IDEA that Capcom wanted to emulate MK's successful story mode is great. The actual result... well, see below in the Negatives section.Negatives --Clipping is prominent. Ken's hair clips through his neck/shoulder line; Birdie's necklace clips through body, etc.,.-Limited single player options-Story mode underwhelming and full of confusing scene cuts, limited character development and overpromotion of characters who offer little in terms of moving the story forward, or are mishandeled and end up being useless to the story (Charlie, Necalli, etc).-Overpriced DLC - $3.99 for a single promo costume? GTFO.-Multiplayer matchmaking is wonky (from my experience). Oftentimes get paired up with a guy 3 ranks higher than me, resulting in limbo where I can never move up because I don't play people in equal skill. Hinders multiplayer.Overall, it's just a really rushed game by a developer who should know better. Single player was ignored prominantly in the early stages, and a lousy story mode was dumped in to placate. Multiplayer is what it is - a screwy matchmaking system and people rage quitting to avoid losing points. There's some fun to be had in it with endless battle. It's a shame, because the core gameplay is great. I love the battle system, the controls are fluid and fully functioning, but there's not enough here, and what IS here is full of half-hearted work. There's no reason the ugly clipping in the game should exist, especially with a major game developer like Capcom. Shoddy work. In a world with MANY options for fighting games, don't waste your time with this when older installments or other series altogether are better."
76561197981956770,Not Recommended,310950,34654075,Posted: 1 September,all,SuperJuicy,Each time I think about reinstalling this game I click on the DLC page and... no. Thats all I have to say.
,Not Recommended,310950,25882192,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Shears,7 Months +STILL CAN'T USE MY FIGHTSTICK.95 MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING COSTUMES THOUGH.
76561197965616073,Not Recommended,310950,32176284,Posted: 4 June,all,Deviem,Worst netcode ever. Absolutely no content. Too much DLC for making up the lack of content.
,Not Recommended,310950,21250187,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,PowerFulBR,"=> October/2016:It's unbelievable that Capcom did a rootkit, potentially exposing everyone to massive security problems. They show no sense of responsibility. For me personally it's sad to be a fan of a franchise where its parent company and its employees seem irresponsible.I confirmed myself that the 1-sided lag is real. While one player gets a smooth experience, the other get lots of rollbacks. This is really unfair. And most incompetent from the netcode creators. I don't see people stick playing a game with a bad online experience, which is unfortunate.Let's cross fingers and hope that Capcom will fix the netcode, like the Mortal Kombat X creators did, where they improved their netcode.=> September/2016:This is probably my last update for a while. I tried to like this game, but I couldn't. The netcode is so garbage that ruins all the experience. The servers are garbage too. Also, this game favors mostly a extremely aggressive type of player, and this is not my kind of game. If you are a balanced or defensive player, this game is definitely not for you.But this game is still in its infancy, perhaps it will get good someday. Probably I will be watching to see what happens.=> August/2016:Game has had some improvement, but still maintains flaws.Improvements:- Netcode has improved a bit, but still leaves to be desired. Only usable at 5 bar connections. Sometimes 5 bar connections give rollbacks and teleports, but they shouldn't happen (not all 5 bar connections are really 5 bar, the connection quality metering is not reliable).- Matchmaking now do its job properly, matching with players close to your skill. But sometimes takes too much time to find players, and I don't think it's a lack of players problem.- Game now has more content, enough to satisfy many people.Flaws that persist:- Unstable servers, often the battle results are not displayed properly. Although it seems the results are uploaded 90% of the time. Yes, that are times where results aren't computed.- Input lag is still high (8 frames).- Rage quitting is not punished properly yet and is still a problem.- Keyboard and some sticks still aren't supported. Come on Capcom... seriously?- Game still doesn't remember the battle request and training mode settings.- Graphics has lots of clipping. Come on Capcom... seriously, again?As a final note, the season pass has shown itself a terrible deal. It's not a real season pass (that should've given all the DLC), it gives roughly half of the available DLC for the season.=> May/2016:Sad that the game didn't get what it deserved. My cons list is bigger than before.- Servers are still unstable, sometimes data isn't loaded.- After further experimenting, found that netcode is garbage, even with 4 or 5 bar connections. I hate the rollbacks and teleports, along with the sound cuts. It's common on 5 bar connections to have animation frame skipping, which mess up the moves timing.- Input lag is high.- Rage quitting is still not properly punished.- Keyboard and some sticks still aren't supported. That's some extreme lazyness on the board.- Game still doesn't remember the battle request and training mode settings.- Graphics has lots of clipping. Super ugly.- Matchmaking is unoptimized, keeps matching with the same person and matches tiers/leagues that are too far away, for example Ultra Gold vs Silver. Also, still gives 1 bar connection opponents even if you chose 5 bar.=> Feb/2016:I was always a SF fan, since SF2. It's sad that this game hadn't the launch it deserved:- Unstable servers- Unreliable matchmaking (1 bar connections regardless of chosen settings)- No keyboard support- No support for all fighting sticks- Game doesn't remember some settings (battle request and training mode)- Rage quitting is not punished (with points withdrawal, for example)Some of these alone make the game unplayable for a lot of people.Make no mistake, though: this game is good. But what are nice graphics, awesome sound, interesting mechanics good for if you can't play the game properly? As for the netcode, it could be better: it is good at 4 or 5 bar connections, but not good below that.Hope the game RISE UP to what it really deserves. Until then I can't recommend it, sadly."
76561198122304049,Not Recommended,310950,21287625,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Nine-Tales,"Personal ExperienceWritten at 2016-02-17Some issues might be fixed at later date, this review won't be updated.Pros-Decent optimizaion/port for Capcom game.-Simple, quick to learn, difficult to master game mechanics.-Multi-play IS VERY FUN, provided that you can find a match within 5 to 10 mins, and play decent amount of game without disconnection.-Cross server play!Cons-Personally find the game to have too little character.-Server issues (Can't find match, frequent disconnetion).-Needs 3rd party software for reconizaion of some external devices.-Lacks off-line content (coupled with server issues, a ciritical at the moment).-Personally don't think the game has 70 dollors worth of content, 110 dollors if you pre purchased season pass.Personal conclusion.If you are an absolute fan of street fighter and MUST play the game right at this moment, get it.  The game has a huge potential.If you are not an absolute fan of the street fighter, but is looking for a good fighting game to play, hold off this game for now and get ""Guilty Gear xrd"" ""Mortal Combat"", these games are alot more ""Complete"" and you can pick them up with half of the price of Street fighter 5I personally have refuned my pre-order copy of this game.There is other good fighting games out there that is still fun, and at the moment Street Fighter 5 just isn't delivering what I want from the game,Instead of getting stressed over getting a match, and inconsistant server, I will just continue playing other fighting games which I don't have to worry about such issues, and will come back to this game, when it gets cheaper or contents that is worth the price are added.  By that time price will be droped a bit."
,Not Recommended,310950,31229611,Posted: 18 April,all,Pleasant Man,"Do you like spending 1 hour in training mode practicing a 3 hit bnb and then going online to face plat level brazilian Gief/Balrog players who literally teleport across the screen and as soon as you hit them The World turns back time so that you die instead of them taking damage well have I got a game for you it's called Street Fighter V what a great game truely the pinnacle of competition make sure you give your opponent the thumbs up though because if you don't and you are P2 you can't go back to character select oh did I mention that capcom doesn't know how to balance characters jesus christ just play Guilty Gear or Tekken or somethingSeriously though this game is frustrating and unforgiving, keep your money"
76561198041593127,Not Recommended,310950,21355360,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Tequ1la,Go for it if you want to be an exclusive final beta tester.
76561198062320281,Recommended,310950,29080539,Posted: 6 January,all,Super Siobud,"*AS A DISCLAIMER I PURCHASED THIS GAME DURING THE WINTER SALE FOR $20*TLDR; This game is a simple enjoyable experience if you have even a little fun with fighters. It's a cash grab, but there are ways to spend less money to get all the extra content. The simplicity is important to the growth of the Fighting Game Community.Let's start with the obvious and huge faults of this game, before I get into my specific recommendation: THIS GAME IS A CASH GRAB. The content of this game is very lack luster for a $70 game (100 if you want all the characters up front). The single player mode is a joke, and Capcom is nickle and diming everyone for content that people expect from a AAA title.Now here's what's good: The game is a very solid and simplistic fighter. Sure it's not doing anything big to 'innovate the fighting genre', but sometimes simplicity is what makes a game great. This game is great for first timers, and people who want to have a simpler fighting experience not unlike earlier entries in the series. The size of the cast of characters is always discussed as a negative with 16 characters in the base game. (Just to note, SF4 had 25 in the base game) In my opinion, smaller casts of characters mean better potential for balance. As a competitor, it's far easier to understand a variety of matchups when the cast is smaller, meaning less chance of that weird character nobody plays bodying you due to your lack of knowledge. (SF4 clocks in at 44 characters by the time it hit Ultra. That's a lot of intricacies to learn, and a lot harder for Capcom to balance.)Now if you wish to have all the content the game offers, and you want to spend nothing beyond sale price... you're a little out of luck. You will have to play for HOURS to get every last character for free, but one thing that isn't talked about enough is the fact you can purchase characters individually. Remember how I said the single player is a joke? Beating all the single player modes gives you a hefty lot of in game currency for little effort. Use that money to buy the characters you REALLY want, and pay real money for the others. Not a perfect system, but if you're good at managing funds and prioritizing, you'll be fine.I understand that a lot of what I'm claiming to be positives could be seen as negatives. People shouldn't have to worry about 'managing and prioritizing' actual money in a game they bought, and a lot of what I'm saying about roster sizes and matchup knowledge could be seen as laziness. The truth is, a lot of the reviews on here that are positive are people claiming the game is simpler than other games, but not enough people are explaining why and I think it's really important to do so.For anyone who believes this mentality of simplicity is killing the genre, I wish to present you a counter point. If you don't allow accessibility into your community, you'll never grow as one. Fighting games as a whole don't bring in the eSports numbers like LoL and CS:GO do. This is a perfect time to get more people interested in these games, and not just young up-and-comers, but also the student who doesn't have time for gaming, or the family man/woman who's too busy working to play games. League does so well because it's accessible, but Fighting games don't have that accessibility. I think it's about time we got it."
76561197975755093,Recommended,310950,26588005,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,w00tsick,"Held off for a while to recommend. Great Competitive game, I haven't paid a single dollar for any of the DLC chars and I own all of them. If you're a casual gamer looking for single player experience, it's not for you."
,Not Recommended,310950,23884794,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rage,The lack of DInput support means I can't use the stick I used for Ultra SFIV. This is a big turn off for me.
,Not Recommended,310950,21262504,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Russian Love Machine,"Street Fighter V isn't out yet. I say this without reservation, and with great disappointment as a SF fan. To anyone thinking of buying this who may be new to the genre; don't. Just think of it as still yet to be released. Because that's how it feels. Minimal content, barebones single-player, a sham of a 'story' mode, and one of the worst fighting game launches to date. 16 characters only and a pocket of stages. This game was designed to have barely anything and updated over the period of this year and next. If you're thinking of SFV? Forget it. Come back in the autumn."
76561198343301069,Not Recommended,310950,29660930,Posted: 2 February,all,omae wa mo shindeiru,"Garbage.Unless you are a hardcore fighting game fan I can't find any reason at all to recommend you this game.Fighting system in its core is alright. The current meta is idiotic however,it's all offence and pressure. Don't believe me? That is perfectly fine,you can validate this by watching more experienced players and pros. Everyone plays the same,everyone uses the same tactics.Now as to why I cannot recommend this.Offline play is non-existent.Online play is garbage.The lag is real and once you become more familiar with the game the more this will bother you.I do not know the technicalities behind this but here's what it's like. Either you are lagging and your opponent isn't,or it's the other way around.It is humanly impossible to react when you have even the slightest lag.Maybe I've just grown peculiar with age so don't take my words for granted,give it a try somehow,see if you like it and then buy it if you deem it's worth it."
,Not Recommended,310950,25659272,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,WORLD STAR KIDZ BOP,"What failed: Capcom.sysDid you know you can buy Guilty Gear Xrd -SIGN- on Steam, and it doesn't come with a rootkit?  Neat!"
,Not Recommended,310950,21261668,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ＦＵＣＫＬＯＲＤ,"online is an unfinished mess. no functionable lobbies to play long sets against friends, and even if they were working inviting is awkward and not more simple as a few button presses. also the servers are overloaded and constantly crashing so you'll maybe get to play 4-5 ranked games within an hour.refrain from purchasing until capcom releases SFV Epsilon edition to fix everything."
76561198288968656,Not Recommended,310950,23612022,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,NightlineHS,"I've been playing fighting games for competitively since 2000 and was a dedicated Street Fighter fan until this. It's no secret that Capcom's overall quality has steadily been on the decline and, for me, this was the last nail in the coffin. SFV is my final purchase of a Capcom game and I whole heartidly regret it.So what's wrong? Let me list it for you:- It was knowingly released as an unfinished product.- Cinematic Story Mode is lackluster at best.- PC vs. PS4 has a notable input difference. PS4 ver. has 8 frame input lag. Drastically impacting reactionary gameplay.- Delays in character releases/glitches upon updates.- In game character models are low end and varied in looks due to outsourcing to 3rd party model designers.- Capcom's indifference to customer complaints and player concerns.I say this as someone who has been a dedicated fan of the franchise and as a player who created a Steam account just to purchase and play this game on their PC.If you're looking to SERIOUSLY play this game on a competitive level in the hopes of obtaining CPT points then you'll be willing to swallow this bitter pill and play it regardless of it's blatant flaws. This review does not apply to you and I wish you all the best on your endeavors.If you're a casual player that's looking for a fighting game to play with friends online I strongly suggest you look elsewhere - Be it ArcSys' GGXRD or holding out for SNK's upcoming KOFXIV. This game is not worth your time or money, I'm sorry."
,Not Recommended,310950,21383327,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Budget_player_cadet,"UPDATE over a YEAR later: this game still crashes constantly if you alt-tab out. For a game with so much wait time in its gameplay, this is ♥♥♥♥ing absurd. Also, the online mode is unclear and glitchy. Still would not recommend.This is an early access game. Why is it not labeled as such? This can't possibly be the full release. Tons of features are missing, the netcode gets really buggy at times, lobby matchmaking is terrible, and there's not even a basic anti-cheat system (to the point where you can just unplug your cable between when the game says ""KO"" and goes to the next screen to avoid taking a loss and maintain your win streak).Look, the core gameplay is solid as hell. It's street fighter, what do you expect? But in releasing this for 60 bucks, I expect to get a full, functioning game, and this is just a mess. Buy it later, cheaper, when it actually is a full release. Because this? This is early access, not labeled as such, and should not be allowed on the storefront in its current state."
,Not Recommended,310950,33365376,Posted: 7 July,all,Saber Knight,its like street fighter 3 and 4 but without content
,Not Recommended,310950,21256293,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Spook,Why do I keep buying bad video games?
,Not Recommended,310950,21249587,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,eva02langley,"Any Playstation hardware doesn't work.Capcom... I really do love you... This feel like a Warner Bros game.After milking us by making us buy 4 or 5 version of SFIV, now you are making a unique version, laggy, and not supporting any controllers outside the xbox  ones on PC.... I thought the whole goal on PC was to play with WHATEVER YOU WANTED! Even my Playstation 2 Controller is recognized by Metal Gear Solid 5!I have enough Ono, go screw yourself! I am asking Steam for a whole refund and advise everyone to do the same. No controller support for the launch of a fighting game is unacceptable.I will MAYBE buy the game again if they fix their crap... but honestly, I really doubt it.This is Batman Arkham Knight and Mortal Kombat X all over again. Congratulation Capcom, you made it to league of Warner Bros for PC support. You should have just drop the version if it was to give us something like that."
76561198052375370,Not Recommended,310950,22964799,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,SOA Haztlan,You can't search for lobbies in your own area... which makes Battle Lounges pretty much useless as you have to use whatsapp/facebook to contact friends to play with them and even then you won't be able to finish FT5 or FT10 because the game bugs. So you have to rely on the matchmaking system of the ranked/casual matches. Too bad that they are not reliable even after 3 months from the release. Extremely laggy matches and ragequitters are not rare. Even the measures taken to fix these problems were inneficient and the problems are still there. So far all I can say about this game is that I wish that I could take my 100 BRL back.
,Not Recommended,310950,25653083,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,FrankH,WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS A Capcom.sys FILE DOING IN MY SYSTEM32 FOLDER?
76561198210723945,Not Recommended,310950,31690606,Posted: 11 May,all,THE REAL SPHINX,"Im a big fan of Street Fighter but this game is not Street fighter. It is unbalanced, the net code is bad and it seems as that capcom isnt even listening to their audience."
,Not Recommended,310950,21715538,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,No money no honey,"Pros:-in depth and balanced fighting system-very skill and reaction based-requires practiseCons:- connection problems- high price- offline mode not fully released- online connection is not always stableOverall: 9/10Great fighting game, you buy it for the multiplayer anyways.However, cost of the game is not justifiable, they need to charge gamers a reasonable price and not just expect us to pay top dollar for an incomplete game.I feel like im playing a sport, practising in training mode and developing muscle memory for a skill. Then going to a game to put it to practise. Then there's buying the right gear i.e. Controller or an Arcade Stick. It was a good experience, especially since it was my first fighting game."
,Recommended,310950,23852290,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Krazy,"Exceptional game, well balanced, competetive, hype game play. Simple to play, hard to master. Unfortunately gone through a rough release but the developer is finally acknowledging the issues and things are slowly but surely get fixed."
76561198025637921,Not Recommended,310950,21281174,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Starchild,"TL; DR: You purchase this game to admire main menu, nothing else works properly.I can't recommend this game as is. Capcom should be aware of everything after so many betas and testings, I feel like I've bought a teaser of the actual game.Ok, let's go to the reasons of my bad review:Networking issues after launch are common and understandable, but not addressing them in a period of 24hrs is unacceptable.Not having an arcade mode is simply... NOT STREET FIGHTER.Lounges are there and not greyed out simply because PRETTINESS, Lounge doesn't work.You receive notes and prizes as you play, but you can't know what they are because they havent been launched yet.Story mode... Story, what story mode? OH THAT SINGLE FIGHT I JUST WON??? Yes son, thats the story mode, not the tutorial.Resolution... it will take about 10min to set your resolution to 1920x1080 GL;HFIf you play on a Keyboard, you cant rebind keysNO DIMPUT SUPPORT OMG WTF BBQTextures are not quite the same as the trailers...Why would I recommend this game?The main menu looks gorgeous. Seriously, it does."
76561198047301908,Not Recommended,310950,30579029,Posted: 17 March,all,Roll Back,"Well, this game is perfect for a someone casual that is into fighting games like me but lacks things like arcade for casual tho'. I like this game A LOT but its very hard to recomend it. I dont know what about the rest of the word, but here in europe the netcode sucks , there 5 bars ping players who has lag (And is not my conection, I have high speed optical inthernet upload and download) But there's also people with good conection, so the ping bars doesnt mean anything.DLC that scam all your money out, season pass that ain't season pass (can we sue that? lol)I LOVE THIS GAME i already have 184 hours, but idk what was thinking capcom. Making averything so simple for casual, forgetting the pro players and without casual modes.And a dissapointing seccond season(I want old character to hype this up a little bit, people who plays sfv, are sf fans, my friends who like fighting games dont want to play this damm game cuz the caracters, so I'm some what lonely here, halp)But, if you like me, fulltime job, and other hobbies with little time, only to play casually. you can pick this and with liitle practice, you know the basic, so is not a big time investment. I  have fun with this game, and I understand why is so hated."
76561198009321147,Not Recommended,310950,25675395,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Jeek,Read about the recent new rootkit feature!http://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/09/23/capcom_street_fighter_v/
76561198044250626,Not Recommended,310950,21280749,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Turai,"The game doesn't work.That's really all that needs to be said.It's a game based completely around online, where the online modes doesn't work.I'll change this IF it gets fixed."
76561198009204204,Not Recommended,310950,30113117,Posted: 22 February,all,Shaggy Rogers,Capcom fails with another game yet again because they try to focus on making too many games at once.
,Not Recommended,310950,33202250,Posted: 3 July,all,TheBloodOwl,Can't even rebind keyboard controls to different keys and some of them at all
76561198029188937,Not Recommended,310950,22156773,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Beat[INTHERE]roll,"How am I supposed to take an online competetive-oriented fighting game seriously when it doesn't even allow for the adjustment of delay for a GGPO-based netcode? If the connection between you and the opponent isn't good on both sides, you're simply out of luck."
76561197970835222,Not Recommended,310950,21343903,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Planisphere,"Few commands, small game, terrible gameplay. May be acceptable for casual players.I miss SF II and that was way I bought this. Problem is, games have evolved.Awaiting Tekken 7."
,Not Recommended,310950,23081355,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Slayman,"Months after release, the game still has problems with online.Servers are unstable and are down once a week, still get disconnected in battle lounge and finding a game takes ages."
,Not Recommended,310950,25304483,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Jawpz,"I used a 1 round survival mod and then Capcom threatened to delete my £4000steam account instead of fixing the boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥survival mode. Don't believe me? I linked a picture to it below. Not to mention the fact i bought many of the costumes in the store so i've not only spent the full price of the game but i've also given them more for stages and costumes then this is how they repay me? Great customer service.The saddest thing of all is the fact that i used this mod offline resulting in no fight money being earned since i just wanted the colours and you know what they did as punishment? Set my fight money to 0.http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/250335688557246643/017B36BF3B798C5CA0F0796A16B4A41314960487/Nice damage control, lads.Also F2P model on a £44.99 game at launch.Also unfinished.Stay classy Crapcom.They was willing to put a rootkit on your computer and only decided that was a bad idea after a huge backlash.Have to reinstall the game every single time there is a minor update.Broken promises.Edit: 1 year on and there's still a load of content that they promised at launch not present in the game."
,Not Recommended,310950,32412092,Posted: 14 June,all,Namu,"This game is basically the Juicero of fighting games, for a more fun Street Fighter experience, I suggest getting USFIV, since the graphics don't give you nightmares and you can actually play all of the characters right off the bat."
76561198051514640,Not Recommended,310950,21353031,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,WorldChampion,"This game is incomplete, shame on steam for allowing a near 100$ game to be released like this. They should refund everyones money and send this back to capcom.1. Worst intro in along time2. 4 battles in arow you cannot skip before you have the opportunity to configure buttons3. Very few keys can be binded with keyboard, cannot even use menus currently4. Realized not all the characters are even available, after they charged me 30$ for themI've never said this about a Capcom game before, but dont waste your money"
,Not Recommended,310950,25677890,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ballistic2003,Game released with more than half of the features missing. I didn't pay $70 for early access. After that they try and sneak a back door to your system in with an update. Don't give them money for this. Do not support this kind of garbage.
,Not Recommended,310950,25655421,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Gopo™,Uninstalled the game after it started installing a ROOTKIT on my computer. Treat this game as MALWARE.
,Not Recommended,310950,25662049,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,cosmix,"So Crapcom decided to put all of its resources into making a Rootkit instead of fixing the god-damn game.@30 Dec 2016Season 2 has begun but there's still no rebindable keys for PC, extremely long loading times with multiple loading screen, horrible netcode (5 bar connection means nothing), very expensive yearly DLC and no arcade mode.Player 2 cannot even press rematch or head back to the character select screen. Good stuff.Finally, Crapcom implemented a proper RQ system. Only took them a year."
,Not Recommended,310950,21350131,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Rid,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ release. Not wasting my time writing why it sucks, just read other reviews. Posting this only to bring its rating down, because IT ♥♥♥♥ING DESERVES."
,Not Recommended,310950,23609046,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Triglav,"Online is garbage. Do not play online in this game if you want to get good at it. Seriously.$60 game, yet characters are being added and can be unlocked with fight money earned in game, but good luck earning the $100k in fight money needed when you only earn that♥♥♥♥♥♥in ranked mode and story mode. Ranked mode is a disaster of epic proportions with gold tier♥♥♥♥♥♥lords disconnecting so they can maintain their points.I also need to add that while the in game shop system was ready to set up to buy things with actual money, they made characters free starting with alex in march, but now that it is being added with the June story mode update, they are now taking those characters away that were free for the duration and putting them behind a paywall, so you heard that right, now everyone who got this reduced content of a fighting game can now pay for those characters that have been free to play since march or grind survival mode to get the fight money needed to unlock them, how's that for spending $60 or $40 or whatever the hell capcom feels is a fair price, you get content that should just be in the game at this point and they lock it behind a paywall until you cough up the digital or real dough.Capcom needs a lesson in humility and me not recommending this game will hopefully teach them that.Season 2 has arrived with its balance changes and new characters, very few changes have occured to make the game enjoyable, online is still a joke, even with punishment for disconnecting  in place, people still rage quit and just come back again later on in the matchmaking disaster system. This game has reached a point of diminishing returns, you can get run down to the point where you might as well just put the controller down because there is very little back and forth in this game and one wrong move can cost you the entire round because the damage output is absurd at times from a crush counter or stun or the connection is so awful its like watching a slideshow or its so out of sync you think certain moves hit when they do not while the game is trying to play catch up with your opponent's poor connection. Go buy another game and avoid this one."
,Recommended,310950,29195147,Posted: 11 January,all,Alex-dude,"First things first, I'd like to say that this game is NOT bad. Far from it. It's a pretty fun fighting game, especially if it's your first fighting game you're getting into. The game offers tutorials with it's ""Demonstrations"" feature, that provides information about the game and basic uses of a choice character's special moves. There is also tons of resources online from the community that can help you get into the game.If you're looking for a casual experience, I'd say wait for a sale. As of this review, there isn't much single-player content besides the super easy character stories, the General story (which you need to have installed separately. It's located in the DLC section. Don't worry, it's free with the game.), and the super grindy Survival mode, which will have you going from around 10-100 one-round fights. Singleplayer is not it's strong suit.All the DLC fighters (Akuma, Balrog, Juri, Urien, Ibuki, Alex, Guile and more coming soon) can be purchased with in-game currency that you get from doing the weekly missions, the story mode content, trials, Survival mode, or leveling up by winning ranked online matches, but you can also buy them with real money. The characters range from easy to learn (Balrog and Guile) to having some of the most complicated combos in the game (Ibuki and Akuma). Sadly, most of the other shop content, you'll have to pay with real cash, but it's just costumes and stages, which you can still play on if your opponent has the stage.In terms of the fighting system, I can't say that much, due to the recent balance changes in Season 2's launch. The crush counter is a neat thing, allowing you to do high-damaging combos. The V-System is basically extra bits to your character, but has quite a few uses. Some characters will use it more than others. It can range from preventing damage to messing up your opponent or a super-powered version of your character or a way to start or extend combos. It definitely has it's many uses. Some things have been simplified in the game, with most ""360"" inputs being replaced with ""180"" inputs and there's a little more leniency in combos.The netcode is a little spotty. Some matches will run pristinely, while others will feel weird and skippy. Players say the best way to increase your chances of getting good connections is to make sure you're using a wired connection and to change the battle settings for network connections to ""5 only"".Overall, if you're looking to get a little bit into the competitive scene of fighting games, it's a good purchase and you should be atleast somewhat satisfied with what you're getting. Most of the stuff you pay with real money is usually just stages and costumes and having to pay for new fighters is optional. The game has certainly improved since it's bumpy launch and a few dents along the road. The ""capcom.sys"" file was quickly removed with a tool that removed it and new installs don't have it. The 8-frame input lag has gone down to 6.4 frames. Balance changes have given many characters their time to shine, while still not completely gimping MOST characters. (R.I.P. FANG and Nash) And direct-input controllers are now supported. It still has some steps to take to become a ""must-buy"", but if you want to give it a try, get your keyboard, stick, or gamepad, and see how it is.Here are some learning resources for beginners if you want to get in the game:The SFV Guidebook -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=st5CUkIHIM0Gief's Gym -https://www.reddit.com/r/stReetfighter/wiki/v/giefsgym"
,Not Recommended,310950,21375368,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,RZA,"Game is unfinished, although the multiplayer is solid, at least for the few times it actually works without swallowing inputs or lagging out."
76561197982317165,Not Recommended,310950,22730691,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,KingOfAdventure,Litterally bought a 90 dollar betaUPDATE:Some how they manage to make it worse.
,Not Recommended,310950,25652696,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Hykzqwmx,"i really really want to recommend this game,...but this game is like keep forcing me to dislike this game. yes, there is some flaw in this game design, like no arcade mode, im still fine, 8f of lag, okay its game design choice wont argue much, everyone do same combo, okay they made the game easier for newbie, new update always late or no communication from them, sure maybe thats their style of marketing. but now, they basically putting anti hacking(22 September 2016 update) that made me and most pc player cannot even open the game, and NO, i dont use any cheating or hacking, but they still made me cannot play this game,...this game really desperate to made me dislike this game, and prop capcom you actually did this now,..and conclusion,... NO i wont recommend this game to anyone,"
76561198016883077,Not Recommended,310950,21246675,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Sofitia,"This game was not ment for consumers, it was created for the competitive scene as in EVO and capcom cup.The game has nothing special to offer. Alpha3 had a coop mode, Alpha 3 had a world tour mode, tekken had a 2D beat em up mode, SF4 had online training, SF4 had the classic break the car challenge, SF4 had arcade mode, Soulcalibur has a create your own character mode, tekken has a make your own costume mode.SF5 is a copy of MK9,MKX. Make a linear story mode with street fighter charcters. Wow so creative.Hell even MK has the challenge towers.Some of us are still waiting for the daily challenges, but I assume that will never be implemented.Street Fighter has no soul. It feels like a free to play game.Street Fighter V #ThumbsDownStreet Fighter V #MiddleFingerUpYes I play this game alot, but don't be fooled, because most of the time spent in SFV was watching youtube waiting for my ranked queue to pop up.I dislike this game, becaue there is no variation. Log in beat up people, then alt+f4. its repetitive and it gets boring quickly.*****************************************THE NETWORK IS TERRIBLE*****************************************"
,Recommended,310950,32841752,Posted: 26 June,all,totino,solid fighting game. hopefully through commmuity feedback and good patches we can make it a great fighting game.
76561198019709700,Not Recommended,310950,21417153,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Lord Samyasa,"Do not buy this game!This is an incomplete job by Capcom...The game is a master piece, good animations, a diferent way to play, load fast, but...Online experience doesn't exists for me. It's been 42 hours of ""playing (waiting) time"". Until now i've only get 4 ranked matches. Lobbies works properly WHEN the server let me log in.  Capcom took my money, does not gimme an functional game so I gave up..."
,Not Recommended,310950,25681041,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Mega,Capcom are an incompetent company. Root kit as an anti-cheat system? LUL
,Not Recommended,310950,25662075,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Omi,"Installs a driver Capcom.sys which opens a pretty significant backdoor to your operating system.  Apparently, a rollback to their security plan was announced, but in truth, the driver still exists with subsequent patching.  Installing this game will compromise the security of your system.Capcom doesn't really communicate with anyone about what's going on with their game.  SFV is a fun game if you are really into Street Fighter, but the game isn't well-built for casuals (the base game is tailored for hard-cores with more accessible features filing in over time).If you really want to play Street Fighter, it's a franchise best left to consoles due to engineering alone.  I'll probably stick to the PC version of this game due to how much I've invested in DLC (which isn't transferable between platforms), but if you're just getting into the game, either stay away for the forseeable future or get the Playstation 4 version."
76561198064592301,Not Recommended,310950,22889598,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Lobuttomize,"Game is worth about $20 and costs about $60, $90 for the people that want all the costumes and colors without ridiculous amounts of work put in.Pros: Fun gameGood competitive gameCons: Latency ruins any competitive play onlineLatency actually changes what punishes and combos can be doneMatchmaking system makes no senseMatchmaking system is actually designed to keep your rank lowMatchmaking system ignores connection settingsSometimes non-laggy games will randomly drop (I assume Capcom's fault)Periods of time where it becomes impossible to find a match onlineTime from finding a match until you fight is too longForced to pick 1 favorite character to play for casual and ranked for some reasonLag switching is very real and sometimes effectiveIn-game money is made 50 per win and it takes 70k to buy Guile's map (just as a comparison)Certain characters were made to be played in a very boring fashionZoning characters are currently top tierTop 3 characters are pretty far ahead of the othersShoryuken is stupidly high priority for something not easy to punish with some charactersStory is 1/4th completed if thatNo arcade modeSurvival mode difficulty changes so abruptly from free wins to needing to try that you lose life easily when it changesI'm not 100% sure but survival mode seems like RNG on what powerups you getSurvival mode is very boring and to finish extreme you need to do 100 fights for little rewardAt least 50% of people online will pick RyuOnline becomes boring as hell facing the same character so oftenRyu's story is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥and yet he is still the main characterRyu is probably the most powerful fighter and is the only one with an actual parry because lol main characterThere is not a wide enough selection of fighters yet, USF4 feels like it still looms over SF5 and it will for years while they add 1 character per monthThere's only 2 (maybe 1) female costume(s) that aren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥ right nowCostumes are not interesting unless you have the preorder ones or whatever they're fromEtc."
,Not Recommended,310950,21278841,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Fuck sake Foffo,"I am not giving the game a bad review because of the lack of content. I'm giving it a bad review because the game is literally unplayable. The servers are a disaster, the few functions the game should have had at the launch don't even work, if you want to unlock content playing the very limited single player content you just can't because the game randomly kicks you out of the game server, something that forces you to quit the single player mode. If you play offline you cannot unlock anything either. The full release of the game is actually worse than the beta version, this situation is embarassing. It's a pity because the core mechanics are there, too bad you can't actually play a game you paid 60 euro.I will update the review if this mess ever gets fixed."
,Not Recommended,310950,22905404,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,A.G.¥10,"The agony of defeat. I starved and saved for a full PC upgrade to play this game. I'm now running an i7 6700k and GTX 960. Coming from a crappy AMD APU which ran USF4 just fine, this means I paid quite a bit of money to step up for SFV, and all I'm getting for it is huge microstutters, even in singleplayer (offline) modes... and on the main menu.Adaptive Vsync, FPS locked to 60fps in RivaTuner. Feel like I've tried everything else. Wish I hadn't sprung for that season pass, by the time this game runs properly it will probly be old enough to be in the summer/holiday sales for half off.By the way, I can't get my OSD to pop up (MSi via Rivatuner) ingame, so I can't get any diagnostics on why the train is wrecking.I really haven't logged much gameplay. Freezing up for 2-3 seconds in the middle of a match on a competent system... it's just unacceptable. But a few things I've noticed was that it looks feature-gutted in comparison to USF4. Graphics options, benchmarking utility... amenities in SFV are about as sparse as the character roster.And why is the announcer voice for a new online fight initiating SO LOUD no matter what you do to the audio settings? This♥♥♥♥♥♥is unchained.The worst thing about Street Fighter V is that they already know how to make a game that runs properly. It's CAPCOM."
,Not Recommended,310950,30847197,Posted: 30 March,all,Mr. Maxalty,"This game was released with the worst netcode ever, even now that they are giving a free try for the game and they claim to have worked hard to improve things... Well it just feels the same pile of crap it was until now and no changes whatsoever... Just a waste of money and time... (Consider purchasing the game ONLY if you plan playing the game with friends locally)."
76561198064363994,Recommended,310950,21354948,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Stun Traps,"Are you a tournament player?If Yes: buyIf No: don't buyThis game was put out early for pro tour reasons.  Anything that this game is missing doesn't really matter to tournament players.  Only thing I dislike aobut this game is the long times are little long, but it's nothing to hate the game over."
76561197994754229,Not Recommended,310950,25675905,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,encryptio,Installed a rootkit. I cannot trust any game dev that does this.
,Not Recommended,310950,25657295,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Vollgas,"The latest patch installs a rootkit called capcom.sys (Giving a game kernel access is obviously a huge security risk). (edit: They removed it in a later patch)Not mentioning the other known issues here, they have been around for months and capcom still doesn't seem to care.Stay away from this game."
,Not Recommended,310950,25665100,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,KaptinKrabs,"I have tried to defend this game. I enjoy it. I see the potential for it to grow huge, and Capcom continually makes promises that they are trying their best to keep and improvements to the game itself *are* being made, slowly but surely.But I just can't ♥♥♥♥ing recommend it any more.People are uninstalling the game and I really cannot blame them. It's not just some temper tantrum, people are unistalling the game because it is a safety risk for their PCs.Please bear in mind that if you have played SFV during the period between the initial patch and the rollback, that the harmful file (capcom.sys) is STILL on your PC. The rollback has done NOTHING for those already affected. Google searching ""street fighter reddit warning to PC players"" will come up with a very helpful post that details how to remove this MALWARE. Even if you cannot find the file on your computer, it does not mean that the file is not present. It literally hides itself like a virus.I have disabled automatic updates for SFV now, because I simply do not and cannot trust capcom anymore."
76561198124350413,Not Recommended,310950,21506894,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Tank,"online mode sucks, rage quitters, and the connection status is misleading, 5 bars but still alot of rollback"
76561198009516471,Not Recommended,310950,21246519,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,arsenaltengu,Doesn't work with my PS4 fightstick.Too lazy to try and get it working with a third party application.Barely got past the tutorial after mashing every key on my keyboard.I'm ready for EVO with my keyboard
,Recommended,310950,21758308,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,fatihG_,"Game is awesome. The fighting mechanics are a bit more simple compared to SF4, so it is a bit easier for new players to get started with this game.At the moment, it is still lacking some features, but that will probably get 'fixed' byt the march update.If you want to get SFV for single player content, dont. Wait till July, as Capcom will release some free DLC with a proper story/arcade mode.If you just want to play againest friends/online, get it now! =]"
,Not Recommended,310950,21685943,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,twitch.tv/Ho1y_Live,this game is garbage...
,Not Recommended,310950,21699296,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,hiphoptherobot,"Are there worse disappointments in grown-up life than Street Fighter V?  Of course, but it's so maxed out on the scale of video game disappointments I can only liken it to real life disappointments.  You know that old adage that sex is like pizza, even when it's bad its good?  Street Fighter V is like the sex that isn't like pizza.  The kind you immediately regret and are pretty sure is gonna make you sick.If there isn't going to be an offline tournament mode, then the servers need to be vaguely functional.  Am I too old?  Is this an age thing?  The offline tournament mode to me has always been ""the game.""  Sure I enjoy playing online against other players, but after I beat the ""the game.""  So that part being omitted feels like I spent $80 on the preorder and season pass to actually not even get what I consider to be the core game itself.  I've tried to keep an open mind though, because maybe this is an age thing.  Maybe I'm wrong here.  So I really tried to dive deep into the online mode, but the servers are just terrible. It takes 5-10 minutes on average to find a match.  I have to play something else while I wait and by the time it queues up, I'm not really in the moment anymore.  Another big disappointment is that I love the big cast of characters, but they cut way back.  Street Fighter IV added so many classic characters to what I thought was going to be the permanent lexicon of SF.This game feels really thin and flimsy.  I'm not even addressing the ragequit exploit, because Capcom promises severe punishment.  If you're putting all your eggs in one basket, doubling down on online tournament play only, then doesn't that seem like a really basic, careless, obvious misstep?  That's the kind of lack of attention to detail and quality that permeates every aspect of this game.I'm pretty sure this only gets read by my friends.  If that is the case and you're reading this, then please come over and play this game any time you want before actually spending money on it.  I'll make time for you.  That's how bad this is.  I would rather rearrange my schedule than see my friends get screwed by this as I have been."
,Not Recommended,310950,21257099,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Storm,"I'm writing this review as a short review but also as a response to ZoSo, who was defending the release of this game. So let's get down to the nitty gritty of this:This game is an unfinished product with incredible server issues on launch day. Yes, day one game releases are known for problems on release, but not being able to actually play the game is dumbfounding. Why does the server connection need to be such a priority? 16 characters is quite low for a fighting game of this caliber. Sure it means more focus on each character but if we look at what Mortal Kombat has managed to do with their roster (including X with three fighting styles per), then this is inexcusable.The gameplay is fine, it's fun, it's the Street Fighter we know. Focus attacks are gone, and the EX meter is now a V-Skill meter, which makes for some interesting options during a fight. It reminds me of MvC3's short X-Factor boost. The prologues for the characters are what I'm currently focusing on, since I'm anticipating the intricate story mode similar to MK, and the style is quite appealing thus far. The soundtrack is nice, rock-style, and the graphics are decent, very in-tune to SFIV.My issues with this game stretch far and beyond. To ZoSo - You're kidding yourself if you think Capcom won't re-release this game. They said that Super Street Fighter IV was the definitive version, it was the only one they'd do as far as an updated release was concerned. Then what happened? Ultra, that's what. MvC3, and within a few months what happens? UMvC3. Are we noticing a pattern here? Capcom can -say- they won't re-release but then as their current trend of business practice goes, they are the KINGS of rereleases. Resident Evil, Street Fighter, Devil May Cry, collections galore. Anyone who knows their release history can attest to this. Once all characters are released, we're getting a new version. With more stages, costumes, etc..On the remark that Capcom released this early because of fans wanting to gear up for a tournament: This should not be $60 then. Put it out there for $30 max, and if we want the other content later on we can opt to pay the other. Keep the beta up and running, actually, that would have been much smarter, or making this early access. Fair is fair. Also, why adhere to the fans in releasing a game early? When does that ever work out? Take a look at say, Spider-Man 3. Raimi gave into the fans and squeezed in Venom, and what a mess that film became. It's fine to take suggestions but it's better to go with your guts at the end of the day. If they knew this release would be too hectic then they should have held off, tournament or not. Some fans would be disappointed but there's always next year for the tournament, and the overall consensus would have been better for this title.Having to wait for the characters and story and other modes is pathetic. Other fighters have a core version where you have limitations but can still play the game. For free, mind you. Capcom has to be aware of this by now...yet their greedy corporation just can't wait to charge full price. The point is - they had options. There were better conditions to bring this game to the public eye, better ways to adhere to the community...they took none of these routes.*Update*The dev team are hard at work in fixing the server issue at the moment, so props to them for that. Still disappointed with this release, but I'm grateful for the fast action here."
,Not Recommended,310950,21343465,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,a moth,Where's arcade mode
76561198072692134,Not Recommended,310950,21292915,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ZeN,No arcade mode. No support for arcade stick which can be used with SF4. Don't purchase this game. It's Capcom's biggest mistake game.
76561198032244241,Not Recommended,310950,21350030,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,solid_clone,"Thank you Capcom for teaching me a valuable lesson about pre-ordering.  I will never order anything that you guys have put your hands on again.  It's been almost a full week since release and I still haven't been able to play your game.  The longest I've been able to stay connected to the server was about 4 minutes.  Additionally, I'm forced to play in 1920x1080 because if I go any higher the game acts sluggish and as if it was underwater.  How is that even possible I can't play in 4k with my i7 5960x 8 core monstrosity running 2 GTX Titan X's.  Should be considered Early Access since over 50% of the content is not available and scheduled for later dates.  Worst game release ever."
,Not Recommended,310950,25655273,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,jackson,"Aside from still seeming half-finished 8 months after release, I cannot support developers that have such blatant disregard for PC security."
76561198047029835,Not Recommended,310950,21334017,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Wanker,Pros.- Single player works fine- My claped out peice of junk PC can run it at 60 Fps- Nice visuals- Nice SoundtrackCons.- Server disconect on title menu consistantly (Because Capcoms servers reside on the ♥♥♥♥ing moon)- Battle lounge just does not work- Consistant disconnects when launching online match- I could not connect to a friend who lived aprox 200m away from my ♥♥♥♥ing housePS. before you implament multi platforming for a fighting game make sure the damn game works in the first place.Also give me Rolento plz
76561198063389676,Not Recommended,310950,34699003,Posted: 2 September,all,Wiggles,Go play SF4
76561197993440827,Not Recommended,310950,23142007,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Finlander,"/Edit/update/53 hrs of played time, as opposed to 30,2 during original time of writing. The ranked waiting times are stupid long as ever. Also the rage quitting problem has become more problem than what it was before. Which brings us to interesting point where I have tougher fights with bronze league Ryus, as opposed to some gold rank Ryus who maintain their rank by ragequitting./End of edit/At the time of writing:Singleplayer:Content doesn't practically exist. So let's move on to the multiplayer.Multiplayer:Having a television or book close by is a must have, for you'll be spending much time on waiting. By the time of writing this I've played the game 30,2 hrs, and I must have spend atleast 20 hrs of that time on waiting only. It can take anything from 5 to 20 minutes to get a match, if not longer.Someone might argue that there are not enough new players, So ofcourse there is much waiting, and that it get's easier on higher ranks. By the time of writing this I've reached silver rank ingame, and waiting is still essential part of the multiplayer experience.Also it would seem to me, that atleast 20% of the ranked game players are lag switchers and / or those people who ragequit to save their league points. Ofcourse that can hardly be blamed on Capcom.In general:The fighting mechanics and graphics & music in this game are the only ones that are up to the standard. Unfortunately it does not redeem the other flaws of the game mentioned earlier.In short:The usual tirade about ""I wanted to like this game, but...""I will keep playing the game and hope Capcom will get it to playable condition."
,Not Recommended,310950,25656248,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Paprika Killer,Crrently installs literal malware. DO NOT RUN
76561198013811243,Not Recommended,310950,25659187,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,VectorHax,Great Root Kit Capcom.
,Not Recommended,310950,25659974,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,holodeck javascript api,"Originally, I wasn't going to write anything lambasting SFV.  People have spoken enough on why this game is trash, but something happened recently that is un-♥♥♥♥ing-acceptable.  Along with the Urien update, Capcom released an anti-cheat system to stop people from giving themselves characters/costumes/Fight Money with outside programs.  That's all well and good.  But in doing so, theybypass operating system security measures to run unsigned code with kernel permissions.  In some more technical terms, Capcom has made an elevation of privillege attack on my computer.  Honestly, this game should be pulled from Steam and I think I'm going to ask for a full refund.  I don't care that they're rolling the patch back.  If they ♥♥♥♥ed up this hard the first time, I don't want to deal with the headache they cause the next time."
,Not Recommended,310950,25661140,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ChaosMatter,"yes, let's put a rootkit in the game! ♥♥♥♥ you capcom."
,Not Recommended,310950,25032133,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Megamanx1978,I got this game with the promise of a SteamOS port at launch and the game is still not on SteamOS six months later. SHAME ON YOU CAPCOM!
76561197964133891,Not Recommended,310950,21354881,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Rioz,Refreshing to have a new street fighter out after so many years but ♥♥♥♥ you capcom.  you released an unfinished piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561197971248378,Not Recommended,310950,21380111,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Snipe3000,Game crashes to desktop every 15 minutes
76561198081043975,Not Recommended,310950,25697180,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Sully,"Man, this game is awful.And I don't mean the greedy season pass/FIGHT MONEH♥♥♥♥♥♥And I don't mean the sparse content at launch.And I don't mean the horrific amount of bugs that plague this game.And I don't mean the pathetically small roster of launch characters compared to games like KOF 14 or even Skullgirls. Seriously- an indie game released with a wider variety of characters than this $60, AAA game.And I don't mean the FGC shilling that tainted a lot of the fun that could have been had, along with rushing the game for EVO.And I don't mean the recent issues with the rootkit.I mean all of this together, coupled WITH a terrible netcode, UI and overall horrible handling by Capcom comes together to form a failure of a game.Just go play Killer Instinct, Skulgirls, or KOF 14."
76561197986549086,Recommended,310950,21466896,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mochilol,"The game was released early so players could prepare for EVO and Capcom Cup Tour. I don't know why everyone is complaining, because they explained this. Game is good, for a brand new game i consider it pretty balance, and that is huge for fighting games (Remember sf4 sagat?). The only thing i don't like is the colors being locked behind boring ol survival mode. Other then that great game."
,Not Recommended,310950,21295076,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,comcen99,"July 2016 update*-*Balrog and Ibuki added to the rooster, nice. But is it enough for any fan of the series? No, because of the price and in game purchases. The latest story mode, personally I would have it as a VN than to play 1 round and see cutscene, loading see cutscene, fight 1 round, loading...I really hate this story mode, it's not making want to play the game, but avoiding it. As for the shop added some new skins and some stages. It makes those whom bought the season pass like complete fools. You can buy the new characters/stages/skins with the in-game fight money.What the season do is just unlock the new characters with 1 set of skin each. The cost of the season pass? You could buy something better or stay away from the game. This is totally the worst game from Capcom telling you I want your cash!Story mode art doesn't have the 'feel' of the street fighter series. The visual in gameplay in max setting makes the model figures look like plastic figures. Lacking of  arcade mode is gonna make some of us whom started playing this franchise at least 2 decades ago feel unsatisfied. Maybe  future updates can improve on those, but the price just doesn't feel right at present.(The ""ultra"" moves last hit ""scene"" don't look as painful as it did in usf4)The good things of the game are online competitive rankings, some new characters, new V-skills to master, boob jobs for all female fighters(maybe not a good thing), tight controls and some great lighting effects.(Anyone noticed how almost every character have either huge feet/hands if not not both bigger than their heads)"
76561198072468377,Not Recommended,310950,32531016,Posted: 18 June,all,phantom_warrior,"Lazy Capcom not only tried to nickel and dime players for unfinished game content, but now the game is completely unplayable(at least for me) due to some kind of bug. And the best part is that none of the ""solutions"" listed works.This game was working ok up to a month ago even though I refrained from reviewing(as I was waiting for more cool stuff to give it a positive review) it but alas, after this update I gotta give it a big THUMB DOWN.Inept, lazy and greedy developer and publisher.Stay away from this dumpster fire. Capcom don't deserve your money.Give them to developers who care. Like the guys from ArcSysWorks with Guilty Gear, Namco's Tekken or Skullgirls."
,Recommended,310950,29217079,Posted: 12 January,all,Dem gamez,"As an RPG nerd this game scratches my occasional online fighter itch. I'd recommend only if it's on sale, you have a controller, and you don't care about playing the characters in the dlc packs. All of those conditions were met for me so I'm happy with my purchase."
76561198010612160,Recommended,310950,29140714,Posted: 9 January,all,Bjørn,"This is a big finally for me in story mode. It's good, but not good enough. fresh and nicer than before. More combos and stage finish...Overal score 6 of 10."
,Not Recommended,310950,24351731,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,LoneScopez,Don't buy this early access game.
,Not Recommended,310950,25656257,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,D E S K M E N U,installed a rootkit gg capcom
,Not Recommended,310950,23311901,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Bravo,"Right now, Street Fighter V is an incomplete game.It has a meager roster of characters, and the talks of bringing one new character to the roster every month, is turning out to be untrue.It has no real arcade mode, and I don't really know about the ""story"" mode, but I've heard it's very barebones. What's more, there's supposed to be a story mode patch coming in the future (when??), so there's that too.The online multiplayer matchmaking can only be described as frustrating. Huge differences in BP (SFV MMR) is common every game, and you'll often experience stuttering and lag, even with the highest connection quality search criteria on.Couple it with the abnormally high input latency, and you've got a frustrating experience if you try to have some competitive fun.One other thing: The game does not value the player's time. The transition/loading screens are obnoxiously long and just adds to the frustration.Capcom shot themselves in the foot by releasing SFV too early, and who even knows if they're scrambling to set things right; They hardly communicate with the player community.I recommend not buying Street Fighter V as it is, right now. Wait until maybe Q2 2017 and see if the situation has improved. I just feel bad for the poor sods who purchased the season pass."
,Not Recommended,310950,21261228,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,x2Madda,"I just can't stand playing this game, its almost unplayable in its current state.Normally a review should be witty or in-depth, preferaby both but you cant connect to a friend because lobbies don't work was the straw that made me give up on even reviewing this game!I want to be funny and make jokes about this all but I was hyped for this game and its just...I mean what is single player? Thats not even me being sarcastic. Story mode is 3 fights, there is no arcade mode/ladder and survival is both broken AI and if you lose connection to capcom's server, your survival runimmediatelyends and its back to the beginning for you.So that leaves online which is just atrocious! People with ants in their pants jumping around the screen all day. Okay, beat them, whats next? ♥♥♥♥ing turtle players? Okay whats after that? Footsies into massive combos, its like I'm not playing street fighter I'm playing farmville and just grinding out match after match in a slugfest! I don't fight dynamic, interesting players who beat me or who i beat in ways that give me that one more round appeal that we have come to love in other fighting games.Instead there is no difference between Pablojumpallmatch161 and Sanchezjumpupgetdown. I know the cast is small but jesus christ do you people even want to win or just hold up on an arcade stick all day? Anti-air exists you know and I am going to use it against you, often.Then again I should stop complaining and enjoy the free wins because it only gets worse.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEscAR2YCIE&feature=youtu.beIf you absolutely must play this game then wait a week, a month, a year! Until you hear some news about a patch that sprinkles the magic dust that makes this good.This is as bad as MKX but at least that game launched feature complete.Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/grumpyreviews"
,Recommended,310950,32940552,Posted: 28 June,all,BoOobis,"The game has got a lot better sense launch, netcodes better now, more characters, stages, skins, and content. Worth it now!"
,Not Recommended,310950,23561224,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Ender424,"Disclaimer: I returned this game after playing 3 hours due to my PC not being able to run it correctly however I am glad I did and repurchased on console for a quarter of the price used.  3 hours was more than enough time to get the most out of what this game offers.  I do not recommend for $60.The mechanics are fun and that alone is worth about $15-$30 depending on how generous you are feeling.  However outside of that there is no value in this game to purchase for more than that, even with the upcoming improved story mode.   I am basing this price in comparison to other modern fighting games such as Guilty Gear Xrd, Mortal Kombat X, even the previous Street Fighter IV had more to offer than SFV.  Capcom used to raise the bar of the fighting game genre but sadly SFV takes several steps back in terms of presentation and content."
76561198034823272,Not Recommended,310950,21311397,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,dragonskiz,Dissapointed that i'm only able to play 1 player on my X-ARCADE tankstick.  The stick has controls for both 1 & 2 players but the keyboard only maps buttons for player 1.  Player 2 should have buttons mapped on the same keyboard.   So currently there is no way to play 2 player versus on my home Arcade cabinet. Multiplayer takes 5-8 minutes to find a battle at times.  Other than that I think the game is good.
,Not Recommended,310950,21350766,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Yehspuhr,"Game is barely working. Takes forever to find an opponent and if the match does not disconnect you get message that the matchresults cannot be sent to the server. Story mode takes less than an hour to complete. Several features in the game simply says ""coming in march"" when you select them.You do not get to choose a character when you are searching for game, it only allows you to play your preset favourite.No spectator mode. Battle lobbies can hold max 1 private slot players and you actually have to change the setting to ""allow character selection"" every single time you start a lobby. But why would you start lobby? I will disconnect in 10 minutes or so.The core mechanics of the game are OK, but all the problems with actually getting to play against someone just makes it so ""not fun"".Capcom should be ashamed for this."
,Not Recommended,310950,21394459,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Durden4649,"Missed your chance to play the closed Street Fighter V beta because you didn't pre-order the game? That's alright, because for $59.99, you too can join the Street Fighter V beta! Help Capcom figure out how to implement better netcode, and report bugs, just like an actual salaried game tester! Why expect a finished product at launch when you can pay FULL PRICE for the experience of helping a major developer complete their product post-launch? Why settle for Street Fighter V being a fighting game when it can also double up as a game development simulator! Get your digital copy today!"
,Recommended,310950,34547876,Posted: 28 August,all,Shadowdevo,"If you find a character you love to play with, you can get good with them. Takes a lot of played games and the understanding of basic concepts before you can play the game with a sense of competency. When I say basics I mean that you - as a player - should know what a frame trap is, should know what a meaty is, and understand what frame data is and how to use it to your advantage when learning about your character and matchups versus other characters. If you do not understand these three things, other players that do will use them against you and it will feel like you are in the dark (because you are) and can't get any better.Once you have learned these concepts, you will begin to understand how it is a give and take relationship. If you can use this information and do these things to your opponent, they can do them right back. If you have a situation where only one person in a match has knowledge of one or multiple of these things, the player that lacks the knowledge is at a severe disadvantage and will hinder their progress.Besides the technical stuff, there is also fundamental gameplay strategies and mechanical execution that need to be constantly trained during matches and/or in training mode. A combination of all of this stuff will lead you to the progress you seek. Most importantly of all though is the sheer amount of games you need to play in order to learn the matchups and be exposed to all types of gameplay styles and strategies.The biggest issue with SFV is the netcode and matchmaking system. It's not crazy to expect ""5"" bar connections to be worse than 1 bar connections. Often you will get matched against people out of country or VERY far away from you and the game will claim that it is a ""5"" bar or ""4"" bar connection when it is obviously not. This is a problem with the matchmaking system and seems to have gotten worse since the NEW CFN was released. Also, the netcode could use some work. After watching a talk about GGPO and how they deal with rollback and ""The Rift"", it is clear SFV netcode does nothing about this Rift. This causes a lot of 1 sided rollback in most cases (where one player will have about 1-2 frames of rollback while the other has double or triple that amount). Capcom has even bought a license for GGPO in the past but is not using it or a similar structure for SFV's netcode at the moment. GGPO eliminates this one sidedness by evenly distributing the frames of rollback to each player.TL;DR - Fun game if you find a character you really like playing. If you want to get good, then learn about frame traps, meaties, and frame data. On top of that make sure to practice fundamental strategies (like anti airs and footsies) and use training mode to practice your character's setups. Also # of games = improved ability over time due to experience with matchups and other people's strategies. Finally, Capcom needs to fix their matchmaking system and improve their netcode!"
76561197972572317,Not Recommended,310950,21255314,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,youngtuna,"+ You can play offline with friends.+ It's a good, fun game in terms of gameplay.- Abysmal support for sticks/pads.- Can't play against friends online because lobbys don't work.- Ranked/Casual online play is worse than in previous betas. Been ""searching for opponents"" for 5 hours and got 5 games.- Even if lobbys would work, you can't invite your friends from Steam like in other games."
,Not Recommended,310950,21367146,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,VuUuUUUuuuuU,5 of the 6hrs of my game time where in training mode b/c capcom can't keep their servers up.
,Not Recommended,310950,21350210,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Detrial,Can't start the game. Framerate -2.11/10 would refund again.
,Recommended,310950,29103859,Posted: 7 January,all,The Discomancer,"If you are a Street Fighter fan you will most likely like this, the core gameplay is good, charcaters are easier to learn compared to SF 4 and the current charcater roster is diverse enough for every sort player. If you're a casual player and just want to play vs the computer this is probably not for you just get SF4 instead if you want that. The story mode is there sure but currently there is no arcade mode just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ surivial mode that's likely more to frustrate you rather than provide a source of entertainment. Capcom is as usual is super greedy and finds a way to milk the game as much as possible with super expensive ""season passes"" which is basically an excuse no to do the whole ""Super duper mega ultra with mustard on top V2421 Hyper Swagger"" edition thing again. Also be warned if you purchase the season pass you DO NOT get the extra stages and you not get all the character costumes just a few of them,  you need to purchase them individually with Fight Money or real cash. Also it can take a crapload of time to find someone with a decent enough connection to play the game with. Despite it's faults like I wrote earlier the core gameplay is solid and is definitely worth getting but only if you like SF. The game still needs work and it has the potential to improove just make sure you think things through if you want to get this. 8/10 and i'm being generous cuse' i like the game."
,Recommended,310950,27359890,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GraL9uk,"Awesome game, great gameplay and additional content. HIGHLY recommended for any fighting game fans"
76561198128285760,Not Recommended,310950,25677140,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,JimSam,"I refrained myself from reviewing this game since its launch. There wasn't anything new i could have added that wasn't already expressed by many other users here so I felt I don't have much to contribute. I waited for months until more updates came out so I could probably give it a more fair review with a more clear mind.Yes the core gameplay is really fun. Yes the netcode is attrocious. yes the launch was botched and many basic features like d-input support are still missing. But there was fun to be found in the game at times. I enjoyed the game as much as I could but still feeling a bit underwhelmed.And imagined that, I was not only hyped for the game before launch but was hyping it to friends in the hopes that it will be a great game to enjoy together.Well not exactly.But I was actually waiting with much anticipation and excitement the new updates where we get many new modes and features and a much desired VS CPU option! Some hope finally started to build up again.Unfortunately with the latest rootkit debacle I felt it was the last straw for me. Never felt so much dissapointed with a SF game. Yes fortunately it's safe now, with the latest patch  but I have unintalled the game for the time being untl everything is sorted out for sure.It seems that Capcom makes very reckless decisions and knee-jerk reactions and focuses too much on their dlc plans (which in my humble opinion would have worked much better if they delivered a more polished product so fans would be more than happy to keep supporting the devs. I was actually thinking of buying the season pass as well before this horrible update happened, now I am not so sure)Perhaps after some time I might get back to it, sooner than expected, perhaps not. Because I do love Street Fighter since the early days when SFII first came to arcades and I wanted this game to succeed. I might give it another chance at some point.So this game doesn't get a bad vote from me only because it's ""a bad game"" but judging by its legacy it could have been something much more than this mess."
,Not Recommended,310950,25658685,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,smitty werbenjagermanjensen,"RECENT UPDATE INSTALLS A TOOLKITGG CAPCOM BEST COMPANY 500 2016Played the game for a total of 60 Hours. Funny thing is that the actual play time was around 20 hrs. The loading takes forever as the game tries to communicate with its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers.Brought the game for $60?There is no way in hell you can grind enough to get all the ""dlc""characters that were released.Game is as slow as CONSTIPATED♥♥♥♥♥♥. You will spend 1/4 of your game waiting.Even going from an online match back to training takes foreverThe fps will drop harder than any mixtape in existence. No matter how hard I played with the settings, the game's frame rate will always fall. Even a hadouken in trials mode will send your NVidia Titan from 60fps to 45.As stated already by other reviewers, go play any of these other wonderful fighters:GUILTY GEARBLAZBLUESKULLGIRLSANY OTHER STREET FIGTERSetc.I’m sure you will get more out of your money for them than this game ever will."
76561198006574202,Not Recommended,310950,25678020,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,GentleSnow,"Game released buggy and lacking many basic features you'd expect in a modern fighting game.  Had a terrible grind just to unlock costume colors, not even new costumes.  Eight frames of input lag built in. Finally, Capcom attempted to hack Steam version players' operating systems in Sept 2016.  Uninstalled.  In other news, it's a great time for fighting games.  While Street Fighter is the best-known franchise, do yourself a favor and check out the many, better (IMO) fighting games out there, that care more about quality and their customers."
,Not Recommended,310950,21287594,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Jasuchin,"I had a positive review up before, but the more I thought about how we've been basically given the bare minimum, the more it just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Sure the gameplay is as solid and fun as ever, the problem is that there is hardly any of it. No arcade mode, no VS bots, both things provided by literally every fighting game worth a damn in the past decade. On top of that, the servers are crap, making online play impossible, and any controller that doesn't identify as an Xbox controller is next to useless. Basically unless you have some friends nearby and a couple of good Xbox controllers, you are♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck with this game."
76561198138963377,Not Recommended,310950,21261121,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Pikakuma,This is not a complete product and should not have been released. I can't connect at all.
,Not Recommended,310950,23212907,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,tinsan2,"I can't reccomend this game to my friends or anyone else because it's so unfinished. I bought two arcade sticks because I was so excited, but that ended up being problematic because the game doesn't support the controllers built for it. The current in game unlockables are unfair. The wait times are unreasonable. The story is uninspired. Get used to seeing ""Unexpected Error"" or ""Fatal Error"". There's too much wrong with Street fighter 5.BTW- I will NEVER NEVER buy any characters. I paid full price for the game but didn't get the full game? Trash.I really had hoped to enjoy it more than this.I wish I could get my money back.Update: Even over a year after release and after multiple updates and changes, this is still one of the worst games I've ever bought. Only 97,000 more fight money until the next character....."
,Not Recommended,310950,35180878,Posted: 24 September,all,Naconabu,Long time Street Fighter fans since SF2 here. Heartbroken everytime I launch the game. Bad gameplay mechanics that rewards guess game more than skillset. Simple and boring combo. Lots of loading in between matches makes you wait more than actually play the game itself. Rate it 1 out of 10 from me. Unreasonable DLC characters choice. I wonder what the dev team was thinking. It is completely nonsense!
,Not Recommended,310950,25660780,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,robotdowneyjr,literally malware
,Recommended,310950,23346179,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,TMQQ,"I was nervous when buying this game because of its cost and the fact that the reviews I saw from the community were mostly negative and complained about the game. However, the reviews that were negative were given by the community, but companies like IGN were still giving this game good reviews. So if anyone is thinking of buying this game I will break down the pros and cons of this game at its current state.First off, I have had this game for a while now and it is one of my faveorite games. Street fighter 5, in its current state, shows few signs of an unfinished game. The training mode is better than ever before in a fighting game, and the online play is smooth and in my experience has not taken over 3 minutes to find a match. (when searching for good-the best connections) Survival on hard and hell mode are both very hard, but that isn't a bad thing in my perspective.  The colors that are unlocked by beating hard mode should be seen as a prestigious reward, which you can show off in online mode.The main complaint from the community is that the game lacks a classic arcade mode. Capcom decided to direct the game towards a more competitive audience, and decided to leave out an arcade mode to be able to release the game earlier. However, the upcoming update which will include a character and additional story content is coming soon, which will add more depth to the current story mode and give the casual players something more their style. All of the core components of an arcade mode are there, capcom just decided to leave it out. This means that it is possible for them to release a classic arcade mode in the future. The amount of characters is also something that is commonly complained about. Because capcom designed the game to be competitive, a low character roster is ideal so that the characters are all balanced, and there is no clear top tier character. That being said, the characters are all unique and fun to play, while keeping all matchups fairly balanced so that the better player will always come out on top.This game is definitely worth the money, and I can see this game being one of my faveorites for a long time."
76561197993407356,Not Recommended,310950,21376719,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Captain Camper,"This game is terrible. Not only are the servers constantly going down, not only can you not invite your friends into a match because the game fails to connect, but the game is just another thinly disguised Street Fighter 2 with a few new moves. No evolution of the genre whatsoever - same game as always."
76561197990703709,Not Recommended,310950,21421773,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Threadz,"Game is fun.  Mechanics are more dumbed down than I'd prefer and characters have less moves overall.  That being said, this game is not worth $60.  It is worth MAYBE half of that.Online play, is a HIT or MISS.  Good connection, or completely unplayable.  The lag will make opponents literally teleport around, which is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a fighting game.   Half of the opponents you beat simply quit after losing.  There is NO pentaly for that.The shop is locked until march.  The challenges are locked as well.  Playing story mode and winning fights will earn you in game money.... But there is no place to spend said money. Why the hell release a game and lock THE SHOP?There is no ""versus"" vs computers.  Literally have to go play story mode or survival if you want to practice in a semi-realistic setting.   BTW story mode is only 3 or 4 fights vs the same characters every time.The only real positive part is the option to que up for online ranked/casual matches while playing in story/training/survival.  Not that it matters since opponents are going to teleport or DC when match is over.Game feels unfinshed as a whole.  Not worth."
76561198098316170,Not Recommended,310950,21421987,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Hot Local Farmers,"Capcom pushed this game early because their fiscal year is getting close, I mean four betas , FOUR! and they couldn't get this right.Also they just admitted -23Feb- the online is busted (lag even if playing against local people with 100mb and that ofc after waiting for 10-20 mins searching) for many people in EU and Middle East,The game looks,sounds, and plays perfectly but you can't really enjoy it because it covered with with so much garbage like being very thin on content and the messed up online.I'm sure it will get better in time(hope so!) but for me it's straight up unplayable , I mean all my playtime is basically searching for a game."
,Not Recommended,310950,21359048,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,SaltyDude,"[EDIT]Yeah, no... This game can still go ♥♥♥♥ itself.Buy Tekken 7, King of Fighters XIV, Guilty Gear Xrd. Literally get any other fighting game on Steam. It'll be worth your money, compared to this hot garbage."
,Not Recommended,310950,21331333,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,tony hawk pro sniper,"Garbage controller and keyboard support, I'm not playing until it gets updated"
,Recommended,310950,25587254,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Mahou,"190 hours on 1 character.... still have about 3 more characters I definitely want to learn.People complain about replay value.  If you are an online warrior, or have friends that like it, get it.  If you only ever play story mode dont.To me if you think about the dollar per hour value, 6 months since release and I've got 190 and play almost every day.  Even if I stopped now thats .30 cents per hour. Definitely worth it!"
76561198135225719,Not Recommended,310950,21340959,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,White,"Refunded my purchase, at least until they add proper controller support"
,Not Recommended,310950,23644437,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Darkshaunz,"Ultimately, a game like Street Fighter is defined by its online experience. Which is unfortunate, because the netcode is absolutely woeful and the community is filled with either ragequitters, or people so good at the game that they can beat you ceaselessly without you ever landing a hit on them. Unless you have a circle of friends playing in a lobby with you, of similar skill, the matchmaking system will demoralize you very quickly. You only need to see the average peak players of this title on Steam, and you'll see what I mean.I was going to say that this could have been offset by its single-player experience. Delay after delay, we've yet to see the content delivered. Even with the addition of two new characters, the title still feels half-baked out of the Crapcom oven. If you're looking for a pretty-looking game with a fighting system based on a mish-mash of previous SF combat systems, you're going to do okay with the title. Where SFV shines is certainly in the graphics department, and the very rare occurrence of having a totally lag-free battle.Capcom didn't release a full game after all their promises, and the table scraps on offer leaves a lot to be desired. SFV is only worth looking at if it goes on sale for 50% off, but don't pay full price for the experience."
76561197963058683,Not Recommended,310950,21379908,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,<§> l @nw@r,"Not worth the money, Rank match making system mess up, put you against higher player which it shouldnt do, it should only put you againt same level.Game missing key Features, lack of content, Less Playable charactersMissing PC options, cant turn of VSyncLack of controller support"
,Recommended,310950,21271219,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Tyler,"Most people upset are bandwagoning/not well informed on how this game was going to be released. Read the top ""positive"" review for more information. I've only played 8 hours so far but plan to play much more. When the game network is up and running properly, the game plays great. The netcode is solid. I have a lot of fun, which is the whole point of playing a video game in the first place. Although, I am getting tired of game releases that are half finished, and quite displeased that it's becoming the standard.Personally, I think $60 is a bit steep for the game in current state. Many months of free content is promised to be released, so use your own judgment to determine whether or not it's worth it. This game will continue to improve over the months and potentially years to come. Although the release was weak, I believe it overall deserves strong community support to continue improvement and success for a new generation of Street Fighter.I have a lot of fun with this game and I'm sure a lot of you will, too. Stick compatibility and game modes will be addressed eventually along with many months of (free) DLC, and potentially more. The game will constantly improve. Keep an eye on it if you're interested but don't want to buy it just yet."
76561198041688740,Not Recommended,310950,25652285,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Pikachu [Kanto],Capcom released a game in early beta and continued to destroy it from there.
76561198031969338,Not Recommended,310950,21293553,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,LittleScumbag,"Purches the game after the free updates and patches are released. ATM unplayable for me at least!Capcom will surelly adress those isues but some time will have to pass ! I dont doubt that this will become a beautifull game with time, even sooner than june this year but at the moment game is unplayable, and i dont recomend it because i want new players to expirience Street Fighter in his full glory, and not like this!Willing to change the review once things are fixed !"
76561198165179059,Not Recommended,310950,23601679,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,HorridHumper,"You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain."
,Not Recommended,310950,22980952,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,chappey,"The game can be fun, if you can get it to work. The entire infrastructure around it is occasionally only somewhat-functional. The servers are frequently wonky, the matchmaking feels random (often pitting you against players that are thousands of points ahead or behind you), and the stats-recording and basic messaging and community functions non-existent. Capcom has not acknowledged, much less pledged to make basic things right.Enough is enough, Capcom has abused the goodwill of it's fans for decades and, in my opnion, this is where it deserves to die. The artists, musicians, and designers that made this game will get new jobs (as they should as the game is beautiful and the soundtrack might be the best of any SF game to date). Hopefully the management will not."
76561198174904999,Not Recommended,310950,22978243,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Crayon,"I want a refund. Game runs in slow motion. Had to tinker with GFX setings for an hour before I could run the tutorial, as soonas thats finished. ""CANNOT CONNECT TO SERVER"". The game dosen't work, I think that warrants a refund."
,Not Recommended,310950,21390060,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,madmanmoe,"I really wanted this game to be fun. I really wanted this game to succeed. I really wanted to have fun playing online with this game...but this game fails on so many levels.- No Arcade- Online play is buggy at best, connections never go through at worst- Story mode is so...shallow! There is no joy or even getting to know the characters.I actually got trolled by the game several times where it tells me I'm connected to fight...then drops me off. WTH Capcom?"
,Not Recommended,310950,25656298,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ThatFreakingCat,Do not buy this game until they come up with a better anti-cheat solution than installing a rootkit on your computer.
76561198043984442,Not Recommended,310950,25701604,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Mrchuckquizmo,"This game installs a rootkit on your device in the latest update. It has since been rolledback, but I have uninstalled the game anyway and plan to stay far away from Capcom products in the future and I urge you to do the same."
,Not Recommended,310950,25658051,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,karahug,yay for $60 rootkit
76561198038317862,Not Recommended,310950,23175698,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Space Ghost,"Like many players I grew up on Street Fighter. The characters, the music and the world Capcom had built all those years ago at arcades captured my attention and hasn't let go. It's always been fun finding out how best to utilize your character and kick the butts of Ken players around the world.On a serious note, I'm put off by the business model of Street Fighter 5 and how Capcom handled its launch. It's a 60$ retail game with microtransations on the way next month. That may not seem bad as currently there are 2 DLC characters available for free, sounds good right? Well in June Alex and Guile will be gated off by a paywall along with 4 other characters for an as of yet undetermined price. Now, you could acquire these characters with in game money but that requires you to spend hours grinding through survival mode which is always a blast /s. If Street Fighter 5 was free to play I could understand the decision to hold characters for ransom. But it costs SIXTY FREAKIN' DOLLARS to play this game!!I'm frustrated because I want to love SF5, but this experience leaves me disappointed and cautious of purchasing another Capcom product. Even when the TURBO DELUXE HYPER ULTRA ARCADE CAMMYS SWIMSUIT EDITION comes out I will stay away from this product. There should be no video game with an upfront 60$ retail price that asks you pay more to get the full experience."
,Not Recommended,310950,21262035,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Punished Kong,"Worst game I have bought on steam, I was really looking forward to this game for months but feel like I was♥♥♥♥♥♥on by capcom with a ridiculous overpriced 1/4 finished game which should not have been released in the state that it is in.The state being that the majority of the game modes don't work, random network disconnects happen all the time which stop you from being able to do anything, zero content is included in the game (no arcade mode and story mode is a joke) and features in the game which dont even work at all.I cant even get a refund due to me going past the playtime limit of two hours which in my opinion is not enough time to test and try out a new game out for the first time. It took me like forty minutes alone to for the network to work and like another thirty minutes before you can actually find a ♥♥♥♥ing match.They say they are going to be releasing new content every month which will most likely come with patches and updates to the game but we shouldnt have to wait months before a game is actually playable."
76561197960281570,Recommended,310950,28744211,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Combat Gorge,"This is another slightly rushed review for the sake of the Steam Winter sale. Street Fighter V is a solid fighting game, that is all I can really say about it. I've read a lot about Capcom's poor servers and some difficulty in match making, and they are probably right, haven't experienced it yet though. Since I've only just completed the mini character stories, completed most of the  story mode, and fought once online just to see how things were I can't say I am qualified to give a in depth review. Visually I like the artistic style of the game, it looks good. The fighting itself is what you would expect from a Street Fighter game without any damning problems.However for the full non-sale price, I can't recommend unless you really enjoy fighting others online and plan to get your money's worth in online bouts. This is of course is coming from someone who doesn't really pick up a lot of fighting games, so take my opinion with a grain of salt.So in summary from a casual fighting game dude, pick it up if it's on sale, if it's not, just save your money for something you are really interested in."
,Recommended,310950,23881113,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,"Hogman, The Intruder","People have a right to be upset with the state of the game WHEN it launched...The main problem was that it was lacking in A LOT of content, and honestly even I (who is a huge fan of the franchise) could not stomach the AAA price point when it was released. And to make matters worse, MOST people didn't even know that the game was going to be so bare bones at launch, only for content to be regularly patched in over the next coming months. Thusly creating a whirling dervish of negative reviews and passionate fans that felt cheated by the very thing they loved most... Street Fighter.But that was then... and this is today. The current state of the game is amazing and only getting better. Match making isn't perfect... but it's MUCH better than it used to be, and the roster is solid as hell and only growing month by month...I can not stress this enough... this is THE BEST. THE TOP TIER FIGHTING GAME OUT THERE. PERIOD. The amount of depth to the game is mindblowing... and I have completely lost any spare time to constantly thinking about moves, techniques and tactics every single day... and I'm only practicing with ONE character.If you love fighting games... get this now... and welcome. If you're on the fence... then hell just buy it, try it out, see how it feels... if you dont like it, you can always return it within 2 hours of play time or a couple of weeks (which ever comes first as per Steams refund policy).The game is in a GREAT state right now, and only getting better, and the community surrounding the game and professional scene is sensational.Don't get me wrong... there IS stuff to complain about still, I understand this. BUT, there is no way that this game's current few short comings over shadow how fantastic and deep a fighting game this is.Whiners and much of the negativity surrounding the game is really no longer justified. Grow the ♥♥♥♥ up, and enjoy the fantastic game that is Street Fighter V. See you online <3"
76561198034271786,Recommended,310950,24105793,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SMBF Wizzard,"SFV had its issues at launch, but it's really starting to shape up into a good game so try not to let the high percentage of people not recommending it disuade you too much. It's still not perfect, but I am personally having a lot of fun with it and would recommend it to any fan of fighting games."
,Recommended,310950,23968033,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Wanderer,Best Fighting Game out there.
76561198048426334,Not Recommended,310950,23677624,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Clamper,Pros-Good graphics-The core gameplay has potential to be good after some tweaks and patchesCons- They've added 8f of input delay which greatly affects the game to improve online but even so the netcode and matchmaking are gutter trash.- Capcom can't keep up with their own schedule of DLC releases.- Dumbed down mechanics and combos compared to older SF games dont let too much room for competitive players to distinguish themselves.
76561198018507752,Not Recommended,310950,23278149,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,the freshmaker,Shimmy Fighter V: Button Mash Edition
,Not Recommended,310950,24455013,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,R. Ruffian,"Five months in - developer still hasn't addressed a single PC-related problem. Moreover, there hasn't been a single improvement to the PC version since the first beta test. Also, don't bother playing online if you live anywhere but in North / South America, Western Europe or Japan. I still get faster matchmaking in USF4 with less than a quater of SFV's playerbase. Singleplayer content is basically non-existent.I wish I could elaborate on gameplay qualities of this title, but it doesn't matter how fun it is to play a game if you barely get to play it.List of technical problems this game has:-Constant freezes on Windows 7 x64, even though this OS is listed in system requirements;-There's no way to remap keyboard, a feature that was available in vanilla SF4 day one;-Horrible optimization, the game looks terrible on low settings. Also, I doubt that Unreal Engine 4 was the best choice for Street Fighter's cartoon art style (check Ken's face and most character's hair for reference).Edit: added list of tec. issues"
76561198028363418,Not Recommended,310950,23275400,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Zero the Intoner,"The core game is great.BUT!!It has poor optimization and a stupid input delay that Capcom deliberatly put in. Why? Your guess is as good as mine. Is it so online and offline both will be equally laggy? Who knows...EDITFor som reason the game has now decided that I'm not alowed to play Juri, it says that she is unlocked in the store but instead of her name it is just the files ID number.EDITWell, now all characters are in the game and working but D-Input is still absent. A PS4 port of a game that does not support PS4 controllers even 9 mounths after release, Jesus...."
,Recommended,310950,21587632,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Potion Seller,"While a lot of the features are missing or not working to their fullest extent, the core gameplay is extremely solid. Capcom was pretty transparent with their plans for why they released the game like they did, but most people did not see Capcom's statements. Awesome game that will only get better, but they could have done a better job communicating to the casual crowd."
,Not Recommended,310950,23748030,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,kim jong skillz,"pros:♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ despite Mika nerf-muscle spirit-Alpha counters, V-skill, etc.-you can rematch for best 2 out of 3-finding a match is relatively quick-better netcode, which you still never fixed for USF4 but it's a bit late since you euthanized that game-no $15 DLC costumes that looked ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (search Street Fighter 4 costume in Steam store)-better UI, some decent soundtrack, better graphics (kind of but not really. the stages look good?)-some characters are funny, the rest are bland, stupid, boring (Necalli, Charlie, Birdie, I was so hyped for Charlie and they made him into some dumbass emo nerd??? that's cool. Birdie is also a fat retard for some reason)-crush counter system which is the only thing that adds combo variety besides V-triggers-anti-air and mid-air buttons feel a lot better-tiers have less meaning; there are good Lauras and bad Mikas. let's just pretend Zangief doesn't existcons:-NO COMBOS, all the anti-wakeup options have been simplified into 50/50s for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-game's not even finished, 16 characters? lol. four-level story mode? lol. no arcade mode? lol. no trials on release? lol. 2-player lobbies on release? lol. lol-CENSORING AFTER GAME RELEASE?? LOL-way too slow-paced, removing hit confirms = you must play patiently or randomly. VERY ANNOYING WHEN YOU DON'T HAVE FIREBALLS. what do I do against crouching Ryu when my buttons are negative on block??? nothing!!!!! hehe-same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ art style from SF4 that looks like garbage♥♥♥♥♥♥ next-gen graphics downgrade? lol. anyone seen Ken's hair or Karin's face??? NEXT-GEN STUFF-two interactive stages!! wow two!??? neat!!!!!!!!! cool. glad it was a selling point-no voice chat? why not-can't skip annoying points counting after ranked match, love to wait. I love waiting!!!-English voices are God awful as usual-you said find 5 bars only??? well here's a two bar player from Greece. you should give your points to silvers anyway-why do I have to choose one character to play? where is the character select for ranked-takes ♥♥♥♥ing forever to get Fighter Points-can't get costume colors because the broken♥♥♥♥♥♥AI has one-frame reactions that eat half your life bar. literally every CPU after round 30 will instant jump right after my command throw input is active. LOL! nice cool. ah I threw ONE random jab? I deserved that heavy uppercut. keep crouch blocking. I'll just use my focus attack to- oh yea. oops!!!!!-where are the taunts??? where. are. the. taunts-""update will be available in March"" ah. must be March 15 or so. ""naw ♥♥♥♥♥ March 31st lol"" ah. take your time. please take a whole month on one character. just relax for 3 weeks and then get to workingit's so UNREWARDING. this game plays like a very polished greenlight game. every easy win = boring, every difficult win = unsatisfied. why? no combos + random/turtle playstyle = great, I gotta play another round of ""wait for the fireball."" in USF4, the combo variety let you disrespect your [bad] opponent in so many ways. the variety also keeps your opponent guessing: he has two bars, he can FADC, should I block high, low, crouch-tech, do my own uppercut FADC? wakeup throw? backdash?whereas in SFV: I'll just block high or low and crouch-tech 50 times. I could also uppercut and risk half my life bar and stun or wakeup throw and risk half my life bar and stun. maybe he'll do some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Necalli roundhouse mixup that's more ambiguous than colorblind TwisterI'm glad I paid $60 for an unfinished, greenlit party game stripped of what made everything good about USF4/SSF4. if you're a casual and you love Smash Bros. and you hate getting diaper rashes, this game is perfect for you*Jackie Chan voice* bad game bad game bad game!!!Edit: the game blue-screens your ♥♥♥♥ing computer. LOL"
76561198002588173,Not Recommended,310950,21261920,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Mr. E,"Absolutely the most barebone Street Fighter game up till now.- No arcade mode- No Trial Mode- Story mode is a joke, 4 single matches with some still imagesI did not get the online part to work, so I cannot comment on that.Stay away from Street fighter 5 in its current state!"
,Not Recommended,310950,21957837,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,██╚Ä3§{,The amount of times you will see the number 400002 will make you want to die.
76561198045047043,Not Recommended,310950,22906821,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,snkkennyv,"Limited story mode? OK. Limited features? OK. Focus mainly on competitiveness? OK. Then what the hell is with that horrible online ranked match mode? 75% of the time it lags, ending up guessing/spamming moves. It kills the fun and the competitiveness. Maybe limit matchmatching w/in region or be able to select who you want to rank match against? SF4 has that so why goin back to square one? I'm sure you know why Capcom. Cut that♥♥♥♥♥♥out. Battle lounge is fine, no complain there.Fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ASAP Capcom! It's pointless playing this game at this time since most of the time it lags...the♥♥♥♥♥♥outweighs the fun."
76561198115022363,Not Recommended,310950,21261564,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,markg,This game should have been half the price and early access.
76561198038097988,Not Recommended,310950,29509970,Posted: 26 January,all,Mr. Cuddlesworth,"Unplayable online . Virgin Media 200 mbps connection in London , every game I find is extremely laggy ( PC) , wether I select pc or both platforms , it changes nothing . Capcom will never fix this , as they have done with their previous title ( sf4 ) in all versions ( ssf 4 ae , usf 4 ). Preordered this , was great during beta , but they managed to ruin it after release and haven't done anything towards fixing it. Very disappointed.Do not buy this game unless you want to play it offline or with your friends on the same machine."
76561198049588722,Recommended,310950,24061551,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LordWilliam1234,"If you are a fan of fighting games, this is definitely one to check out; the fighting system is excellent and well-balanced as a whole, with every character feeling unique and fun in their own way. And you can earn all current and future DLC for free in-game, as a sort of reward for continuing to play it (excluding premium costumes, the only DLC that you can't get in-game).If you're looking for a more casual experience, you may want to look elsewhere at the moment. While the new Cinematic Story is quite good and fun to go through, it's lacking in an expansive single-player experience compared to other titles out there.In either case, I recommend the game if you like fighting games. I don't recommend getting the Season Pass though; with how you can earn everything in the game itself, the price isn't really worth it, unless you really want premium costumes for the 6 characters it gets you."
76561198262646054,Not Recommended,310950,21547647,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,23DUNK,Street Fighter V is definitely my worst experience with a Capcom game. A rushed piece of work that provides terrible and broken online experience with limited offline modes to avid SF fans. You wouldn't want to buy this game until Capcom has sorted everything out. The price tag at launch is definitely not worth it. Purchase now at your own risk.
,Not Recommended,310950,34739221,Posted: 4 September,all,Dauntless3788,"TLDR: While it has the same classic gameplay as original Street Fighter titles, the lack of content is inexcusable.I played Street Fighter IV back when it first came out quite a bit and while I was never very good I still had fun playing it. The stylized graphics and soundtrack were both high points and it had very solid gameplay. Now comes Street Fighter V which has almost identical features so one should reason that its at least as good, right? Wrong.The game is a carbon copy of Street Fighter IV with a few exceptions. The storyline mode is a DLC which, if you have to wait to download instead of it just downloading with the rest of the game. This may not be that bad, generally just requiring some patience, but it is annoying. On the other hand, the lack of playable characters in the start is the heaviest weight attatched to this game. You get a few characters which come standard, but then there are a whole host of characters which you must purchase seperately. This wouldn't be too bad if it was a couple of special characters but this is used with almost half of the characters including some high-profile main characters like Guile, and Balrog. As if this wasn't bad enough there are also stages which must be purchased as well. There are a total of 22 stages and half of these are a DLC purchase.If you have the disposable income to spend to unlock half of a game which you must pay a full $40.00 (USD) for at the beginning anway and are a massive Street Fighter fan, then go for it. Otherwise I would ignore this and just get the last version of Street Fighter IV."
76561198008597991,Recommended,310950,28337336,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Jules Winnfield,Sorry guys. if you have a fightstick that doesnt work installhttp://www.x360ce.com/in the game dir
76561197975080743,Not Recommended,310950,21272489,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,[HZ] DeerSlayer,very little single player.
76561197987789241,Not Recommended,310950,21261766,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,YGfamily510,"I wasn't able to matchmake for two days.There was really nothing to do offline, and I ended up just requesting a refund."
,Recommended,310950,23977890,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,masonbxd,Finally they came out with some content for the game. Now I can recommend it as the fun a fluid fighting game it is. But prior it was lacking content…
76561198037327357,Recommended,310950,28820357,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,KRiP,"First SF game I have played. I became obsessed with this game. I currently have 70 ranked fights and I have probably won about 8 of them. And that is what keeps me going, I keep trying to learn this game as much as I can. And the taste of victory is so damn sweet that I want to keep playing and keep playing. I bought this game on sale because I straight up did not have the money for full price and I don't think I would ever drop 70 bucks on it, because I know its a risky investment in case you don't like the game. I found that it is really a commitment to want to improve. Singleplayer is there, but it mostly acts as a way to introduce yourself to the characters and playstyles. The multiplayer is really good, IDC what anyone says, I have had 1 bad match due to lag but it wasn't even ranked, I was playing a buddy from New Zealand. I still don't know if I want to get the character pass, because I can really only play 1 character right now anyways so I will just save my fight money to buy one character. You save much more money that way. All in all I r8 7/8 Addicting to me and fun as hell with friends!"
,Not Recommended,310950,21248358,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Hero,"Even putting aside the launch day fiasco, connection errors, trying to finish survival mode with always on DRM and being constantly disconnected, unable to find matches, etc., this game is not worth it's price.""Story"" mode is ridiculous. Each ""story"" lasts 3 fights, the CPU does nothing but face block your attacks and it has the worst artwork I've ever seen.Survival is some artificially implemented replay value? Again the CPU is horrible, but you're forced to grind it to unlock character colors.That's it for single player content. No challenge modes, no meaningful tutorial...I wish Capcom would learn with GG:Xrd.Graphics are OK, nothing outstanding. Lots of clipping issues and it really can't compare to the likes of MKX or GG:Xrd.UI and presentation are really bad.Online seems like a downgrade from SFIV in terms of options. No lobbies, no spectator mode, no championship mode, no filter by region, no bar or ping indicators.The game is far for complete and it's not worth it's price."
,Not Recommended,310950,25655583,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Chish,"I really wanted to give SFV a good review. I really did. But I can't. This game has received some genuinely attrocious support since launch. There are way too many problems that existed in the beta and were reported to Capcom that are still present, and in the meantime Capcom is busy pushing updates that merely add costumes or make the experience even worse.The most recent update is the last straw for me -- Capcom added a kernel-level driver that is extremely suspicious and seems flat-out unsafe. Many PC players can't even run the game anymore. And despite the fact that I can, I am compelled to uninstall it.This isn't how a company should treat their customers.I really hope this game's issues get fixed properly.Edit: the mentioned driver has since been removed. Unfortunately, this game still needs several more fixes before it earns a thumbs-up from me."
76561198054576354,Not Recommended,310950,32447254,Posted: 15 June,all,Daigod,"The game isn't as terrible as at launch after recent updates. However, SFV is a hollow shell of what Street Fighter used to be. Buy USFIV, KOF XIV, Guilty Gear Rev 2 or TEKKEN 7 instead."
,Recommended,310950,33000806,Posted: 29 June,all,MrRiceGuy,"The game itself is nowhere near as bad as people are making it out to be. The core mechanics are tight, and the online works as well as a modern fighting game should. Crossplay is a great feature and solves a huge issue that PC fighting games usually have.THE BIG BUT HERE: The business model is awful, and it can cost upwards of 100$ to get the full package, and it is lacking in single player content, which some players prioritize.That being said, the game is great for those who enjoy online play, and continues to provide a great SF experience."
,Recommended,310950,27522391,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,aldecoa2c,"A solid game for true fighting game fans.  Not a perfect game out the gate, but a platform that will grow for several years.  Watch Capcom Cup December 3 and if you like what you see come aboard."
76561198056152657,Recommended,310950,27839909,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Karr4x,"Of course we all know that the game's launch was a big mess, however, with all the on-going and planned updates, Street Fighter V is definitely a great game. Servers and matchmaking have been improved, hence online is now stable. Furthermore, once you begin to master and main one character among all, it's so much of a pleasure to play against other players across the world."
76561198067927409,Not Recommended,310950,23123667,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Cursedquark,"I preordered this game and after 3 months of being released I can't enjoy playing it. I really wanted to like this game; I have been patient but still trying to play is far from a pleasant experience. I never thought I would regret buying this game.Every other review is just accurate: No settings options to change the keys, most fighting sticks not supported (I have 2 that does not work), endless waits for playing ~90 seconds online (I usually read twitter and facebook while waiting until I do not have more updates and just quit the game) and each 1 of 3 fights will be unplayable due to lag, no arcade mode...And I never seen any other review telling you this but on top of everything there is no car bonus stage. Seriously, I am also absurdly annoyed about that!"
,Not Recommended,310950,22978194,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,MagiCian,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game still having too many connection problems after months. The core gameplay is good but capcom really needs to get their ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥together.
76561198049493720,Not Recommended,310950,23141023,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Biscuitfeet,Game currently does not work. Capcom support has yet to reply. Too many technical issues for me to recommend buying.
,Not Recommended,310950,22974639,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,GRIZZLYBORK,"Once again, Capcom comes out with great core gameplay, a game you really want to play because of how well it plays only to botch literally everything else about it.Do we even need to talk about singleplayer content? Probably not, for 60 dollars it has literally nothing in terms of singleplayer content. I highly doubt much will change with the cinematic free dlc coming in June. Absolutely unacceptable for a 60 dollar game, especially for people who don't play fighting games for the competative aspects.Now the crux and the biggest complaint with this game.This game has some of the worst programming I've ever witnessed. In a game that really requires stable connections and good netcode to even function (like most twitch games), they really dropped the ball. In a world were they easily could have licensed a version of GGPO3 (which works really good with Rising Thunder another 2½D fighting game) but instead opted for their very own netcode. Huge mistake.We left the old delay based netcode and finally entered the rollback based netcode, but in return we get some half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥product that have some of the dumbest decision making ever. They went out of their way to literally let the lag in a game be burdened by the person with the best computer/connection creating what most people by now know as one sided rollback. I dont know what they were thinking but they thought wrong.The netcode suffers from other kinks, like extreme rollback from people that are just the street over which makes literally no sense. This type of rollback has also made it fairly impossible to play with people/friends across continents as you can not set a specific delay and it will just rollback really hard.Its not good.The matchmaking is pretty much not working. Capcom (geniuses that they are) decided to mimic League of Legends more rank based matchmaking, because everyone knows you should always just copy whatever is most popular/makes most money currently. It just doesnt work. The rank is useless as the game will still put you up with whoever is most available.There doesnt seem to be much hidden MMR (or ELO) and LP (the in-game point system) doesnt matter at all, just like the ranks dont.There is three different ways to play online. Ranked, Casual and Battlelounge. Ranked and Casual are just matchmaked (ie just sitting in que waiting for the game to pair you with someone to play with), but battlelounge is a game the player creates and people can join. This works the same as endless lobbies in SF4. At times it makes sense to play lounges because you might want to learn a new character but not play people who are ""really trying"", well lounges isnt the answer. For some reason Capcom have gone out of their way to make sure you cant play them.When searching for lounges it will pop up a list of available games, the problem? The ping bars (which indicates how good of a connection you have to said person) load forever and 95% of them will never show up.No worries one might think because you can also see what country the lounge starter is from and in that sense be able to pick and play a lobby via that to ensure less lag. No, because flags simply wont show up and will just show the usual ""SFV"" flag. The only thing that shows up properly is the rank of the player who made the lounge, but what good is this when I have no idea if he is from China, the US, Brazil or whatever else I know for certain I cant play with? It's basically a crap shoot of joining a lobby, then leaving because they're from a continent you cant play with and then trying again, but as salt in your eyes Capcom have done such a poor work at the programming that you will get stuck on black screens of loading and other error messages leaving out of lounges which makes this whole procedure extremely annoying and not worth the time.Now for the social aspects. What is there to say? For a game that thrives on community interaction they've made sure you can't communicate with anyone. This time around there is no friends list, only a ""rival list"". It's sort of like a friendslist but you cant talk to them, only send them invites. This means if you want to interact with other players you have use external sources to make that happen. I guess they were scared people would use a messaging system to talk♥♥♥♥♥♥to people, but thats honestly a dumb decision considering if you make a decent friends list with decent features (only friends cant messages me) it wouldnt be a problem. There is literally no steam integration into that game as Capcom decided to use their own platform so you can not invite friends over steam like pretty much any other game.Capcom has once again went out of their way to make a barebone experience that while the core game is fantastic, the surrounding parts are complete garbage. This game needs some serious Quality of Life changes to be sure to survive in the future. The only sad part is that games that really do well in the core gameplay AND in the features department cant hold no candle because it simply isnt Street Fighter. I think it's time the Street Fighter name and Capcom take a hit to their credibility if only to show this isnt acceptable for a 60 dollar game.All of this culminates in what I can only explain as frustrations with the developer. They havent acknowledged almost any of the things pointed out above. Instead, just silence, with the monthly update on how hype we should be about the newest character coming. I'd rather have no more characters and a functioning game instead. Capcom is a developer with a bunch of great IPs but are a bunch of greedy suits trying to put out the least amount of effort in return for the max amount of money.I dont recommend this game, but I'll continue playing it because it is Street Fighter, which is quite sad.EDIT July 2nd:While the new content patch should satisfy a lot of the more casual players of this game (this game actually has singleplayer content now), the game is still plagued with underlying basic problems. The battlelounge searching is still not working (wont show flags/ping/bars/anything) and the one sided rollback netcode fubble is still in effect and still hasnt even been acknowledged by Capcom.I appriciate the new characters, they're fun and all but at the same time it's more important for me that the game works. Currently theres no real way of playing long sets with random people (think FT5 or FT10) in battlelounges because it takes too much time and effort to find a game where you have a decent connection with someone and (s)he isn't either way better than you or way worse.If Capcom busts their♥♥♥♥♥and fixes the battlelounges at this point I can look past the netcode (as most of the time its fine) and will change the review to positive, but for now it will stay not recommended."
,Not Recommended,310950,23309567,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Fire Chomp,"rushed the game out its pretty much a paid beta, cant keep up with the update schedule they set, horrible public relation (won't let the community know when and why things are being delayed.I bought the season pass so I feel even more jipped. Stay away from this garbage."
,Not Recommended,310950,23320036,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,TheMauryX,"It\'s an EARLY ACCESS game, with the prize of a full retail one, it\'s a shame what CAPCOM has become and fighting game industry, full of DLC, this without doubt is the worst of them all."
,Not Recommended,310950,32388449,Posted: 13 June,all,fucked ur dad,"It's been a year and some, and I still find myself coming back to this game for the occasional 30 minutes of ranked play to see where the characters/engine stands (and battle lounges with friends). You'd think a year of a fighting game's lifespan would change some things, and innovate on it's original vision some.Nope. It's still just DLC Fighter 5, with a distinct lack of Sagat and horrible netcode. I mean horrible.Buy this game if you'd like to support a company that completely ignores it's fanbase, and counts fistfuls of unsuspecting players' cash.(While some DLC such as costumes, or characters are purchasable with in-game currency, Capcom will still lock you out of most of the good costumes. You must pay real money or you can't unlock them.)"
76561197993418257,Recommended,310950,23986391,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Groovekiller,"Whoo boy this game had a rough start. Mainly due to capcom wanting to release this puppy in time for the 2016 capcom pro tour. Thankfully, due to the recent update, Street Fighter V has a little more to offer in the form of the cinematic story mode, new characters, costumes and stages.Unfortunately it's still lacking an arcade mode and a way to fight against an AI opponent of choice. But hopefully capcom will provide those in future updates. So if you are looking for a casual single player experience you might only want to pick this up on sale.But if you are willing to take the plunge into the more competitive side of things you're in for one of the best fighting games  to date.The game is very well balanced.The online netcode is great 85% of the time in my experience but if it does go bad it can get ugly real quick.The characters are fun and easy to learn yet hard to master.A very robust training modeGood matchmaking. It takes about a minute for me to find a match.Cross play form play between PC and PS4 so there is only one online community.Best out of three on online games. Making a comeback from the fourth round feels hella good.Yearly balance updates. Yes, just yearly. Because in the long run things that seem broken now may end up not so broken when people figure out how to deal with it.Free balance updates. Yes kids, until recently, if you wanted an updated version of a fighting game, you had to buy the entire thing again. Praise be.There are a few drawbacks though.It's still lacking single player content. This will hopefully get better.Ragequitters are still an issue but has been acknowledged by capcom.8 frames of input lag. In comparison sf4 had only 5 frames of input lag. (Which means it's a tiny bit more sluggish)Capcom not communicating very well with their fans. Although they are doing much better nowadays.No native support for arcade sticks which don't use XInputTraining mode options don't save.This game will only get better in time. They have promised to support this game for the coming 5 years with new characters, stages, cosumes, game modes, balancing and more.If you are a fan of fighting games you are going to want this game eventually.I personally love this game. Warts and all."
76561198063992031,Recommended,310950,29124282,Posted: 8 January,all,Orange,I suck at this game and i actually made someone ragequit...
,Recommended,310950,28832752,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Opera 2,The game is just fineBut the server is ubisoft  serverSo no more so7/10
,Recommended,310950,29127257,Posted: 8 January,all,Gͯͫ̔҉̸̖͔̯̰̥͍H̒̃̓̍,"My most favorite entry to the Street Fighter series since Third Strike.  Yes this entry is easier to get into compared to past games but it still offers an engaging fun challenge.  Playing against ps4 users is a welcomed addition it's probably my most favorite aspect of the game.  V-trigger is an exciting addition that adds flair and cool factor to each character.  unlike SF4 giving you a free Super (Ultra bar) for getting beaten up..  V-trigger takes careful usage to reap the full benefits.Art style is a great mix up between cartoonish and modern.  Long gone are the goofy disproportioned models of SF4.  I LOVE the soundtrack you can tell the composers put some real love into some of these themes.  Hearing Jazzy NYC again brings back wonderful memories.Being able to unlock new content for free is very cool, although I don't mind paying the small price tags when I want something fast.  A lot of people give Capcom crap for releasing the game in this model.  I prefer it for multiple reasons; 1)  There's only one edition of the game so it doesn't split playerbase 2) continuous updates; balancing, patches  3) I don't have to buy Ultra Street Fighter 5 2.0 Arcade Edition Turbo Alpha 2nd ImpactNet code at first I had issues with.  I disconnected a lot when I fought against PS4 users.  I fixed this problem by port forwarding on my router since then I haven't had a single disconnect.  I've fought players in Europe, South America, and Canada and the matches were great!  Very impressive.  It goes without saying the netcode isn't perfect I do get the occasional stutter lag but the match is still salvageable.  Regardless I have a more pleasant time playing this online than I do a lot of fighters.Don't listen to the negative comments surrounding this game.  If you love Street Fighter, enjoy competitive/casual online play then this is a must buy."
,Recommended,310950,29177840,Posted: 10 January,all,Thot Patrol,Amazing. Wonderful 10/10
76561198077884996,Recommended,310950,28703123,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,youngsnake88,"the only issue i have with this game is that the fight money is very hard to get and the dlc is not cheap, other then that a solid street fighter! I love it! i got it in a steam sale for 20$, but i would have had a hard time spending the full price with the dlc being so expensive. only buy if your a big street fighter fan.after about 30 hoursi stoped playing honestly, not becuase the game is bad but because the dlc is a gross cash grab, i feel like i dont want to play online because poeple who can afford to drop the rediculus amount of cash on the dlc have more them me and im playing with a non full game, not worth more then 20$ and the dlc if ♥♥♥♥ing bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is kind of a scam. great game play ruined by capcom cash grab. as a capcom fan boy i feel betrayed. the dlc is only getting worse. wtf capcom :'(i cant really recomend unless you get it for 20$ and dont want a full game. ♥♥♥♥ street fightewr 5. ♥♥♥♥ you capcom. i give it a 6/10"
,Recommended,310950,33124943,Posted: 2 July,all,~Neferpitou ツ,"The Graphics are great <3, it is fun playing it :^)"
76561198018716063,Recommended,310950,28032899,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jonas ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Really good game, good core gameplay.It initially lacked content but Capcom fixed this update after update.Would recommend 8/10, 10/10 with rice."
76561197996045131,Recommended,310950,29023783,Posted: 4 January,all,AncoPro,I dunno I like it
,Not Recommended,310950,25654587,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,MaxAle,$60 RootKit
,Recommended,310950,34559932,Posted: 28 August,all,Pchs,Pros:>Extremely fun game>Amazing soundtrack and characters>Never had a problem with online>Survival mode is suprisingly fun>Fightmoney is easy to get so buying characters with fightmoney isn't impossible>Brought back the likes of Urien and Alex etc>Coherent online ranking system>Cannot die to chip damage unless critical art making comebacks more likely>V-Trigger is a great new mechanic>Costantly adding new charasCons:>DLC is expensive thought you can buy it with fightmoney>No Arcade mode but I don't mind too much>Poorly optimised for PC but still playable>No Makoto yet.Overall great game.
,Not Recommended,310950,23244383,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Beezy 6206,my online experience- Half matches im outmatched the other half laggy and unplayable.
76561197971044378,Recommended,310950,24010430,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Xopher,"Much easier to pick up than Sf4, and just as fun."
76561197979436931,Not Recommended,310950,25656984,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,rok1982,"Absolute trash. Boring gameplay, laggy netcode, input delay, no d-input system, garbage dlc and now a rootkit. What next capcom? Next update are you guys gonna code it where it bricks my PC? Someone start a class action lawsuit on these idiots please."
76561198054352196,Not Recommended,310950,34028173,Posted: 4 August,all,cailo,I'm not into multiplayer and the game has no arcade mode. 1 year after purchasing the game there is still no arcade mode. Yea I'll stick to old school console snes type versions of street fighter from now on.
76561198049313937,Not Recommended,310950,34355907,Posted: 19 August,all,Greatness Supreme,This isn't even street fighter anymore
,Recommended,310950,33124971,Posted: 2 July,all,Infinite CJ,"This is a tough one to talk about. At its current state its actually an alright game, Though i can understand how this game still lacks with others. People like myself that plays Online to be the best will find little to no flaws, this game is heavily on the competitive side, casuals that play fighting games for story or just offline isnt going to have the full experience. I love SF but i can tell if Street Fighter is doing something wrong, and they are with V. I hoped this will become my new favorite SF game but to this day its still Street Fighter III: Third Strike. There is one thing that is going around about this game of a new big update. Super Street Fighter V, if its true get the game while its 20 dollars for this new update then this game might be really good when(if) it comes out."
,Not Recommended,310950,27272825,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bally,"If Dan Hibiki made a Street Fighter game, it would look a lot like this."
,Recommended,310950,28008275,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Walrusking,"SFV suffered a very poor launch.... The basic mechanics of the game, along with the characters are very fun, but it is not suited towards an audience of players that would like to be able to pick up a fighting game and play a quick arcade mode (because we still don't have one!).That being said, I love the game. I would recommend it to anyone wanting to get into Street Fighter or competative fighting games in general, as the inputs are much more forgiving this time around. I have issues with the in game store, as many others do, but the game itself, the mechanics and actual gameplay I enjoy very much."
,Recommended,310950,24002934,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Aimi bot,It's gr8
,Recommended,310950,23959608,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,HADooKEN101,"great fighter for fighting game lovers, really balanced characters and very exciting matches are in store for you.. just get it! waiting for the dlc's do suck........but the game play is great so, it's still a win."
,Recommended,310950,23564940,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Fleetwood,"Street Fighter V is an interesting beast. On one hand, the game is really fun to play. It eschews the tight links and high execution of the previous titles in the series, and instead focuses on the meta game. As a new player, you're probably going to like that. As a veteran to fighting games, it can be overly simple for you. From my point of view, I'll still play it, but I also think the game needs something else to make the game crazier to play and watch. It's a very vanilla fighter, with not a lot of the flash and flair of games like Marvel VS Capcom, or Guilty Gear Xrd.Another thing is the lack of single player content. Quite noticably, the game is lacking a simple arcade mode, or a way to fight CPU opponents outside of Survival Mode. Much of the content is focused on multiplayer, which is fine for me; I play fighting games to play people, not computers. If you're looking for a fighting game to play solo, this may not be for you. Capcom is adding in a Story Mode to the game in this June 2016, so it'll get a boost to it's single player content.As for the actual fighting mechanics, it's a little bare bones for my tastes, but still gets the job done. I do enjoy the focus shifting away from the execution (a high barrier to entry for beginners) and more towards playing the opponent, reading his/her habits, and adapting accordingly. Likely, this is a good starting off point for new players and newcomers to fighting games, but the game does not include a good tutorial to teach you the basics. Instead, you'll have to rely on the community for guides and tutorials on how to play. Luckily, there's no shortage of that content, but it's amazing that Capcom hasn't added in anything to teach.Now, in the case that you're choosing a fighting game on which to focus on playing, should you make Street Fighter V that game? The competition is stiff; BlazBlue, Killer Instinct, Guilty Gear Xrd Revelator (a PS3/4 title, but rumored PC release), Mortal Kombat X are also games that could be on your list. Street Fighter V can definitely be played for a long time, and probably will last into the far future, as much as Street Fighter IV has. If this is your first fighting game, I would say decide between the aesthetics of Guilty Gear Xrd Revelator or Street Fighter V - whatever looks or character you'd rather play I'd choose. For veteran fighters, have a look at the fighting mechanics. If the meta game interests you (the shimmy, the crush counters) go for it.It is by no means a bad game, but it lacks in certain places. I enjoy my time playing it, but at times it feels like it's lacking in the flash and pizzazz that other games have. I still recommend it to anyone who enjoys fighting games and newcomers alike."
76561198025060853,Not Recommended,310950,35259852,Posted: 28 September,all,Hudson RL,"As much as i do love this game at times it's still hard for to recommend it. Overall the game looks really polished. Characters looks great, lighting is great and it animates well for the most part.However, It is hard not to feel let down though. A lot of the characters in my opinion are let down by a lack of personality or charm.The fighting mechanics do not appear to be as free form as previous entries. At first i believed this game was quality over quantity compared to 4 but i'm turning on that idea. The fighting mechanics feel far too simplistic the deeper you get.On top of that the cfn drives me insane. It's often down for maintenence and at times it drops connection for me when playing single player which causes me to lose character progression. Very frustrating.Finally, the online netcode isn't perfect despite going through numerous online betas prior to launch. It's not bad though, i'd argue it's better than SF4 but compared to other netcodes on the market like KI and skullgirls it's lagging behind."
76561198019094461,Not Recommended,310950,34321650,Posted: 17 August,all,小海,I was told my Wacom tablet driver was the reason causeing the game crashing every 20 mins...  I can't believe they haven't fixed the bug after a full year after its release.
,Not Recommended,310950,25654542,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Lord Pitaya,"As of latest update (1.0.9, 9/22/2016), the PC version of this game is literally malware -- installed a rootkit in system32, granting the program (and anyone who can take control of such a horribly tested, easily modified piece of software) the highest of privileges to your computer and its data.I'm not going to say this is a horrible game, though it's definitely one of the most shallow fighting games this generation -- if you want a real fighting game, pick up a PS4 and grab King of Fighters XIV or Guilty Gear Xrd Revelator. I'm giving this a negative review because of just how far Capcom is going to force people to throw real money at the DLC, to the point that it's impeding functionality and flagging as malware for even legitimate customers. This is absolutely unacceptable. This is beyond standard DRM. this is a legitimate security risk for anyone playing on the current patch."
76561198149504078,Recommended,310950,21413233,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,OopsyYouJustDied,"Where am I gonna start? First and foremost, SF5 on it's release was barely playable (I'm looking at you Multiplayer) aside from it's +30 min solo-player campaign, which is a no-go if you are still asking for 60 bucks at this state. To be upfront, you should've given everyone a discount, like 15% off, and be honest about what we customers were getting into, for said money. That way the reviews wouldn't have been as awful, because everyone could've taken that in consideration while writing said reviews.Gameplay-wise, it's alright."
76561198042067165,Not Recommended,310950,29992346,Posted: 17 February,all,Bill Valentine,I'd let Alex into my nubile virgin sister as a means of enhancing my bloodline.
,Not Recommended,310950,34070557,Posted: 6 August,all,Curiosity,"Multiplayer lags really bad and unplayable, Wouldn't say it's worth buying the game on this platform."
,Recommended,310950,27369177,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jesuscatface,doctor: you've been in a coma since february '16man: i hope capcom make an enjoyable fighting game to play and watchd:i have some bad news
,Not Recommended,310950,34010782,Posted: 4 August,all,Sholux,"Nope. Refunded for Ultra Street Fighter IV, that game has much better gameplay and feel to do it."
76561198097135831,Recommended,310950,29701040,Posted: 4 February,all,Eddragon,"A fighting game noob's opinion of SFV:I like this game for one simple reason: I have been wanting to get into fighting games for a long time and this game seems to be the only noob friendly fighter on steam.Simply put, because of the PS4 cross-play, there is enough low ranking players to fight against to have a reasonable climb up the ladder. Other fighting games on steam seam to have small dedicated groups of players who are all extremely good. In this game I can find quick matches against players of similar skill as me. This being the case, I do not have to go online and get crushed for one hundred hours before I get a chance at actually winning.There are other reviews that will tell you the games flaws in game modes and combat mechancis that know more about fighting games then me, but as a game to introduce yourself to online fighting on PC I can think of nothing better for that purpose then this game.Personal Gripe: The fact that this game has no key rebinds and I have to use a script is extremely annoying."
,Not Recommended,310950,34363860,Posted: 19 August,all,Evo Champ,"It's not as if there aren't great fighting games out there from which to draw inspiration. Choosing to do just the opposite Street Fighter V explodes onto your computer screen with an abundant lack of quality of life features omnipresent in modern fighters. Coupled with a clunky feel and questionable design choices the game is barely worth a $10 price tag, let alone the MSRP."
,Not Recommended,310950,25674099,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Venom :Ð,I wish this had the no man's sky refund mechanic.
76561198259800997,Not Recommended,310950,21253842,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,SwagDudeWTF,"I love SF franchise since the 90's - however the new Trend of releasing Beta versions as a ""full game"" is starting to get old.people get hyped, wait a lot of time. and at the end they get a partial game.1. NO ARCADE MODE !! wait what? NO ARCADE MODE!!!!! - SF is all about the Arcade mode! choosing a character vs a character from another country - seeing this cool animation of the region of the character you're playing against.. that's basically the essence of SF ! weird move by Capcom.2. Lazy story mode - I'm a fan of manga - but the comics in the story mode are very cheap. not interesting. no deep background of the characters - looks like a temp mode.3, Online was better on Beta - now that's weird with no need elaborate.4, Challenge Mode - also .. should have been in the game since day 1 ( which is today) ...What I do like?Is the new system, feels more friendly ! I wish I could use my PS4 controller with the game but as for now it's not supported so I'm using my XBONE controller.the graphics are really amazing - great job!!othet than that I need more to keep me in game longer than an hour, but that's just me,"
,Recommended,310950,22083143,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,cTRANNNN,"+Strong Gameplay,+New game mechanics (V-System) gives each character more uniqueness+Service based game, with monthly support atleast until the end of 2016+Cross-platform play with PS4+All dlc characters are earnable or can be bought+/- Combo system lacks variety compared to previous games-Story Mode is lackluster-Survival Mode suffers from difficulty spikes-Netcode can be a hit or miss-Much less offering in terms of modes that the base game of SFIV (no arcade mode and more)-Casual players must look onto official SF youtube channel to learn how to play the gameOverall 7/10, but can easily become a 9/10 by june with the new paid and free dlc."
76561198122787415,Recommended,310950,23848265,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DFA Falcon,"I sincerely can't understand why everyone is complaining about this game. I just bought it for fourty dollars and already played about five hours, enjoying every second of it. If you're on the fence about it, let me put your worries to rest.First of all, knowing that SFV will continue to get attention, polish, and content in the future makes me feel like this was a great investment. The characters are all different and interesting to play, the music is awesome, and the game looks absolutley gorgeous at max settings. On the topic of input lag, it's true that it plays a little differently from USF4 but if I could adapt in a matter of ten minutes, then anyone else can; not to mention once you get a feel for the game, it controls like a dream. The V-System is great and the combat feels the best it has for a long time. I could care less about Arcade because Survival is better; the supplement system is pretty neat and this mode allows you to practice against moving, attacking targets (pretty much what everyone used Arcade for anyways). The stories kinda blow, I know, but some previews for the cinematic are out now and it looks goddamn spectacular so get hype for that. The netcode is fine, as long as you have a reliable internet source.That pretty much covers it. It excites me that this game is so good and the only to go is up from here. I look forward to playing this game so much more in the future and I hope, if you decide to purchase SFV, you will too.Also, add Necro Capcom, thx."
,Recommended,310950,24030632,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mugman,ibuki is cute so i like her a lotryu is hot toopretty good/10
76561197993205559,Not Recommended,310950,21258115,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Zawa Zawa,Constant crashes.  Matchmaking very slow.  Game is laggy all around.  Doesn't support my fightpad either.  Got a refund within 2 hours of purchase.
76561198106434470,Not Recommended,310950,23743945,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,sharv1,"Alright so I finally waited for this to go on sale and I got this for 40 dollars. To me I feel like that's still a little pricey. So far I like the game and the gameplay is awesome. But HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥this has a laundrey list of problems.I looked on the steam charts for this game and theres over a thousand playing this which is pretty decent not counting the PS4 players in crossplay. So why can't I find a match? The multiplayer needs work because I have to wait forever to find an oppenent, and almost half the time I find a match the oppenent is stuck in this weird glitch where he's stuck spamming the same move over and over again where he cant move, but that only occurs with the PS4 crossplay.Which leads to my next issue. The crossplay between PS4 and PC is not good. It kinda works, but it's a glitchy and buggy mess. I like that they added it, but like the multiplayer it needs work badly.That's just scratching the surface of the problems. There's no arcade mode and no player vs AI. And dont even get me started on the ""story"" mode, now to be fair there is a real story mode coming but at release they gave us a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor version of it.So what about the good of the game? Well the gameplay is great and the fighting is excellent. BAM that's it. I guess it is allowing you to earn this fight money to unlock characters for free but that will take forever if you decide to do that.Never on any planet should this cost $60. I dont recommend that at full price but pick it up on sale for at least $40 like what I got. It's still fun and I'm still playing it. I dont really feel ripped off because like I said before I got this on sale.EDIT: Every time I boot the game up it crashes please fix"
,Not Recommended,310950,25659077,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ALargePrime,"An unfinished mess that should have been released as an Early Access title. The single-player content is non-existent. The netcode is sub-optimal. The input lag is quite high. The DLC (on an unfinished game?) is overpriced. At one point, the game even installed a root-kit on your computer, though it has been reversed.I regret purchasing this game, and I am saddened that I cannot get a refund for it."
76561198011100169,Not Recommended,310950,25660163,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,DraKKuLL,"Awesome job, Capcom! Full price in this game that is not yet finished.- Still no Arcade mode- We have to purchase charcters, colors, etc...- Less characters than usual fighting games- Poor netcode- And now we have rootkit and cannot launch the damn game.WELL DONE!"
,Not Recommended,310950,34096726,Posted: 7 August,all,JVman天,"game constantly crashes, fixes dont work, and cant download story mode. yep its looking greatinstall mods,only worth thing"
76561198154717978,Not Recommended,310950,23217234,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Dazhbog616,"I've been a fan of Street Fighter since I played Street Fighter 2 back on Sega Genesis. I am what you would call a casual player of fighting games, so I was completely disappointed to find the game lacked offline content. Sure, there is a ""Story Mode"" but it's a complete joke.Pros: Great gameplay, return of characters we hadn't seen in a whileCons: Characters that look like they were designed by a starving man (Banana Hair Ken, Curly Fries Karin, French Fry Alex.), lack of offline content (No Arcade Mode or Vs. CPU), small roster (minor gripe), lackluster Story Mode, annoying starting turorial for people who have played a fighting game beforeUpdate: There is a Vs. CPU now. That makes it a little bit more replayable but it's not as satisfying as an Arcade Mode. As soon as Capcom brings that mode in, I would most defitnitely recommend it."
,Not Recommended,310950,21262453,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,BuenoDelicious,"Maybe it will be worth purchasing in a month after the March update. Currently the servers are a mess and there is just no single player content at all, i would say it has survival mode but my god, who would WANT to play a fighting game survival mode?If you enjoyed the ranked system from USF4 you will be very dissapointed, ranked lobbies are no longer there and have been replaced with match making likened to 'quick search' in USF4, you know, the search option nobody used because it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ So basically instead of finding a lobby, joining and playing, you have to wait for 5 minutes for a match against a random that may or may not be laggy as hell because the bars indicating connection are not very helpful.You can't even play sets with your friends, there are no 8 man lobbies yet. And the as of right now the promised 2 man battle lobby doesn't even work.All in all a terrible launch game that i can only hope and wish improves soon.____________________________________________________________________Edit: Battle lobbies now seem to work pretty well and ranked seems to be slowly and steadily getting better. Capcom seem to be continually tweeking it, though an added complaint at this point is people have realised there are no punishments for rage quitting, meaning you will have a hard time finding someone who is willing to actually let you get the win when you beat their♥♥♥♥♥ instead opting to quit the match and give you nothing. Though Capcom are working on this and honestly it's pretty minor as long as the netcode is good, which it seems to be."
,Not Recommended,310950,30848090,Posted: 31 March,all,qsthomas,"Game won't even work and it has almost been a year since I've owned it. The post-launch updates have rendered this game obsolete as it just sits at the title screen, not updating."
76561198006599677,Not Recommended,310950,23781630,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,khiyo,"I've been playing fighting games for the majority of my life and while I definitely enjoy playing this game I am not able to offer a recommendation to buy it.First off, if you're playing this for a single player experience you're in for a huge disappointment.  The current story mode allows you to pick one of the cast and play a few mindless battles puntucated by boring cutscenes that offer little in the way of depth or even clarity.  Purportedly an updated Story mode is to be released soon but new cast members were supposed to be added every month and we saw how that hasn't quite worked out. Ergo don't hold your breath.Next if you're primarily intersted in the multiplayer experience like myself you will probably be frustrated as well.  As of the most recent patch the match making system seems to have been reblanced quite nicely for Ranked Play from the previous iteration of having to fight against players of vastly disparate rankings from your own.  This seems to have been done however a the cost of stable connections.  If you've read much about SFV you are probably aware that the net code for the game is attrocious and this recent patch does not seem to have done much in the way of fixing this.   Add on top of this the meager penalty that is currently in place to prevent rage quitting from matches does little to nothing to deter players from abandoning games even after a loss to negate both point loss to them and point gain to you.  The combination of the two can and does create a highly frustrating state of play that only seems to escalate at higher ranked play.Lastly, it's impossible to communicate with the player base on any social level other than prefabricated text lines in Battle Lounges.  Nothing substantive can be expressed as the lines are simply ""GG"" or ""Potato!"".The bottom line is the game is enjoyable but it certainly seems like this is a case of a pay to play version of extensive beta testing for a product to be released at a later date.  The game may be worth purchasing in the future but that day is still pretty far off."
,Not Recommended,310950,23398840,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Cooking Mama,EDIT: This game goes balls deep into your kernels now. Capcom ♥♥♥♥ed it up somehow even more holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ DELETE THE GAME IF YOU HAVE IT .What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is.I wish I could get my money back.No direct input stillCharacter delays8frame lag♥♥♥♥♥♥ ragequitting that goes unpunished in online playNo story mode.Delay after delay after delay.AVOID
,Recommended,310950,23971878,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,sproink,its good if you dont play vs console babbys on wifi
76561198041516739,Not Recommended,310950,21246225,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,The_Agonistt,"Crapcom always leave things unfinished, even on launch... They promised to make PS3 and XBOX360 sticks work, and here I am, not being able to play the ♥♥♥♥ing game on my stick... Something so stupidly simple to do, and the answer is to use a 3rd party software in order to make it work... A ♥♥♥♥ing driver they could put in the game, it's a FILE, and they didn't do it...""OH They gonna make an update for this..."". That is not an argument, this is a FIGHTING GAME, there're a lot of stick players out there, this is just a big ♥♥♥♥ YOU for us all...I already regret pre-ordering this, the new hyped MAIN E-sports game for the FGC, and at launch, you can't even use your ♥♥♥♥ing controller without downloading a 3rd Party Software... Absolute ridiculous, Crapcom..."
,Recommended,310950,30172873,Posted: 25 February,all,Starkiller,Game gets better as time goes by. Hoping to finally see a true story mode with some unlockable characters soon. The grind for fight money is a buzz kill.
76561198026806499,Not Recommended,310950,21284237,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,sookyboy,"Are you kidding me? I am an old-school SF fan and this feels soulless. So diappointed that you don't fight most of the characters in story mode. I DO NOT LIKE the changes. The Charge up attack of SFIV and cancelling and all that business was a much better game mechanic IMO. This feels sluggish to boot. SFIV felt MUCH faster and you character felt ""light."" This it feels like the characters are moving through jello or something, I don't know quite exactly how to explain it but I feel like the whole thing drags. Really, really, really disappointed."
,Recommended,310950,23446531,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Irb Digital,"It's my favorite fighting game.  It's pretty easy to get by as a beginner and button mash, but once you get past that there's a lot of depth to the fighting experience.  I'll admit Capcom dropped the ball by releasing this game unfinished (yet still asking full AAA price) but most of the stuff that needs work is with the User Interface.  There's no doubt the game still needs polish, but Capcom has expressed that they hear the community and plan on supporting this game for years to come.    The competitive scene is alive and well, and still growing.  All of the non-casuals are training hard as we speak, so don't wait until its too late to git gud!"
,Not Recommended,310950,21284853,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,M.,"Its a stage game, only 6.5GB with no story at all... It took me less then 2 hours for complete all characters histories. The MP wont work, the match making was not workink yesterday but a fix come today and, at least, I can play in MM against other players. I played 5 matches and I got disconnect error and now I cant play again.I dont have problem with beta games but we need received a advise about that, the game is unfinished in all aspects. I dont recomend SFV now, its a waste of money, I think in 2 or 3 months the game will be more polished.... Capcom release a bug and broken game with no respect of all fans... Sad."
,Not Recommended,310950,24590511,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,The Rememberer,"as an avid fighting game enthusiast, i have to say, sfv is definitely not as impressive as its predecesors.the combat is fluid to a degree; the learning curve is way lower than usf4; the graphics and soundtrack are for the most part well done.However. its online component has staggering server issues more frequently than I would care to admit, and the lack of a true single player experience was only recently recovered by its mediocre story mode.As an arcade fighter, capcom has dropped the ball here.Please. do not buy this game simply because of the title. Please do some research into what you think you are getting into."
,Not Recommended,310950,30717811,Posted: 24 March,all,Alchemist_T,"Solid fighting game on the market. Unfortunately there are two major negative flaws destroying SF5 for me and many players out there.First of all there is a bunch of cool and flashy (and pretty strong) characters that is locked behind a soft paywall. And oh boy it will take you time to grind Fight Money (in-game currency) to unlock every single fighter. I think you can unlock 3 to 5 characters in a reasonable amount of time (easy FM for story mode walkthrought for example) but others will stay locked for you unless you are capable of grinding 100 CPU dummies in a row without any checkpoints. It might be just me but I find this process extremely tedious and not fun.And theres is this sloppy netcode. And oh my god it is bad. Even if I am limiting my matchmaking to best possible connection available (EU) 30% of my matches have really REALLY bad preformance. Lags and framedrops are all over the place. And it is not fun at all.I do like SF:V. If you are getting consistent smooth connection this game is good. But getting good connection is super inconsistent. There are plenty of laggy-as-hell matches even on 5-star connection. Again, it might be me, but I am kinda tired of this russian roulette. God knows I was trying."
,Not Recommended,310950,21347104,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,mikethor007,"UPDATE 2:It seems that there was a rollback update so the game would not require the rootkit. I'm leaving the rest of this review as it is though, CAPCOM simply cannot be trusted not to do this kind of thing anymore.===================================================UPDATE:Most recent version installs software in the user's computer that works as a rootkit. It requires the user to allow the game to run with kernel level privileges on the computer. Problem is, it is so badly done that might allow world + dog to take over the user's PC. This rootkit is installed to the System32 folder on the PC, and the file is called capcom.sys. Uninstalling the game apparently does not remove the rootkit.RECOMENDATION:Do not update the game to its latest version. And Immediately uninstall it. To everyone that can still get a refund, I recommend to go get it.=======================================================Game's got really good graphics and sounds. Stages seem to be very detailed, even including the occasional destruction of background objects. Fighting seems to have a good flow to it.Unfortunately, the game, as it is now, is pretty barebones in regards to content in the single player side. Story mode as it is now is comprised of three fights with one round each, which is, in my opinion, too little. There's not even a basic arcade mode with 8 to 10 3-round fights like before.Capcom also seems to have done away with a lot of supers that were avalable for returning characters. Most characters have only one super in the command list, which may have some slightly different gameplay element if done under V-Trigger. Whereas in USFIV, each character could have 3 or even more supers/ultras.Not to mention the occasional server trouble this game gets. Why oh why does this game need to log in to a server if we want to play story mode or survival with battle requests on OFF? And why does the game need to knock you out of the fight, into the menu if it loses its connection to servers during a Hard Mode survival run (on stage 34)?Buy it if you want the multiplayer. Or if you intend to get into eSports.Forget about this game for now if you want single player. Gamers are better off waiting until the full story mode is released in june."
76561198238559822,Not Recommended,310950,21270932,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,thomas_knuppel,controls suck. dont even work
,Not Recommended,310950,21286681,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Promulle,"I currently can not recommend this game. (05.04.2016)I revisited this review after the march update.Good:+ runs nice+ looks not bad+ nice ui+ good sounds in my opinion+ Servers are up most of the time (If there is no multiple hour long maintenance)Bad:- sometimes the netcode gets kinda strange with one side experiencing heavy rollback- takes me ages to find online opponents (still)- no real singleplayer content (announced for summer, but still it is a full price game)- arcade stick support is VERY bad (DInput not really supportet, 3rd party programs needed)-> still no DInput support"
,Recommended,310950,24493615,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,HA1RY_0GRE,Great potential if/when the full game is actually released!
,Not Recommended,310950,23215872,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Saninsince992,"Feels like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ unfinished and rushed beta product. From atrocious loading times, bad netcode, to simple issues like constant clipping and lack of polis in general, this game is just not worth it at all right now. Hopefully at some point in the future it will get better, but with the lack of any real improvement a few months later it isn't looking too great right now.EDIT: Season 2 out, and most of the problems still persist. They are adding more characters to the game, but the core problems with it just aren't being solved."
,Recommended,310950,27903092,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SooperCam,"The greatest 1v1 PVP experience out there by far. The game is fun, balanced, simple in the execution of tecnique yet endlessly deep in interaction between players. Street Fighter has gotten more streamlined with every iteration and Street fighter 5 continues this trend. Whether your playing with friends or online theres always fun to be had, and something new to learn about your opponents.I want to address 2 of the common criticisms of the game and how the game is actually comparitively robust in these 2 areas. The DLC model and the Single Player content.The game has pretty much adopted letter for letter the same model as League of Legends, all gameplay related content can be purchased with in game currency earned over time. Looking at League of Legends average match time of 37 minutes and 100 IP (its ingame currency) earned in that time it would take 2,886 minutes to earn enough currency for 1 Champion. In street fighter at an average of 45 seconds per round, 2 rounds per game, and 50 points per win it would take 3000 minutes. That doesnt account for the bonus xp earned from weekly quests ( land a throw 10 times or some such thing) for 500 - 1000 points a piece, bonus points for account and character rank ups, and the 100k+ to be earned per completion of each of the sigle player modes in each difficulty. Long story short its more than a fair time sink compared to other games that give you the option to purchase new content or unlock it.Single Player compared to any PVP focused game gives you plenty to do theres 2 versions of story mode one of which has 2 difficulties and a survival which has 5 difficulties. Story took me about 2 days to complete, I havent run through survival yet but i wager that will take longer than the 2 story modes combined. That being said Not Paladins, not Overwatch, not League of Legends, Not Dota 2, or most other PvP based games have any single player of any sort and are judged solely on the depth and fun offered in their gameplay.I'm 100% satisfied with what I got from this game and look forward to what season 2 has to offer."
,Not Recommended,310950,21255515,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,the optimistic teammate,YOU CAN'T EVEN PLAY YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING FRIENDS. GREAT JOB CAPCOM THIS GAME IS AMAZING 1/10 WOULD SLAP ONO IN THE FACE AGAIN.
76561197974441740,Not Recommended,310950,21629990,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,i'm bad at the games,"It's an incomplete mess, with no hardware control for most gamepads. How dare us PC plebians try to play it with a controller that is not of an Xbox, right? I mean, claiming ""full controller support"" and ""language support"" and then failing to deliver should qualify as false advertising.The button mapping is basically a mystery, and you're thrown into a tutorial without having any sort of opportunity to actually look at the controls in the settings menu. The only reason I was able to find that B was the start button was only by button-mashing my keys. I know, it should have been absolutely obvious that ""B"" would be the start button, right? How so very silly and oblivious of me.If you're going to buy it, wait a while for Capcom to stop huffing their own farts and actually get the stupid patches through so that this ceases to be a dumb, stupid, worthless piece of garbage broken mess. And Capcom should be ashamed of putting out an incomplete game. That's EA-level douchery."
76561197983640039,Recommended,310950,23988874,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,HalfPint,"Just finished the new ""A Shadow Falls"" story dlc, and as a street fighter fan since childhood, I loved it.Still missing the ""Vs Cpu"" option, but they have said that will come soon so I hope its not a too long wait.Overall the mechanics in the game is pretty solid, and i find it more fun than street fighter 4, It is hard for me to go back to ssf4 after playing SFV, almost impossible."
76561198062122238,Not Recommended,310950,21273686,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Patton,"Except graphic, the rest of the game is unremarkable at every way compare to SF4"
76561198069331086,Not Recommended,310950,21293053,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Kevin Sorbo,"It's a travesty how bad this game is in its current state. How Capcom managed to♥♥♥♥♥♥away their time and produce this broken mess is beyond me.The great online system that was in 4 is nowhere to be seen here. The roster is barebones, the critical arts look like critical♥♥♥♥♥and the graphics are passable but by no means any better than 4.Save yourself some time and stay away from this game until a) it's given away for free or b) it's re-released as a finished product with a written apology."
76561198119239642,Not Recommended,310950,21261277,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Kunta_Kinte,connection issues.
,Recommended,310950,28124586,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ken Adams NSA,"Has evolved into a fully-featured and kick♥♥♥♥♥fighting game. If you're even somewhat of a fan of Street Fighter, pick this one up!"
,Recommended,310950,21848462,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Craterz79,"I understand both sides of the coin about the mixed reviews , but even with the little content the game has right now i'm having fun with it.If you like fighting games , you can't go wrong with buying this. Personally,  i don't care much for single player content i'm all about fighting other players.The netcode is not what i would have gone for , i prefer slowdowns to teleports ( Kaillera's options vs GGPO's options ) but i'm getting used to it and i don't have many matches where this happens.Overall i recommend the game , hopefully Capcom will take good care of it for years to come."
,Recommended,310950,22110823,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Gau,"Wonderful gameI seem to be one of those who is satisfied with the game without any doubt.It plays very good. I do not even want to return to SF4. I don't understand people, saying 16 chars are too low for a fighting game... Try to master one at least before requesting 40+ fighters. All the characters available are absolutely unique and interesting, so anyone could find his or her fighter.Lack of single player content does not bother me at all, maybe because I don't have enough time to squeese through the modes and just enjoy online.What I do love is the music here. A separate THANK YOU to the composer.I am not sure how the future DLCs will change my mind - there are thoughts that FM only will not be enough to get everything for free in an adequate period of time. We'll see...Anyway, the game is a brutal, picturesque, addictive and full of rhythm must have!"
,Recommended,310950,27930743,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Little Dragon,"Good game to start out with if you wanna get into fighting games. As of right now, it's definitely not worth the full price. Had a rocky start but hopefully Season 2 and onwards will hold brighter days."
,Recommended,310950,24842620,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Samsara,"I love Street Fighter, let me start there. Gameplay wise is great. Online is where the bull starts, taking forever to find a match, no ping info, matches are short so a lot of waiting little time actually playing. Let us play more than 3 sets. I know you can make your own lobby, but inviting people is a drag since there is no steam integration like sf4, also it only allows for one fight at the time so sit and wait in lobbies bigger than 2. There is few characters, but they are different and no clones. Would I recommend it, sure as a service game, for 20 or 30 dollars, not full price.  Capcom seems to be run by old people or corporate that is out of touch with what people want and what other fighting games offer."
,Not Recommended,310950,25297024,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,AwkwardLoser,"They design a horrendous Survival Mode and then have the balls to punish people for using mods in a single player mode in a game that laucnhed broken, RU kidding me!"
76561198350393158,Not Recommended,310950,32588976,Posted: 20 June,all,ziggy kepler,it dont work
76561198044106866,Recommended,310950,27335016,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Setsume,"Great game, it's a easy game for beginners to get on and try a fighting game for the first time. The DLC police and prices are not good."
76561198113677742,Recommended,310950,27458766,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zealotry,no words can express when I return back from playing Street Fighter ; last game is at arcade;  Super Street Fighter II: The New Challengers; dont ask what year is that; lol;  old school FGC gamer here baby !!!
76561198001900781,Recommended,310950,27508009,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,yagamikun,"Street Fighter V: The Fighting Game that doesn't know what it wants to be.Bottom Line:Purchase this if you really like the mechanics of fighting games and want an ""honest"" take on competitive play. If you are a casual fighting game fan, I would caution to steer clear until Capcom releases an update with more casual/single-player content.What Works:The moment to moment gameplay in a fighting game is why hardcore enthusiasts select certain games and stick with them. SFV has one of the most satisfying meta-systems in fighting games and has been fine-tuned by pro players through months of beta testing and QA. The game has a strong emphasis on fundamental play, spacing, and smart use of normal moves.Gameplay has been tweaked from SFIV to provide a more approachable system with the removal of many low-risk/high-reward link combos and the FOCUS attack system, however the V-Skill, V-Trigger, and V-Reversal systems create more individualized character strategy - and arguably more depth. Character trials are well designed and help to show players of any skill level how each character works and gives them ideas through the combos that the system presents to help the player to think of new ways to approach the skills they have learned. Training mode also deserve props for the amazing amount of options and recording features. Only Killer Instinct comes close to providing a training suite that is as robust as SFV.What Doesn't Work:SFV was made for, and still caters to the pro-player. Even 10 months post release, with 6 new characters for a total of 22, multiple new stages, and a few new game modes, there just isn't enough single player content to satisfy casual players. The individual character stories, overall story mode are FAR too easy even for the most novice player and provide very little actual gameplay. The Survival Mode has the worst difficulty spikes I've encountered in any fighting game - you can go from blowing through characters with relative ease and when you encounter a ""boss"" character they have the adept readability of a pro player who has been playing for years. Even the most seasoned players cannot best this mode. It's uneven and sloppy. There is no Arcade mode to sit through while waiting (AEONS) for online match play or to provide a robust single player experience. Basically, there is little reward structure built in to keep a casual player coming back for more. The only reward structure built in focuses on online ranked play.The Presentation:Where SFIV has a wonderful, fun presentation that focuses on the series storied history with great artwork and tons of menu options, SFV takes a more minimalist approach to menu design and presents something that would feel more at home on a smartphone or tablet. It's boring, doesn't get you excited to play the game, and has little to offer the user in interesting content.Where the menu system fails though, the in game graphics are absolutely beautiful. If you can run this game in 4K/60, you will be treated with a visual feast of highly detailed and colorful characters that seemingly pop out of the screen. The post-process special effects really add a lot of character to an already stylized game as well. Even running in 1080p the game still shines. The background run at half the frame rate (30fps) to ensure that action between the two characters stays at a constant 60fps. While many backgrounds are great, there are a few that have colors or effects that distract from the fight. Kanzuki Beach, Airplane, and 4 Generals stages are the most notorious and have been banned from tournament play due to their distracting nature.Overall, I'll recommend this game to any fighting game enthusiast or for any player that is looking to get into fighting games because they are interested in the mechanics only. If you are a casual player looking to relive the glory days of the 90s playing SF with your friends, I'd highly recommend Ultra Street Fighter 4 instead."
,Recommended,310950,27910164,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cr4CkOz,This game is just Epic !
,Recommended,310950,27925387,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jes,"WarningIf you plan on getting a season pass, do not purchase anything included in said pass with fight money. you will not get the Fight money back.Ahem..I'll recommend it, only because its simple enough to get the fight money for every character unlock right now.I still play it here and there, so I do feel I've got my money's worth..It's just that there are better fighting games to play right now.Thats not to say its Terrible, oh no, there are terrible fighting games on steam, but this one is completely mediocre.The fun things to note would be V skills and V triggers, giving characters a little more individuality than just their special moves. That's it. I can't think of anything else.At the very least, street fighter does help a lot to keep the fighting game community going, but it sure feels like it could be doing so much more.I would suggest getting the other higher rated fighting games before picking this up."
76561198048296087,Recommended,310950,26832405,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rafiki,It's better than nothing  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Recommended,310950,26862266,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZergToss,Just press more buttons.
,Recommended,310950,27444381,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BIG PAPA BURGERS,Its fun!
,Recommended,310950,27502763,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JuJu,getting better
76561198032189327,Recommended,310950,27535315,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,aeligos,"This game is actually very entertaining!  I'm new to the fighter genre, having played mostly strategy, RPG and FPS.The DLC content is very appealing, and as an added benefit, some of the funds go to help increase tournment prizes.  And regarding the tournaments... man, so much HYPE!!I love SFV and now the genre is one of my favorites.GLHF"
,Recommended,310950,27912306,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Inifinirice,Pretty good game. Just make sure you have a good controller to back it up/
,Recommended,310950,27992503,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xander Ford,"OK READ THIS IF YOU WANT TO BUY SFV!!! ***UPDATEDMY OPINION:-First of all, this game is more focused into E-Sports and online!-There is singleplayer story mode and its not as good as you may expect.-DLC can be grinded to acquire which is fun.-Very fun and addicting.-You need a controller.-Not worth getting it full price.-***Very competetiveBUY DURING SALE!!!!!PROS:-Smooth fighting mechanics and not alot of cheese.-Match making alright I guess.-DLC is not an option to buy.-Very entertaining to play for hours-***Characters aare fun to playCONS:-NOT WORTH THE FULL PRICE-Weak story mode-Weird UI (not a big deal)-***Lack of Aracde mode-***DLC are split into seasons!!!!!"
,Recommended,310950,28851136,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Vasslippy,"Awesome game, Very nostalgic, will always love the series. Just drop the prices CapCom!"
76561197961483223,Recommended,310950,28601724,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sensationo,"Street Fighter V is a really great fighting game, I would recommened it to any Street FIghter fan, Also any new fighting game fan well enjoy it as the combo system and v-system are fairly easy to understand and do. The biggest problem I have with the game currently is that my network connection and location results in me getting more laggers and rollback in my fights than I would like. I would still recommend this game to anyone who enjoys fighting games."
,Recommended,310950,28851379,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,enko,"SUMMARY:Only buy this on sale. I paid $20, totally worth it.THE BAD:People pay 60 for this game and are still incentivized to unlock some of the characters through point grind?This is a bit of an odd choice Capcom.Maybe give away the game for free then, and lock everything but 4 core characters, if you're going with that model. But if you charge full price and then nickle and dime people to get all stages/chars unlocked - its a bit sleazy. Also the reason I waited for a massive sale to buy this game. And I will again in the future.I bought this on Holiday sale for $20. Totally worth it even with locked content. Not gonna spend a dime more - as its really not worth it and not the practice I would ever support from a publisher.Menus take too much time, and are mostly in the way. Menu design is awful and disjointed, like different person did every single page at different time and then scrambled to make it all work together. Two different ""wait/load"" indicators is a dead giveaway of compartmentilized design team.Less interface Capcom, more Street Fighter. Less wait time, more fight time. Less loading, more gameplay.THE GOOD:Excellent base mechanics. Love the new timings and balance on characters. Game feels even more skill based than last release of SF4, if thats possible to imagine. This is THE TECHNICAL fighting game.I am using THQ 6 button controller - The Zangief Controller used by Snake Eyez - loving it.Online features as of the date of this review - work pretty well. No problems so far.Game is still gorgeous, but is starting to show its age due to baked in lighting (and ugly menus). I hope SF6 is a completely new direction with a talented designer guiding the interface design."
,Recommended,310950,28872584,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DarkDikat,"Street Fighter V is good game with really great mechanics. The only bad thing abou is that their DLC is really overpriced. Why can't Capcom be like Rockstar with GTA 5? At least they gave out their content for free. I mean if Capcom wanted make money out of the DLC, then charge the costumes and colors and just leave the characters and stages free. Buy this game if you want to play against people from PC or PS4. If you want it for the story then go look for another game, it's not that good. Just get the game on sale for $20. Overall it's good for just simplying playing the game but not for dlc. I am a Street Fighter fan, so why not buy it? Recommend for online or local matches."
,Not Recommended,310950,34320411,Posted: 17 August,all,Super saiyan Rosé Goku Black,"If you want to play Street Fighter game play the older generations personally I recomend Ultra Street Fighter IV(My favorite x3). The Game isn't awful I'll say that it just feels empty and way overpriced unless you really want a good looking Street fighter game(not worth it at all by the way). Dlc aren't helping the game either since you can get all the character thru boring long grinding and the costumes are whatever I only liked one and that's because I'm a anime fan so derp.And if you say I didn't play that much keep in mind I have two accounts were in the second one I played 50h+ Its not alot still but its enough for me to dislike it.Heck, I'll make it even more simple. Don't buy it, it's not worth it at all.I Give it a ROSÉ STAB IN THE GODDAMN CHEST"
,Recommended,310950,33265041,Posted: 5 July,all,Librehold,Netcode is a bit of a problem but the game is fun.
,Recommended,310950,33231184,Posted: 4 July,all,Versalite,Paid characters make no sense. And there are some minor visual bugs. But everything else is fine.
,Not Recommended,310950,21402166,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Drew,"Servers are still down constantly, and when they are up, matches are laggy. Third-party controllers are not supported, so you would have to download third-party software to bind them to keys."
76561197998010365,Not Recommended,310950,32550409,Posted: 18 June,all,e_boulanger,"Capcom has betrayed a big part of its fan base with SFV.  The game, and everything around it, stinks of ""Online Play"" only  There is nothing enjoyable for ""offline"" gamers.  I bought the game last year, but played less than 7 hours with it.  I simply can not find any reason to go back to it.  Here is what is wrong with it:1. No decent arcade mode. Survival mode is a joke compared to a real arcade mode.  I played with Chun-Li at 3 occasions in survival mode, and on these 3 occasions, I fough the same adversaries, in the same order, on the same maps.  How lame is that.  Simply not enjoyable.2. Not enough maps.  In previous SF games (like the Street Fighter Alpha Series), each character has its own map.  In SFV, you have a very limited choice (unless you pay for more).  For example, in survival mode, you only play on 2 or 3 different maps.3. Character story mode is simply aweful. I don't even know why they bothered including this nonsense in the game.4. Badly optimized compared to other games (but I think the engine is the culprit here, Unreal Engine 4 I think)5. Unlocking costumes and maps requires fight money.  And the way to get more fight money is to go online.  You could pay for them with real money, but they are not worth it.6. Season's pass new characters are so-so, and you don't have access to new maps (you still have to pay for them)In short, Capcom made SFV for Online Fighters ONLY.  If you are an Online fighter, this game is for you, you'll like it.  If you are not, forget Street Fighter V (and probably all future SF games) because Capcom sees only an Online future for this franchise."
76561197974298466,Recommended,310950,24033672,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,LASVEGAS,The cinematic story mode is one of the best in the genre!
76561197973771310,Not Recommended,310950,23318384,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,-=|CT|=- Plunderwondr,"Apparently they forgot to put this game in the greenlight section, game is in a late alpha early beta state.Xbox One controllers don\'t work, PS4 controller required additional software,  arcade sticks default to the wrong default buttons. I assume these will be corrected before full release.Online is still incomplete, may not be intended for a competitive game unless they plan on updating that before they finish the game.You get 2/6 of the season\'s pass characters for free already so those who buy the season pass may feel like it\'s a steep price for something that\'s already in the game for free.Slower version of street fighter IV blends with a mortal kombat esk feel to create weird slowmo overall feel while rewarding aggressive plays at least in online play.Hope the developer decides to finish this game it has great potential, just a bunch of system tweaks required to make it a viable game for competitive and casuals alike."
76561197962387401,Not Recommended,310950,33010914,Posted: 29 June,all,ham,"do not go anywhere near this shee'ite, awful, awful, awfulk. played it for a year never got better (online) stay away."
,Recommended,310950,33020667,Posted: 29 June,all,SirMayorMcCheese,"One the most conflicting positive reviews I've ever had for a game.First let's get the elephant in the room out of the way...The business model is utterly atrocious.I understand fighting games have a hard time making bank, but this is not the way to treat the consumer. Additional characters, stages, skins, etc can either be bought with money or the in-game currency, Fight Money. For the average day working person you will not realistically purchase everything with Fight Money so you either deal with that or cave.... However, with that out of the way...To slam the gameplay is completely unfair based on displeasure of how they deal with content unlocks. I understand it, but it doesn't change the fact that this is one of the most solid, fun, fighters out there. I will not compare it to Tekken 7 because they are very different, and both great in there own right. SF5 is much more welcome to newcomers but very difficult to master. Matches play out like high-speed chess matches, and while the learning curve can be frustrating when starting, I can easily say it is also one of the most satisfying feelings to get better in this game. Put the time into it, and you will be rewarded in ways not a lot of other games can replicate. Wait for a sale, pick a fighter, master them, enjoy."
,Not Recommended,310950,32380804,Posted: 12 June,all,Zoylster,"Rootkit, bad online and the horrible lack of features on launch aside:No spacing or footsies, mostly reduced to random 50-50s and the same set-ups over and over again, as they are unreactable.Animations and some characters look like they were made by hobbyists.The developer does not care what the community wants, even simple fixes like giving 2p a ready button in vs.If you like fighting games, play something like Guilty Gear, Tekken, Blazblue or King of Fighters."
76561197961126604,Recommended,310950,28808348,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Robeso,"The release was underwhelming to say the least, but its coming along nicely now. Would rather they postponed it 6 months, but what we have now is pretty good."
76561198048358554,Recommended,310950,29516888,Posted: 27 January,all,Zaimox,"the game is good but only if you buy it at a sale, you can get most of the characters by playing the game (character story, general story, trials, watching demonstrations and easy survival) you can easily get 4 dlc characters with FM doing this and more if you manage to beat medium survival with many characters. Good fighting game for me and online is good"
76561198102229592,Recommended,310950,29416841,Posted: 22 January,all,shkeelowdangs,its ok
76561198141467455,Recommended,310950,28712889,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SnoKingXBL,For $20 this is pretty fun. I wouldn't pay more.The only downside is the consistent crashing. Why are we having these issues? RIPYou can get mods so don't waste your money on skins.
76561198051268496,Recommended,310950,29232729,Posted: 13 January,all,Amon de Hawk,I hate this game but i do love it as well - isdd
76561198045223217,Not Recommended,310950,30917454,Posted: 3 April,all,Alphonse,"Running i7 6700k, gtx 1070 with 16 gigs of ram with very fast internet yet I still experience frame stutters...60fps going to 1 or 3 fps.  It is very annoying since this game depends on timing and frame rate drops makes this game virtually unplayable ""as is.""  I do not recommend buying this game, I will not ask for a refund as I feel sorry for Capcom for releasing this game and my money will hopefully provide incentive for them to not release another disappointing port of a game."
76561198121370805,Recommended,310950,23861585,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sexy Rexy,fun time
,Recommended,310950,24565647,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,KeeperOfWind,"The game is great, after waiting to buy it on sale mostly all the huge game breaking problems are fixed.If you have a madcatz fightstick TE2/TE2+ fightstick you can download a patch from Madcatz to fix the issues with the sticks not being supported.Overall the game is great and can't wait to see new characters and stages in the future."
,Not Recommended,310950,25656598,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Dude,INSTALLS A ROOTKIT
76561197975144389,Not Recommended,310950,25656917,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Demodokhos,"This game installs a backdoor on your PC that, among other things, disables SMEP security controls on your PC (https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/545cjy/sfvs_new_pc_update_is_accessing_kernel_level_in/d7z4eev).  It's effectively a rootkit.  You should delete this game immediately and manually remove capcom.sys from C:\windows\system32 directory."
,Recommended,310950,32907495,Posted: 27 June,all,Garbage,Street Fighter V is a finished product.
,Recommended,310950,27493595,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Atomsk Trotacielos A Todo Gas,"Decent game, that could have been amazing. Damn you Capcom and your lazyness. Playstyle and game mechanics are amazing. Still needs tons, of love, hope it gets better on season 2.PS: DLC content is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t tho, you have to grind forever to unlock something (also you cant unlock everything, most of costumes are pay content, also very expensive)."
,Recommended,310950,28571819,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,hazed,pretty good
76561198138173608,Recommended,310950,28573172,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SKLH,Still the best fighting game.
,Not Recommended,310950,28969542,Posted: 3 January,all,v o y a g e r,"Having all of the characters in a fighting game is really too much to ask? It is impossible to get all of the characters just from buying the base game. You will be able to get some of them using the in game currency but you will not get enough to buy them all, especially when they add more of them (season 2 currently).I bought this game when it was $20 dollars during the steam christmas sale, and $20 is still too much when you take into account that just to get all of the characters, it will cost you $50 more. This is not taking into account that many of the stages and costumes are locked in the same way. If you just want the game and all of the characters for the past two seasons, it will run you $110, and that is just for the first two seasons alone. If they are planning on updating this game with characters until 2020, the game with all the characters (not countring stages/outfits/etc) will be a ludicrous price when all of the characters are put into it.The game is great, but the business model is insulting and manipulative. Taking advantage of a smaller but dedicated community in this way is absolutely disgusting. Don't buy this game full price unless you just won the lottery. You've already seen a million reviews already saying all of this, but I want to add one more help to try and get the steam reviews tag to ""negative"" instead of ""mixed."" The game itself is great, but their business model is not worth the effort and money."
76561198042934407,Recommended,310950,27210017,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Strataz,a game that fustrates me beyond belief.... but wont hesitate to call one of my favorite games.
76561198122074642,Not Recommended,310950,32464631,Posted: 15 June,all,Foxxx,I can't believe I paid 60 dollars for this game. Literally every other fighting game has more to offer in everyway and cost less. Guess fighter 5 is a no for me please save your money
76561198093534034,Recommended,310950,33296496,Posted: 5 July,all,Dandrigg,Fun and competitive fighting game. Looks nice and feels nice.
,Recommended,310950,32301960,Posted: 9 June,all,achm1977,"This is not so much a review as a cautionaty tale.The fighting mechanics are there, they feel fresh and intuitive, the characters are diverse and interesting, the graphics and audio are very well made, the UI is so-so.However, SFV is not a game that is complete. It lacks tons of content, no arcade mode, it's unfriendly towards casual players. Don't get me wrong, it's not a barebones e-sports title, there is fun to be had, However you must know what you're buying into.Content is being added but there is too much DLC, too much of a modern touch that sort of ruins the arcade experience of the past. I don't know if I'm happy or disappointed with that fact. I don't feel betrayed, I don't feel Capcom did an half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥job... I just expected more than simply logging in, starting a casual or ranked match and ,,, that's about it.A missed opportunity for sure but a very deep fighting game underneath the naked exterior."
,Not Recommended,310950,34542299,Posted: 27 August,all,The Bearding of Beardo,"Maybe I havent given it enough of a chance, and ill go back and change my review if I feel different about the game later. But christ this game. Don't get me wrong, i love alot of the changes to the characters, Charlie and M. Bison are so much better in this version, but thats all I can really think thats better in this game. The starting roster is tiny, the mechanics are shallower then a glass of water, the V-triggers are underwhelming, (the Ultra Combos were so much more satisfying), and the characters look like play-doh. Im not really a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥, but SF4 still looks good, and runs alot better on my slightly above terrible toaster. Just buy street fighter 4, alot of people still play it and it his 3 times the content."
,Recommended,310950,28022365,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,El Robe,"Bueno para las retas online, muy balanceado, pero carece de modo arcade"
,Recommended,310950,27329168,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Batvader,"Antes eu achava MKX melhor, mas agora  que adaptei ao jogo, acho SFV superior, ahahah"
,Recommended,310950,28168142,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Trial,"As someone who is new to fighting games (i've actually tried plenty of them, but never learned how to play further than button mashing and some very basic moves), i've found SFV to be a pretty good game for learning. After watching guides/pro matches and completing challenges Now i can at least put some combos together as Ryu, and kinda know how to react to things. It was pretty fun. Singleplayer campaign is some weird stuff, but still is fun.Other than that, the game looks great, runs well for me. Microtransactions are pretty horrible and the game isn't worth the full price, especially with the DLC characters, but i still think the game is good."
76561197992309075,Recommended,310950,27318422,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vlafaris,"#1 nominee for the ""WHOOOAAAAAAA, DUDE!"" award right there >.>"
76561198009664432,Not Recommended,310950,34398306,Posted: 21 August,all,Maybe,50% off is still 50% too much to pay for this.
,Recommended,310950,28367722,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Wakdikyat,awesome gameplay.. need  more characters.
76561198245401172,Recommended,310950,28181650,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TheLydonKing,It's a good game.The gameplay is fantastic and it's recieving consistent updates. The previous problems have been mainly addressed. Definetly worth jumping into.
,Recommended,310950,28661970,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sadboy,Love the game but jesus you need to be able to search for a game in the background!!!!!!!!!
76561198053567468,Not Recommended,310950,34617123,Posted: 30 August,all,Rable1,"It's impossible to find any online match in less than 10 minutes (best case scenario). I just tried to find a match for around 30 minutes and still waiting. Big disappointment since I purchased this game one year ago. Too bad because otherwise the game is good, but there is no point in doing training mode for hours without any fight showing up."
,Not Recommended,310950,25651392,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,TripSin,Capcom? More like Crapcom. Please don't give this company any of your money. Please just let them die. Gaming will be better off without Capcom and Capcom-like practices.
,Not Recommended,310950,21248686,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,fundando,"I was so excited for this, but it ended up being dissapointing.My biggest gripe immedialtely is that it was not support for generic joysticks. IV did this so well, so why exclude this here? I don't want to have to run a third party app for something that should be in any fighting game on pc.Another huge issue I am getting is the game plays at half speed anytime I am gettting less than 60 frames Seriously!?Also, how the heck do you release a fighting game with no arcade mode? That should be the most basic mode in any fighting game. SMH Capcom.Network is having all kinds of issues, but that is almost to be expected. If I just had a decent arcade mode, I could keep myself entertained playing through with the different characters."
76561198076584195,Not Recommended,310950,23125576,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Immortal1ty,C'mon man. I didn't pay $60 to wait for Akuma. Ridiculous...
,Not Recommended,310950,32713866,Posted: 23 June,all,UncleSalty,"the game needs updates to its controller settings and is a nightmare to set up, fun game other than that but with all the bugs it feels unfinished."
,Not Recommended,310950,34184851,Posted: 11 August,all,Danken55,OK time change my review so i test the street fighter 5 out with out using tethering use my phone as hotspot for i can use it play or use it for internet and online stuff so i took it off works perfectly but when i put it back on stop working so if ur trying play this on mobile phone with fast 4glite speed with tethering wont work but if ur using hotspot with out pluging it in then u can play street fighter 5 but if u using USB on tethering wont work because make game slow or whatever so i test it and it was my phone that can not work on tethering use it online i have use hotspot or brondband  internet but funny thing is all my other games work just fine online with tethering use internnet through my phone act like hotspot anyways so i can play online but i have use hotspot for this game only i cant use tethering play with USB so game still crappy anyways and not because of netcode its the game play it self. ANyways so find probelm if i want play this game i got use hotspot on my phone or use cable.
,Not Recommended,310950,34711494,Posted: 3 September,all,Marcelo Sampaio,"Still waiting for an arcade mode, just like ALL Street Fighter games before it had.When Capcom releases an arcade mode, I'll do a propper review. For now, I don't recommend this game for people who don't like playing online, like me."
,Recommended,310950,28509248,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Tomakh,"Most of the problems from launch have been fixed now - gameplay is simpler than SF4 and lots of other fighters on the market but still fun to play. If you're looking for single player content I'd say there's just enough now to justify a purchase, although there's still no arcade mode."
,Not Recommended,310950,32737959,Posted: 24 June,all,Cheesypuff Jigglypuff,"This game is a complete mess. Constant dlc additions and a completely random and 50/50 based gameplay. Along with the terrible support from Capcom, this game secures its spot as one of the worst games in the Street Fighter series. I would suggest anyone interested in this game to play KOF XIV or Tekken instead."
76561197980012320,Recommended,310950,22112185,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Zigzogg,"if you like fighting games, this is the one to play"
,Recommended,310950,22088800,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,TrapKode,so here we are...we meet again street fighter only this time its a little sad... but only a little. i love the game itself i think the controls are great and dont really have many complaints. we need to see arcade mode.. i think thats very important to have in any fighting game but i dont have one major issue...the rage quitters. the frequency is so high that i dont even bother to play online anymore and i do accept a match i feel safer playing someone in a roomo ive set up or a casual match because i dont see a motive for them to rage quit but ranked matches have a terrible rep in this game they need to be punished severely... maybe online suspension or just a rank wipe where they lose their whole rank for rage quitting after losing a certain amount of hp and depending on how many rounds has passed so that people that just happened to lose connection by accident foreal dont get penalized  but is really ruining the game for us real players with actual balls to take a loss. so idk i guess i reccomend the game but dont get your hopes up in a match online because rage quitters rule this game.ps...i make beats holla atcha boy
,Recommended,310950,22111752,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,CHAMPSCYTHE,♥♥♥♥ing amazing..
,Recommended,310950,22089576,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Dallas Uzumaki,"This game is the best evercool graphicsexcellent performancebut it needs unlimited survival mode.arcade mode,and cinematic story mode \but....why can't i access the shop?even though i recommend it"
76561198030652133,Recommended,310950,22385789,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,SIKSHADOW,"Yo, If you wanna go dumb, I'll go dumb with you. You have to do WORK and don't even think about taking the credit. My Birdie, outta control, Laura, outta control and that Eggnog, definitely outta control. You wanna pick this game up."
,Not Recommended,310950,23091672,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,CrimsonMantis,"When Capcom actually makes a ranking system that they adhere to(why in the world would you make ranks like bronze, silver, gold and platinum, and then putting low ranked players against incredibly high ranking ones?), when they make a rage-quit punishment that actually ACTS as a deterent(banning a player from playing for a little bit - maybe - has not stopped anyone, especially high ranking players, from ragequitting. An automatic loss, a decrease in rank, giving the win to the player that was CLEARLY rage-quit against. THOSE are deterrents. Not picking a punishment and applying it... sometimes), when some of the characters are patched again(the only character I have a real gripe against right now is the one I seem to face the least, and that's Birdie and his headbutt uppercut that seems to have a very wide and nonsensical hitbox), and, of course, when there is a mode for casual players to ""get gud"" at(sorry, survival mode is a mess, and though they tried with the trials, and some of them are realy useful, I'd love if there was a sort of ""real world"" application, a way to teach a player when to use it, even thugh that's a very personal thing and not at all needed), that's when I can start really enjoying the game. As it is, it just seems like I'm never on the verge of enjoying the game, because there are so many glaring problems that are fixable, that should have been priority(I mean there are latency problems left over from the BETA, which you'd think would have been solved by now), and just... weren't. Ignoring the fact that there is no real single player mode, you'd think that the modes offered would be at least functional,and if they were, it'd just come down to a matter of taste - whether you like the core game, or you don't. For me, it's the fact that the functionality is off, that makes it hard to continue to play it... even if I want to see what happens with the rest of the DLC characters.Maybe i'm just griping because I'm tired of getting rage-quit on when I win knowing nothing real substantial will happen to them, losing to very high ranking players, dealing with a perfectly running game in one round and then a laggy mess in the next two, having no real single player mode to play when I just want cpu practice... or Birdie's wide range headbutt. Who knows at this point? I just can't recommend this game right now."
76561198049664876,Not Recommended,310950,23146038,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,zolozero,To much lag for a game that was supposed to be more online focused
,Not Recommended,310950,23090124,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,RICE,"For a Street Fighter game that has such a heavy online focus...Why does it have a horrible online netcode?Why does ANY lag make it unplayable when other games, such as Skullgirls orStreet Fighter III: 3rd Strike Online Edition, allows for compensation?Why does it not punish rage quitters?Also why the hell are colors locked behind survival mode? Most of my game time has been in that grinding it out to unlock everything god damn. Now I got no content to fall back on because online sucks, I physically can not get a better connection, I can't even use my joystick natively.I'm going back to Fightcade. I get a more engaging experience playing against the old Japanese gods."
76561198027874817,Recommended,310950,24003200,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Skkkrrrrtttt,"It's Street Fighter. The game that put fighting games on the map. The game that made the Fighting Game Community what it is today.Street Fighter 5 has a lower barrier to entry compared to Street Fighter 4. Combos are shorter for most characters, and they are much easier to pull off. However, don't be fooled by what some people have said about this game. Spacing is key, sure. But at the end of the day it all goes back to mixups and pressure.The game now has a Story Mode which will hopefully stop all these whiny Rookie/Bronze ranked losers from ranting about an ""incomplete"" game despite the developer warning players in advance that the game wouldn't have such features until after launch.This game was made for competition. If you don't plan to at least play online and hone your skills then honestly what !@# are you doing buying a fighting game.To those who are new to fighters and are looking for something accessible: Heres your sign.Hopefully I'll see you in Round 1."
,Recommended,310950,24063772,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Madrox8,"recently finished the cinamatic story on EXTRA mode and it was extreamly good with the difficulty it provided, survival mode is meh, its jsut a spot to unlock colours, no arcade mode which atm is the only thing that disapoints me. the onlline mode is full of competitive players so if thats your thing then go for it! but for single players there isnt a whole lot, survival or story.as for no direct input, JoytoKey is what i use to get around it, it sucks i have to do that but its the only way id be able to use a controller, what it is is a program that maps buttons on a controler to press certain keys on a keyboard, its great for playing flash games with, and its great for games that do not have direct input (such as this game)"
76561198088059418,Recommended,310950,28792171,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,iCb4uC,idk why people hate this game so much.Not big fan of sf. I bought this game on sale and this game looks pretty solid and runs pretty well my mid end gaming pc. Didnt have any issues yet. Played few online matches there was no lag. Only problem is paywall but at least u can unlock characters with game events to. I unlocked 3 characters just completing stories and trials in 2 days.  If ur fan one of locked characters just play stories for a 1 hour and u can easily unlock it.Buy it on sale. It deserves to try.
76561197968595837,Recommended,310950,28799427,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BanyanVINES,"I read about the rough launch of this title and held off until 12/28/16. When I got in I found a game that has some serious flaws but lots of good parts. Also, since I waited for the Steam winter sale I got the base package for $20, which seems entirely fair. I haven't ever played a fighting game super seriously, but I'm a huge fan of SFII (arcade and snes) and also of the Soul Calibur series. This game is scratching my fighting game itch nicely in a way that SFIV just didn't. The action feels great, the netcode feels okay when playing against opponents on my continent, and the character allotment and DLC packages are entirely reasonable. I'm going to invest some serious time into this title and see if (a) it's possible for a 36-year-old to compete on a basic level and (b) the community and long-term support are really in place. Regardless of my findings, $20 is well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,310950,28576007,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,pamanes7,not as fun as SFIV but very competitive and solid graphics and gameplay
,Recommended,310950,29211806,Posted: 12 January,all,cronic666,very gut game=)
,Recommended,310950,24008554,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Keyworked,"After the release of the single player story mode (with which I was pretty happy playing through), Balrog, Ibuki, and the announcement and previewing of Juri and Urien, I'd say this game is shaping up to be very much worth your coin, especially at $40. Would absolutely reccommend if you're looking for a fighter that's relatively easy to get into. PC version is pretty well optomized in my experience."
,Not Recommended,310950,25266682,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,June,"The game-play is great- If a little more limited than most previous entries in the SF franchise.Everything else remains bad at best including; one sided roll-back issues, clipping, poor single player experience, unreasonably long load times.Capcom's business acumen remain terrible and anti-customer. In particular is their complete inability to communicate with customers."
,Recommended,310950,28541621,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,7md,"fantastic gameplay, great graphics, unique characters.tense matches! highly recommeneded"
76561198068192905,Not Recommended,310950,21260371,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,stonerrrock,"Incomplete. Can barely find online ranked matches. Multiple users having issues with connecting their sticks. Story mode is like 4 fights/char and the AI is almost inexistent. Cant create lobby, so if you wanted to play a friend, forget it. No challenge mode...for some reason. This is lack of respect."
76561198013567888,Not Recommended,310950,27556220,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,rsette,"Save your hard earned money and stay away of this mess of a game.If you are a Street Fighter fan, don't let the images and a videos fool you. This game is a broken mess; no option to change language; does not save graphic settings or story mode progress and no arcade mode. Moreover, the game was launched incomplete, with no story mode, few characters and it was made to suck every litlle penny of yours with microtransactions.The fighting system is Ok, but you should wait until they fix the game and release a new version called Street Fighter V Turbo or Super Street Fighter V Unbroken edition."
76561198090234955,Not Recommended,310950,30923889,Posted: 3 April,all,biu,"Crapcom does it again!Another franchise gone down the drain.My rig can play MKX at maximum specs without problems but for this sorry excuse of a game it suffers from massive slowdowns even on low specs mode.Bottom line. This game is worth getting (maybe) IF it is at 90% discount.ORBetter yet, get the other superior fighting games on steam. KOFXIII works perfectly and that's 5 years older than this POS game."
76561198375396575,Recommended,310950,31254562,Posted: 20 April,all,abrodieballard,"Fun game, I just hope they keep updating it and adding content that should have been there in the first place."
76561198129107302,Not Recommended,310950,32239110,Posted: 7 June,all,Sworaski,"Man o Man....... Capcom.... You are too greedy. I've lived and grown with Street Fighter and Capcom in general. I've always loved them, and I'm a Street Fighter Fanatic. Street Fighter 4 is when it got real bad. Even to get that game now with all its DLC it's gonna cost you. O, but 5 is a whole new level of extortion. Dangling timed exclusive DLC that is so overpriced, like any dlc tied to this game. I missed the Halloween DLC cause I did'nt check in for a while. C'mon Capcom If your gonna make me pay an arm and a leg at least let me get the DLC when I can afford to. I almost passed out back when they announced SF4, but this one has got me so dissapointed. All of the above, and then the removal of the close normals was a shot to the soul, lol. You guys already nerfed Marvel vs Capcom 3s' attack system, I hope so bad you have more normal attacks in MVC 4, but i know it'll probably be identicle to 3. Maybe I'll give this a chance when they show me I'll at least one day have the ability to get the DLC they pulled, Im a completionist, and a huge horror fan so the haloween one hurt. We need Q and Twelve. Especially Q."
,Recommended,310950,27301751,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cooks2826,"Pros:+ Each character is unique (Even Ken and Ryu are significantly different)+ Runs smoothly+ Cross compatible with PS4 and PC (Large community)+ Much easier to get into in comparison than Street Fighter IV+ Most DLC can be bought with money earned in-game+ Good match making and balance system+ Multiple colours and costumes for all fightersCons:- HUGE lack of singleplayer content (Surivival Mode, Story mode and VS CPU)- Lacking an Arcade mode- Surivival mode is near impossible towards harder levels, CPU's react within 1 frame- Some V-Skills are quite lack luster, Karin's and Ibuki's are pratically the sameConclusion:Street Fighter V is the BASE game to get if you are willing to start learning and playing fighting games. Combos are not too complex, and due to the matchmaking system you SHOULD be put with people around your skill set online. However, if you are looking for singleplayer content I would recommend waiting until an Arcade mode has been developed as the singleplayer content is lackluster. Story missions for each character are a breeze to get through (About 2-5 minutes with each character) and the General story lasts around 3 hours. Overall, if you are looking to buy Street Fighter V as a gateway into fighting games then I believe it would be perfect for you due to the ""easy to learn, hard to master"" basis the game has formed itself around. Yet, if you are more of a casual player, just looking for a good singleplayer experience then i couldn't recommend this game to you."
76561198079376701,Recommended,310950,23573606,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,SaltKing98,"Street Fighter V.Pros:Easy to pick up and learn, but it still makes you work to get to the top.A very nice and unique soundtrack for each character, for example F.A.N.G he has a very well suited soundtrack for his character.Impressive visuals  on critical arts and specials.Character models look much more ""Human"" unlike Street Fighter 4.Free DLC Characters, you can earn 40000 points in no time, really no reason for moaning. If you're playing this game enough it should be no problem.Voice acting on point as always such as M. BISON!Cons:I really do hate the ranking system in this game,  if you are mid-low level you will be mostly be facing Super Silver to plat, which means you are not ranking up or down, you are just getting your♥♥♥♥♥beat every time. This is gonna turn away casuals for sure.The price of this game to me is too much, £44 is a bit steep if your just gonna be learning for 100+ hours to beat themThats all I can do for cons.Summary:Sure you could say this game is ""unfinished"" but what do you buy Street Fighter for, to play solo offline and arcade? No.I have encounterd no bugs or glitches with the game either.Anyway, if you like the Street Fighter Series you are gonna love this game either way."
,Recommended,310950,24019553,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Demian,"The best fighting game available on PC.Unfortunately I was one of the early adopters of MKX on PC.  We got a broken game, and that is all.  No attemp to fix it.Street Fighter V on the other hand is very well polished.  The gameplay is smooth, I've never seen it go less than 60fps, and the characters and stages look gorgeous.  Finished the story mode last night and I loved it.  Stylistically true to story telling in the franchise (the standard being set by SFII the Animated Movie).  I've picked up every fighting game for PC (GG, BB, SG, USFIV, KI) and SFV is by far the best.  It's the most fun in gameplay, prettiest in graphics, and has as much depth as you need to sustain the top FGC around."
,Recommended,310950,29512385,Posted: 26 January,all,SimplePotato,I liked this because it has more intresting characters and a better storyline. NIce job!
76561197993702662,Not Recommended,310950,34367448,Posted: 20 August,all,Malkathius,"There is no skill ceiling, only the floor which you must sit still."
,Recommended,310950,26722430,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Wegra,"So maybe it wasn't as good and has less content as IV. But at least they finally brought back Alex, R.Mika, Urien and Karin. The story was great too and to me was the biggest selling point.Otherwise screw what everyone else says when this goes on sale for a cheaper price like 20-30 bucks then give this a whirl. If youre a hardcore sf fan def buy it asap"
,Not Recommended,310950,21247482,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Method Man,DISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERDISCONNECTED FROM SERVERand sometimes it says...DISCONNECTED FROM SERVER
76561197990112576,Not Recommended,310950,21248640,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Gnizia,"Garbage,,, They rushed this game big time.no single player... contents? not a deal breaker,but a professional fighting game without Arade Stick support ???They mentioned about working on it... really...is this open beta now? Feb 16 2016 lolThis game is much better now, since its relase date. GJ Capcom!!"
76561198042095847,Recommended,310950,24109234,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,JakZx,"Bought it after the update during the Summer-Sale and compared to other fighting games, it really isn't bad at all.The Gameplay is what you'd expect from a SF-Game, Story mode is a nice little extra, graphics are amazing, netcode has been fine so far, some laggy games every once in a while, but that's it. There is a pretty cool tutorial, which can really help anyone who is new to fighting games. I personally don't like the inclusion of the fight money, but i guess it's a way to keep people motivated. And if you REALLY want to play with all the characters you can always buy the DLC, but that's a different story. Only other complaint is, that some of the alternate costumes are 3.99 each, even if you've bought the season pass, keep that in mind, even though it doesn't really affect the game.Overall, it is one of the better fighting games. Would recommend!"
,Not Recommended,310950,21256717,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,SynC[+],"No native support for my Joystick nor rebinds for Keyboard. 1st fighting game in my life that I'm unable to play due to ACTUAL physical limitations. Thanks to the the lack of arcade mode, the only way to play a match is to play online VS console owners with proper controllers and get destroyed while you play whack-a-mole with your keyboard. So much for #PCMUSTARDRACE lel#RISEUP*Update 20/2/16* - From the upcoming patch notes, it seems like Capcom is aware and will actually patch the controls (Joystick and Keyboard bindings) along with some misc bugfixes. If the patch is as good as it sounds, I'll revise my review on this game.*Update 3/5/16* - I think its apparent that Capcom flat out lied in their earlier announcement in a futile attempt at damage control. We have yet to receive a patch to fix controller/keyboard input issues but instead we get MOAR DLC characters *KACHING INTENSIFIES*"
,Not Recommended,310950,22980986,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,KNUCKL3Z_27,"I really hope this game doesn't end up like another fighting game that got P.C. support dropped... I love the Street Fighter series, but please finish the game. Some people really do care about offline play. (Where's arcade mode? Who will the final boss be?)"
,Recommended,310950,28823742,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,IC,"I thought it will be 10 times worse.Still no keyboars remap wtf, Ono, please."
,Recommended,310950,22059755,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Shrimp Cartel 1000111011,"I finally got my online fighting ""fix"". Capcom you did it again. I think it will get even better over time once they bring back key characters and key game features from the past. But I'm not expecting this will all be nostalgia - I think Capcom should try new things, and keep innovating. And they have to a degree. The mechanics and principals have been consistent, but new content is welcome in my honest opinion. I would love to see Akuma return, but I'm sure it is only a matter of time.If they focus on keeping the parameters tight for fighting mechanics, yet willing to step outside the box somewhat - this will go down as one of the most refreshing sensations online PVP fighting has seen....."
76561198205153915,Not Recommended,310950,23100392,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,kapreski,I love StreetFighter but I hate this version..NO ArcadeNO Akuma (and many others..)Few Charactersso far I don't like it
,Not Recommended,310950,23093354,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,banana,"Just get the PS4 version if you're interested in playing competitively, the PC version has less input delay which is actually bad because just about every tournament out there is going to be on PS4 and throw your timing off.If you're a casual player: wait until they add more single player content and fix the issues plaguing multiplayer, it's still lacking a ton of polish which is unbefitting of a Capcom fighting game."
,Recommended,310950,23862380,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,FriskyDingo91,"Street Fighter V is a game with a godawful launch. However, Capcom is finally getting their crap together, and releasing multiple things at once. Starting July 1, this game will be the complete package everyone has been waiting for. I also have faith that Capcom's community managers are finally understanding the importance of communication with their consumers. They say they are dedicated to long term support for this game, and I believe them there. Alright, for the reviewThe good: Balanced gameplay, all characters feel fun and unique enough to try. Combos are not super difficult, learning each characters quirks is fun. Battle lounges are finally working well (where I spend ALL my sfv time). Story mode and 2 characters are dropping July 1!The bad: Matchmaking has improved with a couple patches, but is still not perfect. Rollback netcode still needs a lot of work, matches can be almost unplayable with people less than a 5 bar connection, and even then nothing is guaranteed. Ranked is hard, because if you care about your points (I personally do not) you will get frustrated with rage quitters and dropped connections.  Another bummer is that you cannot search for matches by location, leading to some less than desirable connections.Verdict: If you care about your online rank, this game might not be for you, but if youre waiting for the complete package people have been wanting, get this on sale from the summer sale after July 1, you shouldnt be disappointed.November Edit: After Season 1 is complete I can say that things have improved, new characters are fantastic, and things are looking up as far as updates go. Capcom has said they are committing themselves to the longterm health of the game, which is a nice( hopefully not empty) promise."
,Recommended,310950,24058334,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Low Key Nash God,its gud
,Not Recommended,310950,25314567,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Blunt Smoking Anus Destroyer,Even though I have a lot of hours played I do not recmomend buying this game. Unfinished games dont deserve to be bought.
,Recommended,310950,24250470,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,RandomHero90,"best street fighter iv played in a while... iv been playing since i could remember on SNES and now im 26. i watched the game evolve,completly change the ""what a fighting game Will be"" and especially the complete old school underground ish fighting competition at local arcades, turn into a  mind blowing EVO Vegas event thats now going to be on ESPN 2.. ♥♥♥♥ Yea Street Fighter"
,Recommended,310950,26595934,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Teacher,Premiere fighting game. Shaky release has been resolved now.
,Not Recommended,310950,30848478,Posted: 31 March,all,Raccoon-Mousecam,"Honestly one of the worst purchases I ever made, Shouldn't have bought it. If I knew the characters would be released in the way they were and wasn't tricked into purchasing a Early access title maybe I would have been positive with this but no thanks."
,Not Recommended,310950,26978720,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Onbeygir,Just wait until a netcode update
,Not Recommended,310950,21255735,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,goat,"Feels like I'm playing an alphaUpdate:I've been playing with the servers up and the netplay is absolutely horrible. The game isn't complete and yet people are still buying the game full price. Don't buy this game. Netplay is terrible, you can't play footsies with others, it's all just luck with the delays. V-trigger is very underwhelming for some characters but broken as hell for others. V-skills offer a little fun, but are extremely useless on some characters. Overall, this game is definetly a downgrade from Street Fighter IV."
,Recommended,310950,27893691,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vinland_Krauser,"It's starting to get good, now all they need is to keep this dedication for the upcoming years.The first step is to implement the Arcade mode.The framework is already there: Story mode has a good progression of difficulty but all opponents are predetermined, while the ""VS. CPU"" option in Versus mode works as expected but you need to manually change match settings and pick your next opponent.All they need to do is take these two conditions into consideration when making Arcade mode and there you go: the game now offers everything the everyday casual gamer expects.Another thing to address: please don't permanently delist DLC, specially if it's only purchasable with real money. Sure, part of the money earned is going for the CPT prize so it makes sense to use the content as a timed promotional push for the event, but don't make it missable FOREVER. How about selling them again on next year's EVO?Now I'm looking forward to Season 2 having as much content as possible being unlockable with Fight Money, also the inclusion of C. Viper, Abel, Sagat and Gill (which are already featured in some way in the game). Maybe even Akuma and Asura too?"
76561198299392602,Recommended,310950,28887353,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Íslendingur,Kinda Need a controller to play this.
,Not Recommended,310950,25659150,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Narue,It belongs in the trash can.
76561198065542335,Recommended,310950,24340228,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Bino,its lit
76561198128332830,Recommended,310950,24069015,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lust For Life,"Arcade mode coming to 2018/1/16,this is cool.But hope this game keep optimization and little is ok,don't make like that s**ker game MVCI,i regret pre order f**king game MVCI.Capom don't give me be disappointed plz!!!"
,Not Recommended,310950,32631334,Posted: 21 June,all,my dad touches me,"This game is so unfinished  its so bad, The online play is honestly  the worst  ive  ever played. I would not  recommmend this game. Play guilty gear  or tekken."
,Not Recommended,310950,30120110,Posted: 23 February,all,aneroc,trash
76561198120716547,Not Recommended,310950,35424422,Posted: 2 October,all,Pablus888 __O_\,"Sorry folks, I can't recommend this game. I've played it a lot but I've struggled with it horribly.Cons:-Capcom's business model, they'll go as low as it's needed to squeeze every dollar out of you.-Too many 50-50 situations, especially when a character was knocked down and he's about to get up. The game needs a refreshing 3rd option at least in wake ups, to make the game less basic. Characters like Laura and Mika are especially annoying to play against because of the 50-50 system.-The netcode for lobbies works horribly for some countries/ISPs, and this is mainly why I stopped playing this game. The game either works perfectly (with people that are somewhat nearby), or is completely unplayable with the very same people, depending on if the lobby set was randomly assigned to work from P2P or not.-Matchmaking and going from one ranked/casual match to the next is slow. Even having fiber optic I've had to wait more than 10 minutes to find a match some times (looking for connections of 4 and 5 bars only).-They intentionally made some characters look ugly to force you to buy (with real money) their classic costumes (check Akuma and Ibuki).-You cannot play keyboard vs controller. You can play 1-player modes with keyboard if you want, but if you want to play 2-players local, you're forced to have 2 controllers.-You can't assign the keys to whatever key you want in your keyboard without an external program, however, you can change what each button does from within the keys you're forced to use.-When the game updates, you have to download around 10 gb.-When you go to the stage/character select screen, instead of feeling happy for finally being able to play the game you bought, you'll feel punished because there are so many stages/characters that are locked.-Fight money (in-game currency) was planned to benefit Capcom, not the players. I'll explain myself: it's impossible for you to buy all the characters, all the costumes, all the colors and all the stages even if you play 24/7. In fact, you wouldn't even be able to just buy all the characters if you played 24/7.-Capcom's support, even though it's fast to answer, is not very helpful, and they can be disrespectful at times.-Some of the character's faces don't really look like how the characters were in the past games. It's sad because some other characters like Chun and Ryu look so beautifully done.-Story mode is: movie, fight, fight, movie, movie, movie, fight, fight, fight... you get it.-Objectification of some of the female characters. There was some objectification in SF4, but it's gone to the next level here.Pros:-The fighting system is very accessible in comparison to the previous SF games, especially at the time of doing combos.-Crush counters are very pleasant to land. Some people take crush counters as a negative, but in my opinion they're a welcome addition.-VTrigger system replaces Ultras from SF4.-Crossplay between PC and PS4.-You can play as many of your favorite old SF characters (many with ugly new designs though, if you want the classic versions you have to pay extra).I suggest you go buy some others of the fighters in the market, you have Killer Instinct, Tekken 7, King of Fighters 14, Mortal Kombat X, etc."
76561198064928531,Recommended,310950,28366503,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SlugBug,"Game's super dope, definitely play if you want a more simple fighting game that's based on footsies and strategy rather than an infinite amount of mechanics. The main drawbacks to this game are the sub-par netcode, the lack or Arcade mode, and the Battle Lounge system not working quite right. Other than that, the actual in-game part is one of the best fighting games I've ever played. Everything's smooth and feels natural, unlike how it felt in Street Fighter 4. (At least to me)Some people are put off by all the 50/50 situations, the ability to just YOLO your way to victory online, and some of the character tiers; but frankly this is the most balanced fighting game in history, at least from what I can tell, and with enough skill, intuition, and knowledge; 50/50's and players that go ham can be looked at with confidence instead of fear.If you enjoy any sort of competitive game, I definitely recommend at least trying this game for an hour and refund it if it doesn't suit your fancy, given that fighting game just aren't some people's thing.That being said, this is a great game with a perfect blend of competitive and casual nature attached to it. If you enjoyed a Street Fighter game long ago, you'll definitely be reminded of those times playing Street Fighter V. Even if you don't feel like you're improving, it doesn't have to make it any less fun to horse around with your friends doing random character matches.(NOTE for those without a Gamepad or Arcade Stick - There is no implimentation of keyboard rebinding as of writing this, so if you want a keyboard layout other than ""WASD"" for moving and ""GHJK/BNM,"" for your attacks, I would suggest getting a temporary keybind changing program like Joy2Key.)(ALSO if you DO own a Gamepad or Arcade Stick, but it is a PS4 or PS3 controller - There is also no implimentation of Dinput yet, so I would get a program that converts DInput controller into an XOutput (Microsoft/XBox controller output). I personally recommend the plugin made specifically for this game XInput. The file should be titled ""xinputx_x.dll"" when you download it. I also recommend the program ""XOutput"". You simply open it when you want to play the game and it automatically converts a DInput to an XOutput. It should be a file titled ""XOutput.vx.xx"" upen download.)"
,Not Recommended,310950,25707343,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,sharpobject,Installed a rootkit on my machine.
,Recommended,310950,23882012,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SavingPrincess,"Do you like Street Fighter?Do you want to play Street Fighter?Do you want to be part of the Fighting Game Community (FGC)?Do you treat fighting games like a sport (in both playing/watching)?Do names like Infiltration, Tokido, Momochi, PRBalrog, FChamp, etc. mean anything to you?Do you know what a Capcom Pro Tour is?Do you plan on attending or watching EVO this year?If you answered yes to any of these questions... then buy this game. If you answered yes to two or more of these questions, you probably already OWN this game.If don't know or care about any of that stuff, and just want a game to play against the computer, there are a bunch of other fighting games available to you, this is not the one you're looking for.That being said, this game is good. It's probably the best fundamental-gameplay Street Fighter since Third Strike and has done away with all the nonsense that Ultra Street Fighter IV brought into play.I recommend this game highly... because I don't care about things like ""story mode"" or ""arcade mode."" If you DO care about those things, there are other fighting games available to you. I, however, care about great core gameplay. Street Fighter V has that in spades, and it will only get better./shoryuken"
,Not Recommended,310950,23962126,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TheFragile :3,"Capcom really wanted to make a game that is easier for casuals to pick up, but still have things that appeal to competitive players.The result?A watered-down fighting game that gets repetitive and dull.  The game is very linear with how strong offense is and how weak zoning is.  Many mixups are strictly between throw or shimmy, and playing risky is usually a lot more rewarding than playing solid.  Combos are very limited with variety.  Most v-triggers are recycled versions of each other, which is really disappointing.  All v-skills are literally just a special move that is bound to mp+mk but they think they invented something incredible by calling it v-skill.  If they had v-skills as a regular directional input like any other special move, no one would have thought anything different.  The combos are also ridiculously easy to do, as they got rid of tight links that you'd see in any other fighting game.  Some might say this is a good thing, but I always respected good execution, or going for different combos in certain high-pressure situations.  Instead, you now have high-level Zangief players who mash for their links to connect (and it works), which is embarrassing for a competitive fighting game like Street Fighter.  Speaking of Zangief, Capcom really went out of their way to make him so bad in this game.  It's certainly possible to win with him, but you have to work so much harder than anyone else.  (I'm not a Zangief main, but it's just an observation)I feel bad for anyone who buys this game that doesn't take it remotely seriously (basically if they button mash and just wanna have some fun for a little).  The single player mode is dreadfully bad, though it's never really been that great with the other SF games.  Story mode just came out, so that'll give it a little more spice.  Getting more colors for your character requires you to play through survival mode on different difficulties, which is a boring grind.  Unless you play online against other people, this game really offers nothing interesting for anyone to care about for the offline content.This game is a rushed, incomplete fighter that should have been much better.  If they let USF4 ride out one more year while they carefully worked on SF5, I'd say the result could be a lot different.  It's a shame, because I was really hyped up for this game, but after trying to give it a chance multiple times, it's not fun.  Capcom said they may add changes to the character balance or game mechanics at the end of every year, so maybe things will turn around at that point.  However, the character balance is mostly fine.  It's the game mechanics that really make the game boring and not hype. No matter how excited you get for the next DLC character coming out, you always need to remember that they will still be restricted to the game mechanics."
,Not Recommended,310950,23370735,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,unknownclient,"This game is broken, period. Logged on to play after 3 months and none of my controllers work. xbox 360 controller..... doesnt work. installed ds4 for windows, doesnt work, STILL NO SUPPORT FOR LEGACY CONTROLLERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ♥♥♥♥ YOU CAPCOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ♥♥♥♥ YOU IN THE♥♥♥♥♥WITH THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON< ♥♥♥♥ YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198315969955,Not Recommended,310950,32138808,Posted: 2 June,all,creamyballs,"Now I know why I got bored of this game.They made it TOO SIMPLE to cater for newcomers.This makes the game fun to play when you're a beginner but not when you're a veteran.Yes, beginner friendly but the end result: the battle mechanics are very limited.The technical aspect of the game is so narrow.It doesn't give you the feeling of excitement to come back and play more because you want to learn something new.If you play fighting games with immense gameplay mechanics like Guilty Gear Revelator, you'll know what I mean.SFV = V-Trigger, Critical Art...that's it.  After that, there's really nothing to do or explore. It's repetitive.Please don't tell me that I forgot footsies, cancels, setups, etc. Other fighting games have those.This is the reason why you see a lot of people here that have 100+ hours of playtime but gave negative reviews.Did I mention that the game is also IMBALANCE?Save your money. This isn't worth your hundred bucks."
,Recommended,310950,28894826,Posted: 1 January,all,空白,"i recomend but do not buy the fighters you can unlock them by playing, if you like street fighter you may like this one but it is a little short in terms of content in comparasion of ultra street fighter 4 but you can wait if you want and get all that comes out or you can play now and buy later you decide its no a bad game its no great either its ok i let it pass."
,Recommended,310950,34730348,Posted: 4 September,all,Coke,Good fighting game with some issues that really split the community.
,Recommended,310950,28889355,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Humperdinck,I'm enjoying it!
,Not Recommended,310950,32190117,Posted: 4 June,all,Michelangelo,Yo this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks with the bugs and♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,310950,29037167,Posted: 5 January,all,Cruna,"I am usually very cautios when buying fighting games on Steam. Their online multiplayer ends up deserted in a couple of weeks. I miss those old days when we had a bunch of friends at home and playing fighting games, taking turns in beating eachother to a pulp. But those days are gone. And all we have is the multiplayer online, or lobbying with friends. People got lazy...So the second best choice if I want to have some fun with a good fighting game is buying it for the PS4 now. These games are much more crowded on consoles, so it's not all wasted. But street fighter has cross platform multiplayer between Playstation and PC. I can't praise it enogh when a dev is doing that. The worst thing always is a divided community, and I would LOVE to see this in more games.Let's give it a numerical rating, for the sake of it (people usually love that)Story: 5/10 (That's not necessarily a bad thing. It's the same kind of cute cheesy Street fighter story)Graphics: 8/10 (shading, shadows, and many textures could be of a higher quality, but looks great)Features: 6/10 (There are not many modes to play, and the existent ones are a bit clumsy. Overall solid multiplayer)Balance: 7/10 (sometimes better than the competition, and we had balance fixes, but patches are coming very slowly)I can't think up many things to say about a fighting game, since you already know what this is. The players concern here usually is the functionality, lags, stability, and finding players to play against. And in these departments Capcom did a good job. Actually the PC version this time is better than the PS4 version, where I personally noticed considerable input lag. And there is no sign of it on PC.The business model.... selling cosmetic stuff, is a love or hate thing. I personally am good with it, since I know that servers must be maintained, bills paid, and so on. If Capcom would not sell it, the would have to abandon the game and bring out Street Fighter 6 to get some cash again. It's better to bring in some money with this game and maintain it instead of that trend where they ask you kindly to move from one title to teh next very often."
,Not Recommended,310950,33451784,Posted: 11 July,all,Teknoir,Bought the game on sale.Would refund it if I could.
,Not Recommended,310950,21263299,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,DJKento,"Seriously lacking features.I've been a fan of Street Fighter all my life. I remember walking into Scandia Family Arcade and Fun Center in 1991 and seeing the GIGANTIC Street Figther II arcades with lines dozens of teenagers deep. I've been hooked ever since and I've loved every iteration. Alpha, 3rd Strike, EX, Versus... doesn't matter, I've been in all the way.But Street Fighter V's launch is seriously lacking features and that's a huge disappointment. It's super refined, it's gorgeous on my PC, and combat with friends can be fun, but I've had constant server issues and there is zero ability to challenge the PC/AI in a simple 2 out of 3 match. Why? What's the point of that?I'll revisit when the game feels more fleshed out, probably when the ""cinematic story mode"" drops in June. I can wait. I'm not pro, I'm a total scrub lord, a filthy casual, but I want there to be more game for me to chew into."
76561198042408105,Not Recommended,310950,21254830,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Peco,"Very disapointing launch, had to use a third party program just to make my fightstick compatible. Ive yet to be able to connect to the online so i cant comment on that. Arcade mode is missing and the roster looks tiny compared to ssf 4."
76561198042189953,Not Recommended,310950,21288032,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,BrightHill,R u kidding me? broken server + stupid AI + really dumb story mode + more features in march? why is this game even released this month then? why the ♥♥♥♥ would you realease a game thats still in development smh.
76561198003584502,Not Recommended,310950,21262005,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,veelay,the launch undeniably sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the gameplay is decent. stay away for a year then come back 2017.edit: I was WAAAAAY wrong about 2017. Wait for Ultra SFV in 2021.
76561198000664573,Not Recommended,310950,21261196,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Tomye West,Where's my fight money? 2100d/10
,Not Recommended,310950,21418882,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,crazydazed,Rushed product. Awful connections. Stupid achievement goals. No Arcade Mode.
,Recommended,310950,24049182,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,liquid 80,"Great game, sucks it took Capcom so long to roll out a complete game though. The fighting is great and the characters are fresh, can't wait to see how this game continues to evolve. Also... much cheaper buying the pc version than getting a PS4, game, and PS + jusy to play."
,Recommended,310950,26994386,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,_S4MUR4I_,"It's like a demo, but no."
,Recommended,310950,28664727,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,🅵🆁🅾🅼🅼,"The best fighting gameplay I've seen for a while... it made me return to this genre.*26 Character till now, 2 more to come in 2017= total 28 by end of this year, 2018 should have 6 more.http://streetfighter.com/characters/Offline Modes:STORY-General Story-Character StoryTitorialVERSUS-Player 1 VS Player 2-Player 1 VS CPU-CPU VS Player 1SURVIVAL-Easy-Normal-Hard-ExtremeCHALLENGES-Trials-Demonstrations-MissionsTRAININGOnline Modes:CNF ""Capcom Fighters Network""BATTLE LOUNGECASUAL MATCHRANKED MATCHSHOP"
,Recommended,310950,28886932,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,GutsPose,An epic addition to the Street Fighter Franchise! Hours of fun for competive multiplayer and plenty of options to polish fighting game skills within training modes.Pro's:- great cast of charaters with more being added every season- lots of developement with costumes ect.- great netcode- more beginner friendly than previous iterations- Chance to earn in game currency to purchase paid contentCon's:- Lack of a good arcade mode- relied on steam for Playstation control support- DLC characters and costumes costIf you like the Street fighter world and fighting games this is the one to play!
76561198041118191,Recommended,310950,23965842,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Enter Sander-man,people give this game a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it deserved it. game is fun though and i cant say they havent made it better.
,Recommended,310950,24005652,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Boroshin,"Now that the game has received some updates i thought i would go ahead and some up the pros and cons of sfv as it is far from a perfect expierience.Pros- The core gameplay is rather fun- combos are easier making it more inviting to the casual player to get invested- The roster size is decent and all the characters are pretty dam cool- the story mode is off decent length and gives some nice single player content- all dlc characters can be earned with in game money- all updates are free so no super sfv etc.- the game looks quite niceCons- No Direct input controller support still (need to use a work around like x360ce)- no keyboard remapping- matchmaking takes too long- rage quitting from online matches is not punished well enough- from a competitive stand point there is 8 frames of delay which affect many aspects of the game at high level- servers do play up quite a bit- rather long maintenence times when the servers go downAs a person who plays SFV competitively i would say its  a bit mixed however i would say now that their is a ""story"" mode the game is at a state where i could recommend it to new/casual players."
76561197976589025,Recommended,310950,24020141,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ben,Recent patch made this game baller
76561198069920189,Recommended,310950,24257692,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Lord Thanos,"Great fighting game.  Buy it if you're looking for a game with good mechanics, well balanced characters, that allows for in-depth strategy.  It's much easier to pick up and get into than Street Fighter 4.That being said, avoid this game if you're looking for an immersive story experience.  That's not what games of this genre are known for, and the new updated story mode is very silly, but not terrible.  I don't agree with the negative reviews that this game has been getting, particularly those that attacked the game for not having a robust story mode.  It's like saying that chess is a bad game because it has no story.  I can't stress enough that this is a fighting game, and it does the fighting game mechanics really, really well, providing the depth of previous SF titles, and allowing new players to get into it more easily."
,Not Recommended,310950,33480112,Posted: 12 July,all,JÄTESÄKKI,Have fun with AutoHotKey.Have fun with with menus that make no sense.Have fun with the huge lag when playing online.The game controls quite well... when it works lolCurrently waiting for refund
,Not Recommended,310950,29727091,Posted: 5 February,all,InvaderFelix,"It's so hard to defend this game when it's been a year of bad decisions from Capcom. I wanted to wait and see if they could fix it, but the netcode, input delay, and one-sided rollback are things we probably shouldn't have in 2017. Not to mention the fact that the load times are very high for a game like this.Add to all this the fact that lobby connection indicators don't work properly, you can't filter people by their location, the user interface is way more painful than it needs to be, and online training mode somehow disappeared between SF4 and SF5. We also received a fairly slow and clunky matchmaking system.I don't know what to say other than: this generation of fighting games just isn't dominated by a Street Fighter title. Do yourself a favour and try out Guilty Gear Xrd instead. I know, I know, it's an anime game... but at least it has a working keybinding system from the current decade."
76561197987580459,Not Recommended,310950,34542515,Posted: 27 August,all,Normy,Not worth buying. Input lag and wifi community. Sometimes it feels like they see my inputs and attack before I can. That's not normal. The community also watches a lot of youtube and tries to be like the pros. Everyone just sits like a boring♥♥♥♥♥lil' ♥♥♥♥♥ and focus on over-head unblockables and throws. Charge characters are top tier because of this. I'm very disappointed.
,Recommended,310950,24106270,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SMBF Maysey,"To preface this, the game has legitimate concerns. Dinput, and questionable on again off again netcode. But on the other hand, you have kinda dumb complaints that kinda throw this game iillegitimately into the mixed category, the two big proponents of this being:1. Muh story mode. It doesent matter which way people put it, the story mode is always going to be the after thought of a fighting game, the clues in the genre, its simply not in the core design philosphy. So while criticism for its exclusion is obv valid, its very overstated,2. B-but why did I pay full price for a Beta! Yes, yes, I get it, the lack of content is a bad thing. But heres the thing, half of the things people complain are missing they were told about. If people are going to pay full price there and then when its clearly missing the features they want instead of waiting, the buck stops with you, you were told. YOU made the decision.so now that I've got why you should take reviews with a grain of salt out the way. Heres the good things about the game, the fighting game core design, is very good, Gameplay, Graphics, character variation, depth in mechanics, the V system is really good and unlocks a new layer to every character.Game is simple enough to pick up, but isnt a bad thing as people make out to be, good players will still be good and little jimmy down the road wont body Daigo because the game gives him some sort of imaginary hand out.The netcode while in a bad state and a VERY legitimate complaint, isnt as bad as stated, as I said, it is on again off again, if you have a good connection and set the right settings (use the network fight request in the menu or training mode, 5 only, ask for confirmation so you can see the bars, and/or limit hardware to PC) you're going to more often than not find a decent match, but you ARE however inevitably going to come across a bad one which needs to be fixed, and thats ok, do your best, dont go for the rematch, and move on. Its at least consietent enough you can climb steadily up the leagues.TL:DR: game is overall good, it will get better hopefully, somke compaints are looking at the wrong things so while it does deserve criticism the game does seem to ve getting more than it actually deserves, SFV is the game you should pick up if you are new, its got the tools to teach you and the streamlined mechanics and gameplay design that makes it easier to enter than the past games."
,Not Recommended,310950,24556421,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Hyybrid,"This is just a mess. On all levels, this isn't just a weak SF game, it's a weak fighter in general. On top of all the garbage design choices, the gold digging is absolutely disgusting. Game exists for all the wrong reasons."
,Not Recommended,310950,22032010,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Chocolate Thunder,i can never stay connected to the servers when i want to play online.training mode is the only useful mode.
,Recommended,310950,23663041,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Amish King,"TL;DR:-is the game unfinished?pretty much yeah-is it fun?pretty much yeah-but it's not worth $60?pretty much yeahlegit tho the game is fun but flawedI'm a street fighter fanboy so i still like it, characters are implemented well, very detailed actually in terms of references to previous games and including elements to make them feel like they always haveAs far as fighting specifically, it's super smooth, and the gameplay is solid, typical street fighter stuff, v-trigger is greatBut you are pretty much buying it for multiplayer, because until they release story mode later this month, there's not a whole lot to doThe game isn't worth the full sixty if you are not into fighting games, but if you are then you are pretty much good to go, because multiplayer is all you really need"
,Not Recommended,310950,21284325,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Dyno,Unfinished game for $60
,Not Recommended,310950,24352843,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,MaleSensitivity,"Amazingly enough, this still feels like half a game.  I bought this during the hype of EVO 2016 when it was conveniently discounted to $40.  While this may seem like a bargain, I didn't realize that at least 4 characters and fight stage arenas are hidden behind a paywall.  I don't want to buy this game at a discount just to end up spending more money trying to get the rest of the content.  I feel like Capcom should have done more to make things right with regular consumers like myself.  I understand that the focus of this game was at ""tournament"" players from the onset - but Capcom never advertised it that way.  Almost a 1/2 year later, and I still feel like it makes more sense to just save your money and watch this on Twitch.For those of you who don't care about spending money, the game actually feels pretty damn good on PC despite the limited content.  I was able to pick up and use my Elite controller without issue and I even won a few matches before requesting the refund.   The netcode is pretty good - I didn't notice continous problems like I thought I would.  The cross play between PS4 and PC players is interesting and ensures you will be able to find a match online (or at least while EVO is being broadcast).   Turning this up to 1440p resolution is an absolute visual treat - the artwork in this game definitely deserves praise.In conclusion, buy this game if you are a fan of the series and want to kick someone's♥♥♥♥♥online after a long day of working in your cubicle for less money than you are worth.   However, understand that Capcom is not doing you a favor - you still have to pay extra for all the characters and Lord only knows where you can download extra character costumes.  With enough points, you can also earn characters through playing the game for free; however, realistically that♥♥♥♥♥♥takes forever.  If someone did manage to earn enough points to buy the DLC characters for free, please let the world know how you exercised that amount of patience!"
76561198042058383,Recommended,310950,28682790,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TaeLoV3,"Best fighting game and i am a casual saying so,dont listen to idiots and play the game"
,Not Recommended,310950,25702919,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,THE DUKE OF DONK,"Capcom thought it would be an ok thing to install a rootkit on your system. This is either gross negligence, or extremely malicious,Once caught, they ""rolled back"" the update that contained the rootkit.This rollback did not remove the rootkit.Utterly embarrasing."
76561197993097402,Recommended,310950,23966112,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,malwan,Rough release but overall an excellent game which is super fun to play.Well balanced characters and extremely fun gameplay. The game only gets better and better for each patch and the rooster is increasing with new characters released.
76561198213204515,Recommended,310950,23991439,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,NessZer0,It's can be better than thisbut it's still OK for me
,Not Recommended,310950,21380779,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,♥Merci♥,"A good fighting game in every right. Fairly balanced, interesting characters, and more that will be added, for free, mind you. I won't complain about content as this was released early by request, and all planned features will be added, for free. However...Controls don't work.Most fightsticks and controllers don't work yet. The keyboard controls can't be rebound, and are confusing. I refuse to repurchase the game until these problems are fixed.Not, it's a good game despite launch flaws, but I just can't play yet. I'll purchase again when Urien is added. Hopefully the problems are fixed by then."
,Recommended,310950,29193132,Posted: 11 January,all,JRKraft,This game is pretty fun when I'm not tilting
,Not Recommended,310950,22686727,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,KaBoomeh,"Horrible PC port, you can't even remap your buttons. Don't buy untill they fix it (which they won't)."
,Not Recommended,310950,21249044,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Palawa Joko,"The mechanics and core gameplay are great, No disappointment here.This review is of political nature, with the agenda to prevent terrible AAA-launches like this by not having consumers buy into ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t marketing and rushed releases.None of the below would be problematic if it was labelled ""beta"", and would be easily fixed and tested within a months time in AAA-production.This product is in an unacceptable state at launch, especially for such a high profile title:- No controller other than XInput (IE XBox 360) supported - in a FIGHTING game!- No customizable keybinds - in a FIGHTING game!- (On launch day) frequent network disconnections that interrupt even single-player gameplay. This was unacceptable 10 years ago already.So much for the ""easy-to-fix"" and ""Dev-Failed-Mitigation"" category.Next, the ""Misleading Communication""/""Borderline Lies"" category - contains expectations that were set by predecessors and marketing, which de facto makes people by SFV:- Missing and unfinished features (as announced, but info drowned in marketing)- ""Story Mode"" feels like it was tacked on by two guys and voice acting (4 fights per character)- No ""vs CPU"" singleplayer outside of training - think of that what you will.There have been smaller studios, with neglectable budgets, that had more content (gameplay, graphics/animations, usability) than SFV. It's 2016. Do every gamer a favor and don't support Capcom by accepting a product in this state as launch-ready."
,Not Recommended,310950,24344379,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,"Tevildo, Prince of Cats","Multiple issues that the devs refuse to fix, despite the community calling for it. Instead, they punish a minority using mods by putting costume colors behind a paywall, when they were originally free in the base game. Unless Capcom really turns stuff around, I can't recommend this game at all."
76561197970328940,Recommended,310950,22113840,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,kuri-kuri,"The fighting engine is one of the better ones for 2d fighting games in a long time. Single player modes aside, it was clear from all the previews and promos before the game was launched that this was going to be a multiplayer focused title, as a fighting game should be.There's in-game tools to let anybody #riseup to competitive levels.The training mode is great, letting you set up post-grounded and blocking responses from the dummy, and lets you queue up for matches (with the option to set in rank, casual, connection settings) while you practice, so there's never any real down time.The biggest tool the game provides though, is the replay mode. The CFN system tracks -every- recent batch of replay for every player online. That means you can download and watch all the top-ranking players and learn from them, as well as watching your own wins and losses to see what part of your game you need to work on. This is a very under utilized feature that beginners tend to ignore, but when used properly will let any beginner see what the next step of progression would be.That and the continual free updates for modes, characters, and balance changes will continue to add value to this title.Casuals beware, this isn't worth full sticker price for someone who don't want to invest time and effort to enjoy gameplay, but for anybody else that wants to challenge themselves against others I would suggest this title to anybody who wants to get into the vast and deep world of competitive fighting games.The amount of skill you can gain, the setups with all the unique cast of characters, the way the game works allowing for freestyle ways of playing... this itself would last anybody years for 60$.Edit: 3/28/16 - The game also now have a very nice demo mode where they will guide you through the entire system of the game, along with trials to better understand each character."
76561197979493699,Recommended,310950,24003772,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,iHoryuKen,Future is looking bright with the latest patch :)
,Recommended,310950,29307653,Posted: 16 January,all,Tiger Campbell,Urien is quite indeed the most nude.
,Not Recommended,310950,21287622,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,LOS,Multiplayer is unplayable due to teleporting when players lag. This happens often! Do not buy! I already requested my refund.
,Not Recommended,310950,32706372,Posted: 23 June,all,dc4m,buy guilty gear
,Not Recommended,310950,21451630,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,capriciousCapra,"The fighting is excellent, but ths game is so unfinished I can't honestly recommended it. Worth playing as-is if you're hardcore about multiplayer and online, but avoid for now, otherwise."
,Not Recommended,310950,21257065,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Macbeth Plisskin The Cat,"I participated in the beta's, was very good performancewise.Real game is slow and poorly optimised."
,Not Recommended,310950,21329172,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Florida Hans,"From what I played, I do enjoy this game. But, I'd be lying if I say it's worth 60 bucks. Now don't get me wrong, I wouldn't mind if it didn't have many features, but since it's a 60 dollar game, it's really lacking. I would highly suggest to wait it out, wait for a price drop, and wait til more features are implemented."
,Recommended,310950,28759382,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Quotation-Dono,"As Season 2 SFV*with enough technical know how and googleThe Good-Solid Fighting Mechanics-Nice Visuals-D-input(F**KING FINALLY)-Highly modifiable settings*The Bad-Base Game is Overpriced (I got on sale for $20 which should be it's real price)-Settings hide a lot of useful options like turning off shadows (can be remedied)*-Netcode still sucks apparently (not that I know, I play local or with friends because I use a toaster)The Ugly-The balance patchs are garbage they broke like half the cast to♥♥♥♥♥♥tier for the sake of ""variety""-Paywalls/♥♥♥♥♥♥ F2P elements.........Paywalls/♥♥♥♥♥♥ F2P elements Everywhereyou want Akuma or any other fighter?You better be willing to eitherA.) GrindorB.) Cough up the cash-Even ""unlockable"" skins/colors are behind a paywall it's disgustingIn the end if want to buy it for the gameplay rather than the content it has buy it on sale or something.Same applies to getting all the content just wait for it to be on sale.7/10 -Ruined By ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Business Practices"
76561198091380972,Not Recommended,310950,21247523,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,OnePuffMAn,"This game controls beutifully, but I can't recommend it in its current state as it isn't complete and the online functionality drops frequently. It would benefit the game if Capcom would have delayed the launch for atleast six months for a finished product"
,Not Recommended,310950,24680404,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Knight Bazuso,"I really wanted to like this title. Sadly, Street Fighter V is heavily bogged down by numerous terrible decisions on Capcom's part, which clouds an enjoyable core game.New mechanics are introduced such as the V Trigger, V Skill, and Crush Counter. Without going into too much detail, these are all fresh systems that introduce another layer of strategy which in turn can lead to plays involving longer combos or different setups. Compared to Street Fighter 4, the fighting itself is much more ""distilled""; so combos are easier to preform, the timing on attacks is much more lenient, and other changes include being able to quick rise off of throws. However, the tradeoff of this is that everything is much less freeform, so you no longer see unique combos or playstyles. Not to say everyone had entirely individual playstyles for certain characters in the previous iteration, but it was at least possible and always an interesting surprise to see it happen.Regardless, Street Fighter V brings a varied cast and an enjoyable fundamental game. This is where the positives end.I will not give a complete comprehensive overview regarding all of Capcom's shortcomings with Street Fighter V, but I will discuss the ones that affected my decision to give this game a negative review. First, the netcode and online play. I'm not sure what changes were made to the online system but I can say that they have caused most of my matches to be much laggier compared to the majority of them in 4. In 5, you can sort matches by connection, but even with adjusting the setting to the highest standard, I still encounter laggy matches.Next, the priority in which Capcom decides to resolve issues. From the start of this game, there have been rage quitters, an absolutely horrid Survival game mode in which you have to endure up to 50 rounds without losing once against AI that reads everything you do beginning at round 20, online bots, and an 8 frame delay for all inputs. Rage quitters were ""dealt"" withmonthsinto development by preventing them from playing online for a short time if they disconnected too much. Survival mode, the only way to unlock character colors 3-10 and one of the biggest complaints most players have, was ""fixed"" by allowing users to pay $1 each for single colors. Online bots and 8 frame delay still persist. Despite those two glaring issues, Capcom's latest priority was to start punishing players who understandably got around the torture known as Survival mode.The amount of extra paid content this game has is absurd. A season pass since day 1 for $30, character costumes with no extra colors for $4 each, another DLC package separate from the season pass for $25, and the final one that broke me; a single lone stage for $10. There's also an in game currency system which can be used to buy some stages and characters, but keep in mind you only get 50 points of it when winning an online game. Then consider that characters are 100,000 each, and stages are 70,000. You do get one-time currency sums from beating character stories and doing trial mode, but most of the payload comes from Survival. Formerly, currency could be amassed easily with a mod to beat survival quickly, but that has since been patched by Capcom: faster than the time it took to deliver the rage quitter ""punishment"", of course. Daily challenges, a feature promised long ago as another method to earn more, has yet to be implemented as of this review.In order for me to ever consider playing this game again, every condition in this list would have to be met:Dan and Peter are fully playable characters.2,500 currency is earned from winning ranked games, less for player matches.Extra premium costumes are $1 with all colors available.The netcode stops being unbearable.Daily challenges are implemented with worthwhile rewards.Rage quitters are punished on a harsher degree rather than a quick slap on the wrist.The 8 frame delay is fixed.Premium stages are $2.Survival mode has some sort of fair method to make it tolerable.I don't imagine even half of that list being met, but I can still dream at least. To conclude, I was desperately hoping for Street Fighter V to be a fun and worthwhile new beginning for the series; but instead, it was only an end.At least Tekken 7 is coming to PC.12/22/16 edit:The frame delay was slightly reduced and challenges provide a small fight money boost of around 7,000 for every week, and a new rage quitting system was implemented. These changes are a start but not significant enough to make me like the game. I cannot recommend the game in its Season 2 state either."
,Not Recommended,310950,23423923,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,KUMA Tan,"如果有人和我一样用的是virgin的网络的话，记得去官网更改一下网络安全权限，然后就可以登陆了。if anybody is Virgin netwrok user who cannot log in, go to Virgin official website, change ur web safe setting, and the server access would become available after then.还有一个社区里来自Icarus v2君的解决方式，控制面板-网络和Internet-以太网-网络共享中心-问题疑难解答-传入的连接-SFV.exe-自动查找问题并修复，以解决连接问题。And Icarus v2 gives another solution from SFV community center, Control panel, network setting, diagnose a problem, incoming connections, street fighter 5, auto detected a network issue. Sorted.我要送个上面写着“玛德制杖”的锦旗给卡婊。As Virgin blocked SFV server, Richard Branson must be hate CAPCOM very mucj. CAPCOM, what did u do?"
,Recommended,310950,21862958,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Triple 6,"The game itself is excellent. Unfortunately, it feels like an incomplete product because of content that is considered standard to fighting games: trial mode, arcade mode, and 1P. vs. CPU. Despite these lack of features, the game is really fun to play. I would recommend this to fans of street fighter or those interested in getting into fighting games, but you should be aware of the lack of content. Capcom promises to lay out more content in the coming months, but now the only feature that makes the game worth the price of admission is the online mode. It's a blast to to play but it feels like there should have been more."
76561198202456111,Recommended,310950,28637316,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,kevin1202,Gameplay is nice and if you want to blow of some steam I recommend it but only when on sale. Negative thing is the original price and the price of season pass
,Not Recommended,310950,21358603,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Ragnasal,Extremely limited roster.Hilariously short character stories (Two fights and done)A mass amount of characters released as DLC when they very well could have just come with the game.This is modern gaming at its finest.Save your money and just go buy SF4. You'll get your moneys worth with that.
,Not Recommended,310950,21362994,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,peach,Refund after 22 minutes.. Not playable in the current state.
,Recommended,310950,27200270,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Remy77077,"For all the issues with it, it's still easily the best Street Fighter on PC, and one of the better Street Fighter games made to actually play competitively."
,Recommended,310950,25046457,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Tindomul,"This is a tough game to judge from a review. Being a fan of street fighter ever since street fighter 2 came out when I was in grade school I wish I could say this is a 10/10 game.Unfortunately it is not.The single player content is sorely lacking, the character story mode is a joke when it comes to the actual fighting part. You get one round fights that my toddler can beat simply by button mashing. The biggest let down to me is no arcade mode like the previous games. Vs mode can only be played locally against another player.The online part of this game is very good and addicting though. Playing with a stick the gameplay is amazing. I'm not a huge fan of the current roster of fighters, or how some of the orginal fighters have been changed, but I'm sure that will be improved in the coming years as this game grows.As it stand if your looking for a good fighting game to play online this game is great, if your expecting that great experience to also include the content for single player stick with ultra 4.Right now this game to me is a 7/10 that hopefully will raise higher in the future as capcom continues to improve this game."
76561198049073124,Recommended,310950,23851561,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,androidical,"Excelent fighting game, great engine, great gameplay. Single-player features are lacking atm, but fans of esports games like DotA2 and CS:GO will feel right at home with just training mode and matchmaking; as someone who rarely plays single-player campaigns I have not felt hurt by the lack of single-player content at all. The learning curve is tough, but winning in this game feels liek a huge accomplishment and I've had a ton of fun with it"
,Recommended,310950,31959601,Posted: 25 May,all,Child in Time,"The game is good despite its mixed reception.The gameplay is good.The character design, cosmetics, and stages are all good.The competitive scene is good.AND the online community isn't completely dead, which is far better then most other games you could compare it to.The single player content is low quality and quantity but I only ever play through a story mode once anyway.If you want to enjoy the game and you are brand new to fighting games, then get on discord and play against the new players that trickle in.Basically, this game isn't LoL.  This game isn't DotA 2.  This game isn't Overwatch.  You aren't going to be able to que up for ranked and expect excellent skill matching and pristine connection.  The player base is just too small to make that a reality.  Accept that you will be playing longer sets with a smaller number of players and that you might need some social outreach to find quality opponents.But hey, fighting games were born out of arcades anyway so if any community can survive the hardships of a limited playerbase its this one."
76561198155289810,Not Recommended,310950,21654388,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,D5,No arcade mode.Cannot connect to / login to servers.Game turns off randomly and player is left looking at Steam Account.Unfinished.Sad.
,Recommended,310950,24344841,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Sir Mustard,"Street Fighter V being the latest installment of the beloved Street Fighter franchise has had quite the shacky launch. I have been through it since the beginning and I can tell you it has come a very long way. However while this being said there is still much to improve on. I am not going to list said improvements but alas assure you that if you are on the fence for buying this game I say go for it.I play with friends, new and old, locally as well as online and it is a blast. The story mode that has come out  was ok but I never really cared about it in the first place (although I would like an arcade mode eventually, which I hear is in developement). What I cared about the most was the gameplay and it is polished and prestine.I see myself playing this game for many many more hours and I am sure it will continue to be worked on and improved and will grow because of it. While I would not have recommended this game to someone new during the opening months of the game, I would recommend it now as I feel it's a worth while fighting game in its current state.PC Specs: Intel Core i5-3570k 3.4GHz, Radeon HD 7850 2GB. My rig is pretty old and can still run the game at 60 fps consistantly on medium settings at 1080p. Just remember if you cannot run it that you can always refund the game on steam. If you have any questions feel free to message me."
76561198054134556,Not Recommended,310950,21247129,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,orientye,Are you serious?? No Keyboard remap?? Don't buy this game! Never support Capcom again!
76561198085355778,Recommended,310950,29082045,Posted: 7 January,all,vladsithis,Gameplay wise the game is solid probably the best street fighter game mechanics to date.  If you are a returning fighter I would reccomend going into training mode as some moves may not flow together quite the same or be able to be pulled off in the same fashion. It seems this was a effort to balance the playing field from character to character which merits no complaints on my end.
,Recommended,310950,21521701,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,KaneVTC,One of the best fighting game
,Not Recommended,310950,21255908,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Nadeshiko,"$9.99 for a new stage? ONE new stage?Online plays lag so much?Loads 3 times before you can start a match, then loads again to see the stats, then loads again to previous mode? What the? If USF4 can load fewer times between battles, why can't the cutting edge SFV, what the F?No, just no. USF4 much better"
,Recommended,310950,21844006,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Coneheadfucker95,Pretty good.
76561197986309232,Recommended,310950,21280855,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Nedbrytar-Yngve,Great game.
,Not Recommended,310950,28080655,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,"freddie ""bong hit"" johnson",karnov's revenge is better
,Recommended,310950,25002798,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Gailim,"A good game with some problemsdon't let the internet hate brigade fool you. this is a great fighting game. But it does have issues that need to be addressedthe good:1) Crossplay with PS4.this is the single greatest advantage SF5 has over every other fighting game on steam. A fighting game lives and dies with it's player population. a fighting game with nobody to play with is not a fighting game at all. While SF4 had a decent player population throughout it's run it pales in comparison to the amount of people playing this game.2) 3 frame input buffer.some people list this as a con; I could not disagree more. the 3 frame input buffer adds an extra 2 frames of input leniency meaning that a 1 frame link on paper becomes a 3 frame link in practice. this single change makes the game 10x more fun in an online setting because you can actually do combos. and learning combos comes much faster. with a lowered execution barrier the more stratigic elements (ie: the fun part) is availible to more people. some might bemoan the fact that more people can pull off flashier combos with less work. but I think the more people experiencing higher levels of play the better. being able to do combos encourages people to stick with the game and learn the more difficult mental aspects3) decent onlineI won't lie, this game does not have the best online netcode. look towards Skull Girls or Killer Instict for that. But it is not the horror show some make it out to be. It is a definite improvement over SF4. I played that game for 6 years and it's old fashioned delayed input necode was poor on all but the best connections. the constantly changing input timings made attempting combos a useless effort. it stunted my advancement as a player. SF5 uses rollback netcode that preserves input timings at the expense of some visual stuttering. where as SF4 would actually slow the game down in laggy conditions, this game will snap the game back. both formats are unplayable in a bad connection but this one is much better in middling connections. Online is where you are going to be spending the majority of your time in SF5 and over the last year I have had a lot of fun. one thing worth mentioning, the matchmaking for ranked and casual matches does a good job of matching you with players either at your rank, one below, or one above. however it does take longer than it should to find a match.4) DLC practicesyes, you read that right, this games DLC practices are a pro, not a con. esspecially compared to the way other fighting games handle DLC. first, you can earn characters for free. and yes, it *IS* possible to do. most fight money is earned in single player at first. but after that you will be getting it from the weekly challenges. most weeks offer between 6.6K and 10.6K per week in fight money. you also earn 1K every time you level up a character. it is also important to remember that when you get a new character they come with more single player content that you can earn FM in. new characters come out roughly every two months and in that time it is absolutely possible to earn the 100k neccesary with 3-4 hours a week of play time.now I should mention that while it is possible to keep up with the release schedule, if you are just now jumping in you will not be able to earn enough FM to get all the characters for free as much of the FM that others have used to do that were in the form of challenges that have expired. so if you are buying this game for the first time you need to ask yourself if you really care about getting every character, and if you do it is probably a good idea to get at least one of the character passes. after that you should be able to keep up with the DLC release schedule and not have to spend money on new characters.compare that to other fighting games, Arc games hide all updatese behind paywalls and sometimes charge more for individual characters on top of that. NRS characters always cost money and ussually have to be bought in packs. it is easy to look at SF5 and say it has a lot of DLC characters, and it does. but compared to the way the competition handles things I think this is much better5) Training modedon't overlook this mode. the tools you will find in the menu's here will help you immensly. there is too much to talk about in a review but do yourself a favor and look up a training mode tutorial on you tube.6) Capcom Fighters Network (CFN)like training mode, this thing is a goldmine of information. you can look up the last 100 matches of any player on earth in Ranked, Casual, or Battle Lounge. if you want to learn a character, or want to learn how to beat a character this is the mode for you. you can sort replays by character, and player rank.also, make sure to watch your own replays, esspecially your losses. you can learn a lot by taking a second looknow for the bad stuff1) some janky visualsthis game has stylized visuals that on the whole looks very good (it looks better in motion than in screen shots) but there are areas where it falls short. even a year and a half after release there are still numorous clipping issues most noticebly Ken's default hair will often clip through his shoulder on the select screen. and speaking of Ken, his face really is as bad as everyone says. Ibuki's win pose has also been known to cause nightmares2) server downtimeone of the downsides of crossplay is that Capcom have to run 3rd party servers to facilitate it. this ussually means there are one or two times a month where the servers are down for a few hours. it is not as big a deal as some make it out to be but it would be nice if they found a way for it to stop happening.3) the story was poorly put togetherthe overall plot of the story wasn't so bad. but the execution left a lot to be desired. Capcom needs to hire a director and an editor with experience making movies. the writing was also quite poor. there were some good ideas, but they need to try harder next time4) survival modethis mode sucks, the easy version is worth playing for the FM with every character, normal mode can done reasonbly fast if you know how to play a character. hard and extreme should never be played for any reason. I really wish capcom would take another look at this mode.overall, SF5 is a great place to start if you are just getting into fighting games. if your looking for a game you can play for years instead of months, this is an easy reccomendation"
76561198207398909,Not Recommended,310950,33363355,Posted: 7 July,all,gcmaori,If you in AUSTRALasia do not waste your money. Worst online experience ever. Yet again CAPCOM makes a game that the rest of the world can play online but not us ...... Wish you death CRAPCOM
76561198063717530,Not Recommended,310950,32432571,Posted: 15 June,all,Gruntilda,"I would honestly be suprised if the people that created this game, still hold that job. This is so far from an acceptable game for the price. Online functions are a mess. You can't invite recently played if you create a custom game, you can't invite people to a game in their profile, there is no way to talk to people, no connection to their steam profile and no messeage service in the capcom fighters network. Online is barely playable as well. 50mbit with 20ms ping is not good enough to enjoy the online experience, 1 out of 4 games in average is laggy, on weekends and holidays it is every game. Right now i can't play people in my own country without heavy package loss, their server, even with weekly maintenance and promises of improvements still cannot handle the traffic and that is with sales way below their expectations.Capcom really should just sweep this departmenet and get some new people.The gameplay seemed fun at first, but it gets frustrating when you make right decisions and loose or trade because defensive options are generally weak. You have to be much more on point to play a proper game, so u often just resort to guessing or randomly doing things till they work."
,Not Recommended,310950,32138691,Posted: 2 June,all,hentai.,"So Tekken 7 just came out and I am now really having to think about how I feel about this game. I enjoyed Ultra Street Fighter 4 for a very long time. However, Street Figher V released and it's what we got so here goesStreet Fighter is a game that needs really no introduction. It's a fast paced fighting game with nuances and it's pretty great. It's been successful for a very long time, bringing together talented kids with tape mended glasses for years. However, this fifth entry is a bit divisive. The combat is pretty wonderful this time around. It feels just as responsive and fun as it ever did but with the port being poorly executed and the roster being much, much shorter this time around, it felt like Capcom had released an unfinished game. Down the line, we've gotten more characters but I think this game lost me.This was not helped by the, at times, attrocious netcode. Fighting games need a clear, balanced playing field for competitive play. What they don't need is 1 full second of delay on competitive when said person is paying for high quality Fiber internet. This happened too often and it very much made me no longer want to even try.This game did do one thing that I certainly commend it for, however, even if it was still a little smarmy. Streetfighter V has a good bit of ""dlc"" but these dlc's are the characters they didn't put in the game to start with and new arenas. The arenas don't bother me but my main, Juri, was locked behind a ""paywall."" This idea was obviously seen as trash by someone in the boardroom when they were finalizing the game because you /can/ earn currency in the game by winning online matches and you can use that currency to purchase characters and arenas. This is kind of cool, or would be if the other aspects of the game made me want to continue playing online.To wrap this probably unfair fan review up, I wanted to like this game. But the glaring issues it had upon release and the glaring issues it has now and can't really fix just make me want to keep playing Tekken 7. I grew up a Tekken guy anyway. Unfortunately, I think that game has garnered enough good will for me to turn my back on SFV maybe for good."
76561198092422495,Recommended,310950,29058861,Posted: 6 January,all,heckdizzle,Overall good game.  Quite a bit to do in single player content though there is no arcade mode.  There is a story mode if you finish normal and hard mode can get you 80k fight money.  Almost everything can be bought through fight money except for premium costumes which is understandable.  All I spent was for the game itself and all characters I got through fight money and only paid for 2 premium costumes.  I would say get the game if you like fighters in general as the game is fun to play.
76561197966506052,Recommended,310950,29052430,Posted: 5 January,all,csspeedbump,"This game had a rough launch, but honestly the gameplay is really good and tbh if you really wanna play fighting games the point is to play against other people -- the online mode in SFV is enough."
76561197962710455,Not Recommended,310950,21251355,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,EM,meh
,Not Recommended,310950,21259898,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Gamefreak,"This game is now going on almost 6 months and basic features such as online play are plagued with issues like one sided rollback, degrading match quality if you rematch someone, and a few other issues that should of been dealt with or even ACKNOWLEDGED (Yup Capcom hasn't even said anything about these problems that are now well known in the community and they choose to ignore them I guess).7/26/2016 Update: The game still has terrible netcode, matches are extremely laggy even if the person lives 15 minutes away and you both have ""good"" internet. At this point Capcom isn't going to fix it. You should only get this game if you plan on playing offline, have a place around you that does weekly tournaments, or it's extremely cheap because there isn't even enough content here to be worth the $60 price tag.9/26/2016 Update: See the 7/26/2016 update11/3/2016 Update: See the 7/26/2016 Update (Game still isn't worth the $60 price tag. I really wouldn't be surprised if they slowly stop supporting the PC version of the game as well since they seem to like doing Playstation exclusive content already.) Maybe Season 2 of this game will bring with it a much needed upgrade to the netcode since they are trying to push this game as an e-sport much more than they have in the past.12/20/2016 Update: Season 2 comes with no mention of fixing the atrocious load times, the one sided rollback that has been there since day 1, keyboard support, Arcade Mode, and many more problems that should of been fixed by now. Oh and for the people waiting for the Linux/SteamOS version, you can just assume that isn't coming out at all.Much better alternatives: Third Strike on Fightcade, Guilty Gear Xrd Revelator (Join the Discord and you won't have issues finding a match for GGXrd), Killer Instinct (Sadly you need Windows 10 for this one), Tekken 7 (Comes out in Spring. Wait for the reviews but from what I have heard, the PC version runs like a dream and is the closest version to the Arcade)6/23/2017 Update: Tekken 7, Blazblue Centralfiction, and Guilty Gear Rev 2 are all out on Steam. Skip this game and get one of those instead."
76561198142235793,Not Recommended,310950,21265402,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ATP,"They said it was gonna be different from the Beta. Became worst.EDIT: Getting better now, I can now reconnmend this gameEDIT2: 2 steps forward 3 steps back.  Netcode is still not great, dlc heavy game, Cammy new airthrow LOL"
,Recommended,310950,26137535,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Jabbaski,"Disregarding the Kernel Fighter V incident, disregarding the imbalanced characters, disregarding the fact that this is a half finished early access title sold at full price, disregarding the horrible servers, disregarding that the $30 season pass unlocks and does jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ there is one problem with this ""game"". The alternate costumes and stages can only be obtained with real money.  Not so bad right? well listen to this.There is so much ♥♥♥♥ing dlc buying it all costs at least twice the amount of the game itself.For costumes.What.EDIT: They added Akuma. Who give a ♥♥♥♥ about any of the issues now. AKUMA."
,Not Recommended,310950,21246045,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Noh,"Brand new review :------ Newer review because somehow this trash is now positive review, most likely by effort of fanbois.. ------------Absolutely terrible game, they took what makes street fighter succesful and went the opposite direction.Game is basically get knock down, walk up on enemy wake up and then both sides enter a guessing game however it's favourable for the person who walks up to them, that is it as essentially mauling is the most predominant playstyle at high level, i watched someone sponsored by razer get one sidedly annihalated by someone who just continuously attacked, i have watched daigo make more good decisions only to lose to random♥♥♥♥♥gambles that pay off thanks to the damage they got, this is the only SF game i know of where the fundamentals of the game can and will get used against you as in this game you don't want to be tight, you want to be unpredictable.It has also killed my local scene and my online scene, leaving some of my friends not playing FG's at all.Game has has degraded online play compared to launch and 8+ months on hasn't really done that much, i'm not going to go into the rootkit incident or the -1 frame of lags causing the fanboys to say it's now fixed when that doesn't address to core gameplay that the majority of people hated.This game was designed for casual players and yet people talking about how to get them back, only people still playing are those with a Dunning–Kruger effect going on or Pro's who are invested in the game, nevermind the people whose only reason for playing it is because they love street fighter and only support it because they do so in hopes there will be a SF6...sales of the game tanked being the 2nd worst selling SF next to 3S.Essentially only USA and marketing are keeping this game alive, the cheer amount of money they threw into the CPT is what has them going strong but if they don't recover somehow then 2017 is going to be interesting if they don't have the money to do it.Alternatives :  Ok so here is another problem, there are great alternatives but with twists, if you have a ps4 and don't live in USA then KOF14 is a good bet, the online is apparently dead in the US tho sadly, however UK and EU and CHINA have strong scenes.GGxrd Revelator if you have a ps4 is doing ok, honestly i wouldn't know too much as i don't own a ps4 but i hear good things.BlazBlue  central fiction if you like that sort of thing is the last in the series and looking very nice.Skullgirls on steam, small but strong playerbase, if you like marvel like games then this is a good bet.As a SF2/3/4 player i hate to admit these next two, call it old rivalries or banter :PMortal kombat xl is doing very well, since fixing the netcode it's fixed its one major downsideSmash 4 (and melee) if you have a local scene then go for melee, it's hard tho, if you want something in between casual and hardcore then smash 4 catters to both sides and is very fun, it's on 3ds and wii u but i'd reccomend the wii u version.Others i just remembered  :Killer instinct definitive edition is a good fighting game, crossplay with xbox one, to play on pc you need windows 10, has a new fun mode that allows you to unlock jago once you do the tutorial of it (shadow lords)Pokken tournament :  Legit no idea.Seriously, the only thing that this game has going for it is that the PRO's are stubbornly playing it since Capcom invested most their money into CPT so therefore that is sadly where the money currently is.that and SFV fanboys sabotaging the releases of other games like some of the ones i mention above, the amount of times i've seen people that play SFV come onto the pages and not buy the game and go ""i don't like this about it"" ""the game will die soon don't buy"" ""netcode is probably gonna suck"" etc is pathetic, of course those games aren't gonna have a great start if insecure fanboys go out of their way to do that♥♥♥♥♥♥instead of working together to elevate a genre that has had so much troubles in past that it can't afford to do this crap.Another thing is SFV is really easy, like seriously easy and that makes players not want to go learn proper fighting games due to the barrier of entry, i get this and it sucks but you lose out on the journey that is most important in fighting games, the one of self improvement and earning your victories, in SFV you can litterally get away with playing dumb because the amount of damage you can get from a combo from a lucky crush counter is insane haha.For your information to those wondering if i lost to someone and am salty or something, when i quit i was at the height of my social, it got boring and how i played isn't what i'd say was worth being proud of, i played with zero respect and went for pure mauling because once you put players into that position of defending in my honest opinion you have won the game, not round, not match, the game, you have figured out the only thing you need to really know about SFV.It ended up that i realised i was in denial and the one thing closest to my heart hobby wise, fighting games that is, the thing that helped me quit smoking and that i made a small local scene from and an online scene and brought so much joy to me had been destroyed by one singular game, SFV, it undid everything that i valued as important and only one person i know plays the game still and while now he is definetely what i'd call good, it annoys me that he was a great player but now he is but a shadow of what he was.But hey, maybe that's why sonicfox couldn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥on SF4 but when he came to SFV he got 7th place"
76561198066265666,Recommended,310950,24101729,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cayetano,"This is coming from a newbie on fighting games (having played some while i was a kid but just button smashing and trying to start learning only for a year). So see this review from the point of view of an average playerGame is really good, my favourite fighting game was SF3rd strike but i learned to love this one.It has it's problems thoughPros:-Game is very fun, i feel it a little more aggressive-wise than the previous one. I can't go very deeply but i feel every character feels - plays quite different.-Characters are great. They're all fun to play and their designs look great. It's the first time i have the problem that i like everyone (because i can't decide which one to learn)-Art style is great, they ditched the overly exaggerated cartoony style for a more realistic one (while mantaining it's fantasy style). Women look great (aside from being overly sexualized), just compare the body between sf4 and sfv's cammy.-Story mode. Wait, don't punch me!. I think that having a story mode helps you love the characters. While not being even good, it helps to like them.-Fightmoney is an incentive to keep playing, you don't earn almost nothing, but it's like studying 10 minutes and eating a candy, it helps.-I live in Argentina, and usually my connection sucks (in sfiv i had problems with players from NA or EU, here i still have them but very very very reduced). To me, at least, netcoe is way better than what i expectedCons-Story mode (even with the update). It sucks, the cinematics are good but it doesn't make sense at all and it made me dislike characters i previously liked (and like others).-Long lodaing times-No arcade mode : Ok, half of the players think that it's worthless because the game is supposed to be Multiplayer. But to me it's a must. If you have bad internet connection because reasons you can't enjoy the game. You can go to story mode (the old one you can go perfect without even looking at the screen, the new one doesn't allow you to choose characters) or survival that can be a pain if you want constant dificulty. To me this one is the most important con, the one that keeps me from LOVING the game.-Dlc is overpriced to the point that it's insulting (while you don't really need to buy it)-Slowmo-crashes depending on your pc (if you have wacom drivers or virtual keyboard you might want to turn them off or it'll crash randomnly), i can't even play on training stage because it goes slowmo 90% of the times.I love this game, keep in mind that it has been released as a work in progress. i didn't mind because we all knew we were buying it and that it's getting patched. If you want to enjoy a fighting game online, this is the one i'd go. It's fresh, it's nice, it's easy to pick, tears to master.If you want offline, wait until arcade mode is announced (i doubt it will be...) or play something else."
76561198023368645,Not Recommended,310950,33981205,Posted: 2 August,all,jake010011,"I don't like this game at all. I can't count how many things this game has dropped the ball on. First off the pc port is not optimized and it runs like s*** on my rig. Then you have all the micro transaction in this full price game. A costume should not cost $4. And, every character’s hair clips through there body like the dev just couldn't even bother it fix. They ruined Juri my favorite. There is not enough characters and it takes years to unlock them all unless you get them way too much money. This is one of my favorite franchises but I wish I could unbuy this game. There is a good game hiding under all the BS but it’s impossible to get to."
76561198105457906,Not Recommended,310950,32441450,Posted: 15 June,all,Youtube bluesdesignstudio,"I cannot play this game due to a fatal error ""UE 4 Fatal Error"" I have bought this on steam and have not played it ever since, was looking forward to playing it though what a bummer and I have not yet found a solution for it sucks..."
76561198224123220,Recommended,310950,22086795,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Guru Fernandez,"Incredibly fun game. I really enjoy that they removed bs mechanics like FADC and 1-frame links. Now combos are reasonably do-able and still rewarding. V-Skill/Trigger adds a personal flavor to each character and adds to their playstyle. The cast feels quite varied as well, with none (at the moment) seeming like complete garbage compared to others, but I'll let the pros pick them apart and inevitably find the strengths of each character.I don't particularily like the idea of releasing a bare bones game with the promise of more content on the horizon. But I guess if the new content is free, then we have alot to look forward to."
,Recommended,310950,33949888,Posted: 1 August,all,Biscuito Momma,Same♥♥♥♥♥♥as Resident Evil 6. gg Crapcom I love You ^~^
,Not Recommended,310950,28659610,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ray12370,"As of the New CFN patch, I've been getting matched with nothing but Hispanic country and Brazil players, even when I ask for only 5 bar games (I'm in California). It's mainly a problem in casual matchmaking for me, but it's still an issue nonetheless since casual is where you'd want to go to practice anyways.My internet plan is at about 60 Mbps, my actual average download speed is about 10 mbps. I haven't been able to enjoy this game in quite a while because of matches with crappy connections."
,Not Recommended,310950,22883094,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,MinorDespera,Netcode is trash. If you thought Games for Windows Live and early Steamworks in SFIV was awful wait till you see this.
,Not Recommended,310950,21309752,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Gamma Lyrae,"Can't recommend this game in its current state. Base elements of the game engine itself aren't going to be fixed without a rerelease-like overhaul.*Single player elements are barebones. Training modes are gimpy compared to other fighting games out on the market.*Unacceptable levels of input lag on all platforms*Game takes FOREVER to load from the menus, character selection, getting into the battles themselves, etc. Doesn't matter if you have the game installed on an SSD or not - either a PS4 player's hamstrung load speed will delay you even more, and the game engine itself will artificially delay the transition to the in-game match to appear more consistent overall, at the expense of valuable time*Matchmaking is unacceptably slow*Netcode was farmed out to a korean mobile game developer - it is technically rollback netcode like we've all been clamoring for, but it's implemented poorly and when combined with the input lag mentioned above, online games play like♥♥♥♥♥♥As a new player, don't even bother with this game unless you truly believe that you'll be able to put in the time to win prize pots from Evo and other large scale tournaments that Capcom and Sony donate money to in order to promote their game. The potential to win money is all that's really keeping anyone playing this stinker.Other PC games like Guilty Gear XRD, Blazblue, Skullgirls, Mortal Kombat X, and Killer Instinct are all reasonably active and much better."
76561197987373773,Not Recommended,310950,21495025,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Flights 4M Columbia,"I was wrong in my original review, this game has so many issues so buyer beware. This game is not worth the price tag, if you could find yourself a copy at 20 or 15 bucks maybe then it might be worth a buy. I found copies for ps4 for around 10 to 15 usd so theyre out there but be prepared ,for alot of headaches down the line."
,Recommended,310950,26863905,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Devil Ape,"its alright, Capcom are still greedy AF though."
,Recommended,310950,26869417,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jems,"So many misteps made by Capcom with this game, but its still Street Fighter, which is still one of the best games ever.  Just don't expect much for the casual player, do expect to be nickel and dimed for colours and stages, do be prepared for much salt, frustration and rage, and for occasional moments of joy when you don't suck.  You have to decide if the good is worth the bad.   I'd also recommend waiting right now to see what happens with season 2 and see if some kind of 'game of the year' edition comes out rolling all the season 1 characters, stages etc together.I don't want to 'not recommend' this game as its by far my most played game this year and i'm horribly addicted, but if you get 'ladder anxiety' then there's not enough else here to recommend it currently."
,Recommended,310950,26902521,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xiro,"I've been playing the Street Fighter franchise since the World Warrior.  In fact I bought a SNES to play it.  I don't pre-order games generally - in fact I'd like to say I never do on principle, but for this game, and the USF4 upgrade I made an exception.  I bought new hardware to ensure I could run this game properly.I suffered through the 3 beta periods where the game servers were down more than they were up, and had the same experience during the actual launch of the game.#### as of Season 2, after 14 patches, this issue has now been resolved## I'm still forced to use a third-party program to use the fightstick that I can use in *every## other* fighting game - including USF4.Along with everyone else I waited over half a year for the single-player ""story-mode"", which is definately fun, and brings something new to the franchise - but if I want to play a bit of arcade-mode streetfighter, I have to go back to USF4.With these criticisms out of the way I'll point out that the heart of the game - the online - is generally rather good. I'd dare to say it's much improved over USF4 in that respect.Cross-play with people on Playstation has kept the playerbase pretty healthy.  Having at least the option of not paying cash to unlock additional characters is a another welcome change of strategy from Capcom who - rest assured are still more than happy to drain your wallet for additional character skins and the like - Capcom's not going to stop being Capcom after all.I do reccomend this game, but it's a heavilly-caveated reccomendation.  The Street Fighter franchise is one of the most respected in gaming, and yet Capcom cannot stop making misteps (including a recent ""anti-cheating"" update that installed a literal rootkit onto users pc's - this was fixed pretty quickly, but is rather inexcusable behaviour from any developer).There are many things I can criticise about this game, but I keep playing it, and I do enjoy it.  However, don't count on me pre-ordering the next one Capcom unless things drastically improve on your end."
,Recommended,310950,26909711,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Blundd 天,10/10 Would get a salt overdose again
,Recommended,310950,26782279,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,luckyjj,"This is the best badly reviewed game on steam I've played.I understand the complaints at launch, but it is currently a pretty well rounded game.The gameplay is fantastic, and I don't understand the complaints about the netcode.The only time its bad is when my opponent's internet is running like trash.  2 people with good internet?  It is like I'm playing beside them in person.People just want to hate Street Fighter Vhttp://i.imgur.com/w8m62dC.jpgWant to play the current fighting game king with an actual population? Buy this."
76561197993271658,Recommended,310950,26888855,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Metatime,"Game have come a long way from when it was released. They fix most of the bugs and have story mode now. They released all the Season 1 characters and everything is pretty good at the moment. Online for me is working well and my friend and since my game is on a ssd, the matches loads up fast"
,Recommended,310950,27213541,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chiken Nugger,hi
,Recommended,310950,28614183,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,dick,capcom.sys
,Recommended,310950,28652133,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,a.mmurad,Great fun. The DLC are overpriced but you can earn the characters through fight points anyway. Online is great fun especially with ds4 nowadays.
,Recommended,310950,28606364,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,treybasedGOD,ONE OF THE BEST FIGHTER GAMES I PLAYED!
,Recommended,310950,26781413,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,$peeze,is good gaem but its ♥♥♥♥ed cuz capcom is kooky
,Recommended,310950,27543483,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Monothulhu.sorrow,This game need a little more polishing and content. We still need arcade mode!!
76561198051087489,Recommended,310950,27890479,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,dimdreamer,"A great-looking game that plays well, but VERY bare bones. Only get it if you need your Street Fighter fix."
,Recommended,310950,27978052,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Merricks,Typical local muliplayer game synopsisMe playing game:Carefully try to time attacks and weave them around my friends defenses. Try to predict what he is going to do and set up the correct block and prepare for the counter play. Save my super meter for exactly the right opening.My friend playing game:MASH ALL THE BUTTONS!!!Game results:Dirty button mashing friend wins most games.10/10
76561198072670540,Recommended,310950,35393610,Posted: 1 October,all,Limonado,"The games has mixed reviews and a lot of hate from the Fighting Game Community but if you are just getting into fighting games and like the competitive aspect of them is a really good game, lots of tournament to watch online, resources to learn the game and individual characters and an active community making online matches easy to find.On the other hand if you want a more solo experience the game is really lacking, there is no arcade mode, the story mode and survival mode are really boring so that only leaves you with character trials and vs CPU wich is not enough in my opinion to justify the purchase.So if you want to start your salty journey to become a world warrior this is a good start."
,Not Recommended,310950,35428440,Posted: 2 October,all,emrahozer,"Even though I really enjoy playing this game, whenever I start playing I face up with crashing issues all the time (win 10). It's been quite annoying that they haven't fixed this issue for months."
,Recommended,310950,23497156,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Mistik,They added a keyboard support horay!
76561198066202866,Recommended,310950,33298151,Posted: 5 July,all,MckY,very fun i just suck :)
76561197961605228,Recommended,310950,26955905,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DocLL,The best game I have spent too little time on.
,Recommended,310950,26941633,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Paulozz,"Despite all the people complaining, SFV is a very good fighting game!"
76561198024967429,Not Recommended,310950,30123534,Posted: 23 February,all,Admiral_Nappa,"If you read so many reviews to see this old review .............Bewarned, 75% of the playerbase bewteen ultra silver and ultra gold are either lag switchers, delay lagsploiters or sub 60fps vsync off users who induce input loss on opponet. Keep your rank silver and below if you want to play legit players or somehow slog through the trash. I can't reach gold due to the constant matchup of these cheaters for every legit player you face you get matched up with 2-3 lag\delay\fps cheaters often in a row. There really is nothing you can do against people who somehow make your inputs stop working during combos you done many times without even trying and can do flawlessly, or making themselves 3-4 frames ahead and unpunishable by nearly anything you do. Its disgusting, the community in this game is worse then a Dragonball fighter."
,Not Recommended,310950,28924232,Posted: 1 January,all,ewa,♥♥♥♥♥♥waste of money.. U4-kiwi game crash? please help me out here this is so disapointing
76561197966931072,Not Recommended,310950,25651796,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Apoptosis,Insulting.
,Not Recommended,310950,32301631,Posted: 9 June,all,miss blinkitt,"i have played usfiv for 1000 hoursi have played sfv for 100 hours and now it is gone forever. dead.sfv is perhaps the biggest let down for me in all of videogames since sliced bread. i came to sfiv late in order to prepare for the dawn of eSports and because daigo was fun to watch in that moment he did (37). i believed in Hype.i spent many many hours learning ""fundamentals"" and talking to people about ""strategy"" and ""mindset"" etc resultantly.then sfv came out in feb one of the last years...sfv does not have a combo system. sfv had a root kit. sfv is all about rushdown. there is no neutral game. there is an inordinatley large amount of input latency. the matchmaking is slow and♥♥♥♥♥♥ as are the menus. the characters look weird: ken's face is ♥♥♥♥ed up. some of the stages are banned from tournament because they intefere with core gameplay elements. the dlc is too expensive. the developers do not communicate properly with their core audience. people rage quit all the time. you cannot add players through steam and then talk to them about why you lost because you have to use the C A P C O M F I G H T I N G G A M E N E T W O R K or someshit.the last point there is actually a big deal because we don't play these things to not have any friends. and we play these things to improve ourselves. the game is just a medium for facing up to our shortcomings. communicating with others allows us to be humble and to clarify our shortcomings. this is not important to capcom it would seem.more of the same:alex's legs are on backwards. the backgrounds of the stages are in 30fps in some places. on one stage two men are having what looks like anal sex on a bus. player 2's boobs used to jiggle ridiculously. there is one sided roll back. cammy's air throw lol. dps aren't invincible any more unless you spend meter. crush counters. fireballs are useless. jumping is too good. jab anti air. crouching medium punch anti air? akuma looks stupid. comebacks mean nothing as 2 mix ups will win you the round. everything is about mix ups and momentum. there is no stalking your opponent in neutral.high level play is boring and samey to watch as each player plays the same. there is no room for self expression or hype. the only expression left in the game is through the commentators and players themselves *outside* of the game.i watched old episodes of sfiv excellent adventures with infiltration, aris. they were so fun to watch. the new episodes are phoned in and sad. sfv has killed my hobby and that really ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.save yourself the cash and find a different hobby!"
,Not Recommended,310950,33558844,Posted: 15 July,all,sundaysunking,"I love Street Fighter. I love Street Fighter V. I have spent stupid amounts of my life playing this series and this game. SFV is awesome- but only when I can ACTUALLY PLAY IT! And I have not been able to run this game for months. One day, my PC and SFV decided that it just wouldn't run anymore. And this is so unbelievably frustrating and RIDICULOUS! Ridiculous that Capcom can release one of its flagship titles on PC and just have a constant, never ending wave of bugs, mess ups, crashes. Ridiculous that I click on run, like every other single game on Steam, and it does not run.When i first got this game, after a few hours of messing around I got it to run. It ran for months, I played, I enjoyed. Now, nothing. I have trawled through forum posts,on Steam and elsewhere. I have changed settings and gone into parts of my PC that I have never been to before. Messing with firewalls, network adapter settings, graphics card tweaks, random methods of connecting and shutting down- loads of hassle just to RUN a game that I paid(quite handsomely) for.I am dissapointed and frustrated. I want to reccomend SFV but I can't. I feel ripped off and Capcom have delivered a buggy, sloppy product."
76561198045257576,Recommended,310950,32888029,Posted: 27 June,all,Sup3lolzx,"The single player aspect of this game is downright bad when compared to games like GGXRD and MKX, not only in quantity of SP content but also in its quality, the story mode is a joke when compared to injustice or mortal kombat series, the lack of an arcade will be a deal breaker to those who only enjoy playing alone.When it comes to fighting VS another player, its great but making the game more simple than past entries of the franchaise does not help non FGC players get into it since the tutorial does not capture your atention as GGXRD, many fighthing games are guilty of this but as a game that went trough the truble of watering down the depth of combos and defensive options, the lack of a good tutorial makes this changes pointless to new comers to fighters in general.But i would still recomend the game to new comers, not because of the game itself, but for the Fighting Game Community, the FGC often helps new players get into it!, and SFV is a good starting point if you are interested in the FGC in the sligthest, you may not like the game as much as others but it serves as a gateway to other fighters that you may enjoy more."
,Not Recommended,310950,32852020,Posted: 27 June,all,Hexelf,"While the game keeps getting better with each major update, it's hard to recommend Street Fighter 5 as a whole.As a fighting game, it's fine, with a great selection of really diverse characters, interesting mechanics, really good character balance and more depth than people give it credit for.The problem is the overall package that said fighting game mechanics come in. While the combo trials and character tutorials are well above average for the genre, Street Fighter 5 on PC is laughably poorly optimized and still lacks many key of the key features that you would find in literally every other game in the genre - the complete lack of an arcade mode being the most noteable. The game also comes with disturbingly long load times, heavy emphasis on DLC-schemes  and it won't work well with a surprising amount of controllers.The story mode is shallow, the survival mode manages to be both exceptionally repetitive and almost entirely luck-based,and once you're done with them, all the game really has to offer is a variety of training modes and playing others online.If you have a high-end computer, are primarily interested in playing online and you're fine with things like regular balance overhauls that can completely change the meta, using vanilla Xbox controllers or sticks and a heavy focus on DLC - this game might be for you.But don't be surprised if you lose interest after a few hours when you run out of things to do."
,Not Recommended,310950,32780304,Posted: 25 June,all,Vexoskeleton,Treat yo self to a complete fighting game from a company that actually cares about more than Esportshttp://store.steampowered.com/app/520440/GUILTY_GEAR_Xrd_REVELATOR/
,Recommended,310950,28939535,Posted: 2 January,all,Innocence,This game is really good to be honest
76561198013524144,Not Recommended,310950,32763790,Posted: 25 June,all,Khari Chips,"Good game, crappy lag."
76561198077935107,Not Recommended,310950,32479919,Posted: 16 June,all,Pierangiolo Bicchi,"I wanted to like this game, i tried soo hard to like it. I was having fun up until i hit the mid plat to diamond ranking then all the problems vested in the game collapsed on me. The game feels often like i am just pressing random buttons at times and there isnt a genuine satisfaction to hitting a long combo string if i can do it litterally with one hand, i am not joking. The FGC thinks very poorly of this and capcom isnt doing virtually anything to fix it. It almost feels like the company wants to do exactly the opposite of the what the fans want. Games like these are whats causing the FGC to die out. Its 2 years in and there are still problems that could be easily fixed and capcom works at the pace of a turle. There are modders that have fixed ingame issues in weeks but capcom cant do it in the span of 2 years. I stopped playing and i dont regret it. The biggest mistake iv made was buying the season pass for this game, i will never buy another capcom releated season pass ever again.....AND DONT GET ME STARTED ON THE NETCODE!!!!"
76561198062893530,Not Recommended,310950,32809606,Posted: 26 June,all,SFV CFN+PSN: DHEvil,Nearly 2 years later and the game is still not finished. Avoid.Note: I mostly play this game on PS4 which is why I don't have much playtime here. I've achieved Ultra Platinum rank so I've played it quite a lot.
76561197986967741,Not Recommended,310950,32803586,Posted: 25 June,all,bc,Im still mad i paid full price for this trash
,Not Recommended,310950,35225758,Posted: 26 September,all,slorgg,I think the bottom line here folks id that they got our money.Pretty much doesn't matter how bad the game is.There's no heart in this game.
,Recommended,310950,26575748,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Waity100,Who else agrees that Peter should be the next DLC character?
,Recommended,310950,28899464,Posted: 1 January,all,elMagnum,"Best Street Fighter so far. Easy to play for the first time, still very competitive."
76561198186438369,Recommended,310950,26979975,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Battlemon,"Reasons why its the best Street Fighter and overall fighting game ever made:1) First fighter with crossplay.2) CFN is awesome, it lets you study other people, see your stats, and what rank you are overall and in your country etc.3)Free DLC. All characters are free to earn with in-game fight money.4)Amazing roster. (Fan faves like Urien and Alex from SF3, Birdie and R.Mika from Alpha 3, Juri from SF4)5)Amazing soundtrack. (RASHIDOOOOOOO!)6)Best training mode in a Street Fighter game ever.7)First Street Figther game with Cinematic story mode.8)Weekly challenges to earn money.9)First time in Street Fighter you can see your alternate costume on the select screen.10)Stage fatalities.11)Colorful graphics.12)Great online play. The netcode is better than USF4.13)Best gameplay ever made. V-skills and V-triggers rock and make characters unique. Priority system rocks, Crush counter system rocks. Shoryukens are not so powerful anymore. Only supers can chip kill now.14)Combo system rocks. (You have link combos, counter combos, cancel combos,  juggle combos, on the ground combos, throw combos etc.)15) Game is faster than USF4.16) Frame data in official website of the game.Buy this game. Its awesome!"
,Recommended,310950,22023585,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ColombianOreo,Honestly? It's a great game. I've had a blast and am a little dissapointed I didn't get into this sooner. At the time of writing this I will say that it is missing some core things but it's still a great game nonetheless; and when the modules do come out it's going to be even better.
76561198022759290,Recommended,310950,23824119,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Zone Priest,best fighting game there is
,Recommended,310950,29070896,Posted: 6 January,all,El Weebanese,"Only wish you could rebind keys from default, other than that incredibly solid entry to the SF franchise."
76561198062729456,Recommended,310950,28707660,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Xelloss,fun game
,Recommended,310950,28858090,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kana,SF4 but more!
,Recommended,310950,28816040,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ElectricFuzz,Good. Getting better. Alex FTW!
76561198066218084,Recommended,310950,29890658,Posted: 12 February,all,AgitoZ,Street Fighter V was a game released far too early. All the of criticism it recieved and still does is mostly valid. If it had been released around winter 2016 it's average score would be much higher. Now that such basic features like a story mode have been added it is finally worthy to play. The gameplay has always been solid but the overall package needed a lot of work. I'd still wouldn't pay full price for it though. If it's on sale make sure to get it.
,Recommended,310950,29310760,Posted: 16 January,all,lifemeetsdeath,it is a fun game even though im unable to play it at the current time due to game refuseing to launch past the capcom screen before crashing i do reccomend the game mainly because i have played it for a while with friends on thier pc/ps4
,Not Recommended,310950,34954471,Posted: 14 September,all,danieljohnson1983,"game keeps unexpectedly crashing after 20 minutes of gameplay, hasn't been fixed for months. no arcade mode, can't even get my money back, do not buy"
76561198015728713,Recommended,310950,27821150,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Valon,"A very nice gameplay. Granted the game was completly broken at release and still has some big flaws in everything that is not gameplay I still give it a positive because the gameplay is, at least in my opinion, very good. I played it a lot this year and I plan to play it a lot next year too and probably even after that."
,Recommended,310950,27230690,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Indo Gaming Intel,"stupid game, cant play online, keep on getting a 22004 error message when it tries to download an in-game update."
,Recommended,310950,27590412,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,`MetsuEviL,Its fun!  Just need to invest in a lot of time into it!  Practice makes perfect!
,Not Recommended,310950,28965096,Posted: 2 January,all,Who is Mike Jones,This game does not work well with Arcade controllers. It will not allow you to rebind keyboard controls and for 30 minutes it got stuck on a controller layout. I don't even have a controller hooked up to my PC. I didn't even get to play. Just trying to get it setup made me hate this game.
76561198208371372,Recommended,310950,27594682,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,donstiama,"I have both the PS4 and the steam version. Steam version has the better graphics by far. That being said. The game had a rough start but a lot of the issues (constant disconnects, etc) I had were resolved (my firewall and router). I no longer get disconnected and get online matches quickly. That being said it lacks an arcade mode and story mode is long and meh. If you like fighting and up for a challenge online, go for it. Don't purchase it for $60, pick it up while it is on sale!!"
76561198078141551,Not Recommended,310950,33359630,Posted: 7 July,all,Shogunia,"As much as I wanted to give this game a thumbs up but this game has a POOR NETWORK CONNECTION.I am not saying this game is bad, It has one of the best and fluid actions ever created and you can actually feel the weight of the acions and it is very important to a fighting game."
76561197976684554,Not Recommended,310950,35201190,Posted: 25 September,all,vinnygamer888,"I had nothing but problems running this game. Firstly, my XBOX 360 arcade stick didn't work when I plugged it in. I could not configure my keys the way I wanted it. I found out I could fix the issue by deleting a .ini file.The second time I tried to run the game it just froze with a black screen that minimised itself. I reinstalled the game and it didn't fix the issue. I can't play this game and I give up."
,Recommended,310950,27089268,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheGreatBritishNinja,"It's pretty good tbh. You should probably wait until after Capcom Cup 2016/Akuma reveal before picking it up though. Also, if you're poor, you can play old SF arcade games like Third Strike on Fightcade."
,Recommended,310950,27098076,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Weeperr,Its good and will get better. Bad launch come back in a few months.
,Recommended,310950,27106658,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bigby Wolf,"Roses are red, violets are blue, Akuma grabbed you"
,Recommended,310950,27132464,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magiz,"Street Fighter V is a solid fighting game that has gone back to basics compared to the previous titles. The online netcode for the most part is stable (with a 4-5 bar connection), and features cross-play with PlayStation 4 owners. The game features a full cast of characters old and new (with more to come very soon). Capcom has done a great deal to make SF5 a better game and continues to add to it frequently."
76561197998587957,Recommended,310950,27147928,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bulldog0890,"Street Fighter V is a game that launched with some server issues and a real lack of content. Over these past few months however, Capcom has added much to the game and addressed a number of its issues.  While I would still like to see anti-air jabs removed from the game and thrown into the deepest layer of hell forever, I'd still recommend this game to anyone even remotely interested in fighting games. Granted, everyone remotely interested in the genre has already played it...probably"
,Recommended,310950,27101833,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GMG | psxsquall,Can't wait for Akuma to come out and the casuals to completely forget about no Arcade Mode.
,Recommended,310950,27859484,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LL Cool Jk,no arcade stick support.no ability to steal quarters from cabinets.whatever.
,Recommended,310950,21311385,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,DR0NEvil,"Now that the online seems to be functional (for the most part) I can recommend this game.Only to a hardcore fighting game player. There is really not much here to attract the casual player or one that is not interested in simply just playing matches over and over online.Most fighting game enthusiasts would take a new game 2 or 3 months early if they could only play simple online ranked matchmaking with the promise of fleshing out more content for a richer experience in the coming year, as long as they fulfill that promise and add things of actual substance i can recommend this game, or I'd have to be forced to change my review to negative as even though I'm completely in love with the system mechanics and flow of SFV (a much more stripped down, reminiscent of older games yet with the right modern sensibillities well worked in) the product is completely barebones at launch and will only appeal to die-hards that are content with duking it out over and over again.Even for competetive players, there aren't things like only training mode or lobby features here at launch. But with the approach to treat the game as a developing platform similliar to Killer Instinct, I can give this a TENTATIVE recommend, with the proviso they do not drop the ball as the continue to add features and content to this game."
,Not Recommended,310950,33414999,Posted: 9 July,all,Stannis Baratheon,"Watch lots of fighting games. Very cool stuff. Hear of ""footsies"", ""reads"", ""conditioning opponent"", ""crouch tech"" and many other fascinating things. Sees pros do some really cool♥♥♥♥♥♥in games. Wow so skilled.SFV is coming. Here's my chance to join in on the fighting.New player. Log on. Pick a character. Learn a couple of things about character. Learn some fundamentals. Learn some more of both. Go online. Play against 123-target-comboing-constantly-jumping-constantly-teleporting-randomly-uppercutting ryus and kens. Beat alot of them but also loose alot. Rage. Give game bad review on steam. Capcom made game newcommer friendly.. only what newcommer would stay to play this game? Veterans say game is whack designed, has no hype and is going nowhere. Game ded."
,Recommended,310950,21810777,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Asbsestos Type Pokemon,"Despite the lack of day 1 content, this game is pretty good and provides a fresh take on the Street Fighter series. I would recommend it. There's a lot of anger about the lack of singleplayer content, which has resulted in bad reviews for the game so far - don't believe the hype."
,Recommended,310950,23730426,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MPCImortal,"I WOULD rate this neutral if I could but I can't. SFV is an incomplete Fighting Game that takes from P2W games by making characters locked behind a paywall. The paywall can be accessed by ingame currency though... 100,000 of that currency that is, which can be earned by winning 2,000 matches or completing the terrible story mode. There's no arcade mode, and it's replacement, survival mode, is awful. Out of ALL these reasons NOT to buy the game, why do I recomend it? Because it's fun as hell! I love how fluid the controls are! I'd say, buy this game during a sale.Edit: There's now an actual story mode and it's pretty good! It gives you 30,000 of the currency which still isn't enough to get a character. I guess that means they got rid of one of the cons of this game, being: a terrible story mode"
,Recommended,310950,23725578,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,codejedi,"I love fighting games.  This is one of my favorites.  I found SF4 to be a little unfriendly for casual players like me with all the one frame links, option selects, unblockables, etc. that one had to learn.  I am having a ton of fun with this game and very much recommend it."
,Not Recommended,310950,32487471,Posted: 16 June,all,tolucafreak,"This game is a prime example that Capcom have no idea what they are doing. The game is by far the weakest SF game in the series. The roster is weak, they have been all dumbed down for the sake of ""accesability."" By doing so, they have made every character play practically the same. The game is heavily unbalanced and some of the balance adjustments have been awful. The UI and the netcode are absolutely atrocious and the visuals have clipping or very poor models(ie: Ken and Ibuki's models). Do not buy anything from Capcom that is related to fighters until it is released because you are just going to waste money on their quick cash grabs and put no effort in development."
76561198158641119,Recommended,310950,32759399,Posted: 24 June,all,Scary_bunny831,I'm glad I got this game on sale is definitely worth it but only on sale the games that so fun and addicting but I do agree that they are only few characters to play  but it is a fun game.
76561198202527620,Not Recommended,310950,33023410,Posted: 29 June,all,Unknown,Game crashed 6 times in less then an hour of play. Not much else to say.
76561198352321482,Not Recommended,310950,33024151,Posted: 29 June,all,kotabare ✞,it would be nice if you could make a game were i can acept the police but it wont even let me do that fix your damn♥♥♥♥♥
76561198098130695,Not Recommended,310950,21248830,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,kevkev,0/10 would beta again
76561198064554689,Not Recommended,310950,21405677,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Mrs. Claus,This game story mode is very short. Single player mode also bad
76561197975062547,Not Recommended,310950,21256189,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,CookieMonsta_0,"Game feels incomplete.Broken online lounge.Rank matches  have been pretty good,"
,Not Recommended,310950,21407676,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,۞P۞a۞i۞n۞w۞e۞a۞v۞e۞r۞,"1. Story Mode is short as hell. U can finish it with 1 hand in 5mins.2. You cannot use Joystick or Joypad unless you download an X360 emulator (Doesnt support DirectX)The only fun thing about SF5 is playing online against other players but their network is CRAPPY as hell and EXTREMELY UNSTABLE.You can have 5 bars connection today and 1 bar the next day even if its the same friend.Without STABLE NETWORK BATTLE, this game is so not worth buying.Totally ripped me off. Should have just waited a few months till everything is stable and fixed."
76561197964635045,Recommended,310950,24008846,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Champo,"Game used to be just okay if you played it competitively, but now its great wether you just want to start or want to dive deep into it. Community is great and helpfull too which helps"
76561198042510255,Recommended,310950,24008970,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Shadowyuri,"Can finally start to recommend. It took capcom forever but they finally delivered.And as far as it looks at this moment (Balrog and Ibuki release) they are doing an amazing jobwith the DLC characters. First looks at Juri and Urien suggest really fun characters.If capcom keeps it up with the content, this will be an amazing games.As of now its ok. I recommend it cause the gameplay is amazing and we finally have Story, more characters and better matchmaking!"
,Not Recommended,310950,32547178,Posted: 18 June,all,VilentByDezign,characters are way to expensive this is a rip off
76561198271297814,Recommended,310950,23958786,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Arthur-Lau,good
,Not Recommended,310950,32229442,Posted: 6 June,all,UnitedWeDance,Good game overall except for the fact that you pay for a full game and then you have characters costing 100k to unlock and earning only 50 per fight won. The grinding on this game is unbelievable.
76561197970926838,Recommended,310950,24088645,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Krezan,"Great Street Fighter game but really needs a single player ladder with 3 rounds (plus, should be able to set rounds) and a ladder for tired aging farts like myself who just want a way to unwind after work. Better than Street Figher IV (IMO, was too defensive) but until this is added I have to say, I am a little disappointed. Please add ladder and the ability to add however many damn rounds I want to a fight and I'll even try to convice my grandmother to play it. Cheers.Or so I thought, afte playing a bit more, needs a lot of subtleies fixed, lest it gets a bit mediocre. Would still recommend as a chill beat em up (still better than a whole raft of fighters) but certainly not up there with the great street fighters. Things like being able to break people up and so on need work as well as some quick punishes need to be added. The to and fro is there, a few mind games, but not much more. Still better than IV though."
,Recommended,310950,22763199,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Mr.Reece,"Great game, rarely any trouble finding a match and gameplay is smoother than on PS4.  Been playing since release and game has ran flawlessly so far."
,Recommended,310950,29896622,Posted: 13 February,all,Ryder,"Very good game, i like it!"
,Recommended,310950,22033144,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,"Im the boss, Baby","Hey man, this game is 5/7. Remember that time you SPD'd Frank's grandmother? It was great. 10/10 is hitler #ign"
76561198031867230,Recommended,310950,22035057,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,BEEFMEAT,"Virtually no single player but the online play is great! Honestly was trying to hold off buying until it was a ""complete"" game but decided f@@k it.. Glad I did."
,Recommended,310950,22036785,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Labrynthus,I bought this game for the sole reason that is the fact that Chun-li's thighs are wider than her waist.Beautiful
76561198125418845,Recommended,310950,24027406,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,m.shute,"A fantastic game for players of any level. The relese may have been...not perfect, but ever since then this has come to be my favorite fighting game with it's divese roster, great looks and option selects being patched out (unlike sf4). I would highly recomend anyone on the fence about this game just to try it, you might be suprised how good this game really is."
,Recommended,310950,24239121,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,vomitz85,I'm going to come back and update this later after I finish the new story mode but I have to say that so far I'm really enjoying this game.  The artwork and music are both top notch.I can't speak to the keyboard controls because I haven't used them but the game plays great with an XBOX one or XBOX 360 controller.  Although the game doesn't support direct input you can get thos peripherals working.I have a Mad Catz TE2 PS3/PS4 fightstick and to make it work you just had to go to the Mad Catz sight and grab a driver.  The driver let's you switch between the DI and XI modes.  Probably the game should just support DI but who really cares when you can fix it so easily.The gameplay is extrememly fluid and the artwork and sound are beautiful.  I'm really not very good at fighting games but I am enjoying this one and plan on playing well into the future.
,Recommended,310950,23875562,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,dvlcube,"Best Street Fighter since 3rd Strike, for me.It's still incomplete, but you can fight online, so I'm having a lot of fun with it."
,Recommended,310950,24023707,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,hi im coco ツ,Amazing game.
,Recommended,310950,24023919,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Meathamski,"Street Fighter V has kept my attention for the past 2 or 3 months with ease.. and that was just the bare bones fighting system with some characters.  Now there is a story mode that is actually well put together and entertaining and the ladder matches me with similarly ranked opponents?This was my first serious fighting game and the community really did a good job at pulling me in.  It really has this friendly atmosphere where players are taking jabs at each other one second and then cheering the next.  Wednesday Night Fights weekly makes me cheer for russian dudes in their underwear 69ing in the air before getting pounded hard right into the ground.What I love about the game is it is challenging.  You have to think about what your opponent is doing and you have to counter it.  You may even play mindgames with your opponent to get them to open up.  You have to practice your combos, learn your characters normals, and work your way around problems that other games seem to solve for you.  Each fight is exciting.. and the fight after that fight is more exciting because they just figured out what you were doing and you have to change it up or lose the entire set.Even the fact that my friend beats my♥♥♥♥♥70 times a night in a private battle lounge is a good thing because we're both getting better.  Sometimes I double down on losses and say if I win, it counts as more.. and then I have 140 losses.  This game tears us apart and then glues us together.. and the glue is made of pure hatred.   It doesn't matter that during the fight a fire is burning in my chest.  It wells up inside of me for hours.  I try to sleep and I dream about it.  It doesn't matter if I go to work and all I can see is blinding flashes of light as Chun-Li kicks me in the face with her big♥♥♥♥♥legs.  All that matters is that I kill my friend.  And I can't kill him while he's sleeping or while his back is turned.  It wouldn't be satisfying.  I have to crush him from the front, repeatedly.  I want to destroy him physically, emotionally, and spiritually.  And for that, I need to practice and learn and adapt.Street Fighter V brings people together."
,Recommended,310950,24006418,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,WillyShin,Started off as a barebones platform but is now shaping up to be one of the best fighting games of all time.
76561198258481925,Recommended,310950,24061214,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pip (TLR),"I've played street fighter since I was a kid.  Played all the alpha games.  Played the 3d street fighter game, played capcom vs snk, street fighter x tekken, ALL of them.  Side scrolloer fighting games are my cup of tea.  I LOVE the street fighter series, although I always kind of dogged them for NEVER changing their timing and range.  Before you get into the advanced techniques of fighter games (Poking strategy, cross ups, bait tactics, chip damage, high-low combos, frame reversals) you have 2 things.  Timing and range.  For 20 years timing and range has not changed on street fighter even though the graphics and fps has gotten better most changes was strictly cosmetic.........And here comes street fighter V.  Characters such as Nash and Vega's special moves input has changed....and yes...timing and range have changed as well.  Great job Capcom.  Street fighter is elite once again.  I highly recomend this game!!!!!!!"
76561197988960866,Recommended,310950,24975099,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Sharpe,After a rushed start it feels like it has become the game it intended to be.
,Not Recommended,310950,25703703,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Smooth Slick,"DO NOT, i repeat, DO ♥♥♥♥ING NOT BUY THIS GAME.I am a huge street fighter fan and have several hundred hours on my PS4 as well.I tried my absolute best to give this game a shot and give capcom time to fix this game.Its only getting worse. Capcoms arrogance and greed continues to blow my mind.They care nothing for you, for me, or for the street fighter series.They care only for your money. Money, money, money.That is literally the only thing capcom gives a ♥♥♥♥ about.So I beg of you......DO NOT GIVE CAPCOM YOUR MONEY."
,Recommended,310950,23102368,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,malazan,0 regrets about buying this game. Definitely the best fighting game available at the moment.
,Not Recommended,310950,21308929,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,NΣRO | @N3RO_FGC,"A VERY bad launch.Throughout the betas, the game seemed very promising; with decent connection and online play, seemed as if the online would be good this time around!That wasnt the case.First of all, the netcode is HORRIBLE.We had a beta for a reason, and it was to test this netcode. And at the tiem during the beta, the online play wasnt terrible; sure it wasnt perfect but not THIS BAD.It takes me at the very LEAST 10 tries to get a SINGLE lobby game going.And even when I get a game going, its laggy as Hell, jumpy and just BAD.Second of all, the story was crap.They just got an artist to do some pictures and horribly crafted a story just to push out the game on their original release.Bad move.The story is so repetative, and just GARBAGE.Person 1: Hey you!Person 2: Hey YOU!~Person 1: Fight mePerson 2: Ok.It took me 30 mins to finish that ""Story""30 MINUTES.But I'll give Capcom the benefit of the doubt, we're getting an expansive story mode in the future, right?THEN WHY NOT WAIT TILL THEN TO RELEASE THE GAME????A game should be released when its PROPERLY finished. Not like this rubbish.Hopefully with future content this game will be better; WHICH BTW I DO NOT EXPECT TO PAY FOR, AND IF I AM TO SEE THESE STUPID MICRO-TRANSACTIONS THAT CAPCOM GURANTEED WE WOULDNT BE SEEING THIS TIME AROUND, IM DROPPING MY CONTROLLER ASKING FOR A REFUND.TL;DR:Crap launch. Terrible netcode. Terrible story. BARELY ANY SINGLE PLAYER CONTENT; WE DONT EVEN HAVE VERSUS AI.Just a terrible launch. The game mechanics themselves are great, dont get me wrong the actual game mechanics wise is fabulous; but when it comes to content outside of the actual combat, its EXTREMELY lacking.Hopefully with the addition of future content and patching it'll get better, but at the moment its seriously not worth it."
,Recommended,310950,26951904,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,' JegueBauer,Quebrado mas melhorando.Ano que vem estará melhor ;)
,Recommended,310950,28432938,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Hazama,a fun casual fighting game
76561198149945790,Not Recommended,310950,30066867,Posted: 20 February,all,dynamite-ready,"OMG Capcom. Just copy the Direct X gamepad code from SF4, and move on.I have know idea how, but it's completely screwed in this game.You've had like, what? 12 months!!?"
,Not Recommended,310950,21495877,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,butaned,"Came into this game expecting good things, this is literally the only game I have ever bought through steam and asked for a refund. To me Street Fighter has been about fast paced action. I found the game clunky, at first I assumed it was due to the graphics settings, which on reccomended were set at high, changed to lowest possible and the game looked like crap, without any increase in speed.The game could be awesome on every other front, but I personaly can't see how you would play a fighting game that seems as slow as this, so I did not bother to check it out past the time I spent trying to make it run at a decent pace.UTTER GARBAGE"
76561198040682442,Not Recommended,310950,34855050,Posted: 10 September,all,コイズミ,"Summary:Contains the fundamental goodness of the SF series. Ruined by careless optimization/porting, freemium content, and design direction.Not worth $60 CAD. Only worth if <$20 CAD.As a beginner who is entering into the fighting game genre, I would not recommend this particular version of Street Fighter. The delay from your attacks is only obvious after you have played a more responsive game like Skullgirls. IMO playing this version actually has a negative effect of making a noobie spam his attacks hoping the response will go through.Gameplay:[+]Combo SystemGreat if you can pull it off. I do enjoy the difficulty of having more strict inputs compared to skull girls and having to learn what moves can link together.[+]V-SkillsThe V-skill addition is enjoyable. It adds a uniqueness to each character. Particularly in my case I enjoyed Juri's dash and Ryu's counter.[-]Input DelayAs you have probably read from everywhere, the input lag is very noticable and really inhibits the joy of this game. Imagine playing a MOBA game of around 60ms, you click and theres clearly something wrong, but you can't put your finger on it until you realize the timing of the game is clearly mismatching from what you expected.[-]Story is subparFor those who enjoy the singleplayer part. The story is not very interesting. It is alot of build up that gets nowhere and alot of repeated character match ups. Furthermore, there are no cutscenes but there is voice acting, instead you are treated to a story-board style, barely colored, 'cutscene'. If this was the style Capcom was aiming for it heavily falls short compared to SFIV. Otherwise, I would write it off as Capcom cutting the funding/focus on this portion of the game and simply doing only a below-satisfactory job. (C- at best.)[-]FreemiumI am bias towards these type of marketing strategies. If the game is going to include DLC content that cost money, the base game better be cheap or full of content. SFV is neither.I find it rediculous that the base game, with so many bugs for PC, is priced at around $60 CAD ($40 USD) (at the time of my purchase). Additionally, the new characters all cost additional money and the 'ingame cash' you can accumulate is hard to come by. You have get a few 'dailies' that reward around 100, and you get some for winning ranked matches, You need a whopping 4000000 or some huge amount to actually buy a character. (It is possible to get around 2 characters for free if you finish all the story possible, repeating the story DOES NOT reward the ingame cash again). If Capcom really wanted to charge for characters, the base game should've at least been priced at around $30 USD.Technical:[+]NetcodeIn most games I've played, there is no noticable 'lag' if you wanna call it that. Of course, it is quite hard to tell anyways thanks to the input delay, but overall gameplay is consistent.[-]Terrible Optimization for PCThe game itself on steam is quite terrible IMO. I run a triple monitor setup and I CANNOT alt-tab. If I do the game will eat up all my memory (Win10, GTX980, i5-3570K, 8GB RAM for those who are spec-obsessed). I believe I am well within range of running this game and this issue occurs on low-spec mode. So I can only conclude it is a coding issue on the developer's part.[-]Fundamental BugsIf I do a combo challenge, then exit to training mode and put in some inputs, this results in the game crashing from a memory violation. I figure its a coding issue as well since I can't see why this would be due to specs (still occurs when ran as admininistrator)."
76561198049692343,Recommended,310950,28265124,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Begunister,"♥♥♥♥ me in the♥♥♥♥♥and call me chun li, ill kick you in the nuts so many times you will become anorexic because of the amount of times you are gonna throw up."
76561198197933526,Not Recommended,310950,32524061,Posted: 17 June,all,piel.,g a r b a g e .
,Recommended,310950,24006007,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Supreme Arch Priestess,"If you love fighting games this is one of the best gameplay-wise, if you don't it's a good start with a very active community. Gameplay is top notch, control methods can be fidgeted with to work properly. Story Mode is cool.This is a full product now, pretty much only lacking an arcade mode. Still way better than when it launched. Now with all the new story/characters/stages/costumes updates it turned out pretty hype!"
,Not Recommended,310950,30085230,Posted: 21 February,all,Junior Classic,Worst Street Fighter ever.....   I lost my money... I am going back to SF4....     Dont´buy this...
,Recommended,310950,29833629,Posted: 10 February,all,SwagMastah11,amazing. tho wayyyy too many serious players. thinkin of getting one of those arcade stick just for this game.i guess everything is a competition now so fair play.not sure why Sagat is not of SFV - he was on SF IV tho?
76561198100103287,Not Recommended,310950,34194201,Posted: 12 August,all,multidinero,"I dont exactly understand when my controllers stopped working for this game.... but, they have. Why does KoF, GG, and all my other fighting games recognize my controllers, but SF5 doesn't? I don't like headaches. I didn't like buying every bit of content, but I despise headaches.....In it's current state, I can't even play it, so how can I expect anyone else to..."
76561198095149411,Not Recommended,310950,34353719,Posted: 19 August,all,Adrian-the-Wallachian,"Well, this is not really my review, it was made by Jiji, but I agree entirely with what he said, so , if you wanna read it, here we go :worst street fighter game ever made , jumps are extremely effective , anti airing is unrewarding , rewarded for being an idiot and playing like one , punished for playing fundamentals . horrible netcode and barebones game that demands dlc , but cannot reinstate the horrific gameplay enough , characters are terribly designed , full screen + frame/unpunishable specials ,easy mode auto footsie/close range pressure buttons, a monkey will give you a hard time if they do enough random stuff because characters are so easy mode and braindead to use ,yet super effective.horrible input lag ( by design) makes the game feel sluggish and whiff punishing and footsies non existant , just jump or dash to get in and mix it up . overall i think this is the worst most unrewarding street fighter game ever made , the actual fighting design is simply horrible"
,Recommended,310950,24006284,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Linkus,"If you like in depth fighting games, this is the game for you. I'd recommend waiting for more content or a price drop."
76561198041933323,Not Recommended,310950,30170817,Posted: 25 February,all,twitch.tv/hatty051,Fans of the series and the FGC will like it. My opinion on it?-Slow and clunky-Claymation style graphics-A year on and online still runs like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥Wish I took the refund.
76561197996295173,Recommended,310950,26728912,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,hallvard,So simple it is a greate game to get into fighting games.
,Not Recommended,310950,30501978,Posted: 13 March,all,deuce #spicybois,"I want to love this game. I have been playing fighting games forever.But the netcode is so terrible that online play is basically pointless unless it is with a friend who lives nearby.I have a buddy who I run casual sets with who lives within 30 miles of me and the matches are perfect.Playing online with anyone outside your metroplex is a total joke. I could forgive the dlc, half baked single player experience because i love fighting games for the competitive nature. But the netcode is so bad that playing online is a waste of time."
76561197972276871,Not Recommended,310950,21483510,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,VieuxFumier,"A great game, but the worst netcode ever and a completely unbalanced online gaming, no penalty for ragequits, very little content. Don't hide it, this is a beta. I'm getting tired of buying these overpriced unfinished games.Un jeu excellent, mais un netcode ignoble, des combats en ligne mals équilibrés, pas de pénalités pour les rageux qui se déconnectent lorsqu'ils sont battus, très peu de contenu. Bref, c'est une beta. Je suis fatigué d'acheter des jeux mal finis au prix du lingot."
76561198095930267,Not Recommended,310950,32703056,Posted: 23 June,all,Rotzen,Suck my♥♥♥♥♥combofiend
,Not Recommended,310950,24681137,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MuffieSr,"Bought it, return it and refund...Until I can freely remap keys on my keyboard, is a NO GO!Unbelievable that something as simple as key bindings was not coded properly on a mainstream game like this. Shame on you capcom!"
76561198100749390,Not Recommended,310950,21248832,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,bentobenzene,"Well, after multiple hours of trying to get the game to connect, it's a fun game. The actual play is very good, with enough changes to make it feel considerably different from IV. I had long since before accepted that Capcom was mostly out of ideas, hence the art style looks like IV (but more polished), and much of the music is (again) remixes of SF2. That's fine. What I can't forgive is the terrible online play. IF you manage to connect, you'll be annoyed by the experience of trying to find a lobby or match. Which you have to do, because for some asinine reason they decided to omit an Arcade Mode for you to play in while leaving Fight Request On. Your only one-player options are Story and Survival Modes, both of which seemingly have no real difficulty settings for AI skill. Which means your one-player experience is beating up on a very, very weak and not-fun CPU. As a further insult, on the many cases where it fails to connect, the game reminds you that you can't get Experience or Fight Money in offline mode, and hence, nothing you do will mean anything. You would think that after the super-extensive Beta testing of this game, they might have all this figured out by launch, but you'd be wrong. Game developers making sure the game they've already been paid for is functional at launch is Old Economy thinking. That said, the game is pretty, and, when it works, is actually fun. The problem is this: do you want to spend 10 minutes screwing around and waiting for the server to connect every time you want 90 seconds of play? As of right now, this makes Mortal Kombat X look like a brilliant example of online play. At least MK X had a worthwhile one-player mode! Wait until it's on severe discount and they get the kinks worked out. All I got for pre-ordering was one whole costume for a character I never play."
76561198054580512,Not Recommended,310950,21422694,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,MadDogHoek,"I know I pre-purchased the game so I could play the beta, but I was unaware that it would be going on for this long.Wait... it's released? Oh. Well. Um....All joking aside, I'd have issues recommending this to someone like myself, the casual player. (read: scrub that needs to git gud lolz)The single player content is severly lacking at the moment, with a basic arcade mode completely missing. I do understand this is a console game, so an arcade mode shouldn't be expected. The AI is about as stable as Bobcat Goldthwait, often going from perfectly times pokes and counters to 7-10 seconds of standing there like a complete dolt doing literally nothing except waiting for you to hit them. Reminds me of MK2's AI, which is a 23 year old game that ran on a 6Mhz processor. Story mode is best described as cute; it feels like a tacked on afterthought. And survival mode relies on the current state of the AI, so it's really not difficult.The lack of controller support is extermely frustrating to me, as I have a controller I used in SF4 that is not recognized in SF5 at all. I'm pretty sure that Windows has API's that allow you to inerface with the rest of the universe. I mean, it's just a bunch of things that turn on and off. Like a keyboard, only with less letters. I'm forced to use a wired xbox 360 controller with the analog shoulder buttons, which makes it pretty annoying. This is basic stuff really, so I'm not sure why it didn't happen.Online play is a bit spotty right now, but mostly works. I still get occasional lag spikes, but that has been fairly consistant for me so it's likely my connection. The disappointing thing for me is the lobby games are 2 player only and about 1/2 the time I can't connect to other players' lobbys for some unknown reason. The same players continue to show up every time after a refresh of the avalable games, but it will tell me it's either not there anymore or it's full. Ranked games wait times didn't seem to bad to me. I would get into a match within a minute or so each time, so nothing too big to report there.It's unfortunate, but all of these problems seem to sit on top of what is actually a solid game. The actual gameplay is very   good. Characters feel balanced, but more important they all feel accessable. You loose a round to someone online and you don't get mad. Instead you want to fight them again so you can figure out how to counter their game plan.I would never have considered playing Dictator in SF4; I dislike charge characters. However, with links being a great deal more relaxed from SF4 and the inclusion of non-charge moves to the character I actually enjoy playing him. And I've been a R.Mika fanboi from beta, which is a drasticly different character. It's that accessability that appeals to me. I might even try Sim at some point.In conclusion, casual players will probably have a hard time getting into this game bacause of the slim offline play options. Which is sad, because the actual gameplay is rewading and engaging without being overwhelming. If online is your thing then this game is a treat. It's deep and rewarding. I'm going to have to go with a no on recommending it though; what you're spending your $60 on right now is an extended beta. I will change that when/if the actual full game is available."
76561198283741884,Not Recommended,310950,21255168,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,avemcree,"wow I feel very disrespected that a company that I've bought tons of titles over the years can't even get the first thing right with the game actually loading up so I can play the game. I literally can't get past the ""terms of service"" screen and I've pressed the ""enter"" button tons of times just to see if something happens but nope!!!! Nothing not at all!!! I was really excited to play this game despite the negative stuff people were saying about the BETA but at least the BETA worked. How just how does a company thats been around since I wasn't born slip into a spiral of amateur measures is beyond me. Heck, I turned around to see if others were having problems to find out that not only does this game not support PC based fight sticks (I'm fully aware that Capcom suppose to ""fix"" this issue in MARCH!!!!) its not even a fully complete game? So many different modes are missing including even the barbones online spectator and horrid disconnections when you get a match."
76561198045295329,Recommended,310950,24103381,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,The Who,"Now that all the crucial components promised are already out, this is the HONEST review.GRAPHICS+1 light rendering, as is expected from Unreal Engine 4, currently the best techniques in the industry+1 character models+1 high quality textures+1 interface is easy to use-1 hair and clothes meshes often clip-1 some stages have low texture quality-1  some background NPCs animate in lower FPS thanSOUND+1 less focus on electronic/synthesized music and more actual instruments used+1 more variety and uniqueness while still staying true to character(ie. Guile's prog-rock/jazz arrange)+1 music pumps people up, from intro, to menu, to character themes+1 Japanese dub has more hits than misses-1 certain stage-specific themes are trash tier-1 English dub has more misses than hits. Too much improv by VAs when compared to JapaneseBASE GAMEPLAY SYSTEM+1 quite balanced for a game that skipped arcade release+1 each character has more distinct playstyles to one another, compared to previous games(Ryu and Ken is now truly night and day)+1 more lenient execution frametime and focus on footsies allow for fights on a more fundamental level while reducing physical restraints, although mastering the system is still not easy.+1 FADC system has been replaced by V-trigger system, making excessive offense less safe.-1 game has seemingly dev-implemented minus-8 frames of lag, which makes certain characters frustrating to use(ie. Zangief)NETWORK PLAY*needs mentioning* game deals with lag not by increasing time between input and on-screen execution(SFIV), but by warping the situation back to when it was executed. Some prefer it, some are indifferent, others hated it. If your connection is good, chances are you won't see it. Too neutral to be given or deduced points for.+1 it works, to an extent+1 Ranking system starts easy, but requires more points to reach higher leagues, and losing as higher league against lower league makes you lose a lot of point. Keeping rankings legit with less frauds and one-trick ponies while giving less room for boosters to breeze their way up... if there isn't another way to cheat it.-1 overall server functions are still flawed as of this writing. Errors often occur after matches end; most of the time, your points will be correctly added or deducted later, but sometimes it doesn't register.even basic connectivity is still compromised during long survival modes, as many people still struggle to finish Survival mode without disconnecting and having to restart(this is important because Survival mode needs to be played while online to obtain in-game money for unlocks)lastly, the statistics only half works. You need to depend on external sites like vleague.pro for extra data crunching, which is a shame.-1 match filtering options are too small, and some of them do not even work. 5 bar connections may sometimes feel like 3, depending on your location and ISP.-1 Rage Quitting, or the act of quitting the game/disconnecting/unplugging the Ethernet cable shortly after 'KO' is announced to prevent the game from properly registering your loss and deducting your points, is still rampant. The current punishment system implemented failed to prevent this trend as it is still too lenient and certain regions are filled with people who do this on instinct.OTHERS+1 essential game components such as characters and stages are all unlockable by in-game money alone, which can be obtained by finishing the single-player contents or fulfilling certain requirements. The only content locked with real money so far are 'premium' costumes for each character. Just be careful not to spend your Fight Money too much on colors and titles+1 Training mode is the most in-depth it has ever been in a Street Fighter game. Plenty of options to customize your training setup needs and one-button position resets. You can tell that the professional players had a lot of input in this one.+2 arcade mode doesn't exist, but they are now streamlined into 'Survival mode', 'Character Story' and 'General Story'. You will fight a bunch of CPU characters in all of these modes, although Survival focuses solely on fighting, and the story modes only give 1-round matches while unveiling the drama. These in themselves are good things, however...-1 Survival mode is very grind heavy. While common CPU difficulty spikes are usual stuff for fighting games, they get ridiculously cheap in later stages on Normal and above. You will not learn anything useful for fighting human opponents as defeating them requires you to be cheap as well.And while completing Survival mode unlocks new alternate colors for free, you will have to do this for EVERY costume set(DEFAULT, STORY and PREMIUM), including the costumes you paid with real money.-1 character stories and general story are poorly written. The Shadow Falls story had its moments, but it clashed with too many plotlines established by previous games. Some things also do not make sense, even considering SF's comical nature. Expect upsets if you want to see longtime characters getting their shining moment here.-1 stage transitions; which shows your characters transitioning from one stage to another, or crushing into background objects after a round defeat, is still limited to the China stage. They promised us this, yet fail to deliver them all despite development screenshots and data minings showed they had all this set up for other stages too, yet still nothing after over 4 months.TECHNICALITIES+1 game is optimized well enough to be played either with a cheap laptop sporting modern integrated Intel GPU to the big boys using high end stuff-1 high amount of animation and richer movements demand more CPU power. You may need CPUs that are better than 2-core/4-thread low-end CPUs for Network play.-1 certain issues with resolution may cause minimal stutter and lag at resolutions lower than 1080p on certain systems.-1 after more than 4 months, still no Direct Input support, requiring you to use third party software to use anything other than the X Box controller-1 keyboard controls are still not fully customizableSCORE SUM = 18/34 (>50%, RECOMMENDED, with caution)Summary: The game has good stuff, and some of its bad stuff can be fixed using external means, but those coming from SFIV series and wanted more of THAT, those expecting deeper storylines, or people that have very low patience for online play issues may want to avoid this.Regardless, when the game drops below 30 US dollars, its unconditionally recommended for all of you."
76561198085412671,Not Recommended,310950,32152364,Posted: 3 June,all,Noobotica,Complete Garbage don't get this game and don't even support it. Hopefully it will die and a new better game will come out of Capcom!
,Recommended,310950,23943557,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,f1n1sh3r937,"Aside missing some content, it is still a fantastic game. true to the franchise in my opinion. Gameplay is simple and engaging, all the while difficult. Losing in matches doesn't make me feel that I suck, it just keeps me trying and getting better.Would recommend this for any gamer that is looking to get the feel of kicking someone's @#$ and not being let down too much when they lose.Awaiting further content, which from what I can tell, will make the game feel more like its predecessors.Thanks Capcom, keep it up."
76561198019404398,Recommended,310950,28576959,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ken-oh,"The launch was a diaster, but I'd say they have (mostly) gotten their♥♥♥♥♥♥together by now.Easier than ever for new players to play and git gud."
,Recommended,310950,30197193,Posted: 26 February,all,"Tyler ""Stud Money"" Bonafacelli","EDIT: I updated my review - it SHOULD be a thumbs down, but damn it, I love Street Fighter and I want it to do as well as possible, but Capcom is really grinding me. Each new update is worse. Every new DLC character annoys me. I'm not paying all that money just to select the DLC characters I'll never use as my opponents in training mode to learn against them.I haven't put a ton of hours into this one yet, but I've put enough in to have an opinion on the netcode; it sucks. So often I'll be romping on some chump all through round one, then round 2 starts and suddenly my opponent is teleporting all the screen and I'm left totally helpless. It's like the connection must be fine on their end - because they're jukin' and jivin' all over the screen and I'm just standing there getting railed.Most of the complaints in the reviews have to do with the DLC. Yeah, it's a bummer that you have to pay for characters - but what REALLY sucks is that I have to pay to even have the COMPUTER use those characters. I have zero interest in playing as Urien, for example, but I want to learn how to play AGAINST him - but because I don't want to pay for a character I'll never use, I cannot practice against a CPU controlled Urien.Capcom wants to charge me to use him, that's fine, I get it - I want capcom to make mad cash on street fighter so they don't abandon it again - but this is too far.I thought the fighting itself was decent, but as I get more of a handle on it I realize it's intensely shallow. Everything is so easy to do there's no 'wow' for execution. There's a flow-chart for every situation and the execution is so soft that the only reason to deviate is if your hand falls off the stick."
,Not Recommended,310950,31004765,Posted: 7 April,all,win,"this is by far the worst street fighter ever made, where people can literally do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they want and still win. i've played a lot of street fighter and i think i have at least a decent grasp on how the game is meant to be played, but after playing online on street fighter 5, watching tournaments and seeing what pro players say, it seems like the developers have absolutely no ♥♥♥♥ing idea what they're doing when it comes to making skill-oriented games. the fact that you can pause the screen with a single input proves that they don't understand what they're doing. think about this - you just threw a hadoken, and the second the opponent saw it happen, he pressed v-trigger and supered you to take the round, which takes nothing but an okay reaction time and no skill what-so-ever. this game is actually abysmal and i hope everyone boycotts capcom for this trash as ♥♥♥♥ game. seriously, i hope capcom never makes another street fighter game ever again. hopefully if they do, nobody buys that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,310950,31163629,Posted: 15 April,all,terrymcgrady,"I'm a casual player, but I've played every iteration of the series since street fighter 2 (yes, even street fighter EX series). It's still the street fighter we love, no doubt.Regarding to multiplayer, I don't suffer much from the connection problems. It might because I bought the game after the new cfn overhaul.BUT, I found costumes in the game are extremely expensive, and most of them can't be bought by fight money."
76561198073063827,Not Recommended,310950,21289919,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,TY992,</3
76561198011091769,Recommended,310950,24038481,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,fuzz1ness,"The update has made the game complete, it's pretty fun"
,Recommended,310950,24022077,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Orange Wookie,"TL;DR - core game is amazing. There's a reason it's on ESPN. Causals and completionists will feel shafted with non-competitive content.--Do you like competitive fighting games? If yes, stop reading and buy Street Fighter V.If you play fighting games sparringly (heh), consider waiting. This game is not worth it for anyone who isn't going to pour in a lot of hours of practice to play competitively. The single player content is boring and lacking. There's two story modes which are nothing more than lore with 1 round fights between two random characters you may or may not know how to use.The new story mode is a joke. It's essentially a short film made using the in-game engine which looks passable. What is not however is the completely nonsensical story with equally bad writing with some seriously cringeworthy moments.There's an awful survival mode which should be avoided.There's no single player way to unlock all the content. If you're a completionist, this game will require hours of winning in online play in order to aquire all the content.With all that being said, if you play a fighting game to battle against a human opponent, SFV is a masterpeice. The gameplay is tight and the characters are varied and balanced. Fights are filled with intense moments, layered between theories of combat from various mindsets of your opponent.Capcom is done with releasing new iterations now, no more Super, Turbo, Championship editions. All new content is delivered to the base game. Paying for new content is now optional, but requires enough online play to do so for free."
76561197964824589,Recommended,310950,23854987,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,guidcs,"-The game feels great-Capcom did a excellent job refreshing every character and , in my opinion, making their best iteration so far compared to the other street fighter games.-Very well balanced game, the most balanced fighting game i ever played.-Trainning mode with many tools to simulate player behaviorI recomend to every fighting game player who enjoy 2d fighting games"
76561198084425312,Recommended,310950,24026170,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,HyphyHype,"When SFV came out it wasn't worth the money for most people. Even if, like me, you mostly only cared about online gameplay, the poor netcode/netplay still made the game not fun a lot of the time. Fast forward to now and the game has been vastly improved and is definitely worth getting. Put together the fact that they've added a cinematic story mode as free dlc, made improvments to netcode netplay and lobbies, as well as added 4 dlc characters which can be obtained relatively easily for free, and you've got a damn good game. Not to mention they've added lots of cosmetics, which, if you're anything like me, you'll appreciate.Does this mean the game is perfect? No. The game still lacks directinput support and grinding through survival mode to get colors is a pain. However, given how easy it is to fix these two problems I find it difficult to take people's complaints about these things seriously. I use joy2key, which to my knowledge does not add latency, to circumvent the directinput issue and let's just say there are ways to get around grinding through survival. I'm sure a little digging on google/reddit could help you there.SFV at it's core has always had great gameplay. The figthing itself is balanced, fun, and very solid all around. However, on release it was held back from it's full potential by a myriad of problems, but I'm happy to say that most of these have been fixed. With the large amounts of improvements and additions they've made to the game, and with more on the way, SFV is definitely worth buying and playing."
76561198031581832,Recommended,310950,25084590,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,James666,There are so many possibilities and ways to approach the game I cannot get enough of it.
76561198046305932,Not Recommended,310950,25271560,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ShurikenSalvo,"Just give me an ""ARCADE MODE""!!!!!"
76561198011100068,Recommended,310950,25003953,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,SHORYUKEN BRUH,"Bottom line: If you are thinking about starting fighting games, SFV is the best place to start right now.With that say, the core gameplay is amazing.- Easiest to learn, out all the iterations of SF.- Beautiful animations.- Lenient inputs.- Super fun quick matches.- No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, honest gameplay (except R. Mika)- Cool and very unqiue characters due to the V-trigger system.The bad. OVERGLARING lack of content and technical issues.- This game is pretty much a beta being sold at $60- wishy-washy developer support.- no daily interactions with player base. (look how blizzard interactions with its playerbase, capcom)- Online is either very good or very bad.- lacks basic content that other fighting games have on Day 1 launch.If you are a fan and follow the scene: get the game no question. I think that this game has ALOT of potential to be the next big esport (kinda already is. SFV tournament  was on EPSN)With the proper support and updates, by the end of this year or start of the next, Street Fighter 5 will be the fighting game that you will play everyday."
,Recommended,310950,25821908,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Helix,"As far as gameplay is concerned, its super fun and exetrememly satisfying. Highly recommend if you are looking for a good fighting game, especially if you are new to the FGC like me."
76561198076633438,Not Recommended,310950,33897321,Posted: 29 July,all,DeerInHeadlights,"The game mechanics are probably the best in any fighting game today. But...- story mode is a complete joke - just 2-3 random fights with each character- PC version has been given no attention at all (e.g. can't even costumize keyboard setup)- interface for browsing/buying new costumes/colours is from 1996If you only care about game mechanics, this game is good. If you care about anything else at all its a disaster."
76561198135777100,Recommended,310950,23737152,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Obabo,I like this game Capcom has done a pretty good job at polishing up the game. Netcode is a lot better than it used to be. But i'm also gay so what do i know
76561198001515120,Recommended,310950,24746596,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Killswitch,"If you are a die hard fan of Street Fighter, you will enjoy this game.  The new mechanics really diversify the characters, making even old stand by characters like Zangief feel fresh again with new tactics.  Each character feels like they have the set of tools they need to achieve victory, and I find the characters are very well balanced.That is the biggest positive this game has, however, you only can really appreciate the fighting mechanics by doing vs human multiplayer.  If you just arn't that interested in playing human opponents, then you won't really notice it.  Single player speaking, as of this review, you only have a few options to play:  Character story mode, which gives you a little comic story around literally 2 or 3 ROUNDS of gameplay vs very simple AI.  Survival Mode, which you have to face multiple AI opponents in sequence that get progressively more challenging until you complete the 'set.'  The sets of opponents are always the same, and the in-between round bonus you get (Defense increases, Health restoration) are random, which only preserves the frustration of randomness, yet keeps the experience predictable.   Have to beat 50 people in a row?  Well, when you fail the first time on opponent 35, you have to go back and fight the SAME people in the SAME order and they'll turn the AI back down to lull you back into complacency.The third single player option is the General Story mode, which is a series of cut scenes using the game engine with you taking control of certain characters at certain points and playing a round of combat.  This is very fun the first time through because, for the first time, a Street Fighter game has an actual cannon story with it, and it is filled with things referencing games of the past and future.  If you arn't a long time fan of the series, certain plot points will be lost on you, but overall it was fun.  Watching the cut-scenes I played through in a couple hours, and you end up playing against some interesting unplayable characters.  After you complete it, you can go through it again with advanced AI difficulty.  It was fun, BUT at the end of it all it just wasn't enough gameplay.  The combat is still single rounds, so even if you face an opponent that beats you, you only need to beat them that one round to progress, so while it is a great addition to the game, it doesn't really showcase the game itself.It is missing a simple Aracade Mode.  The traditional ""play a series of opponents in 2 out of 3 rounds, then beat a boss, watch the credits"" mode.  A mode where you can adjust the difficulty of your opponent, and then face random ones.  Perhaps this was intentional, because right now your only option for casual play is vs humans, which perhaps will get more people playing online.Again, the game mechanics itself, I think are the best yet.  Right now, the characters seem very balanced, and it is fun to play people online.  If you want to dive in the online multiplayer, or don't mind it, you'll like the game.  It's excellent, and I recommend it for fighting game fans.  But it does lack many single player features, which they may add on later or may not.  So this game, while fun, certainly isn't what I would call a casual experience."
76561198060113355,Recommended,310950,24328870,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Zo!!o,"A satisfying sequel to four. As a long time Street Fighter fan, as well as player (since the days of ST) I can say without a doubt that this is a welcome addition to the series. In it's current state I believe that Capcom has more then madeup for the awful launch of the game. Also this game really welcomes new players to the series by making the learning curve not as steep, while still having enough depth and complexity to it that veterans can still feel fufillment in playing and discovering as well as performing with their sick tech. The removal of one frame links, and the implication of simpler anti-airs really help new players grasp the neutral game better, while also solidifying their playstyle as a whole. I also believe the roster has a character for just about any kind of player. If you like rushdown try Rashid, Necalli, or Ken. If you like to turtle try out Ryu, Guile, or Dhalsim. I can say there are many steps forward from four. Removal of Red Focus and FADC, Not as many annoying characters: Rolento, Hakan, etc. While the netcode is still a tiny bit shaky (pairing you up with bad connections regardless of the connectivity limits you put on matchmaking) I believe that the online is not nearly as bad as some make it out to be. The pros definitely outweigh the cons when it comes to this game. I also can say I have legitimate grounds to make this review as I have 200+ hours on pc as well as around 100+ hours on consoles I have used for offline as well as local tournaments. I cannot state enough that you should try out this game if you are interested in becoming part of the FGC or are still contemplating the purchase as a fan."
,Recommended,310950,30373210,Posted: 7 March,all,dogtag,"Waaay more beginner/casual friendly than every other SF, for better or for worse. Still fun tho."
76561198070662768,Not Recommended,310950,28966816,Posted: 2 January,all,Tatsu,capcom why
76561197970273123,Not Recommended,310950,21489395,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Beef Supreme,"This game should have been released as an Early Access Game. Then I would be more understanding about the lack of features available on release day.On the plus side, what is avilable looks great."
76561198147628467,Not Recommended,310950,34463837,Posted: 24 August,all,YouGotLemz [愛],"Game sucks so much, a pathertic attemp for a new fighter from capcom, dont waste youre money."
,Recommended,310950,22578069,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,vegecloud,nice
,Recommended,310950,26509798,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,StarLord*,real mans (or womans) fighting game
76561197968916515,Recommended,310950,29497054,Posted: 25 January,all,swillen,"It's improved alot since launch but it lacks functionality of solo progression and does not facilitate playing with friends online.  Solid fighter overall, but missing some key features."
,Not Recommended,310950,34347276,Posted: 19 August,all,Spicy,"EDIT: Total costs of unlockables (both cash & points) -https://www.reddit.com/r/StreetFighter/comments/6f9s3y/the_current_cost_of_street_fighter_vs_shop_items/?st=j890as71&sh=8558764fMy biggest beef is regarding the two choices for DLC characters:Spend $50 more to unlock 12 out of the 28 total playable characters (ALMOST A HALF OF THE ROSTER): $20 and $30 for 6 characters each. It's a cashgrab, nothing too new in the business.ORSpend days grinding enough FM (SFV currency) to buy one. If you're planning to spend FM on characters you can forget about buying other stages or costumes unless you still have the tenacity to grind FM for those as well. Honestly it feels more like a grindy MMORPG than a 2D fighter.Other Notes:-I will say graphics aren't terrible if your setup can handle it.-There's voice acting in multiple languages including ENG and JAP.-Gameplay mechanics get quite advanced: cancels, links, reversals, true combos, etc. all differ with each character (although many share simularities)-The characters are stereotyped to the core. Good or bad? I can't decide.-The Street Fighter story is a fustercluck, even the devs know it. Therefore we can only get fragments of lore, never a linear backstory. Most of the fragmented bits bring more questions than answers.-Doesn't really encourage replayability except online.In conclusion:At this moment I only see this game worth getting if its on sale or you want to get into the competitive scene.PS: Capcom is still adding characters, no doubt they're gonna milk them at launch season. When the season ends they'll probably do some 'bundle pack' with all DLC characters. If you'd want everything together but not in a rush I'd suggest to wait until that happens."
76561198075049401,Recommended,310950,30327604,Posted: 4 March,all,Hunter X hunter,VERY NICE GAME BUT HARD
76561198052742064,Recommended,310950,23430241,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,JOOOOOOOOOOOOOJOOOoO,"Best gaem, i can hadoken to my souls content"
,Recommended,310950,25776133,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,jotarock,Awesome game and cross platform support.
,Recommended,310950,26616681,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,IVSTINVS,"If I had written this review a while ago, I would say to wait to purchase SFV, but now the game is genuinely solid. It still needs some love in one area, which is connectivity, but i think it might be my net. Ive got good ping in most games but i think this game just requires minimal packet loss and good bitrate to function right online.Overall, the gameplay itself is great. The game focuses heavily on mind games, player focus, frame traps, footsies (sometimes) and anti airs, and execution has been reduced from SF4. I can play the entire cast, and probably a fifth of them reliably, which is much better than what i could say about SF4, although some argue the easier execution makes the game worse, i disagree. there is still enough complication and complexity to make it fun and engaging. Character cast is good and plays diversely different, stages look nice, and the game has a lot of ""momentum"" to its play. Great new stuff is also featured, such as vskills, vtriggers, crush counters and the rest. This is all terminology, and I suggest reading up on what these are on a wiki or a guide or something going in. Youll want to know things like that and others, such as ""frame advantage.""Other than the previously mentioned connection problems I face, some people think the DLC policy is pretty bad, and it is, but it is possible to unlock the important things fairly easily just by playing, every matchmaking game you win you get 50 ""fight money,"" every time you level up a character you get 1000 FM, you can get 6000-10,000 FM weekly doing challenges, winning survival on each difficulty for the first time on each character also grants you fairly large chunks of FM. Basically, play everything the game has to offer and characters suddenly seem easy enough to just unlock, with some patience.I reccomend if you want a good fighting game to play against others with."
,Not Recommended,310950,33784428,Posted: 25 July,all,Tako,"charges barebone game for full price then they charge separately for characters and stages. Not only that, netcode is bad and game is buggy. Get tekken7 instead. More characters, and you get access to every cast and stage when you buy it."
,Not Recommended,310950,33661473,Posted: 19 July,all,Gamnic,Still unbalanced yes but at least I can beat platinums with Abigail.
,Not Recommended,310950,30255536,Posted: 28 February,all,...,Its Ok.
,Recommended,310950,28483480,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Vengentz,"December 20th Update.Matchmaking Update - Players who frequently disconnect during matches will now be more likely to be matched up with other players who exhibit similar behavior. The same applies for honorable players who rarely, if ever disconnect; they will be matched up with similar players.Really all I need to know when I play online !!"
76561197995249128,Not Recommended,310950,21250488,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Coaltar,"Easier combos will make it easier for players new to fighting enter the competitive scene, but with a horde of dedicated players ready to body anyone that comes their way, there's still quite a barrier to entry. A pathetically short story mode and lack of arcade mode on release makes the single-player experience essentially worthless however. I'll be playing this nonstop because I enjoy the competitive multiplayer, however anyone who isn't a regular fighting game fan should look elsewhere to satisfy their desire for side by side action - at least until the single player menu has more items to whet appetite."
,Recommended,310950,21308790,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,たーみー,Razer Atrox arcade stick for the Xbox 360 works.
76561198198577269,Recommended,310950,24076232,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SuperPael,"Got sooo much better with new Story Mode ""A Shadow Falls"". Never seen StreetFighter like this.. very cinematic. THanks Capcom for making it up to us with the new content :)"
76561198052976441,Not Recommended,310950,21255112,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Kire,"In terms of gameplay it's great, but there's just too much missing right now.Keyboard and Xbox controller both count as P1, plus you can't rebind keys.Online is a mess, it take 20 minutes to find a match and even than it's laggy.No arcade mode in a street fighter game ? Seriously ?This is just another example why we should stop pre-ordering games."
,Not Recommended,310950,21256707,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,KingBroly,"A rushed, buggy game that is lacking content, and will continue to do so.  The game is basically Online Only if you want Fight Money, which by the way, doesn't have any kind of Registration System for it, meaning your hard work is going to be lost at some point given their current incompetency in regards to functionality.Framerate Drops, Battle Lounge doesn't work (and it's not even 8 players yet), the Story Prologue stuff for each character is A JOKE, lasting 4-6 minutes per character.  On top of that, the promised Cinematic Story Mode will have over 1 hour of cutscenes in a mode that Capcom has now promised to last no more than 2.Save your money now.  Save your money in the future.  This is not getting better anytime soon."
,Not Recommended,310950,21256699,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Cypherin,"Most of the 3.4 hrs I have on record is pretty much me staring at the menu screen and trying to telepathically will my way into the game.Streaming for a friend of mine, I think his Street Fighter-derived and miscellaneous quotes best sum up the experience:Connect to me if you dare, I will disconnect you.Handsome fighters never lose connection.I'm the weakest release in the world.I will meditate then refund this incomplete game.Next time we meet, I'm going to break your 3-way handshake.Go home and be a family LAN.Well this is quite the amazing...menu.When does the game get released?#Riseup? More like #SteadyDecline.#GIMMEJUSTONEMATCHExcuse me...I'm...going to...look at some spreadsheets.I want to love this game, even bought the more expensive package...but sadly, I have to give this a negative right now due to the constant disconnects, lack of connections, and other issues reviewers are giving this game.  The one time I got in a battle, my opponent and I was about to have one of those epic jump kick clashes when the game just disconnected.  Might as well just flashed ""To Be Continued!!"" on the screen...sigh."
,Recommended,310950,21490165,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Cookie Bouquets,"I have 46 hours and bought the game on release day, so I think that it's time for a review.Before we begin, my review makes it seem like the recommendation doesn't match up, but it should be explained near the end.To start things, off:The rollback is AWFUL. I can't stand losing because i land a hit confirm on my side, but get hit by a CA on my opponents side and lose the match. Straight crap.Also, no reprecussions for rage quits. I've lost out on a lot of points from people with 3.8k points because they rage quit so they get to keep their fake online e-peen. No one respects players with bad skills and a high rank.That said though, it's kind of hard to punish rage quitters when the netcode for this game can be so awful at times, that it isn't even playable.For the competitive local players however,This game has very strong mechanics and has excellent gameplay. The only real problem i've had is it is the stubby normals that all of the characters have, but that's not even really a gameplay issue. If you're looking to play this game locally with the versus mode, or if you're a competitive player, then sure, this game is downright amazing.However, for the Casual market:Before I go too far into this, I know that capcom has been telling us that this game will have featues accessible down the line, and that the release copy will most definitely feel incomplete. However, with poor marketing decisions, I'm afraid for this game's PC support, as fighting games rarely get revisited for reviews, so a lot of major gaming news outlets already have mixed reviews for this game, which is very scary. Now, sorry for going off topic for a second there, but for the casual market - as it sands February 2016 - the game is very, very lacking. You get what's essentially a neutered story mode, and a survival mode that has some of the worst difficulty spikes of all time. Not very healthy, but that being said, Capcom did release this game early for the competitve market, and Capcom Pro League.Overall, it's not a bad game. The mechanics are strong, The fighting is crisp; but it feels like what we got is a neutered version of the game, that's basically almost a beta at this point. As mentioned, I feel really scared for the PC support when the updates roll out, as I feel like we'll get another Diablo 3 situation, or another MKX. It's genuinely a good game, I really like it, but there are a lot of issues with this that make it really frustrating to play. Luckily, we're past the first three days of the game, as the game not only needed a day 1 patch, not only a day 2 patch, but a day 3 patch."
,Recommended,310950,26594912,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,soulsynapse (socal),Excellent game!
,Recommended,310950,24017111,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,raZe,"“Hello,” the old lady says as she spots me in the hallway, barely able to make eye contact. She forces a smile like someone put an invisible gun to her head, but she isn’t fooling anyone. Of course she heard it. Hell, the whole street must have heard it. Like all the other neighbours, she lives in mortal fear. Sometimes in the middle of the night, terrifying screams pierce the silence. Late at night, someone can be heard yelling profanity at the top of his lungs. Beastlike roars shake even the most confident residents, not sure whether they should call the police or an exorcist. Actually, do you want to approach someone like that? No, just smile and move along.Surprisingly, the person in question is not a maniac requiring psychiatric attention, but an ordinary man. That screaming nutcase, that howling madman - well, that’s me. And the reason for the outbursts? You’re looking at it. The game’s motto is “Rise up”. It’s referring to your blood pressure.Forget about salty - Street Fighter V will make you MAD. And there’s plenty to get mad about. But first things first.Fighting games have always been rather niche. Sure, there have been a few smash hits over the years, but the reality of fighting games is that the genre is not very popular, neither in terms of sales nor players. The basic outlook of a martial arts video game in which two guys (or gals) beat the crap out of each other until one life bars depletes may not seem enough for the average “gamer” to shell out a fiddy on release and play for months. The usual modus operandi includes buying a fighting game, dabbling in arcade mode for a bit, mashing buttons with a friend, maybe even going online a few times before shelving the game indefinitely. Part of the reason for this is that fighting games are scary. As simple as the prospect of a one on one fist fight seems, the nuances to each new fighting game are overwhelming. For every character you can choose from, there are dozens of moves with different properties and applications. Depending on which character you are facing, the ways in which to counter them are just as numerous. Then you have the damaging combos requiring exact timing and precision. Of course, there’s also your opponent who is constantly trying to predict your next move while you are trying to do the same. Street Fighter is the series that embodies all of those principles as it pretty much put fighting games on the map. There were others before it, but ever since Street Fighter II, it has become the posterboy for the genre. Players who possess the drive to master a fighting game with all of its subtleties and keep competing are the exception, not the rule. Which is where Street Fighter V comes in.Street Fighter V promised to be easier on beginners. In a way, it succeeded, but at the same time it did not. With the lowered execution barrier, SFV eliminated one of the most intimidating aspects of fighting games - hard-hitting combos are now significantly easier to perform. That doesn't mean they don't require any skill at all (Karin's Trial #6 says hi), but newbies will see results much quicker and drop combos less frequently. However, other factors have gained importance, such as spacing and mindgames. The outcome remains largely the same: A fighting game veteran will make quick work of a newbie - as it should be. Accessibility doesn't mean you have the chops to win tournaments after a couple of hours. A victory is largely the result of one player putting in more work than the other. No amount of tutorials will do that for you. Still, it feels like SFV didn't go the extra mile to ease beginners into the game, although the effort that was made is certainly appreciated. Some of the game's mechanics aren't that well-explained and new players will have to dig through resources online to find answers, experiment in training mode or learn things the hard way through lots of aggrevating defeats.The matches themselves are an absolute delight to play: Hits feel meaty and satisfying and the match progression is very transparent, meaning you can always pinpoint the reasons why you lost. Unlike its predecessor, there’s not much weird tech you can master to play the game on autopilot - every move requires for the player to think beforehand and commit to it. After years of dealing with SFIV’s option selects, the honesty feels like a fresh breeze. Also gone are the damaging comeback moves with lots of invincibility. SFV does have comeback mechanics, but they require you to do the work yourself. If you land a comeback, you really earned it by outplaying your opponent and not because a mashed out Ultra took half of his health.Exchanging blows with your opponent is a blast, but the same can’t be said of most things surrounding it. Especially not the online multiplayer. When it works, it’s great and barely differentiates from offline. When it doesn’t work, it’s a full on catastrophe. Due to the nature of the rollback netcode, whenever a faulty data package is being sent to the server it will appear as if your opponent is teleporting all over the stage, essentially rendering the match unplayable since you can’t reliably react to anything. Then you have random disconnects from the game server, sometimes even during the match. It’s the kind of stuff that makes you yell at your furniture. To be fair, those issues used to occur much more frequently and it’s great to see the game improving, but it’s still far from optimal. From personal experience, maybe every 10th player is a warping demigod.Smaller complaints include the Capcom Fighters Network being unintuitive to use. To give you a taste: In order to watch a replay, you need to browse through your list of previous matches, select a match and add it to your replay queue; then you need to go back to the main menu and open your CFN profile from which you can actually watch the replay. It’s just needlessly convoluted. Plus, stat tracking still broken four months after release. At the time of writing, I use a third-party site to keep track of my matches.A neverending source of frustration are the players themselves: You outplayed your opponent and as you are about to deliver the final blow, the screen goes black - because the scoundrel closed the program. Some are just mad they lost for whatever reason and this is their attempt at getting some kind of fleeting sense of superiority, some are legitimate cheaters boosting their ranks. Right now, a premature disconnect is not counted as a defeat - no points are lost and players even retain their win streaks. The game will temporarily lock you out of multiplayer if you exceed a certain disconnect ratio, but so far it has done nothing to discourage that kind of behavior.Singleplayer warriors will have a hard time finding value in their purchase. There’s a story mode now, but like all the other attempts at telling a story with Street Fighter as a vehicle, it’s cringe-inducing for the most part. Fans will probably enjoy the occasional reference or an unlikely cameo here and there. Apart from that, it’s a waste of time.At the end of the day, SFV expects you to play online - whether you’re simply mashing it out in Bronze League or go against the tougher players in Gold League and beyond. Additional characters, stages and other goodies can (in theory) be unlocked simply by playing the game and serve only as an incentive to keep you going. It all plays into building a community that is interested in the game on a competitive level. Unfortunately, some aspects of online multiplayer aren’t as fleshed out as they should be for an online-centered game, which sometimes detracts from the experience. Whether you want to put up with it is ultimately decided by how much you enjoy the core of SFV - the back and forth between you and your opponent. I for one highly enjoy it. Otherwise I wouldn’t get as hotheaded about it as I do."
76561197993944614,Not Recommended,310950,23078118,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Masterstabbity,"This game has absolutely nothing to appeal to general audiences and in a lot of ways is a ripoff.While it may be fun for some people who like street fighter, honestly I hope general audiences don't buy this so Capcom learns that they can't just release an unfinished game at full price and concentrate on pumping out DLC that they plan to charge real money for instead of finishing the game that they released.Its been 4 months since release and so far:-Character models still clip with themselves-Still no arcade mode-Real story mode (not a crappy random 5 minutes of bad art and BO1s) still a far ways off. Supposedly one or two months if it isn't delayed.-No stage transitions except the one they paraded around before release-Alex's legs are on backwards half the time?-What's with this 8f of input lag anyways?Basically anyone who isn't wholly devoted to the multiplayer experience will be disappointed as all they have to play would be a boring short storymode, a horribly stupid survival mode, and training mode. Even if you like the multiplayer you're probably going to be disappointed.Personally I have issues with lag online in quite a few matches and even offline oddly enough.Besides these issues we also have a variety of annoyances.Ken still looks pretty terrible.Fight money accumulates extremely slowly past the first chunk so if this game lasts a while it's going to be a pain buying characters.Controller support is not anywhere near as good as USF4 was.2P has to politely ask 1P to go back to character select.10 trials per character ain't much compared to SF4 again.Game does a poor job of explaining itself to new players.Frame data not readily available in game, probably due to the $$ you can get by selling a guide book with that.Release schedule for DLC characters seems to be ""Oh god it's almost the end of the month just release whatever we have""Guile looks like a mall cop.It's seriously a full price game? I have played flash games with more content than this.Not very graphically impressive despite how poorly it runs.Feet are huge.Guile can't put on and take off his sunglasses.If you are all about watching the tournaments and mostly just care about the multiplayer and such sure maybe it's cool for you. But for everyone else, remember that you can refund stuff on steam. Like seriously. Refund it."
76561198254723401,Recommended,310950,30889299,Posted: 1 April,all,Touma,"I have played every variation of sf so far, to the extent of including the EX series. Ive noticed along with a majority of people that take an open view of the franchise is that the game is simply repeating the process like 4 and even to the extent of 2 or 3, the game is originally frowned upon, people complaining about lack of characters, the lack of depth, well people dont realize is that 4 started with less depth, people should look at how balance was back when 4 started before complaining, second off the game was remade over with a different engine( the original and the second trailers show how much changed) but capcom had to rush it out since people were starting to get edgy and began complaining( what a surprise). So far, sf5 in my eyes is a great game, its focused more on having a well rounded footsies to not throwing out moves like how casuals in 4 used to use sweep when it was practically safe on block back then. We were told we would end up in more characters than ultra, and look at how many characters capcom starts with at every game, seems fair. The only reason is to hate on it now is because of the imbalance and overuse of top characters like laura and balrog( the most prime example because lets face it, theyre alot more easy to use than urien or guile since s2 came about, not stopping because of them but we should be bringing positive advice for them to change it). So far the CFN is being reworked, theres a limit of people you meet since ps4, besides the point, i love the game for the mechanics since it basically rewards you for baiting out people's ""scrub options"" like wake up dp/ a staple in the game but people would extort it since it was safe( ps. guile was always like that, they gave u the guile treatment so get used to it, but yeah i recommend it since its starting to improve and will only continue to if people actually gave reasons for hating it instead of always saying arcade mode( u have multiple survival/story mode/general mode/casual matchs/ what more do you need?) anyway i love the game for what it is and people who love sf as a whole should as well."
,Recommended,310950,30899806,Posted: 2 April,all,Demonfate,"Please note: This review is based on my experience and is entirely my opinion slightly under the infulence of alcohol.After a couple of years being a Steam user, I have decided to write my first review as I have noticed this game is highly misunderstood. I have been playing the Street Fighter series since Street Figher II first came out and I remember collecting trollies to get a dollar in return so I could go to the local arcade to play. Living in a very small town, there wasn't many players and I would usually end up playing against the AI through the story mode. I must admit, I wasn't all that good.Capcom have a noticable pattern with the series bringing out countless iterations of the franchise in what appears to be an attempt to perfect their baby. From amping up the speed, introducing new characters and bringing back some old favourites to adding new super moves or nerfing existing moves, fans of the series should be used to this .When SFV was announced, I pre-ordered a CE on the PS4 and had high hopes for the game. Like many, I was dissappointed with how Capcom tackled solo play on the game because the only internet connection i had available to me at the time was via a telstra wifi hub which cost about $50 for 3gb of data that would not last long. This was all due to rennovating my home which is now complete and I have since upgraded to an affordable NBN plan. However; I quit SFV because of all the negative reviews it had recieved.I have been eyeing SFV since and decided to give it another go (a couple of cans of Jack Daniels was also partially responsible). I got the base game on sale from steam and was anxious as I was not looking forward to being disappointed yet again. At first glance, nothing had changed from when i first purchased the game just over a year ago. Being a little under the influence opened my mind a little and i thought to myself, there is no real ""Arcade"" mode in this game but what does that really mean? What was Capcom thinking? It dawned on me that Capcom have stayed true to the series and are doing what they have been doing in the past with the series and what current are doing today also.The Street Fighter series has always been known to be a highly competitive game so why would Capcom focus primarily on a so called ""arcade"" story mode? Well they did in a way because most people don't go to an arcade and play any Street Fighter just to play against an AI. They made it so that the consumer can play in the comfort of their own home against the best rival there can be and that is a human controlled opponent with the story mode taking a back seat. Alot of users are complaining about the price of the DLC content. Well a majority of that content can be unlocked without using your real hard earned $$$. Admittedly I did purchase a couple of alternate costumes as i didn't like the default ones like Ken, Guile and Nashes but they were reasonably priced IMO. People are saying that the game is incomplete because of the Capcom are doing a money grab releasing characters via purchasable DLC. Once again, they can all be unlocked via in-game currency which is not a new concept as many fighting games in the past and present use this method. If you are too lazy to grind and/or get good to be able to unlock what you want, then spend your money but dont be hating on the Developers as without money, they wouldn't be able to bring you these games.Like it hate it, buy it or not. At the end of the day, what you do with your money is up to you. The devs have produced a game for the fans and Street Fighter is all about Challenging other fighters out there and there's nothing sweeter or more satisfying then beating someone who is higher ranking then you in a nail biting battle. I mean they hold massive Street Fighter competitions for crying out loud. Any way, I think I've babbled on for far too long so here are my pro's and cons:+Great graphics+Highly Optimised+Satisfying competition+Rewarding-Price on DLC-Playing with PS4 opponents (seems to always be laggy)+/-Learning curve"
,Recommended,310950,24023170,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MrWhiskers,"At the end of the day, a lot of millenials and trolls will complain about the game about one reason or the other. They never played SF2ST SF3 or anything in between. When it comes down to it, its SFV and its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Connection issues / Network issues? Yeah that's going to be a problem when a game hasn't even been out for more then half a year and frankly I would rather have a shiny new game that needs a little tweaking then watch/play USF4 for another year. ( Not saying that♥♥♥♥♥♥wasn't hype, but cmon)My only caveat to the review is that I think I got jipped out of my season pass. So minus a star.Meow~"
,Recommended,310950,24193832,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tippy,"General OverviewAfter over 100 hours put into the game, I think I'm ready to review Street Fighter V. To preface this, I am a Street Fighter fan, and after the relative success they enjoyed from past iterations, I was ready and willing to spring for both the base game and the season pass at launch. During the game's initial forays, I found I was disappointed. The character story was lacking, battle lounges had no capacity for more than 2 players, as well as the lack of communication between players (you can only rely on pre-determined phrases you select from a menu). On top of this, there are issues with 8 frames of input lag, as well as the fact that you have to unlock colors via Survival Mode, which sounds simple on the surface, but it entails grinding through all difficulty levels (10 on easy, 30 on normal, and 50 on hard). If you lose, you have to start completely over. To further add to the grind, you have to do this for each costume you wish to unlock colors for. Fortunately, there have been some kind souls that have alleviated the process substantially.As it stands now, more characters have been released (bringing the roster from the original 16 to 20), with two more on the way hopefully next month as of this writing. They have also released a statement saying they are considering other avenues for unlocking colors, and they've at least showed they've started listening. As for the gameplay itself, as I've stated before, it is well known that there are 8 frames of input lag, but the combat and controls are all comfortable and easier to learn. The training mode is adequate and the trials provide a decent jumping point for learning about a character. Of course, to get in-depth about a character, their frame data, and specific match-up knowledge, it's best to turn toshoryuken.comor other resources.The addition of a fully fleshed-out story mode, titled ""A Shadow Falls"", is a entertaining 3-hour foray into the Street Fighter universe, even if it's a little canned and full of anime tropes. If nothing else, it's a good source of Fight Money. Unfortunately, in terms of garnering a new audience, I feel that was too little, too late. Had Capcom had released the story DLC on day one, they would've captured a new generation of Street Fighter enthusiasts.Pros:All the Street Fighter combat you love and remember.Easy to learn mechanics, combos and depth.Good soundtrack, decent graphics.Local play is solid.Mods are supported. Unique and creative costumes are released by the community regularly!Cons:Unlocking colors the honest way takes way too long, and is arduous at the higher difficulties.Rage-quitting is a prevalent issue. A player that reached number one on the online rankings through tool-assisted means only took 5 months to get punished.Rollback is a prevalent issue.No voice chat or true text chat.8 frame input lag.No D-input support.All in all, I recommend the game. Despite several issues, Capcom has gotten around to addressing some of the major issues the community has expressed, and things have started looking up. At it's core, Street Fighter V is a solid game that continues to retain the mechanics that swept the gaming world so many years ago. With its excellent soundtrack, solid mechanics, and easy to pick up gameplay (that is hard to master), it is sure to not disappoint.Given its issues, however, I would recommend you not pick this up full price, and instead wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,310950,25335561,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ethird,"I have always liked Street Fighter, but that doesn't mean I'll accept anything with it's title thrown at me. First off, this is a solid 'good' fighting game, characters rather well balanced to a degree, with combat mechanics that are fun and well refined. But that doesn’t make up for the lack of contents it provides, especially in now day gamings standards, do Capcom think this is still the 90s? Do they think they can get away with a half finished game and ship with just because they’re Capcom?? The extreme lack of quality in certain areas (The Character Story Mode art, who did it? How the hell did low quality, minimal effort roughly drawn art like those get a pass???), and the unstable server issues, the still unavailable characters, STILL no Arcade mode, poorly designed survival mode, and the ridiculous pricing. The ‘extremely late, patched in Story Mode was solid and well done, it actually provided a lot of stories, backgrounds for this game and links with previous games, I think if Capcom had this at launch, people will be more forgiving, but they got cocky.A solid fighting game, lacking extremely in single player replay values, too much grinding to unlock characters. Does not worth the full price at current time, NEVER get it unless it’s on sale special."
76561198193655027,Recommended,310950,25952562,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ahmed5mk,it is nice fighting game especially if you have a good pc to run it. I bought new gaming laptop and it runs Full HD 60 FPS.
76561198156714174,Not Recommended,310950,25722658,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,kipp_the_dark_knight,Might as well wait for it to go down in price cause you really aren't getting much for the high price tag.
76561198119470752,Not Recommended,310950,25722424,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,KoiShinobi,"Okay so this game is great, feels fun, fluid, easy to pick up. yadiya happy lyfe.HOWEVER, I do NOT recommend anyone buy it until Capcom decides to actually quit the bullcrap they've been doing.The game feels like it was made just to milk money out of gamers and it's not even subtle.- Like everyone says, the game feels unfinished and sold at full retail price, WTF?- Sleazy Overpriced DLC/Costumes/Colors. Story Costumes should be a given, along with colors but aren't. Once again, WTF?- In Game currency (Fight Money) is grinded by leveling up a fighter, and not by just replaying a Survival/Story mode. So if you can't beat anything past Easy mode you ""Casuals"" Your pretty  much screwed. Btw you can only play each characters survival once to gain FM. WTF?- New fighters that are added into this ""Unfinished"" game aren't given to you for free, but rather have to be purchased with cash, or Fight Money, which is ""limited"" to some players. WTF?- Still no ""ARCADE MODE"" c'mon.-No character select in ONLINE BATTLES-To top off all that, the recent update installed a ROOKIT into your PC just to play the game, which could potentially harm your PC fatally. The patch has been fixed, but seriously WHAT WERE THEY THINKING.I can go on about the problems with this game, and how unfinished it feels.Do not listen to the delusional people who defend this game.If you love Street Fighter, you're better off waiting until they get new management for this title.Don't support this corrupt business practice of buying unfinished games.I heard SNK released a new Fighter and its actually FINISHED. Buy THAT, instead of this."
,Recommended,310950,25870132,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Agaragan,Loving the game even though I'm horrible at it. Can't understand how people who hate this game and gave it the worst reviews ever have 100-500 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,310950,23973699,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,The Food Network,this game is ok
76561198069145996,Recommended,310950,24123837,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BUY BANDANAS,"SFV is now in a good state. Ranked is fixed for me after the late June update, still think survival mode, 8f delay, 4bar connections (netcode) need to be fixed but overall worth buying."
,Not Recommended,310950,28319825,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,HadokenxGaming,I have payed for the season pass on this game and have put in so much hours. I get random disconnects online and the game is just not completed. I love street fighter but this version is the worst they have come out with. I really hope season 2 fixes a lot of what is missing in this game.
,Recommended,310950,29373496,Posted: 20 January,all,Alex Roca,Best fighting game of this generation
76561198122801762,Not Recommended,310950,21262778,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ManOfOneBase,"cant rebind keys 2016, this is not even early acess standard."
,Not Recommended,310950,27056578,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BKMHang10,"Games like SFV are the reason I really wish I could give something a ""Mixed"" or ""Meh"" rating instead of just a straight Yes or No. As much as I sometimes enjoy the game, there are still glaring issues with it (such as DLC stages being banned from competitive use due to messing up certain matchups or straight up causing motion sickness in players), and the online play is still spotty when it comes to connections and how they're detected. Tying certain character colors to the insanely difficult/boring Survival Mode was a terrible decision from Day 1. The developer's PR hasn't exactly been great, to say nothing of them trying to stop cheaters by installing a rootkit on PC players' machines. Maybe one day Capcom will have fixed SFV completely, but until then the balance of pros and cons makes me rate it a Don't Buy."
76561198146733532,Not Recommended,310950,33215472,Posted: 3 July,all,Power Player,Bought this for $20 and still feel like I got ripped off.
,Recommended,310950,32161508,Posted: 3 June,all,kryptolojik,"After 2 years of being out I'm glad to say Street Fighter V is now what you would expect to get from a $60 AAA retail game... yeah it took 2 years(and it's not $60 anymore).  With the latest CFN update finally allowing you to track your stats, the robust story mode, various single player modes and a slew of characters it's time to enter the ring!"
,Not Recommended,310950,30119531,Posted: 23 February,all,Dimma,Bought it for like 10 pounds cause the mods looked coolDidn't get the mods to workRefundedgets the mods to workgame is 35 poundsnice.
76561198284626272,Not Recommended,310950,21256481,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,s.tenishev,SHAME on you CAPCOM! 60euro for what? This game is unfinished! Thank you!
,Not Recommended,310950,21259516,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,IronGun,"As a rather big follower of street fighter I was looking forward to playing this game. The gameplay is as great as always but I find it impossible to recommend this game to basically everyone besides your couch versus players since it's the only fully functional mode as I write this review.Story mode is underwhelming with only 4 missions per character with barely any lore, cringeworthy voice acting and kinda rushed looking artpieces. You can finish this one in an hour.Versus is functional and pretty much as you expect it to be.Online is just not functional. Some people are reporting that it's working for them, I can't and many others either. Being stuck in the ""opponent searching"" process is the most common issue for me.Survival is pretty barebones and gets boring quickly.Training is actually well done but you can't really call this one a ""gamemode""I'll probably change this review to positive when they add more single player content to it and fix online but for now it's just unrecommendable for me. Stay away from it until further patches and content."
,Not Recommended,310950,21259246,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,peekaye,"Do not buy. Unfinished. It is unplayable in its current state. Cannot connect to the network, and if you do, it will disconnect you in a few minutes. The frame rate is a roller coaster, and instead of frame skipping, the game will play out all frames, making for slow motion matches. Aside from the game being unplayable in its current state, Capcom wants you to pay an extra 30 dollars to get a season pass to give you more game modes and new fighters. I normally wouldnt mind if the fighters were new, but these are fighters that have been with street fighter for a long time. You are paying for fighters that should be in the game to begin with. The ball was really dropped on this one."
,Recommended,310950,21270735,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,war criminal,"It's better than 4, but anything is better than 4."
,Not Recommended,310950,21250061,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Afrika Bambooty,"At launch, servers were wrecked.Arguably the worst first play experiences I've ever had. Was stuck at TOS screen until I went key by key to find the ""A"" button.I have a hori RAF 4 arcade stick. I had to get a 3rd party program to utilize my stick becasue they did not create the option to select your controls (keyboard, arcade stick, controller, ect).Game looks good on max settings, though there's clipping for some of the characters.The game itself is fun and interesting as it took away a lot of the classic tropes and playstyles of senior characters and changed them around to some degree.Will recommend once they fix the 3rd party issue and stablize servers."
,Not Recommended,310950,21288020,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Yamato,Buy only if you are too poor for a ps plus membership and need to play SF like me.
,Not Recommended,310950,21289681,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,OOPSYPOOPSIES,Hold off on buying 'till March. ♥♥♥♥♥ wonky atm.
76561197996006590,Not Recommended,310950,21292734,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Neosinner,SO IF YOU LIKE THE TASTE AND SMELL OF♥♥♥♥♥♥THEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU.IF YOU LIKE TO BUY UNFINISHED AND BROKEN THINGS. THEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU.IF YOU ENJOY IT WHEN A COMPANY PUTS EVERY WORKERS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥IN YOUR♥♥♥♥♥DRY AND HARD. THEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU.LASTLY.. IF YOU LOVE THROWING AWAY MONEY AND ARE A COMPLETE IDIOT AND DONT DESERVE THE AIR IN YOUR LUNGS AND WANT TO DEFEND THIS PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥.....THEN THIS GAME RIGHT HERE MY FRIENDS IS FOR YOU.
,Not Recommended,310950,32744670,Posted: 24 June,all,Vyspeiro,ｐｌａｙ　ｇｕｉｌｔｙ　ｇｅａｒ
,Not Recommended,310950,21257455,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,👉,"Aside from the obvious server issues that will probably be fixed soon, the no-keyboard-remapping and the stupid censorship, here are the main reasons why the game is currently too frustrating to play and not worth it in its current state:-Too much downtime between matches, what is the point of having no character select if you have to wait 80% of the time in menus or loading screens? And this is not a server issue but a critical flaw in game design, we had the same problem in beta, I just hoped it would be fixed for retail.- If your opponent ragequits you don't get any points, and he keeps his winning streak,in 2016.I won't even comment on the barebones story mode or other aspects that make this an Early Access title, fix these 2 items and my review will probably turn positive but in the meantime, thumbs down it is.EDIT = As of right now, 5 months after release, these two major issues still haven't been fixed, on top of the horrid 8 frame lag that rewards reads instead of reactions, not to mention botches reversal and tech throw timings if you were used to SF4. Do not buy."
,Recommended,310950,31653839,Posted: 9 May,all,Dennis Died,"As someone who is essentially new to fighting games and looking for something to get into the genre I couldn't think of a better game. I've tried MKX online and played through the campaign of MK9. I've also been trying to get into games like Guilty Gear. While they're all good in their own ways I feel like SFV is the best out of what I've played so far to get into the fighting genre. Combos aren't as complicated and execution heavy as in MKX for example where I've ran into people who remove 60% of your bar if you make one wrong high/low guess. In that sense MKX was a rough start as a beginner. Much in the same way Guilty Gear felt quite execution heavy and very fast paced.SFV on the other hand provides a less steep learning curve allowing the player to get into basic concepts of the genre such as spacing, punishing and mixing up your offense. The game has issues as many people are pointing out in these reviews such as having the occasional laggy game. I still don't think this ruins the experience, and in my opinion the way SFV works a lot around the fighting game fundamentals makes it a preferable game for a beginner compared to the options available at the moment. Being able to finally have a decent way into the genre and finally getting the chance to learn fighting game fundamentals has got me hooked on this game as well, I love it. In conclusion as someone who was looking for a way into fighting games I highly recommend SFV for anyone else interested in picking up competitive fighting games."
,Recommended,310950,23942606,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mr. Kettle,Game is is like Frosted Flakes.
,Recommended,310950,21508768,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dopurun,"Do you want a feature complete game? Do not buy this.Do you want a fighting game? You might want to consider reading more before buying. And please make sure to read more reviews before deciding whether to buy this! Use this as a second opinion!This game is not feature complete. There is no real story mode; no real singleplayer. There are no lobbies (there is something called a battle lounge, but its 1 on 1). There is no challenge system and while I have not played survival, its pretty quick and lame from what I have read. All this stuff is coming in the free March update. The games mandatory tutorial does not tell you much aside from that your fists can punch, you can throw out a fireball if you are Ryu, your legs can move and kick, and you can block stuff. The tutorial, however, fails to mention more crucial things: did you know you can quick recover from a knockdown into a roll by double tapping left when you hit the ground? You can also quick rise by double tapping down. They acknowledge throw breaks, but don't tell you how to do them, which might seem like its common sense to most people but someone brand new to the series wouldn't get it. The tutorial overall is just very vague for a game that is trying to bring new blood into a niche genre.As a fighting game, I'm enjoying this. I think right now its a solid experience if you want to hop in, train, and fight live players. I play them pretty casually, so I'm no expert at the systems present, but it does change quite a bit from the last title I spent time with (SFIV). The new Variable Gauge system creates more identity to the characters, as activating your V-Trigger will alter your moveset, giving them new properties or creating new moves entirely. Every character now has a V-Reversal while allows them to escape pressure through a knockdown as well as a V-Skill that alows characters to dissipate projectiles or other perks unique to the character. The Variable Gauge system changes a lot from the last system, but people who have played the Alpha series or Third Strike might feel right at home with it.Links and execution in this game also feels much easier than 4, making it a breeze to get in and start practicing your bread and butters until your thumb or wrist hurts. This also means this game is very accessible to new fighting game players, so long as they take the neccessary steps to get outside information, have a proper mindset, and a willingness to learn from their mistakes.Overall, I think Street Fighter V can only get better from here on. At $60, its a very tough decision for a lot of people. If you wanted a feature complete game, you should wait until March or maybe April at the latest before jumping into the fray. If you know all this, and don't care, you have a fighting game that is very solid when the servers aren't acting funny. Here is hoping Capcom keeps it up and makes this game fantastic, because it has the potential to survive for a really long time if they play their cards right."
76561198070493280,Not Recommended,310950,21251392,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,HonorJunkie,Online Dosent work at all. also if you are doing story and it Decides you the Ulog you from the server you lose all progress and are returned to the Main menu. plz fix i would like to play this beautiful game
76561198297033250,Recommended,310950,22750559,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,benakh5150,"Gameplay: 9 out of 10Contents   : 4 out of 10 [as of May2016]This game is 'long term investment', more contents are coming."
,Not Recommended,310950,21415128,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,phasnox,"Oh I was very excited! Told my friend ""hey man I got SFV! Come to my place to play"". Capcom says no, controller 2 does not work. Damn"
76561197990596197,Not Recommended,310950,21290196,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,The Shuma,"A full priced game with no single player, no tutorial, and server problems so bad the only people playing regularly get top8 at evo. What's not to love?Stay the hell away from this game."
76561197996605767,Recommended,310950,24025785,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Buzerio,"Now that Story Mode and most of the Season 1 characters are out there's a decent amount of content here (assuming you are interested in online play), there's still no Arcade mode but if you're looking for a complex competitive game you can sink hours into you'll definately find that here."
,Recommended,310950,23998793,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Yorkie !!,"Welp, Capcom finally came through and released the full single player story mode. It's pretty good! The game has come a long way since its fisrt release and i'd say it's at a point now where I'd recommend it, hence me writing this review =D"
,Not Recommended,310950,33657517,Posted: 19 July,all,Rayden Belmont,Unfinished cash grab they pump out DLC for. Don't touch this game.
,Recommended,310950,24004093,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,RaimannR3,"This game had a rought relase, but it always was a very solid fighting game."
76561197988186814,Recommended,310950,23955980,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Just Pokey,"This game launched in disarray, no covering that up. But now with the story mode update and several characters added it is undoubtedly worth $60."
76561197965419698,Not Recommended,310950,23659701,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,cg,Months and months later and still no keyboard mapping support. What kind of developers works at Capcom?
76561198047020615,Recommended,310950,23994186,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Shirou - Unlimited blade Works,"Great game, I really enjoyed the graphics, the game play, but it is impossible to play Online.I guess I'll drop the game, it has proven to be impossible to play with such delay. [ímg]http://imgur.com/IKlCUWn[/img]"
76561198027864073,Not Recommended,310950,28498505,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,wara34,"i've seen 10$ indie games with more content then the base game then they have large paygates for every small thing, sure you can earn a new character if you play 200+ hours you can get ONE,"
,Recommended,310950,23602410,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TsarPanda,Everything is alright; i have no problem with the game. Netcode is perfect.Have a positive review for justice.
76561198054294396,Not Recommended,310950,33549611,Posted: 14 July,all,Darksagan,"Despite the horrible reviews which actually pertain to everything but gameplay...this is probably the best Street fighter out. Now with that said..YES, the supporters and hardcores are totally being robbed....80.00 for all characters and then the atrocious story line which is just pictures wtf. Yeah all the reviews are correct but its really hard resist not having the newest edition of this amazing franchise. I hope they realize that the people they are hurting are their true fans. Get it together."
76561198359236439,Recommended,310950,34342935,Posted: 18 August,all,mooglepoint15,"I'm just going give you the pros and cons of SFV and some comparison to SFIVCons:A good roster of characters are lockedCannot unlock costumes through pointsSwitching characters to play online is bit annoyingPros:All locked, and future DLC characters you can get them with points instead of having to buy themReally well balance into matching on rank gamesAllow a 2/3 win system in rankDiverse character playstyleComparison to SFIV:This might turn some people off, I didn't like the V gauge, some character's Gauge power is very strong where it can change the tide of the gameThere are a lot of new characters added  and removed and there are more to come.Some characters you know fight style have change and will have you play them differently, but not enough where the character seem like a stranger.Combos for some characters can do a lot of damage and are easier to perform compare to SFIVSome connection problem still happens but definitely a lot better than SFIVOverall I think it still a SF game but also feel like it drifting to combo base fighting game but it no where near there yet. SFV it a solid fighting game now. I know most launch game including always have a lot of problem but now it all good!"
,Not Recommended,310950,33771528,Posted: 24 July,all,"Aaron Burr, Sir","I got it on sale.Seriously, this is not worth the full price, it's probably worth it when it is on sale. It has the potential to be a great game, but Micro transactions,buggy multiplayer, and lack of content just holds it back."
76561198034146558,Recommended,310950,21317322,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,DrDucker,"despite a bit of a rocky launch - which seems to be the norm for this day and age of meeting deadlines and pushing products out - this game is godlikeit is amazingly satisfying. im talking about the animations, the punching people, the normals that have being blocked animations and hitting animations - fantastici already greatly like street fighter, but i won't be an apologist - the game was pushed out a little too early in the context of -- if you are a new player, you won't be getting much in the way of things helping you out, at least, during the launch - the story mode is going to be added at a later date, battle lobbys can only hold 2 people at the moment, -- along with a bunch of other features that weren't ready to be pushed out at the same time as the official game launch datecapcom is pushing this game to the e-sport level. i had a lot of competitive and casual friends buy it with various opinions on it. most of the competitive friends say its great, feels good, all the characters are vibrant and grandoise compared to their earlier counterparts - the more casual friends i have playing it don't have the past games for reference to make the comparisons on what has changed so they focus less on that and more on what they are currently getting instead of digesting the changes - which at launch, isn't overly muchanyways - it comes with pros and cons.PRO:- it is insanely fun, once you break the barrier of being able to think more on your opponent then how to do a fireball and uppercut at the right times- it's built to last, given the slew of characters they are unlocking, once per couple months was the most recent rumour- it is much more beginner friendly in regards to combosCON:- beginner friendly combos doesn't mean much if you don't know how to play the neutral - you have to go to 3rd party sources to understand that- fighting games at their core are their maximum level of fun and engaging when your execution reaches a level where you can start concetrating on the match and situations, rather than what button does what and how to fireball - this is /no/ differentTL;DRit's street fighter, however - probably the best street fighter yet. -- that still means, it's street fighter though."
,Recommended,310950,21312365,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,XOF,I think I just spend $60 for training mode...
,Not Recommended,310950,21330054,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,The Big Boss,"Looks like KOF XII, an unfinished game.No arcade modeNo 1p vs cpuNo trialshorrible replay channelServers always having some kind of a problemNo binding keysThe worst story mode in videogame historyThe gameplay itself is good, it looks like street fighter 4 and it is a little slow but still pretty good.If capcom had the minimum brains to wait a few months and release it with some extra modes maybe I would recommend it. Right now is impossible to do so."
76561198060385474,Not Recommended,310950,21257053,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,rhyosjin,"I pre-ordered this game, then returned it. I can not recommend this game given the lack of FightStick Support. Others have stated this as well. The lack of single player modes will also be a deterrent to most."
,Recommended,310950,22883731,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Nineball H1,"Great core gameplay, but not without its faults. If you are interested in single player game modes then I would suggest holding off on purchasing this game until that content arrives, but if you are mostly interested in online then you would find a lot of enjoyment with this game. With that said, there are still some things to consider.The biggest issue in my opinion is that this game (A PC and PS4 exclusive) lacks Direct input support on PC. This means that all of your PS4 arcade sticks won't work on this version of the game, you will need a stick that has X input (360 stick) or use third party software to get your direct input stick to work. Doesn't sound like a huge issue, but I have experienced noticeable input lag with using anything but Joytokey. Maybe your system will work better with the some software over others, I don't know, there are several of these sofwares but Direct input support has been promised on launch day by a Capcom representative and they haven't mentioned it since. For all the players who like to play 2D Fighters on keyboard, there is no key mapping, so you're stuck with the default mapping.The next issue I'd like to mention is Ragequitting. Capcom's solution to ragequitting is laughable at best. These types of games will always have ragequitters and many games have implemented very capable systems to handle the issue, but Capcom's solution has taken too long to be implemented and has the posibility of locking out people who genuinely disconnect from the servers for up to two hours.Again, the gameplay is solid,  but if Capcom would just do a better job communicating with the community about the issues in the game and when we can expect certain things to be fixed instead of constantly giving us the silent treatment I think the game would be doing a lot better."
,Recommended,310950,24098390,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,imsatan,Somewhat harsh launch with reasonable doubt. Gameplay is good though.
76561197970050388,Not Recommended,310950,21251145,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,pocetbox,"excited a lot, but game is not finished. does not even have language change option in the game even all the supported languages. poor optimization, i have run in low to have ok frame and it looks worse than SF4."
76561197999332547,Not Recommended,310950,21417306,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,LeaveTheSeatUp!,Bought the game for the multiplayer.It didn't work.Don't recommend
,Not Recommended,310950,29752204,Posted: 6 February,all,Waffle Time!,"Everything that made SFIV great is missing.Everything a fighting game should not be.Except for the graphics, it's a huge downgrade."
76561198064250490,Not Recommended,310950,22754383,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Swc,"Do you enjoy playing Street Fighter games?...then go back to FightcadeEdit after some months: So, nowadays, rage quitters aint a big thing, and it has its playerbase (if youre playing in the US u ll get a lot of matches, if youre anywhere else it will take you some time, well, a lot). Game's core aint bad, but there are a lot of things this game lacks or they ve been doing wrong for a lot of time, like all that dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, or adding cosmetic instead of some features people wants (like a normal arcade mode).Its really cool that theyre tryng to ""balance"" the game with this patches, but this nerf/buff things literally erase characters from the poll (unless you enjoy losing...a lot)Like a lot of other people said....dont buy this game unless youre paying like 20 dollars at max.Its hard to understand what kind of fanbase capcom is tryng to build with this game, and its harder to recommend this game for anyone, wheter youre a ""casual"" or ""hardcore"" fighting games player, just....just dont waste 60 dollars on this."
,Recommended,310950,25600000,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,EmBearRassed♂,"1) Righteous and deserving heir to SFIV, my favourite fighting game of all time. Points!2) Characters are evenly balanced for the most part, gameplay is fun, flashy stuff! Points!3) Gameplay slightly simplified. That's kind of a shame, I loved grinding combos in Training. No points.4) Too expensive! Come on, with or without the DLC it costs way too much. No points.5) Game is still developing at a nice steady pace. Metagame is advancing, a year later. New characters being introduced excites me! Urien looks fun to fight. Points!6) Netcode is alriiiiightish. I have a good connection, so I don't get issues on that front! However, a lot of people do. No points.7) Character design and visual design is outstanding! I love the costumes. Points!8) Much more demanding towards one's computer than its predecessor. MUCH more. No points.9) Great ranking system design! People with dedication end up right where they belong. A step up from SFIV's stressful PP system. Points!10) Great community, as always in the FGC. Points!11) Tournaments are hype! Capcom is doing well in supporting the competitive events. Excited for CPT! Points!Overall, I'm ready to stuff at least another thousand hours into the Street Fighter franchise, all thanks to this game! I'm really pleased with it. However, the cost and some of other people's complaints cause me to lower my rating a little bit.MY MORE OBJECTIVE RATING: 7.5/10MY PERSONAL ENJOYMENT: 9.5/10OVERALL: BUY THIS GAME IF YOU LOVE STREET FIGHTER, FIGHTING GAMES, THE FGC AND SUCH! And... if you have the funds, of course. It's well worth if you're willing to put time in!"
76561198039305661,Recommended,310950,34479240,Posted: 25 August,all,gunsaremagic,its great !
76561198199810617,Recommended,310950,25927684,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Shin Marx,"Really good fighting game that suffered and still suffers from bad management.Despite all the controversies revolving around the incomplete release, the weird focus on the subsequent patches, and the lack of expected features in most fighting game, Street Fighter V still plays like a charm, which mattered the most for me. Also, if you are into modding, there is a very active community working constantly on this game, delivering features that by themselves make me enjoy SFV more.Hopefully this game will evolve into a better product as time passes, compensating it's initial backlash.Also, please do not attempt to use rootkits again in the future, Capcom. That only takes more credibility away from you guys."
,Not Recommended,310950,28508980,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,HelgenX,"This is the worst game release from a major franchise I've ever experienced. It doesn't run well on my PC although other UT4 engine games DO, I have to play it in the lowest settings possible, and it's extremely ugly.Also, there's SO MUCH CONTENT that you have to BUY additionally, and I mean so much. I paid $60 for this game and got what should basically be a F2P game since everything you purchase is essential to you trying to even play. How? you can't even practice against characters you don't ""pay for"" because you would actually need to buy them. You can earn in game money, but by the time you earn enough for even one character, you could have just used your money to buy a complete game like King of Fighters XIV on PS4 or Guilty Gear Xrd Revelator, which in my opinion has so much more than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.I will NEVER, EVER buy another SF game after this and I even purchased this on my PS4 because I was supposed to be doing sessions at my house. I've since then sold the PS4 version because it's a waste of time and money since I can't use even half of the content, and you better believe I'm downloading the hacked version of this game if I ever want to try the other characters because I'm not giving these greedy scumbags another cent."
,Not Recommended,310950,30515463,Posted: 14 March,all,Dom Mom,"There is better fighting games out right now, do not fall for capcoms money making scheme."
,Recommended,310950,21313029,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Unga Bunga Reno,Buy a copy and play it.Play it with me.No for real my own friends are ducking me and refusing to play me I'm lonely.It's fun I promise.Please.
,Not Recommended,310950,24500507,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Enraged Search117,"This game is a far cry from Street Fighter 4. The netcode is bad, to even get basic color it's tedious, very little variety in characters playstyle, the neutral feels like a straight up brawl, anti airs are weak encouranging a large amount of jumping, one sided rollback due to player desync, lobbies don't work often. The list goes on and on I deeply regret buying this game after trying so many other fighters this game looks like a sixty dollar alpha. The very barebones of this game is good ,but capcom has a long way to make this a acceptable product."
76561198048780339,Not Recommended,310950,21448733,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Suzyleeror,NOT COMPLETE GAME FOR 60 Euros!
,Recommended,310950,24060653,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Weedaveo,"Street fighter 5 the latest rendition of the renowned street fighter series. Wonderful gameplay, balanced characters, great story mode. Easy to play and good for beginners. Espescially good for competitive individuals striving to improve themselves. Great dlc characters and always improving netcode. Best fighting game 2016!"
,Not Recommended,310950,31375668,Posted: 26 April,all,EXNDL,"Pro's and Con's of SFVlets start with the consCONS--forced input delay-cannot test characters before purchase-cannot skip cutscenes in story mode-extremely simlpified fighting game that makes checkers look complex-awful balance-wildly innacurate hurtboxes/hitboxes-terrible metagame-netcode is atrocious at best-instead of fixing the issues from season 1, you made them worse-pseudo pay to win model-characters are EXTREMELY expensive-costumes are terrible, most of them might aswell just make the characters completely naked-slow repetetive gameplay(i play 3rd strike mostly and many other games and they dont feel repetitive)-crappy lobby search system-♥♥♥♥♥iest music of any street fighter title to date (worse than Alpha 3's music)PROS--screenshots look nice-rewards you for playing like a moronif this game had a different game and characters absolutely no one would still be playing iall in all somehow ACTUALLY worse than Street Fighter 4 was"
,Not Recommended,310950,21286398,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,(Section9)NeoCrYsisX_I11,I have to give this a thumbs down. It feels like a $70 Early Access game.They just pushed this out early because of Capcom Pro Tour.The Bad-No Directinput (No Madcatz TE2 support)-No VS CPU mode (WTF)-No Arcade mode(Double WTF)-No Tutorial-No Trials mode-DLC free to play model game with a retail release price tag-No Explaination of V Trigger for all characters-Long loading screens. Pointless New challenger and earth screen.-No rematch selection-You can't invite your friends to play over Steam-DLC schedule to add content that should be in a $70 releaseThe Good-Good netcode-The game runs well and looks and sounds nice
76561198052874618,Not Recommended,310950,34265477,Posted: 15 August,all,spudling16,"Throw Fighter 5 is pretty bad, Just get Tekken 7"
,Not Recommended,310950,28538158,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,disabled,"game is still a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥after the release of season 2, which they failed to release any 'promises' they made back at Evo 2016.Congrats Capcom, you've officially lost a returning costuomer."
,Not Recommended,310950,21296875,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ret,"It's not the abomination SFxT was, but it's not far off either."
,Not Recommended,310950,24527158,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,markypoo4L,"Online is complete garbage, unless your only interested in story mode or competeting at locals I do not recommed until online is fixed"
76561198020956426,Recommended,310950,25503423,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,BryanFury,"I'll immediatly take this off of my chest:This game is much better than street fighter 4!No more combo system based on one frame links, so you don't get mashed reversal as soon as you mis-time a split second.No more 50/50 wake up situation all the time, because you have quickrise in this game and most of the moves don't result into a hard knockdown.No more vortex characters.Better art style.Good audio,at least most of them especially when compared to the horrible tracks in SF4.Less emphasis on fireball zooning.Much better balanced tier list resulting in a great variety of chosen characters,even though ryu and ken are still predominant online, but then again not as much as sf4, at least the vanilla version.The gameplay basicly feels more dynamic, much less turtle oriented and more aggressive.So...is this game perfect? Not by a long shot, the online mode is not as good as SF4 at least in the state it is now and this is aggravating for everybody, on top of that the single player is really poor with the abscence of arcade mode(yeah you read this right), this is bad especially for casual players but it will be fixed in the next updates.Another unfortunate thing is the 8 frame lag, if you are an harcore player, this is somenthing not to take lightly, it doesn't ruins the game by any means at least not in the strict sense of the term but it's still bad, some moves will be hard to avoid on reaction and you will notice more responsivness in most other fighting games, SF4 included.If you want single player content and missions and dont care about the competive aspect of fighting games and want mostly to play only online then this, like most fighting games, but especially this is not the game for you. Mortal kombat X would probably be a wiser choice ( apart the online..)I can recomnend this game to all harcore street fighter player or people interested in becoming harcore especially by playing it with people offline. Dont misunderstand me though... I still think like most people that is not good to release a game so barebone and rough and the online is still a very important thing anyway, casual player or not, but i believe that like a rough stone with the next updates this game can become a shiny diamond.Still a good game even with the problems that could' ve been avoided by capcom.Anyway...If the game doesn't change for the better in the next updates especially for the online this review may change for the worst, I like the core mechanichs but again I can tolerate some mistakes made by capcom,but only temporarily. Sort it Capcom!Edit 16/11/2016The online is fine now, but not because capcom fixed anything, but because I opened the NAT of my router towards steam so I guess in my case the problem was on my end, now everything works really well and I can find games fast in spite of seaching only for people with 4 or 5 bars connection (europe).Now I can recommend this game even more!"
76561198077211636,Not Recommended,310950,21294596,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,samsaralotus,all of the testing team for this game in capcom need to get fired. wtf is this game?you can play online at all.we onlly got 16 charecters?16?!!? wtf is this 1990 or 2016? or capcom want use to pay for each and every new one? what is this a f2p game? even mobas dotn do♥♥♥♥♥♥so bad. really in 2016 capcom need to go out of business for good.
,Not Recommended,310950,29774197,Posted: 7 February,all,ΞЛϾΞŁΛÐUS,"Fight Mechanics are great but there are problems that can't be overlooked.Issues:1.Coming up on a year since launch and still no arcade mode.2.Season Pass is not a Season Pass but a Character Pass, skins and stages are separate. (You can grind for items with fight money the cost in FM is over 3,600,000 so... yeah... )3.For the most part the average gamer will shell out almost 100 dollars for game (Thats practically in early access), characters (ie. Akuma), stages and skins. I personally see this as the publishers attempting to exploit gamers.I recieved this game as a birthday present.  But I cant recommended this game in its current state."
76561197972805184,Recommended,310950,22097417,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,TICO,i see nothing wrong with the game plays and runs good.
76561198077028653,Not Recommended,310950,23637716,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,gusto,Over 8k hours in SF4.This game is too easy. The intentional input lag makes this game a fake fighting game.You're not going to get the same rewards from this game that you would from others.
,Recommended,310950,22110075,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Obrion,game is good
76561198014561335,Recommended,310950,30182305,Posted: 25 February,all,3fitty7ven,"An excellent, and well polished fighting game that welcomes newbies and rewards HardCore gamers alike.Street Fighter V is a 8-directional, 6 button fighting game that takes over 20 years of fighting game history and Utilizes its experiance to make an impressively deep, challenging, and fun 2 player fighter. At the time of reviewing this game, SFV now has a proper story mode, and vs AI setting in versus, a significant selection of fighters to choose from, and a great selection of costumes you can obtain (via fight money, or real money). also worth noting, that DLC characters and stages can be aquired either through saving up fight money in game, or by simply paying for them with real money.Gameplay is exactally as you would expect from a Street Fighter game. fights are on a 2 dimentional plain, utilizing an 8-Directional input to move / duck / jump. There are three different punch and kick inputs to use (light, strong, heavy), each with different advantages and weaknesses depending on the character you use. This game can be enjoyed by casual players, and even more so by people who seek to learn the tricks and techniques of their character of their choice. With that said, It will start with you learning how to do the special and ultra moves, then learning how to preform complex combinations, then learning how to read your opponent. SFV also has new mechinics called the V-skill, which is a unique skill each character can use by pressing medium punch & medium kick together. and the V-Trigger (Hp & Hk), an activatable powerup that grants your character either a powerup, or a move that will give you an advantage over your opponent.Compareing this to earlier street fighter titles, This one feels alot easier to play than the others. The characters are unique in their fighting styles (including ryu and ken. they now have their own move set.) and feel fresh and new, while staying true to how people knew them from previous enteries. Visually, the game looks great, and runs smoothly online and offline.Overall, If you want to get into fighting games, or if you are a veteran getting back into, or looking for a new game to pick up. Street Fighter V is an excellent addition and recommendation for you.9.5/10"
76561198007901027,Not Recommended,310950,31707210,Posted: 12 May,all,Happy kill,"I would actually play this garbage game if netcode worked. Capcom seems to care more about tournaments people watch instead of people actually playing online.  If you put it in perspective, most people can't attend tournaments even as spectators so they only have online. This is at least 90% of people who bought the game. Anyway capcom sucks don't buy MVCI because they will F♥♥♥♥ that up too."
76561197998059310,Not Recommended,310950,21497108,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Darktemnarak[OmYim],worst fighting game of the year2016.....
,Not Recommended,310950,24569472,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Rippin_天-真・悪魔,"UPDATED REVIEWvery dissapointing game i'd have to say, the gameplay is nice, better than sf4, but fails compared to SF3 3rd strike, i see alot of people comparing the two game to eachother, i dont blame them, since the people working on this game also worked on third strike, but this game is an utter faliure.mechanics:one of the main mechanics in the gameplay is the crush counter, its annoying and barely puts any ""skill"" involved in the gameplay, since you'll likely be pressing meaty HP or HK for a crush counter combo. this game depends too much on combos, much like it's previous game. keep it simple and clean.NO PARRYINGparrying is a mechanic that existed in the SF3 games and it was a great mechanic, why didnt capcom keep it and make it universal for all characters instead of just ryu? it makes the game more skilled based rather than pressing HP or HK (crush counter). it creates tense and hype moments, one of the main core elements SF3 has.gameplay: to me i feel like this street fighter game is the most stressful game in the entire series, theres is barely any footsie battles, just spam safe moves and get you opponent in a block string, not to mention most of the combos are ""execute a move"" tap a button ""do another move"".rank modeit is so terrible, i cannot believe how bad it is for lower ranked people (900 - 1500). its constant win 1 lose 1, and youll be stuck there. i have experiacned much better players in the ultra bronze area than people in super silver. the lp system is abolute trash, sf4's system is much better and fair. the matchmaking is one of the worst ive ever experianced. always gets matched with a player that is 2-4 leagues better than you. people argue that versing people better than you makes you better, no it doesnt, theres steps to improve yourself, and versing someone that is a few steps ahead of you will do you nothing. (just steal their techs, it works)community: the streetfighter community is 50/50 for me, you got people who are willing to help and assist players with knowledge but also provide respect when versing another, then you got people that make fun of people that they're dominating, being trolls and aboslutely cancerous (sfv disscussion) and this is the streetfighter community as a whole.CASHCOM: for a game that is $60 and compare the content it provided IN THE FIRST PLACE it is terrible. atleast story mode is in right? after months without proper amount of content for a $60 game, it is pathetic on capcom's part, i heard it's because of the CPT they released it early but still, its a shame. the DLC capcom provides, i have no problems with it, but the issue is that the majority of the cosumes are only purchasable by money, not the ingame currency ""fight money"" i love how capcom is treating it's customers.final statementthe only thing that is making me comeback to this game is the fact that urien is going to be in it4/10"
76561197986169584,Not Recommended,310950,25784775,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Sukha,"This game killed any hype StreetFighter series had. Watching StreetFighter 5 tournaments is like an excersise in repetition, everybody plays the same. Whoever is more consistent/lucky wins. No sick combos or setups allowed, any new tech that is not considered core gameplay gets cut out immeditely.This game appeals to nobody. If you are casual player, the game doesn't have a finished story mode. If you are an avid fighting game enthusiast there is very little to keep you interested here as the game lacks any depth and complexity to challange you for more than a couple of weeks. (and if you truly are fighting game nerd, then you will be mastering charracters in days time)"
,Not Recommended,310950,21288164,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,fdhzs2010,"the game is not complete yet. no ♥♥♥♥ing arcade mode, no ♥♥♥♥ing keyboard settings, short like hell story. no no no no ♥♥♥♥ing everything. screw you up. how dare you sell this♥♥♥♥♥♥ screw you capcom the ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,310950,30284025,Posted: 2 March,all,Linna,"Major lack of content, uninteresting gameplay, major step down from every single mainline entry in the series except the first game. Capcom's arrogant attitude suggests they don't care about fixing any of the game's issues or delivering on promises made in regards to future content as they've already gotten your money. Buy Revelator instead."
76561198320790316,Recommended,310950,25033722,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,leafninjazero,"Ive been noticing alot of the reviews saying it doesnt support ps4 sticks and controllers, but it definitely does it may not have at launch but its certainly in game. And i may not have many hours, but i owned this on ps4 and definitely put my time in. And I have to say street fighter 5 is probably the best street fighter out. I absolutely love  3.S but this game is balanced so nicely and looks and plays so well. its an amazing fighter in my oppinion 100%. And since launch has become a much fuller game! love sfv!"
,Not Recommended,310950,21246968,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Mistah Cookie,servers dead as ♥♥♥♥. What were those two betas for? thanks Capcom u dun ♥♥♥♥ed up
,Recommended,310950,31260864,Posted: 20 April,all,ActionJaxton,better than street fighter 4fite me
76561197981407749,Not Recommended,310950,21724880,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,塔恩 `null #TheWeeknd,"Dont waste your money on a unfinished pos, server still crashes every few games almost a month after its release date. This game made alot of promises, but none of them were true. 70 dollars for this had to be the wrost 70 dollar thing i have ever bought."
,Recommended,310950,27053473,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Martenv11,"This game's launch was so bad, it'll be talked about for years to come in the fighting game community. But one thing they got right was the main part which is the fighting. Buy this game on sale and hop on so I can woop yo bum and take the LP, cya in da ranked matches when im flexing my muscles with my Gief."
,Recommended,310950,21267396,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,WhiteKiteofDoom,"So I wrote out a long review and Steam lost it so heres a short one.I like the game. If you want to know the features it has please read the store page, I want to specifically address peoples concerns here.Issues people have....Limited fightstick support - Can be fixed with JoyToKey. Not ideal, but they plan on fixing it in the future.Missing features - This was announced, and if you dont like it pretend the game comes out in March, if you preordered the game before this was announced you would have paid anyway, I like having 2 weeks to earn some FP before the stores open.Art style/Graphics - There has been footage and screenshots for ages, I dont understand peoples sudden problem with it.Server issues - Games with online features more often than not have issues on launch. This is not a problem exclusive to SFV.The store model - It works for League of Legends and if its what they need to not release DLC or a SFVI in a years time I support it. Plus free content for playing the game, which im going to do anyway.Keyboard mapping - This sucks and from what I have seen it wasnt common knowledge before the game came out, this can be fixed through a 3rd party program and from what I have read they are going to fix this in the future.Easy AI - Go play on the ranked servers theres pleanty of people with the same issue you can take out your frustrations on.Long story short the fighting feels fantastic and what more do you want from a fighting game? Would you rather have an  early story mode that feels gross?They gave us a little taste of whats to come and I want more, sure the game Is a little bare right now but what I have seen I love (other than the server issues which they are quite actively talking about on twitter) and this is more than enough for me to toy around on till the free March update which will probably feel like a new game."
76561198101982903,Recommended,310950,21933450,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Ereiko,"I don't care what people say, I like this game. Of course that it can be improved, and I hope it will, but I am really enjoying playing. What I do miss is the bonus stage. Maybe I am the romantic type, but I love destroying barrels and cars with my bare hands. My request to Capcom is at least two bonus stages."
76561198043899565,Recommended,310950,21781684,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TheBajaBlast,Buy if you play a fighting game for versus. Don't buy if you play a fighting game for single player for some reason.
76561198073517675,Recommended,310950,21331177,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,mattx大権現,"Don't listen to all the idiots posting bad reviews. If they actually bothered to look into the game they would know exactly what and what not they would get on day 1, as capcom was very public about it. They also seem to forget that the reason for the delayed modes in the first place was becuase capcom listened to fans and relased the game early for use in tournaments. Game runs and plays well, havent had any online glitches yet"
,Recommended,310950,24664666,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,f0rce#,Amazing game! Don't listen to the negative comments. Great game to play with your friends.
76561198066272100,Recommended,310950,24670465,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Hfyuygyf,"Capcom messed up with this game's initial release for sure, but if you: are a hardcore SF fan, enjoy playing it with your friends, want to get better at it competitively, have a good graphics card, and enjoy the new renders of the classic characters, you will enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,310950,21248991,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Wolfhawk57,i cant Grade this game.. nor can i Hit the recommend button.. Its 50/50 Right now..  But I will add this to the DOWN Button.. but really would Love to see a side ways button.. Rather thumbs or down.. Because i am setting in the middle.Just go to the fourm you will see what i mean..Game LACKS in SINGLEPLAYER.. But i am sure if your a Beta type of guy or girl Who only Lives online and plays onlinethis right up your allybut If your a ALPHA gamer Who wants everything to be 100% Your on the waiting list..but If your bored You can by that SOUNDTRACK to the Game and listen to it on your Portable player..But there is a postive the X-arcade Tankstick to Xbox 360 Controller works. (Xbox 360 adapter)
,Not Recommended,310950,21259337,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,DrScorpio,"Wow, this is garbage. I knew going in that it was short on content, but was fine with it. I only needed 2 things:1. Online battle2. Playing with friends1. Online battle is worse then beta. Like a lot worse. Matchmaking is spotty and I simply cant get matches. No prob since I was planing to play with friends!2. Looks like i cant play with friends! WTFNow for the idiots who say ""hey stop talking bad, this game has been out for 1 day!"", these ppl need to shut the hell up since they apparently dont live in the real world. This game went through 5 rounds of beta and never addressed/fixed this issue?! Thats unacceptable. The best way to describe SF5 right now is that you are buying beta 6. It feels like a beta in every way. Craploads of content missing. Basic stuff not working.I recommend not buying this game. Maybe when its out of beta you might want to consider it."
,Not Recommended,310950,21260963,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,dreamboy,"Almost on disc DLC since they'll release DLC characters in march, along with the rest of the game.THEY CANT KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH THISThis game is literally dogshit atm, pls dont play. Buy it when it goes on sale."
76561197988188677,Not Recommended,310950,21266748,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,PietroWreszcie,"Well... I love streetfighter games, and I knew going in, that there would be huge lack of content.  I didn't care.  I just wanted streetfighter.However, this game is so buggy, it really doesn't work on my system at all.  primary specs below:4670k i5 @ 4.5ghz8gb 2600mhz ddr3R9 290 over clockedI expected to play this game at 1440p like all my games (witcher 3, mortal kombat, alien isolation, far cry 4, mad max, etc...).  However, as I'm writing this, I am only able to run it at 720p or the game goes into slow motion (seriously unplayable).  Even if I turn down the settings all to low, I cannot increase the resoluation at all.  -note: the frame rate is playable but the game is in slow motion.  Its not the entire game laging either, as the audio is still on target (while their mouths lag far behind the dialogue).Oh and lets not forget my friend Error 2100d... I average about 2.2 minutes of connectivity to capcom's networks for every hour I play... and I live in the city with 100mbps...update (2/18).I tried this game on my work pc and it runs great at 1080p.  The work pc is a haswell i5, 8gb ram, and gtx760.  I'm shocked that its running so well, given how much more powerful the r9 290 is compared to the gtx760.  I'm not completely convinced itsan AMD card problem though, as I have read about some nvidia cards having the same issue.  -Hope this gets sorted out."
,Not Recommended,310950,21281943,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,shogeki,"Don't buy this game.  The server connection problems make this game unplayable, and it's designed to force you to be always-online.  Wait a few months until they have some real content too.  Basic game is fun and playable but with the amount of content we should be paying $15 not $60."
76561197983599366,Not Recommended,310950,21327243,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Dr. Fotheringham,"No support for PS2 (playstation controller). It works on every other game I use my controllers on, but theres no area to map to SF5.How about fixing this guys???Not everyone has an XBOX controller and whoever heard of being compeditive with the keyboard which is what its default setting is...I can use my controller/s for SSF4 just not this.. Come on guys fix this and ill buy this game again."
,Not Recommended,310950,21402872,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Dreadleif,"READ TO BOTTOM: As a tournament player, I can't recommend this game to anyone:- Street Fighter 4 is still more complex and FAR more exciting for the competative scene.- Casual gamers will hate this game as it stands now.Look. Capcom tried to appeal to casual gamers while appeasing the 3rd strike crowd by removing 1-frame links and making the game entirely based around footsies. The problem is that competative players like me still dominate online matches, and because everything is so basic, matches are boring to watch and stale as a result of most match-ups consisting of close quarters guessing games. If you analyze even Tokido vs Daigo matches, most hits are actually random and not based on skill.A HUGE PROBLEM WITH THE GAME IS THAT IT'S BORING TO WATCH.I want you to really think about this for a second. Every match boils down to two players standing next to each other, pressing a slow normal, and one players normal randomly connects, leading to a frame advantage. You can call this reads, footsies, whatever. It's extremely boing to watch compared to melee or USF4. Capcom really screwed up here, and I think Combofiend (developer) was so busy making it a great way to measure skill between two players, that he forgot the magic ingredient that a fighting game needs. He did accomplish perhaps the best way to measure the skill of two players ever - the better player always wins, but somehow too many other ingredients were sacrificed in the process.The main problem for Capcom with SF5 since launch day, is that the game just doesn't appeal to casual gamers. It had a terrible launch, and MKX and other recent fighting games makes SF5 look like an early alpha. They could have easily averted this, and I think it will be their downfall. I predict a massive shrinking of the fighting community and a slow decline in tournament participants and viewers. I will continue to enjoy this game, and I love playing it as a competative player, but I'm sorry Combofiend, those aren't the most important aspects of a fighting game.No upsets, no excitement, no FGC."
,Recommended,310950,28930680,Posted: 1 January,all,Varelius,"Now i'll just get the formalities out of the way. No, this game is not perfect. I had to do quite a bit to get basic things working - of which i'd be happy to help you sort out given the time. maybe.As much as some of the glaring issues are, I still find the game fun. The core gameplay is very solid and it feels great to play. Online it feels great, when the other player isn't teleporting all over the place lol (and hoping you're not teleporting to them. whoo~)--Pros: 1.Rollback netcode.2. Local like online.3. Feels very tight and easy to pick up.4. Everything can be earned in game (besides DLC cosmetics).5. PS4/PC crossplay - don't feel discouraged to get the PC version. Theres a strong playerbase. Do not take steam count as its player count.--Cons: 1.Rollback netcode. Many people turned into dhalsim and maybe you too.2. Multiple places (easy to do) to edit config files. Google is your friend (or friends that already did it.)3. Fight money is a bit slow to earn if you don't know how to do it. (yay google)--somewhere in between: 1. iffy matchmaking. Not saying its perfect but this one tends to throw a bone more often than not against you. The fact the matchmaking uses a Relay server matching or P2P depending on the connection quality is also iffy. If you see two points connected to a square on loading, thats relay. Prepare for the apocalypse!2. Content pricing: everything revolves around fight money unfortunately. even tags. its all pretty pricey for what it is, most expensive being the characters followed by stages (characters have strong single player content returns on fight money.)Depsite all that bad its still very much a good game in its own right. I recommend it BUT WITH A WORD OF WARNING. Do not go in expecting it to be perfect, expect to toy with settings."
,Recommended,310950,28936192,Posted: 2 January,all,mong ji,"best game ni. sape beli add la ak, main same2"
,Not Recommended,310950,21258677,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,meatsquasher,"Buggy, barebones, terrible launch.  Should have waited until June."
,Not Recommended,310950,21247968,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,cait,"The game is fun in offline versus mode, and if that's all you plan to play, then I do recommend it.  The gameplay is solid, and the framerate feels smooth.However, anything that requires online mode is pretty much broken right now...constant disconnects, and extremely slow server response time if you can actually stay connected.  There's also a general lack of polish.  The store and arcade mode 3-round AI fights are missing.  Configuration options are minimal. (no benchmark to make sure your settings allow a full 60 fps, no option in versus mode to hold start for pause, only player 1 can choose to return to character select in versus mode, etc.)  Training mode options are unintuitive, and the shortcuts using RS are sluggish in taking effect.  The tutorial is terrible.I'll be happy to change my rating when Capcom irons out all the wrinkles, but in its current state, it still feels like a beta.Update: Server performance has improved significantly.  I still get occasional disconnects, but it's definitely playable now."
76561198073124546,Not Recommended,310950,21249879,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,posthoc,"No directinput supportNo built-in benchmarking tool, not even a FPS display optionNo option to turn off vsync in gameIn short this game feels highly unfinished, it would be less misleading if it had an ""early access"" tag"
,Not Recommended,310950,21258659,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,cb,Not impressed.  I don't like the gauging an extra $30 to get the other third of the roster.  Can't believe there is no standard 2 out of 3 falls arcade mode.  We gotta pay extra to get that too?No way to assign controllers to player 1 or 2.  This sucks since I have an arcade cabinet and this game assigned my player 1 & 2 controls backwards.Real shame since the actual gameplay is quite good.  I'd recommend waiting a year for a game of the year edition when all the missing components are added.
,Not Recommended,310950,21258751,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Cymen,"EDIT: Months down the line, keyboard rebinding is still not supported and the same goes for direct input devices.The game now offers a proper cinematic story. However, it is poorly written and makes no sense. If you want to know more about the ""story"", check out this reviewhttps://www.destructoid.com/review-street-fighter-v-a-shadow-falls-372863.phtmlOriginal review:The game currently offers terrible value.They delayed the story mode of the game to summer and the character-stories that are in the game last 5 minutes each with ca. 3 fights and a few still-images. Seriously. There is currently no arcade mode. Or challenges. The tutorial is nothing but a button-check and explains nothing about the mechanics of the game. The movelists do not list any framedata and do not mention all properties of a move (such as armor or projectile invincibility).The game also lacks polish. You can see glaring clipping problems with almost every model. Hair and chainst go through their own body. The game is not well optimized and you need to edit .ini files to tweak the game properly. There are no advanced graphics options. NO REBINDABLE KEYS! The game also does not support all peripherals that it should and even for PC fightsticks, you may need to install a work-around. The main menu is also a joke. There is tons of dead space and 20% of the actual menu is taken up by an image. If you are using a controller, you have to make your way around that image to get to the option you want. You cannot spontanuously decide which character to pick, you have to pick it beroe even starting the match-search.If you can see past all of that and only care for online, the game has some terrible disconnection problems currently. The worst part of that is that you can't even waste your time with the story mode because you won't be able to earn fightmoney, the in-game currency while offline. So you lose out on currency which you could later spend on characters. Oh, the online store is also still unavailable.IF you can connect to the server, you won't be happy with the lobby system which currently only supports 2 players, making a lobby almost pointless.The downtime between matches is way too long. When it finds a game, you will be taken through SEVERAL loading screens, from the overly long ""Match Found"" to black to the character select (where won't selevt your fighter, you need to do that in the menu beforehand lol) to white and THEN to the match. After the match, you have to watch an animation and then wait for every point to be added to each profile. Then black, then back to the menu. It is insane.Now, for those who keep bringing up the argument that we should ignore offline content and not expect a story from a fighting game, please check the other games of the genre released within the last few years.MKX may have been a disappointment in many respects but it still has tons of content. Hours of cinematic story, daily/weekly/monthly towers with unique modifiers, the crypt, arcade, challenges like Test Your Might and party modes like Test Your Luck.It even had more online modes like King of the Hill.Guilty Gear Xrd has an expansive tutorial which does not only explain buttons and the basics of fighting games but teaches you every mechanic in the game. It even introduces option selects in the tutorial. That game also has tons of offline content such as a story for every character AND a story-mode. It also has Trials etc.Fanboys will say ""But SFV will build up on this!""Killer Instinct which will also come to PC with crossplatform play released with little content initially BUT it didn't ask for full price, it was only 20 bucks! And that game fullfilled that promise later on with a MUCH lower investment on the consumer side.At this stage of the game's lifespan, I CANNOT recommend it. At all. If offers virtually nothing for the full pricetag and it is obvious Capcop rushed this game out so it will be present for Capcom Cup.They shipped an incomplete game and want to make you believe that we should be thankful the rest will be free. We already payed for all that content, they simply delayed it and shipped an Early Access version of the full game."
76561198044156436,Recommended,310950,28933221,Posted: 2 January,all,ƶ ’ MuRdaa ' ƶ,OP OP
,Not Recommended,310950,33375032,Posted: 8 July,all,Σnvy,"If you are a new player in the fighting game genre you can start with this, but if you are an old fan i recommend learning tekken.Things broken in this game:No keyboard bind. (you promised this♥♥♥♥♥♥capcom)Horrible performance, even with the recommended hardware. (the game barely uses your gpu).Playstation players are actually cancer to play with.You have to grind for characters on a AAA game.Juri rework is stupid, also she's fatGuile isn't made for this game, he is a impenetrable wall, he has too many defensive options. Remember that stupid match of Ryu x Chun-li when the game was first demoed on stage? Chun-li throwing stupid amounts of fireballs on screen? they gave that to Guile.""The guy who created Boxer is ret4rded"" - Bonchan 2017Remember Yun? He's Urien now, stop b1tching and learn the matchup."
76561198042054700,Not Recommended,310950,21270921,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Gatemoon,"* Online playThe netcode is really good! Getting a match with a random player (casual or ranked) is better than Street fighter IV as you can choose to automatically enter a match only if it has a high quality connection! A well needed feature that we never got for Street Fighter IV. But the wait time in between matches are really bad. They need to cut introduction segments like ""Here comes a new challenger!"" if that somehow slows down loading time. Or pausing the searching for games feature as soon as you move into settings in training mode. A paus feature in those menu's would be a much better design choice.* Story mode is not finished.You can't set the difficulty, there's no challenge at all and only between 3-5 matches per character.  There's no animation to convey the story and the still images feel lackluster, rushed and more like a proof of conscept than something usable in a release title. There are lots of cheap fan artists around that are really good. There's no good reason not to hire those people. However, this game should not be bought for it's story mode, so it shouldn't be a deal breaker even if it's very lackluster. Also, they are going to add more to this mode later on.* Survival modeThis is the only mode that's worth playing singleplayer. The game mode itself is quite nice. The only bad design choice is that if you choose the hardest difficulty, you still have to fight super easy opponents the first 20-40 matches. Other than that, it's quite nice.* Some joysticks does not work and you can't remap the keys.My Street Fighter Tournament Arcade Stick does not work. I had to make a workaround by remapping the button with the third party software JoyToKey.* Game crashesIf you experience a complete crash to windows every 15 minutes, make sure you don't have a wacom tablet connected. After it's removal it hasn't crashed once.Gameplay:* Inputs are easier that SF4No more 1 frame combos.* Less comeback mechanicsIf you played good until the end there's no risk of your opponent getting lucky with a random ultra like SF4.* It's less rewarding to do random risky moves.The game overall forces you to learn footsies as it does not reward you with high risk high reward random moves.Compared to Street Fighter IV:It's hard to say at this point how good it is compared to SF4. It's different. The core gameplay seems great but question is how deep the skill level is. It's defenetly not bad and it might be quite deep once we get to know the game and after a bit of tweaking from the developers.Street Fighter V feels like an early access indy title but I guess Capcom is to proud of a company to put that tag on their game. It probably would benefit them though as people would be more willing to check back later to see if it's better than before.Conclusion:The core gameplay is ok. There are lots of other great fighting games on steam that give you a lot more for your money than this one, so I can't really recommend it unless you're a Street Fighter player who want's something new."
76561198107809392,Recommended,310950,21270252,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Breezy,Great game love the multiplayer
,Recommended,310950,21270555,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,GoblinPunch,"Pretty much every online game has server issues the first day/weekend.  No exceptions here.Other than that, I am having a blast playing.I didn't buy this for a single player mode, so am not concerned, or have ever been concerned with, a story mode.  I grew up in the arcades and we never had them, if it's not broke, why fix it.modes such as First to # are available, which is cool.I have not had any disconnects or troubles finding a match.I look forward to the rest of the game, in March as I understand that this needed to be released for tournaments.:steamhappy:"
76561198021664376,Recommended,310950,24107410,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Myfaceisasadface,.
76561198007451820,Not Recommended,310950,21416606,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,paradox.,"First game in over 4 years that i've pre order and spend over 40 dollars to buy. Really enjoyed USF4 and had heaps of fun playing in lobbies with mates. Since owning SFV since its release date i still have only played 1 online match because it took 1 hour to find another player, have not been able to use battle lounge at all and have been stuck with basically an offline copy of a game which thrives in multiplayer. I can't play with my friends, i can't practice efficientley without online and there is no trials either so i can't really practice offline. Also i beat the whole story mode in under 3 hours of playing then tried some survival and that was boring as hell and gave me no benefits to my SFV abilities or learnt anything. That game mechanics are great i'll give capcom that but i just WANT TO BE ABLE TO PLAY ONLINE!"
,Recommended,310950,22004718,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Claus,"While this game is very much in a ""Early Access"" stage still, it runs very smoothly and plays perfectly, if it's the fighting you're looking for, you have it here, my online experience has been great so far except for the occasional rollback, and the couch versus experience is unrivaled, if you're looking for extras, more characters and single player modes, you'll need to wait a lot.Also I'd recommend an arcade stick, it just plays much better with one."
76561198111530263,Not Recommended,310950,21247286,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Pizzamonkey,"If you want to jump straight into the multiplayer as soon as you get the game and don't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about single player content go ahead and get it. Although you're going to need joytokey if you're using stick. I've had pretty bad frame drops (even while standing still in the training stage) and my game tends to crash every 10-15 minutes or so. Although that's probably a me problem. I'm using an Asus with 12 gigs of ram, i7 (yes I know not optimal for fighting games), and a NVIDIA 940m graphics card. As a long time Street Fighter fan, I really want to like this game, but as of now, for the lack of base content such as the challenge mode, cinematic story, and store (which you need to buy the story mode alternates) I would say keep your money. If people were to read this review after about 6 months of this review then the story would be different. As of 2/16/16 I would not recommend Street Fighter V, and it pains me to say that."
76561197998938615,Recommended,310950,21866749,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,U Had Me @ T7,Great game
,Not Recommended,310950,21300189,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,DJ Chac,"Online play is completely broken, and it's missing obvious features that have been in fighting games for more than two decades.It's like Peter Molyneux made a fighting game and had High Voltage  test it."
,Not Recommended,310950,21288089,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Zerothedarkmage,It's going so slow to the point that I can hear what the characters say loud and clear but it's about a 2 minute delay on the movements and animation
,Recommended,310950,24378085,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Jason,"solid fighter, I like iteven though my previous review was a little salty due to no arcade modeI think this is worth picking up, I also recomend using the forums to find players atthe same skill level as you to play with, once you find guys like that you will be hooked"
,Recommended,310950,24018994,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SadWeebLoser,"Despite all the lukewarm comments I heard about the launch of SFV, I decided to pick it up at full price somewhere around release. Usually I don't play fighting games more than over a few beers with whoever visits me so the lack of single-player content really didn't bother me. I've played this in local versus mode as well as a few games online every now and then and I have to say I'm completely satisfied with my purchase. Living in alcohol tax hell, the 60 euro or whatever I payed for it is less than the beer I drank while playing it, even at this casual level. Overall, much better value of my money than getting drunk three weekends in a row, trying to strangle the snake but failing due to the amount of ethanol in my blood and then crying myself to sleep like I would otherwise have spent this money."
,Recommended,310950,24014100,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Stooge,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,310950,24091164,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,NM Armex,This game is absolutley amazing ! at first i had thoughts of not getting this game but the game was on sale so i decided to get it. Ignore all the bad reviews there constantly adding new content too the game. they recently just added a story mode and 2 new character. Practicing tech and Mechanics with your favorite characters is a blast.So what are you waiting for buy the dam game already!
,Recommended,310950,24011287,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,wasserglas,"If you like fighting games or want to get into them then Street Fighter V is a must buy. With the july update the game feels almost complete now.With a wide variety of characters and stages, and even more to come in the future, everyone that wants to play should find a character that suits his style.On a personal note:I think the game is awesome."
,Recommended,310950,24082001,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,andros,"So after the big July update, here are all the things you need to know before buying SFV:PROs:- Ibuki and Balrog were added, increasing the roster size to 20 characters.- Cinematic story mode was added, providing more content for the people that wantedsingle player stuff.- Juri and Urien are playable in the story mode.- Juri is hot.- The game previously had numerous issues on my machine, now it runs way better, mightbe the case for you as well.CONs:- Capcom released an incomplete game that now is nearing a state similar to completion,but things like an arcade mode are still missing.- Still no support for sticks such as the Hori RAP 4 Kai, annoying third party programsstill needed.- The heart of the game still lies in the multiplayer, so if you are not a fan of that,please stay away.- Ibuki's face sometimes looks weird.- Ken's battle costume is an abomination.If you have been a fan of the SF series in the past (like me) and can see past the issues itstill has, I recommend it. If you still have doubts, just wait it out."
,Recommended,310950,24089043,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Caja,"Street Fighter V Story Mode drinking game! How to play (SPOILERS!):One drink every time Chun-Li is about to do something but someone else doesn't let her and does it for her.One drink every time Fang dies.One drink every time the ancient, undefeatable, soul-devouring warrior Necalli fails to devour a fighter's soul.One drink every time Rashid gets ignored.One drink for every cameo of any character from other Street Fighter games.One drink every time Bison (dictator) laughs.One drink for every slow-mo situation.Happy drinking!"
,Recommended,310950,24014237,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Orangemarmalade,"is good, hate is unjustified at this point, cool thing to do at schoo lis hating on street fighter 5"
,Not Recommended,310950,30146785,Posted: 24 February,all,T U N N E L_C,"Theres plenty reviews why the game needs improvement read other commentshow this game ranks imo in street fighter seriesStreet Fighter III: 3rd strike > Ultra Street Fighter IV >  Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo/ X > Street Fighter Alpha/Zero series > Street Fighter V > Street Fighter Ex seriesBuy it if your die hard SF fan, If your Fighting Fan in General Skip this"
76561198116067923,Recommended,310950,23921976,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Noname1232,"Not that I have anything to say that hasn't already been said... What the game offers is pretty good, and when other customary modes come along (for free), this game will be awesome."
,Recommended,310950,24011291,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,blohm616,we E-sports now
,Recommended,310950,22918784,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Spinister,Game is fun!
76561198077111485,Recommended,310950,22698903,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Volaan,"Game is tons of fun soundtrack is great. Capcom is trying something new with online servers only, good idea but til has some bugs as this is their first attempt at this new approach. with new character and free updates SFV is gonna be a game around for a few years. This one is a long term investment and is worth the money.I also like that they will add characters based on fan demand over time."
,Not Recommended,310950,21442857,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,dreaM,"I can describe Street Fighter V with one word: laziness.I been playing Street Fighter 2,3 and 4 quite a lot. Especially 4 was a long time favorite for about 5 years, andi had great experiences with that brilliant game. Unlike Street Fighter V, it was a complete game for me.Crapcom wanted to bring ""THE"" Fighting Game, which was considered to be a long timer like Street Fighter IV was.By its current state, I think that even a game like Shaq Fu would do better.Lets start off by mentioning the ""Story"" mode.The story mode is one of the perfect examples of crampcom being lazy as ♥♥♥♥.There are 3 enemys for each character, and some pictures related to their story. I mean Capcom,I know you focused on the Game itself and not on the Story, but atleast show that you tried.For anyone who enjoyed playing Arcade in SFIV, you wont be enjoying this.The worst of the game is the ""Survival"" mode.I mean, this mode is just pure cancer. You have to put a ton of time into playing against the AIopponent you can crush easily, and get colours for each character that depend on the difficulty you play.If you want to know more about this crazy fun mode read some other reviews, I am not in the mood to describethis mode. Its just a punch to the face to any Street Fighter Fan.Instead of allowing the Ranked Match Lobbys like in SFIV, you now have to configure your ""Battle Settings""with your favorite Character, Stage and so on. I mean Capcom wtf. Who of you guys came up with this great ideaof leaving the Lobbys behind us and replace them for this♥♥♥♥♥♥system?Gotta say i had no laggs though. BUT about 5 times of playing 15 games, the Server wont send any results of my matches and I didnt get any points whatsoever..Lets go on with the bad things, for me personally I think the combos are way to flat and boring.Comparing it to the Combo System in SFIV is a joke, I mean i understand that it was made to get new playersto play the game better but seriously, I feel like every character has like 2-3 Combos. The V-Trigger combosaren't interesting for me at all. You arent even able to link a cr. lp to a cr. mp, which has been completely normalin SFIV but in SFV you can't. I dont see the logic here. FADC Combos in SFIV really showed off your skill, and madethe Game quite interesting. That is not the case here.All in all, dont buy this game at its current statethank you crampcom for messing up a long awaited game everyone was absolutely hyped about."
,Not Recommended,310950,21557451,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Jacket,"Love the game, but its not worth 60$ in its current state."
,Recommended,310950,22511087,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,イタリアン シエフ,This game may cause outbursts of rage and salt.Shoutout to smug
,Recommended,310950,22656961,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,mindblaster42,kame kame
,Recommended,310950,22732322,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Stat1x,"Decent gameplay, but almost unplayable online"
76561198085478829,Recommended,310950,22748296,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,draygonninja,"I was a little (ok more than a little)♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with the intial launch of the game I know why it came out early but looking at it from just a game stand point for us casuals that just wanna play without all the tournement hype this game is a barte bones with a sorry excuse for a story or lack their of, it doesnt even have a arcade mode that being said IF YOU WANT THE FULL TANG WAIT TILL THE JUNE UPDATE (when it was supposed to be released) to pick it up. The update is suppose to bring in alot of the ""core"" features a fighting game nowdays should have i.e full cinematic story mode, arcade, zenny system preimium costumes as well as new characters so far the first wave is 5 characters 1 per month as well as new stagesAlso I nor my friend has had any issue with our  joystick/fightpad being supported: As tested Qunba fuison Sythesis/ Q2 Glow Madcatz SFxTK anniversary Pro SFxTK fightpad Razer Atrox hope it helps"
,Recommended,310950,22796447,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Janrabbit,"SFV is amazing. Well balanced, awesome character design with the new V system and all of the fighting goodness you have come to expect from the series.If you are in it just for the story/single player content, wait till June when the story is released (for free) as currently its quite limited with just survival (god awful) and trials.Multiplayer is amazing although i have had non stop issues with battle lounges. This seems to be being improved by devs though so should be resolved fairly soon (hopefully).Overall - get it if you love street fighter or want to try street fighter."
,Recommended,310950,22801958,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,3InchesOfTerror,bounced on my boy's♥♥♥♥♥♥to this for hours would've been longer if the server wouldn't crash all the time.anyway buy the game for just 13 bucks for this game someplace else its not worth 60 bucks-(_)_):::::::D 3InchesOfTerror
76561198249986750,Recommended,310950,22855715,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,cloneoffett,"the gameplay is fairly stable, the matchmaking seems to have less rollback then it did at launch. And to boot they are releasing stuff on time. for the most part capcom are doing a good job at recovering from the abyssmal launch and the game is showing it."
,Recommended,310950,23077062,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,recrm,"So here's the deal. The game is getting better. The netcode is a million times better than it was at launch and right now far exceeds anything the sf4 netcode was ever capable of. As has been said a thousand times before, the competitive portion of the game itself is incredibly solid. There is a very good reason why this game is shattering attendance records at tournaments and events. The game is good, period.So.... should you buy it?If you like street fighter already, yes. If you want to get into competitive fighting games, also yes. However, outside of those two demographs there really isn't that much reason to pay the entry fee. Unlike blizzard games, or most mobas, street fighter is missing a compelling universe. If your into fantasy, story, characters, collecting stuff, or just about anything outside of winning there really isn't much here. People might say that sf4 is better in this respect, but they are wrong. Arcade mode is really the only thing that seperates the two in terms content beyond competition, and sfv just decided to split all the arcade mode content into two (significantly less interesting) forms.So the main weakness in street fighter v is the same weakness in the entire series. If you like street fighter you will love this game, if you don't like street fighter then this game will not change your mind: at least for now. Capcom has a reputation for long term support and multiple re-releases. So when the game is inevitably re released under a new name (as a free content update, that’s a promise the community would never forgive if broken), maybe then it will be worth a second look."
76561197969450411,Recommended,310950,23091872,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Bo Gruins,this game is fun
,Recommended,310950,21609590,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,[$B] BasedGod,Its all good now
76561197999757802,Not Recommended,310950,33106256,Posted: 1 July,all,Maximillion Pegasus,"At over 70 hours, I think it's fair to say that I've played enough to really put my thoughts down on this game. Here we are over a year later, and the game still feels unfinished. The majority of my play time was put into survival mode not because it was addicting, but because it was necessary, for a time, to unlock different character colors. This was not fun, and was a horrible slog of out cheesing the AI only for Birdie or Bison to just ruin your day in the last couple of matches with a lucky opener.The DLC practices are disgusting. Capcom's promise of everything being unlockable in-game was shattered pretty close to immediately when they decided they weren't making enough due to poor sales. With the DLC, the rootkit, and the general ire shown towards their casual fans, I cannot recommend this game to anyone at full price. The game has been a mess from start to finish."
,Not Recommended,310950,33113742,Posted: 1 July,all,xoptoss,Still cant rebind keyboards
,Not Recommended,310950,29018043,Posted: 4 January,all,Khronus,"Dumbed down game, netcode issues, game feels sluggish and unresponsive, used to have a rootkit. Maybe it will be good in the future but right now usf4 is better."
76561197994260841,Recommended,310950,33119398,Posted: 2 July,all,Death Message,"The game engine is solid and stable, but I must admit that I was very fond of Ultra Street fighter 4, which right now would be the definitive Street Fighter game, in my opinion. However, SFV does add some nice new features to the series, like V Skills.The main issue with SFV is that Capcom has fallen for the familiar DLC con of making you pay for the slightest addition. Yes, you can earn in-game fight money to get around this, but unlike other Street Fighter games, it's nigh on impossible to unlock everything without paying cash. Also, certain costumes must be paid for, irrespective of how much fight money you earn.The lack of an arcade mode is possibly the worst part about this game, and this is simply unacceptable for a product in this genre. Survival mode is a poor substitute that is, frankly, rather annoying.There's rumblings of a super version of this game being a free patch, and this could allow Capcom to rectify many of these criticisms. Until then, I still think that this is an enjoyable game that could have been much better if Capcom had only been more generous with content."
76561198038326779,Not Recommended,310950,28930060,Posted: 1 January,all,Patcy,buy guilty gear
,Recommended,310950,21430739,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,tharimrattler,"This game is fantastic. Capcom managed to make it rewarding to vets, while making some tweaks to make it easier for new players. Overall this is a rock solid product, and instantly one of the best fighting games out there.Punching and kicking people in the face has never been more satisfying. Street Fighter V feels like an expansion to the Alpha series. Alpha counter is back, powerful level 3 supers are as potent as ever, EX moves feel like Level 1 supers, big counter hit juggles and combos are a core part of the gameplay, and much of the cast got their start in Street Fighter Alpha.The V gauge system is a welcome change and adds nice variety. This bar governs your ability to alpha counter (aka V Reversal) and V Trigger. You must choose which to use your bar for, which adds a nice layer to the game. Activating V Trigger will spend your whole bar and you cannot V Reversal. Alternatively V Reversal costs 1 chunk of V bar so you cannot activate V Trigger. Offence or Defense, it's your choice.Many things are just like you'd expect in a street fighter game. The low/overhead/throw mixup game is present, along with things like Trip Guard, Negative Edge, pianoing, frame traps, etc. However, a few key changes were made that players will need to be aware of. Super Grabs can combo. That's right, Zangief can headbutt you and hit confirm into grab super. You cannot die from block damage (except supers!), you take white recoverable damage from blocking medium or hard attacks, and alpha counters can be baited and grabbed with fast recovering attacks.Currently you can play training mode ( which has lots of tools for creating situations you would want to reproduce), VS mode, story, survival, and a few online modes. The game has cross platform matchmaking PC to PS4 which hasn't been done before. Capcom is still making improvements on the infrastructure of the online platform, and they are being very transparent about that via @SFVServer which is great. My overall experience so far has been positive. Many online matches feel very smooth, and things are only getting better.A couple of things I'd personally like are to make ranked matches 2/3 and allow player 2 to rematch between matches. Overall those are small complaints though, and this game is a lot of fun. I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,310950,21437656,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,dusty bottoms52,is the game fun... yesis the game user firendly.... yesis the game a full game....♥♥♥♥♥NOi like the game so far but dont buy it yet wait tell at least march only buy it if you plan to just play ranked
,Not Recommended,310950,31176535,Posted: 16 April,all,Midknight Battler,"The amount of characters, the terrible story. The cartoonish graphics althought might be nice at times, but for the price and the amount of time required to get the fight money to unlock everything, forget it. Its DLC garbage, even if you want to unlock everything, you will get bored at the amount of characters they have, very low content.The game is full of goofy characters, very mediocre story, a lot of unlikable characters and useless characters like Necali and Fang. Huge potential going down the drain. Dont play this game, its just hype nonsense, no connection to the previous story, Capcom doesnt give a damn about this characters, this game is just full of clowns with no character developement.There is only one character they developed and that is Rashid, and they killed off a good character like Charlie and Necali. This game is a joke and♥♥♥♥♥Capcom for their stupid overpriced DLC practices and their Multiplayer doesnt even work.Summary-Get bored very quick-Stupid DLCs-Takes forever to unlock everything-Stupid story-Stupid characters-Just play this game for the nude mode-Buy it when the price drops 10 dollars-Let this franchise die and send Capcom a message to♥♥♥♥♥themselves."
76561198018807856,Not Recommended,310950,33393549,Posted: 8 July,all,DaRealz,"Plugged it my laptop to output to my TV, but for some reason sound just doesnt work. Looked it up online and its a common problem thats been going on since last year... sound driver compatability isnt an issue with any other game out there, yet it is with this game. very disapointed. If I knew the company cared so little about their game that its been a year and they still havent patched sound into the game I would never have bought this wreck. 0/10 sitting here obsessing over trying to fix this broken piece of crap instead of playing it with the little free time I have."
76561197964553890,Recommended,310950,21286815,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Flo,"Even though the servers are crashing like hell right now, I'm gonna take this as a 1st day norm for all current games (cf. : Bloodborne) .Now let see the pros :-Nice Gameplay (V-Skills & V-Triggers give a more unique feel to each characters)-Good Graphics (Fortunately, I want to say)-Awesome Soundtrack (Claw Theme, 'nuff said)And for the cons :-A few bugs (You cannot play with an active graphic tablet, the virtual keyboard is what ♥♥♥♥s it up, still if you try it you won't be able to play more than 5 minutes)-The current servers (Do not expect to play this game in online ranked match right now, you can't)"
76561197969416904,Not Recommended,310950,31191940,Posted: 16 April,all,Slow Down,"Gameplay Issues:Popular characters are missing, with no hint of them coming back.Can't chat with other players.Missing core game modes and content, such as an arcade mode (or equivalent).Promised content remains unreleased months or even a year after being announced (extra battle, Alex and Ibuki nostalgia costumes).Alternate colors locked behind Survival mode, and color packs that are bought with limited fight money.Balance issues remain despite putting several months between patches.Technical Issues:Laggy online with one sided rollback.Doesn't launch without adding exceptions to antivirus programs.Poor optimization, leading to random frame drops and long load times.Crashes periodically if you are using tablets or touch devices.Quality of Life Issues:No functioning news/announcements to inform players about upcoming tournaments, patches and server maintenance.Store is poorly organized, with no way to preview items ingame before you buy them.Barebones tutorial and limited demonstrations fail to explain core concepts of Street Fighter and fighting games.Frame data and other technical information unavailable ingame.Miscellaneous:Developers remain unresponsive to community concerns. In some cases, outright dismissive (see: left behind meme).capcom.sysPremium content is slow to be added, and there are no sales to encourage purchase of old content."
,Not Recommended,310950,31192219,Posted: 16 April,all,LoyalSoldier,"Season 2 of SF5 has been a clustered mess of absolutely poor balance choices and it has pretty much created a game that is absolutely frustrating to play.   Poor balancing, low skill high reward nonsense, bad online, little to no content, scalping DLC, and just overall poor design."
,Not Recommended,310950,22012498,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Grizzlywolf,"Not ready...Maybe one day, but at the time of this writing there are several issues.The main issue is the connectivity. Perhaps if you only do random matches, you will do fine.I have yet to be able to play friend on ps4. (other random ps4 matches just fine though)The game overall feels ""light"" in comparison to other sf games.It really seems reduced to standard attacks, with low frame waste chars being best. (cammy for example)Way too much one hit block/throw situations taking place."
,Recommended,310950,21432381,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,El Señor Feo,"Street Fighter V is as fantastic a fighting game as one could ask for, the fights feel fast paced and the characters are varied and feel unique. The newly added V-Skill and V-Trigger system makes each fight feel exciting and changes the pace from other fighting games.As great as the fighting itself feels the game around the fighting is severely lacking. As it currently stands ( as of 2/24/2016) the game modes are training, a story mode which is far too short and easy and consists of 2 or 3 very easy one round fights with static images and and voice over. The slim roster of 16 seems a bit sparse compared to Street Fighter IV which had 25 at launch.The game also has Ranked and Casual matchmaking and Battle Lounges which currently only hold 2 players and have been not super reliable for even that. The matchmaking however has been super stable with very little laggy matches only one or two of my nearly one hundred matches suffered from lag that made it hard to play.The unfortunate thing is the game itself feels great and I have been loving every moment playing it but without the arcade mode, trials and other modes you usually get in a full release of a fighting game it is hard to recommend for someone who is not a hardcore fan of the series.The march update seems as if it will add some of these missing features  which will hopefully round out what the game offers to people not as familiar with the series.Although I would find it much easier to recommend this game if there was more content in it the stellar improvements over Street Fighter IV and the quality of the actual fighting outshine the rather bare bones package to make it worth your time and money if you are a hardcore Street Fighter fan."
,Recommended,310950,21486810,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Lure,"TLDR: I recommend this game to anyone who is sick of the lack of fighting games on PC.The only other available games are SF4, GGXRD and a bunch of trash like abandonware MKX. SFV is 100% better than other games of the genre even in its current state. And it has a metacritic score lower than that of SF X Tekken. The gamers crowd is sure full of.. very interesting people.I understand that it was released in beta state, this is a mistake by Capcom, because only the serious fighting players needed early access to prepare for tournaments. The correct way would've been to sell it as an early access (however I don't know if early access sales are possible on PS4, and they needed simultaneous launch obviously).Right now the issues with the game are:-the online ranked takes forever to find match and ragequitting is not punished (as of today)-some people find the lack of single player modes disappointing, but those modes will come soonIf they fix online, then the game will be super good.Right now I'm having a blast just playing in training mode vs max difficulty level PC opponent with everything set to ""normal"" (no replenishing bars)."
,Recommended,310950,29985422,Posted: 17 February,all,我是.我会.myth,"It CAN get there. This CAN do what USF4 did. People need to keep playing the game though this ""unfinished"" period. I think Capcom can work a bit harder, but, I believe in this game."
76561198020049486,Not Recommended,310950,33327601,Posted: 6 July,all,XWING,"Okay, first of all before I get into a rant... I gave this game a very decent chance. 34 hours, every game mode, the works!This is leterally the worst fighting game I have ever played:1. Net code is still broken, and take forever to find a match.2. People spamming game imbalances is just unreal. I expected for the game to take a lot of raw talent, but the game is so unbalanced, some people's move sets and switchups just cannot be beat (e.g. Zangiefs throw overiding everyone else in the games throws)3. Story mode absolutely sucked. It took a long wait for it, and every single fight is so easy until you have to fight Bison, at which time the difficulty increases 10X of the other story mode fights.4. Having to ""earn"" in game money to get characters that should be unlockied by playing through the story a few times, is a complete money and time grab. Capcom barely put any characters in this game. C'mon!!!5. Tons of lag switchers making it impossible to win. You'll dominate a round, and tall of a sudden they junk out of you by teleporting everywhere.6. Lag in general is bad.7. Shared League points for all characters, how dumb is this?All in all, I won't be buying another Capcom game until they go back to their roots, and stop trying to squeeze money out of us like a sponge, and producing half baked crap.Thanks for you time."
76561198042289914,Recommended,310950,21418596,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Johnny Lou,"Since the servers issues have been resolved, the game is fun as hell! Okay, there's not much solo mode, but at the end of the day, it's a competive fighting game, and a damn good one that is! If you played SF4 a lot, you will be a bit lost at first (you might get salty a lot during your first matches), but then, every pieces fall into place and form the beautiful mastefurl portrait that this game is"
76561198264204944,Recommended,310950,21714751,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,FleeboDeebo,"Great game, so much fun"
,Not Recommended,310950,35094981,Posted: 20 September,all,Junkhead,"As someone who has been playing fighting games for well over 20 years... this is one of the worst. The number of problems are too many to list. I tried to like this game, but I just cannot recommend it. Every aspect of it is awful. Do not buy this game."
76561197999115114,Recommended,310950,35122153,Posted: 22 September,all,Spectroplasm,"I've been a Street Fighter fan for as long as the game existed. It never gets old for me. Now with Street Fighter's 30th anniversary, and SFV it's been a really fun ride. The game does have it's quirks, especially PC players who were plagued with the dreaded fps drop, but the positives in this game outweigh all of the negatives. There is constant change going on in the game and with each update and server maintenance it gets better and better.I still don't understand why some people hate the game so much, and then again, with every SF version coming out it's a tendency for some people to say the previous game was better, played smoother etc. Street Fighter will be Street Fighter, some will love it some will hate it, but it's undeniable that the game lives up to it's name, the gimmickly simple V system and play is well made to bring in new comers, yet hides a complex play system that will only be made known to those willing enough to spend a good chunk of their time to study it in it's entirety.I'd highly recommend this to anyone who has played previous SF titles or those who are just getting into fighting games. This is still the grand daddy of all fighting games after all."
76561198082574115,Recommended,310950,21312229,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,⎛⎝Velvet Crowe⎠⎞,Gameplay! All I care about and this game has it. The rest of the content kids are crying about not having is coming in march. I'm an adult and can wait just fine for that. Until then I'm totally having fun getting better at the game and actually fighting other players... you know SOOO like what a fighting game is made for! :O Shocking ikr! Who buys a fighting game to play only the CPU anyways!? Certainly not me...
,Recommended,310950,21320223,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Satosa,"Let me start off by saying I highly recommend this game if you're a fan of fighting games. If you're still on the fence I believe I can elaborate as to why this game is getting mixed reviews. People are expecting day 1 amazing netplay, and considering the scale that Street Fighter V is going for, its simply not reasonable to set your hopes so high with it being only 2 or 3 days after release. This game is doing cross-platform play (which VERY few games attempt) with global matchmaking (this cant be simple as other games opt for a region-based service). I recall playing World of Warcraft on opening day... Diablo III on opening day... didn't these Triple-A, 60$ games have problems? or am I trippin? Capcom has been diligently working on the online portions of the game as people provide feedback. They are also working on non-network related issues as well (you can always check with @SFVServer on twitter to see for yourself). As of this writing their last update was 1hr ago (from 9am EST). In any case, I have the utmost confidence that these issues will be resolved with urgency.Currently, we have :- Survival - (easy : 10 fights , normal : 30 fights , hard : 50 fights , hell : 100 fights)these are used to unlock color palette swaps and 2 titles. They are done on a per character basis, and using the points you earn per 1 round fight, you can purchase boosters such as health up , attack up, etc to carry you through the ranks- Training - you go here to 'git gud'.. there are multiple recording slots, the usual attack data read-outs and gauge set-ups. I haven't personally utilized all that training has to offer, but it is more than adequate.- Story - For each character you can do a prologue of sorts, which lets you earn an alternate outfit (however at this time, the outfits are not readily available.. I heard they will be next month due to them still testing their Fight Money).Net-play modes :- Battle Lounge - You make a lobby, invite someone and have at it without points or rank involved (Currently 1v1 only, as I imagine they are still doing testing)- Ranked Match - You battle opponents via matchmaking to gain rank and Fight Money- Casual Match - Like Ranked, this uses matchmaking but rank is not on the line hereSpeaking of Fight Money, capcom has stated that all up-coming content will be unlockable with Fight Money~*angelic music playing* Poverty, rejoice!and finally, the Capcom Fighters Network.. CFN tracks a bunch of stats, and its also where you'll go to view replays, add a fighter to favorites (so you can invite them to your lobby), or possibly plot revenge as you study their weaknesses? lol? :steamsalty:I recommend this game because its solid af, and really puts your fundamentals on blast while offering up new features like V-Skill / Trigger and Crush Counters.. we E-Sports, now~ :D"
,Recommended,310950,21434957,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,KQ,Do you like competitive multiplayer? Buy this game.Were you looking for single player? Don't bother.At this point the disconnect issues are mostly fixed and the controller issues can be pretty easily worked around with third party software (Doesn't excuse the lack of native support but still). If you don't care about single player then this is a 10/10 fighting game.
,Recommended,310950,21257653,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ssbroski,Ignore casuals that are butthurt that the game doesn't have the single player content that they will play for 5 seconds and then never touch again.
,Recommended,310950,30969251,Posted: 5 April,all,Kahmos,"So I've played the series since 09' like many with Street Fighter 4, I played that game competitively in Philadelphia at most of the Big E tournaments, and I play ST, 3S, SFxT, and other fighting games since I started back then, all pretty well.This game is a good fighting game, but I don't recommend this game for everyone, here's why.If you're playing strictly online and you're not living in a populated area, you're going to have a hard time playing. The game does allow you to filter online opponents up to 5 bar connections, but it doesn't allow you to region lock and the filtration system isn't as good as it looks, you will get people up to two bars lower than the setting you get. You might see 5 bars on the screen, but you'll enter the match and they will still lag like a 3 bar. Setting the game to 5 bars also reduces the uptime on matches by a decent amount, where you may wait up to 5 minutes per new opponent online.Another thing to mention that unlike other fighting games, this one in particular is mechanically designed to reward offense rather than neutral game and defense. They implimented a 6.5 input delay for moves in the game, so even if you see many moves coming, when you react the game doesn't register until over a 10th of a second to your input to defend yourself, combine that with common online lag, and the most successful play style for a player to win with online at home is pressure, just constant pressure.To really enjoy this game and fighting games in general you really need to find people to play with offline and sit side by side with them on the same screen. This is the last genre to really do that, unlike our old consoles of the past, maybe Nintendo will keep the side by side gaming style alive, but this is it. You won't enjoy this game unless you learn how to play it well, being able to execute combos given an opportunity is something that comes only from practice, and getting those opportunities only comes with experience.If you're new to the series, this is a great title.It's a blast to play, but if you just mash, you won't really get your moneys worth."
,Not Recommended,310950,24833529,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,LVCSSlacker,"Lets face it... if you're a fan of the series, you're gonna get this game. But for introducing people into the street fighter line... I can't recommend this broken game. Let me start with the good.Good:- Looks pretty decent.- Plays well with fairly solid mechanics- Characters are unlockable with in game currency- Seems Like Street fighter alpha 4 to me in many ways- Decent tutorials, and character introductions.- useable sized roster with a distinct lack of clones- signifigant changes between previous versions of characters.- every character is interesting to me in some way,There's some good here, and I can appreciate that immensely. But on the other side of the coin...Bad:- Loading- graphical glitches in character models- clothing bits and hair pieces do, literally, whatever the hell they want to do. For example, Cammy's pigtails literally spin on her head, Kens hair clips though his body on the character select screen. rashied's hat constnatly flutters about and gets stuck on his model.- loading...- short of playing online constantly, In game currency is pretty hard to come by, and things in the store are really expensive.- background elements aren't even consistant with how many frames of animation they have. In brazil, one guy in the background moves smoothly (roughly 60 FPS), where another one across the screen chops around at 30 FPS. It's jarring, to say the least.- LOADING!- wait times for online matches are stupidly long- there is so much popping around in online matches... holy crap. I swear I've hit with a move, but a fraction of a second later, they blink away, with no damage done.- Character Story mode is lacking and is pretty weaksauce.- No arcade mode. Somewhere you can just go beat up on 8-10 computer controlled opponents and earn fight money- can only use xbox controllers! Yes, there are tools out there to help with that... but it shoudln't need external support for that.-THIS GAME IS NOT A WHOLE GAME! Yes, there's free story DLC... but it should NOT have been DLC. This was rushed out for the competive scene, and it shows.I can't really recommend this game... but I'm still gonna play it to see if I can get what I feel is $40 worth of my money out of it. Thanks for the occasional sale on this. At least it's more fun than Ubisoft's ""The Crew"""
76561197994239677,Not Recommended,310950,21252069,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ForceOfMortality,How is it possible to deliver an unfinished game? I've been cheated. This is a sad sad day for Street Fighter fans.
76561198007905953,Recommended,310950,21394322,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Gerroodie,"This game is super good, it's well optimized and everything. It's just unfortunate that the server is super unstable, and also there's no arcade mode."
,Not Recommended,310950,32382219,Posted: 12 June,all,r e l a x^,"Just awful. This game was released over a year ago and still is a buggy pile.Stuck ""pop ups"" about past challenges and nonsense. The game won't go past them. Have to force close it.Solid system of 2 x 1080's in SLI / Haswell-E / 32GB RAM / Win 10.How the hell does this game not function properly so long after release? Uninstalled."
,Recommended,310950,21648242,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Aceto,"Lets me turn into a bird, 10/10."
,Not Recommended,310950,32718729,Posted: 24 June,all,ChemyG :(,Absolute garbage. Bought this game on PC. The on screen controls are showing u the keys for console. Randomly pressing buttons just to get this♥♥♥♥♥♥started.  Do not waste ur money on this crap. Refund it immediately
76561197961754947,Recommended,310950,21587231,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Cruiser,"A game in it's early ways, but with a solid core. It has everything a fighting game fan would need in 16 very different characters, good balance, solid training mode and netcode that is solid most of the time after the slightly shaky start where the servers where simply overwhelmed.This game is not for people who expect huge amount of singleplayer content as the game is very sparse with it at this point. It will all come along the way for free, so you will not be squeezed out of more money after you put down the initial payment.Personally I'm having a great time and would have paid double the price for the game as it pretty much contains all that I would need from a fighting game as it is right now. Having more being added later on for free is sugar on top."
,Recommended,310950,22702155,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,g u r e i t o,Incredible gameplay wrapped in a good multiplayer client; basically no single-player experience to speak of. The future of fighting games. Lean as hell. Netcode is wonky but the fundaments are excellent. A return to form for the peak franchise of the genre.
,Not Recommended,310950,21271805,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Arekousu,"As of right now this game is not worth buying, ""barebones"" doesn't even begin to describe this launch and some of the changes are highly questionable. There are some issues that have easy fixes, adding more modes such as arcade and trial, having an option to turn backgrounds off, etc. but there are also some issues that require fixes that we are either not likely to see, or not likely to see in the foreseeable future, for example any characters that were previously charge characters with the exception of Bison are now using shota-style inputs, which unfortunately translates to most characters are using QCFs and generally feeling the same when charge characters used to add variety and diversity to the game's control scheme.I'm sure in 6 months we won't even remember the shaky start, there's a lot of potential here but I'm afraid we'll have to play the waiting game to play the true game. Right now you should just play USF4."
76561198062295842,Not Recommended,310950,21271266,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,min,"The online connection is absolutely useless which is pretty much the only thing you need to play since there isn't any offline content. When you do manage to get 1/10 games working, its excrutiatingly slow! Slow menus, slow load times, more slow menus tallying points... you spend more time loading than playing and sadly I'm not exaggerating. Why a game dev would think people enjoy looking at menus is beyond my comprehension. This game is not worth buying in it's current state. Shame on you Capcom."
76561198005590850,Not Recommended,310950,31174676,Posted: 16 April,all,CHINGA TU MADRE,"Capcom tricks people into buying this game through its esports scene while completely ignoring how completely, and utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥the online lag and servers are.Impossible to learn anything online with the game rolling back inputs/moves while your opponent with a 5 bar connection teleports from one end of the screen to the other.10/10 complete trash game"
76561198022886096,Not Recommended,310950,22554663,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Proleg,"Horrible game, mostly because of the fact that i can't even play it.Whenever i try to start up the game, it comes up with the issue ""Gameplay will continue offline, please login from the menu"", and guess what? That doesn't work. It hasn't worked for a couple of months now, and until this issue is resolved, i suggest that you should not buy this game.You might be wondering, what do I need online for? To get new characters, play with actual people and friends, etc."
,Recommended,310950,34340183,Posted: 18 August,all,Dank Buddha,"This game is like an abusive spouse. It just keeps beating you and screaming at your kids and telling you that it's gonna leave you for a younger, prettier gamer and then takes you to bed whether you like it or not and then spits in your face and leaves to get drunk and then takes a big♥♥♥♥♥♥on your bed but you keep coming back to them because you're dumb or something."
76561198040835722,Recommended,310950,30433729,Posted: 10 March,all,Stock,"Rough around the edges, yet still one of the most popular and approachable fighting game on PC.  Cross-Play with PlayStation players seems to keep the online matchmatching quick and varied (hopefully ensuring a long tail life).  Familiar Street Fighter game-play mechanics aren't too complicated for lapsed players, although frame-data and combo excution can be a bit daunting.  The technical short-comings are disappointing, namely lengthy load times, clunky menus, and numerous omissions in PC graphical settings department.Despite the botched launch and technical problems, SFV remains a worthwhile investment due to the fun, deep gameplay and large player base (for a niche genre)."
76561198203622980,Recommended,310950,30459794,Posted: 11 March,all,Insylo,"I lot of people hate on this game, but when you get down to it. This game is for people that want to play competitive fighting games. This game isn't for everyone as these kind of games take a while to get the real enjoymentit deserves. As far a the game itself goes its a bit lackluster, but for someone who plays competitively, the cast is balanced, new characters are solid, capcom puts a lot of money into their tournaments, and its a lot more friendly to newer players compared to street fighter 4.Overall if you like fighting games, or you want to learn how to play them well/ go to tournaments etc. This is a good game to play."
76561198193314975,Recommended,310950,30907755,Posted: 2 April,all,Inconsequential Truth,"Contrary to the mass amount of hate this game is recieving, the game is very well polished now, I have had almost non existent issues with connectivity or lag, and the inputs are supported on almost any controller around, if you like fighting games this game is awesome, I will be playing this game a lot."
76561198369042534,Recommended,310950,30187097,Posted: 25 February,all,zeketheotaku,A lot of the controls don't seemed to have changed all that much which makes me happy.
76561197978034385,Not Recommended,310950,31073026,Posted: 10 April,all,Saikyo-Kick,"As a long time fan of the Street Fighter series it pains me to write this review. I have played this game off and on since the beta over one year ago. I kept coming back to it because I was bound and determined to like this game, I really, really wanted to. I have uninstalled the game for the last time tonight and am writing what I knew deep down since I first played the game but was scared to admit. Street Fighter 5 as a whole is a terrible game.It started with the horrid launch. It was completely devoid of the charm and personality of past entries in the series. Gone are the cool menu transitions and arcadish look as a whole which many people including myself loved about SF games in the past. No story mode essentially, no arcade mode, no trials, just online play and a training mode. I just didn't feel excited to play the game and felt like I was still playing the beta. Then there's the actual gameplay. Forget about everything you knew about Street Fighter in the past as pretty much none of that will help you here. Were you good at Street Fighter 4? Those 7 years of grinding will bring you little to no success in this game. This is a new fighting game experience and in my opinion it just isn't as fun. Basically it's a game of waiting until you have frame advantage and hoping for the best.  The game is ALL about offense, offense, offense and punishes you horribly if you even think about not charging at your opponent like a kamikaze. This in my opinion makes the game extremely shallow and one dimentional. The new mechanics are also pretty bland and unexciting. The V-trigger is not much more than a combo extender and recovery frame canceller. The V system is dull and uninspired and makes me yearn for the focus system from SF4. The graphics overall are a bit worse than SF4 in my opinion and the character models look weird and awkward most of the time(those hands and feet smh). Again this is my opinion and a lot of people might like the new look.And now the granddaddy reason why the game is so bad. The online play is absolutely terrible!! The thing about this that really bothers me is that there's absolutely nothing wroing with the netcode or whatever you want to call it. The problem is the matchmaking system. Capcom wants to make sure everyone in the world will play the game and have people to play against at all times. Sounds fair enough right? Well the problem is that Capcom lies to you and matches you up with people on the other side of the planet regardless of what you set your opponent connection requirements to. I would have mine set to 5 bars only and every other match is against someone from another continent and the whole match is a hot mess. The only way to get around this is to only play against friends in a player match lobby where the connection is always perfect. The problem for me is I like to play in ranked mode as do most other players.Despite the fact that I don't like the gameplay as much as SF4 I still find the game somewhat fun when I play against someone with a perfect connection in my region but that is very rare and not worth the frustrating experience that occurs most of the time. There's a reason this game has sold so poorly and I only hope Capcom learns from this failure and redeems themselves with SF6. Fingers crossed!"
76561198127602821,Recommended,310950,31164055,Posted: 15 April,all,LeoRafer,"Pros:* The game is complete now * Good for casual players* * Good for hardcore players * Capcom is listening to pros and to the comunity to make the game changes.Cons:* New chars are add one by one. That requires rebalancing everytime. * Season 'X' you may have the best character, and in the next one they will nerf him/her to the ground. (start to learn a new character or just stop saying: ""crapcom nerfed my character, that's the reason why i lost.. lololol"") * Not that Good for casual players** * It requires a mid-high config to play* Easy to learn / **Hard to Master"
76561198117198666,Not Recommended,310950,29876047,Posted: 12 February,all,Noctis,"The game is a good fighting game but u're gonna need good pc to play it. The game is not worth the money and overpriced DLC, buy only if sales and u're not planning the DLC"
,Recommended,310950,30627910,Posted: 19 March,all,Corpse Kicker,"I like it, I like the online, I hate the connections sometimes and I really hate 7/10 times I win, I get a connection error and earn nothing. Story mode was beat VERY quickly, currently working on Survival for everyone. Hard mode is where it starts to get fun. Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,310950,30671964,Posted: 22 March,all,Dr.Tacobutt,This game has very solid mechanics but everything around them is just rubbish
,Not Recommended,310950,31075026,Posted: 11 April,all,BradlesMcGee939,"Capcome really needs to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together, this is by far one of the worst PC ports i have ever played in my life. Avoid this game like the plague i got it on sale and still felt ripped off not to mention the price tag on 8 additional characters is ridiculous. It's ludicrous that after a whole year of this game being out Capcom still hasn't fixed most issues and to top it off they don't even have 3rd party gamepad support, you have to jump through hoops to even get this game running. In closing Capcom really needs to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and stop with these half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥releases."
76561198233576652,Not Recommended,310950,31164870,Posted: 15 April,all,Anime_Kid,this game is good but the controlls need to be set to PC buttons instead of controllers because it's a pain in the butt for people who don't know the combos for a controller for this game aslo the RB button is litterally nowhere on the whole keyboard
,Not Recommended,310950,31475285,Posted: 30 April,all,redstain,sfv is a snore fest with stupid meta. Capcom have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea. I gave up on this♥♥♥♥♥♥game you should too.Tekken 7 is out shortly :)
,Recommended,310950,31848275,Posted: 19 May,all,Whoa Constrictor,"If you've ever wanted to pick up a traditional 2D fighter and don't know where to begin, SFV is a great entry in the series. The roster offers a diverse group of characters with distinct fighting styles, and there's a sizable number of players online at all skill levels making it easy to dive into multiplayer. Input timing is a lot more forgiving than other similar games, but not so much that it feels like your hand is being held through a fight- you still have to have proper execution.If, for some reason, you are looking for a single-player fighting game, pick up Ultra Street Fighter IV instead. IMO, the real joy of the genre is in playing against a human opponent, and to that end, SFV is fantastic.A wholehearted recommendation. One of my all-time favorite games."
76561198273273457,Recommended,310950,31870129,Posted: 20 May,all,TheDster,Its a hard game that takes time and dedication to get use to and enjoy but much like anything the better you get the more fun it becomes. So dont quit off the bat go to traning mode and work out the kinks and then you can start to beat down opponents online.
,Not Recommended,310950,31143289,Posted: 14 April,all,HarryMorgan01,"Recommending or not recommending Street Fighter V is honestly very difficult. Coming from the point of view of a huge fighting game fan who's relatively serious and practices heavily, yeah this game was worth it. However if your not that interested in fighting games and only have casual interest despite its relatively easy to learn mechanics, Street Fighter V is not for you. Let me explain myself, the game isn't bad by any means. The gameplay is great, characters have fun combos and moves to execute that are all varied from one another. The visuals are down right gorgeous, with beautfiul design and stylised stages and characters. However the features of the game itself are what let this title down for me (well lack there of). This game's been out over a year, we still have no sign of any arcade mode but instead have a downright awful mode known as survival. The idea isn't bad, it's at fault of the AI who is either appaling or downright godlike (there is absolutely no in between). Also if you're on the final stage of a survival and end up losing due to this AI, you get NOTHING. No reward for your time and effort, not even a tiny little drop of EXP or Fight Money. And this is the BIGGEST flaw in not only the game but Capcom themselves - Fight Money. You get 100 Fight Money for winning a match online. Characters are 100k, Stages are 40-70k and Alternate Costumes are 40k. To put it into perspective if you won EVERY one of your matches and did nothing else that's 1000 matches for a character. If a match takes approximately 3 minutes that's 50 hours for a single character. Or of course you could buy the character pass which as of writing this review buying both of whcih is more expensive than the game itself (which is an absolute joke).Here's a quick calculation for you, in order to get every single stage, character and alternate costume in the game with fight money it would take you 1035 hours (20700 matches) that's not including the slow loading times either.So in conclusion i really want to recommend this game, however i honestly can't. It;s not the fault of the game itself, but the way the in-game currency and service has been structured, you're playing £35 for an incomplete game. The deluxe edition of this game is the real Street Fighter V (Excluding stages and alternate costumes).Pros:- Wonderful art design- Great gameplay- Good roster of varied and unique characters- Great soundtrack and overall sound design (except for Juri's theme)Cons:- Disgustingly bad in-game currency service- Lack of modes and features- Questionable net code- Need to purchase the deluxe edition for the full experience"
76561198093335539,Not Recommended,310950,31292745,Posted: 22 April,all,mrkthomas.teach,Love Street Fighter but game doesnt work properly and countless others have this issue of slowdown. NOT MY PC. pLS FIX CAPCOM.
76561198005692067,Recommended,310950,31654831,Posted: 9 May,all,DaCoolCarrot,Its a good fighting game but its barebones and everything else is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dont expect capcom to give feedback either. Fun to play with your friends though.
,Recommended,310950,31964832,Posted: 25 May,all,Puffun,"One of the best Franchise of Arcade/Console videogames i have ever played,one of my favorite videogames of my childhood and still one of my favorite videogames,everyone who says the first ones that were released are bad,JUST BECAUSE OF THEIR GRAPHICS are nothing but a bunch of 11 mortal kombat fanboys who dont know what real Fighting games are(Not saying that Mortal kombat is a bad game,but their fanbase is worst than Five Nights at Freddy's)The point is:That this game is absolutely Awesome and the deffinition of Greatness,I just wanted to do this review to say that this is the best Fighting game i've ever played in my 15 years of living,And have never failed me(3DS EDITTION,CRINGE) But like i was saying,and just wanted to say,Thank you Street Fighter for giving me so many epic moments of Childhood and not making childhood boring(Cuz it was lol).No words,Its not the best game,The best Franchise of fighting ever created.PD: I never play this on PC cuz honestly even with usb/adapter controllers sucks,it doesn't feel the same as in console,so thats why i only have less than 2 hours on this masterpiece,Just letting you guys know :P"
76561198251367464,Recommended,310950,32042390,Posted: 29 May,all,eriya84,"the guys who cant enjoy this game, just give it sometime. This is a fighting game. its going to be hard, youre going to lose. Good. Lets get better. Like a tough nice hike, its very rewarding."
76561197974547649,Not Recommended,310950,32084228,Posted: 31 May,all,Weltuned,the fps lag bug has yet to be fixed!everything i have tried to make this game work at normal speeds has resulted in failureon my home computer the game worked finelaptop however the slow motion bug will not go awayhome pc6800kx99a chipset32gb ramgtx980laptopmsi gs63vr 7rf stealth pro770016gb ramgtx 1060 (6gb)
76561198131372239,Not Recommended,310950,21603266,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Airhide,where are all the characters ? blanka sagat etc ? why are they not in the game ?
,Recommended,310950,22098243,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Ivana Humpalot,This game is amazing best online experience just don't expect a single player.PS this is a fighting game not story based most fighting games have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story so why is one needed. Just read there bios
,Not Recommended,310950,21290106,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ImperialDeath,"To add to how exited I was to get Street Fighter V on PC!?  Hell yeah I was hyped af, even got my self a fighting arcade stick, the game is good so are the graphics and gameplay. Bad is the lack of server support for this; was the money you got from us not enough for good servers Capcom!?  I wan't to play multiplayer but the damn connection barely even holds up that even at the beggining it is extremely naggy and annoying to read connection lost.Don't be another Warner Brothers please, I don't own a console and I ain't gonna bother purchasing no damn effing overpriced kids toy."
,Recommended,310950,22119749,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,PezzzJay,"awesome street fighter game period, the gameplay is great but on release lacked some content that should of been present, the only people who will dislike this are those who arent really used to the mechanics of street fighter"
,Recommended,310950,22136963,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Damastah101,"Eh, needs some more immediate content tbh.EDIT(06/22/16):The upcoming Cinematic Story Mode looks promising. It's a treat that we get to play early as the remaining DLC characters."
76561198027326531,Recommended,310950,22183318,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,A Grue,s'good
76561198133580240,Recommended,310950,22188695,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Kojima,Even after the last update the game still trun off after while any idea how to fix this problem on win10?
76561198070728517,Recommended,310950,22210203,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ZalbaagBeoulve,Awesome!
,Recommended,310950,22457962,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mearth,"More like Rage Quit fighter V-Beats a japanese player in round one, then rage quits (my Ken is too good)-loads the battle, then error 40002 (player left during that or nah)-salty online players at the rookie league-Beats story mode with all characters-been playing it straight on11/10#LessRageQuitersPlz"
,Recommended,310950,22129193,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Plasma Waffle,The game is great and they are quickly adding more content.
76561198078529702,Recommended,310950,22148259,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,@dotopenguin,"As incomplete as it is, Street Fighter V is a catchy, fast, and balanced fighting game.Anyone looking for this sort of fun should get it.Yes story mode sucks big time.. the art of its story mode sucks big time..And yes the game doesn't have much to offer besides its casual and online matchmaking.But the network problems it has are petite, and the game itself is a five star fighting game.. I recommend it.To anyone who enjoys exchanging some beats, SFV will offer ya everything you need.. remarkable characters, a solid fighting structure, balance, outstanding graphics.In what matters, SFV gets a 5.0/5.0 from me."
,Recommended,310950,22150235,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sunyata,"Mika a cuteCUTEEDIT:One season later: So the game had not a rocky release, a completely s h i t release. Issues that were in season 1 are still in season two (such as player 2 not being able to hit character select, regional lobbies, latency, No arcade modeetc.), though some problems have been addressed to some degree (rage quiters now get points deducted, marked publicly, and put in rage quiter groups; mika being nerfed, though shes still a cute       CUTE).Despite problems and frequent misteps, I have to say the game is extremely fun. It's only saving grace is the fact that the gameplay is solid (as of t-minus 8 hours from season 2 patch).I'll be frank, if you are very casual (and I am not using the term in a demeaning way), this game will probably not be fun for you. They didn't make the game very friendly for the casual gamer who is looking for an in depth story mode, arcade mode, unlockables, etc. The newest guilty gear (which just released on PC) IS great for that stuff, along with being competitively fun.However, if you are interested in the fgc, want to make relationships and rivalries, and really just care about gameplay mechanics, then this game IS for you. I still recommend it, and have not regretted my time playing it over the last season.A CUTE"
76561198167822184,Recommended,310950,22153843,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Get-Schwifty,"My opion on the new Street Fighter 5 is that the gameplay is some of the best very 3rd strike like with sf4 type physics with very few characters contrasting from sf4's huge cast of characters. If I could give a game a neutral review I would offline fighting is great and online is very inconsistent and could be better but when it works it works well. The game needs more content such as an arcade mode and a more fleshed out story. Btw Alex's model looks pretty bad but gameplay is great. If I were to give this game a rating out of ten this game would recive a 7. This score could be increased when they put some more content. btw ken's hair looks awful, it's practically a banana peel, at least the story mode ken has a half decent model7/10 Would play again."
76561198024996180,Recommended,310950,22182716,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,mranger,I can't play the update because I can't figure out any way to puth the close button for the window that tells me about the update. Unfortunately this is a small example of a larger problem of no thought going into the UI and other aspects which you can read in all the other reviews here. A few of my other annoyances - no infinite time limit for vs mode in a Street Fighter game? Crashes unless the tablet driver is stopped. Have to play 100 characters to get one color? No alt outfits? $60 for this stripped down beta type release of a game?The gameplay is great by the way. Just make sure to finish the game before releasing it next time.
76561198271184240,Recommended,310950,24185215,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Zakhele,"Great game, just lacking in content. Although the recent addition of story mode is good there is still no traditional arcade mode. The game is much better than it was on release but still has room to grow content wise. If u were waiting on a good time to jump in, now is that time unless u want to wait for the fully finished game. As it stands now i give it a 3.5 out of 5 simply because of the lack of arcade mode and other traditional features but when they get added its going to be a 5 trust me this game has the potential to be straight fire when capcom gets finished with it."
,Recommended,310950,23868226,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BladedTnt,This game is fun but it is missing a lot still. Im recommending it because i love the gameplay but if you don't LOVE street fighter i would recommend you wait until they update a lot of missing content.
76561198124530726,Recommended,310950,23999676,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,LevioBoy,Norio wakamoto is in the game
,Recommended,310950,24178841,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,OhAlAmin,"So far so ... Decent?Knowing how Street Fighter works, once we get Super or Ultra this might improve:The Good:- Character designs got revamped.- Added cutscenes and an engaging storymode.- Gameplay is far more smoother than SFIV.- Online matches are more fluid and are supported by better matchmaking.The Bad:- Extremely limited roster.- I have to buy the new characters with in-game cash. Seriously? I bought the game give it to me already.- Alternate Outfits are overpriced.The Ugly:- Had to install additional software to get my fightstick to be recognized in the game.Looking forward to some changes to resolve all this soon."
,Recommended,310950,24423230,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Moofin,I ♥♥♥♥ing enjoy this game. They've been improving it steadily. Yoshinori Ono looks like he appeared out of a flower. This game is pretty nice.
76561198083847922,Recommended,310950,24442064,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Volt Exp,i can not download the new update
