user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,311010,23150645,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Snakesgun,"I haven't heard of this game until the day it released. I am a huge fan of Out of this World (or 'Another World'), Flashback, and Heart of Darkness as well as any games of the like. So when I saw the description for this game and watched the trailer I picked it up.The story is captivating while the art is immersive. The music gives a beautiful backdrop for the scenery and lends a very touching effect to the ending in particular. While the gameplay gets the job done there are certain puzzles that could have been designed in a more graceful manner. I encourage players to seek out help on discussion boards when they hit walls in this game because I wouldn't want them to be held back from the full experience.The difficulty is manageable though there are a couple events that can obstruct progress in a frustrating manner, namely a Battletoad like sequence as well as a bullet hell encounter. The former can be overcome in a few tries although it feels cheap. The latter can be very aggravating but it is meant as a build up, which in that context makes it understandable.All-in-all, I enjoyed what the game brought to the table and I'd say the dev team succeeded in their goal of providing a Heart of Darkness/Another World-like experience, albeit with more puzzles than usual. I suggest this game for players with similar tastes."
,Recommended,311010,32777284,Posted: 25 June,all,Julveyo,"DON'T USE GOOGLE OR GUIDES.Just f^%ing enjoy how awesome you are by solving each piece.Somehow it reminds me of 'Generation Lost' (SEGA). Yet, very over-puzzled.Not sure on why it's need so much of disk space, as no videos and voices, only short music samples and repetitive sounds. ***Checked game folder later - java gameNot sure whom to recommend it. The games is good, no problem with that, a lot of puzzles and different game mechanics that change each others. Yet, something is missing. The game has no soul saying would be incorrect, yet not fully wrong. Feels like as if metrodivania but limited to short maps, with no return, but with backtracking.Tincan is plus. LeChuck and Tentacle add positive vibes too.7/10, will check second ending on youtube, don't want to spend hours of same puzzles just for ""10 second"" scene."
,Recommended,311010,23131298,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BuddhaCat,"I only have 2.4 hours on record, however, most of it was spent in the first part of gameplay. Here's what I do know:- The puzzles are complex and thought provoking- The sprite art is amazing- Sad, complex and rich story, making me want to know more- Difficult enemies- Awesome stealth mechanics- Sometimes its a little wonky with the gaming mechanics (trying to go up and down ladders, platforming while sprinting, etc)- Accurate shooting mechanic- Hauntingly beautiful soundtrack- Nice SFXOnce I do a full playthough and upload my video/review on my YouTube Channel, I will update this review. Still, from the little bit I do know, I would definitely say BUY THIS GAME! It's afforable, and worth every penny."
,Not Recommended,311010,32260150,Posted: 7 June,all,I love the lag,"The Way is a 2D action/platform puzzler reminiscent of a few classic games like Heart of Darkness and Out of this World.  The short of things is that it's just not very enjoyable because the puzzles tend to involve a ton of busywork, the hit detection is rather unforgiving, there are some minor but annoying bugs and your character moves slower than a real person might.  The presentation is good, but monotony sets in quick.To be more specific, in a lot of ways (no pun intended) The Way maybe takes too many notes out of its inspiratory games, but adds a few problems of its own.  There are many checkpoints, but your movement is so laborious- especially up ladders of which there are many in the game- that you'd wish there were even more.  It's not like many of the sections are especially hard, you just have a single hitpoint and not a ton of leeway and your character handles like a forklift.  Normally large complex levels would be a plus, but your character is both slow and slightly imprecise which makes simple tasks quite aggravating as you plod up the ladder the umpteenth time to a volcanic vent which takes ages to finish its pattern.  Not to mention the cutscenes are quite slow as well.Furthermore, the hit detection in the action sequences is rather unforgiving considering it's difficult (on controller, at least) to specify minute movements on the ground.  Jumping is surprisingly a bit better and rather controllable, but occasionally you won't grab a ledge.  A few chase sequences wouldn't allow me to start out holding the direction and I instead had to time it which led to a few extra deaths since the timing is very particular on those.  This also includes the weak knees weakness your protagonist has.  It's not DayZ or Adventures of Dizzy levels of ridiculous but it's worth noting that you have to watch your drops.I also hit some snags from bugs.  One screen transition in particular- and it was not the only one with an issue- would load multiple screens and then kick me out from going to the new area until I tried two more times.  One involved calling a companion to me that was ""too far away"" despite being right beside me.  Shots sailed through a few enemies- and not ones it should have.  A few ledges weren't grabbed.  Some messages didn't display.  Minor stuff, but still very annoying.Speaking of annoying, one of the puzzles in the game is the most needlessly irritating thing I've seen in a puzzle game since spelling a name with the alphabet backwards.  If you're going to make an ice puzzle with a programmable robot, there's really no reason to turn the controls 90 degrees and hide the pathways from the player.  You can do the puzzle multiple times, if you like, just don't make it completely unenjoyable, unexplained and impossible to get a good look at.  I don't know who that was for, but it sticks out like a sore thumb.Other than that one, the puzzles are a mixed bag depending on your tastes.  You get a fair number of the standard abilities that are well implemented with slightly unusual uses and very little handholding, but since the abilities are one-at-a-time there ends up not being a ton of variety.  The game isn't terribly long and you don't have all of your abilities for long, either, so there's a decent number of puzzles that are based on walking all the way to a console and then walking all of the way to another console.  The puzzles become increasingly ""lateral"" as you progress in the adventure puzzle game sense, and by that I mean ""obfuscated"".  Besides the one example we're not talking Monkey Island or Sam and Max levels of chicanery here so it's not unreasonable, just a bit annoying.Graphics are good, story's solid and presentation's up there with the character's passing thoughts and a number of little things to look at as he tries to put everything together.  I doubt many will feel a strong connection with the character but will still be interested nonetheless.  There's a companion for you to become attached to, too, but I think we all know what happens when it's obvious you're supposed to get attached.  Some of the details go by the wayside the further you get in, but that's kickstarted development for you.Overall I wish I could recommend The Way to the average onlooker, but instead I'm gonna recommend instead you go after a good platformer or a good adventure game, since the latter stifles the former here.  It's just too short to be padded so much."
,Recommended,311010,23121412,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jinxology,"Was up until 3am playing last night. Amazing pixel art, great sci-fi story, fun puzzles. Reminds me quite a bit of the games they mention in the description (Out of this World probably the most, a little Flashback, even a little OG King's Quest). Highly recommend this one."
,Recommended,311010,33131770,Posted: 2 July,all,Bacardi,"Marvellous game. Really liked the story and gameplay, even though it could be frustrating at some points. In those cases I recommend to take a break. I think this game didn't meant to be played from start to finish in one sitting. It is about 10 hours long of relaxed gameplay, depending on how fast you'll figure out various puzzles.If you liked to play Flashback (1992) and crave some more games like it, then this game will be perfect for you.I've played it on GNU\Linux from start to finish and the Linux port is good."
76561198021962561,Recommended,311010,23175549,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Vellrath,"This Game  is a real love letter to the slower paced, more meticulous classic platformers that really started to catch on in the early to mid '90s. Prince of Persia, Out of this World/Another World, Flashback, Blackthorn etc. This game might be a tad more forgiving by ditching opressive time limits, and punishing respawn points, but it more than makes up for it a at times, tedious yet fun 2D challenge. One misstep can see you plummet to your doom, accompanied by a sickening crunch. Rush into a dark room too fast and you will pay the price! There are fun puzzels, neat and modern shooting mechanics (where bullets and poor aim, have consequence), and of course platforming, along with well paced metroidvania style exploration. Graphics are just fine and charming, reminiscent and artfully faithful to the 16-bit era. The music is very moody and well composed. The writing drives the story forward in a minimalistic, yet effectively cryptic tone. I would highly recommend this to the old school fans of the consol era and those who appreciate a challenge in the anyone interested in 2D platfroming genres with science fiction setting. There's even quite a few easter eggs and nods to the genre just for those who know what to look for. ;) Highly recommended!"
76561198078830918,Recommended,311010,31153635,Posted: 15 April,all,Sheisty Individual,"""The Way"" is a great game, if you are into that ""Another world"" or ""Flashback"" vibe. It delivers on that part, no doubt about it.What it does great, is the story-telling, it's very intriguing and you really want to know what is next, how things are going to evolve...The scenery is extremely well done and on point with the idea of space travelling, it's varied and realistic, you feel as if on another planet, discovering another civilization. It's brilliant. Overall, the game is fantastic-looking even for a pixel type of game. The love people who created it put into the game, can be seen almost everywhere and I like that...(indie dev much?)Now the sound and music also is on point with the ""on a weird planet"" setting, no doubt about it either. It's part of the immersion and the devs put much care into it. Nailed it.On the downside, the controls are a bit clunky when it comes to platforming and stuff, making you fail and restart a section over, but it's not horrible to the point it would become ragequit material.No, what is ragequit inducing is the terrible puzzles you will come accross at certain times, because there are no explanations whatsoever and it's only up to you to figure stuff out. Some puzzles can be infuriating but that is what you might buy the game for: puzzles. They are good. Except a couple of them.In the end, this game is a good mix of puzzles, platforming and action sequences...I really wished there were more of the latter, I mean shooting stuff is fun, the guns ""feel"" good, but I really enjoyed playing through it. Won't spoil but i would have liked a longer ending sequence, one more satisfying, given the headaches I've had from solving the puzzles ^^It is a good game,it has no bugs,it is polished,it is not a cash-grab unfinished pre-access ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t,It is worth a buy,And....Tincan...please...Tin-mother♥♥♥♥ing-can!!! It alone makes the game worth a buy ^^I'll thumb it up."
,Recommended,311010,27698943,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lorenallpurpose,"This game. I NEVER play sidescrollers or anything 2D or linear; but the art on the store page caught my attention so I had it sitting in my wishlist for a while when I just noticed yesterday that it was on sale for 8$. I had to get it and I'm so glad I did. The story was amazing and while still being quite simple had tons of depth. Some of the puzzles were so challenging to me that I had to cheat a little (oops) and look at some forums (HOW LONG DID IT TAKE YOU ON THAT WORM BS FFS). Anyways, the soundtrack kept me hooked as I'm already a fan of electronic music and analogue synthesizers and the art style is mesmerizing.I'm just rambling at this point. Buy the game. its only 15$ and if it's on sale, buy one for a friend. It's amazing."
76561198025468353,Recommended,311010,23880030,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,WigWam,"I'm giving this game a soft recommendation.  I felt that overall it was a good addition to the steal platforming puzzle solving world.  I However found that the controls were a bit clunky, and I just couldn't imagine this game winning you over if you weren't already a fan of the genre.  So if you're specifically looking for something with a heavy emphasis on story and puzzle solving, go for it!  Otherwise, stay clear.Full review for those interestedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHl_3tUfaq0"
76561197971550635,Recommended,311010,24378410,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Dissectus,"A very fine puzzle platformer with absolutely fantastic mood and artwork.The locales are varied and the game never outstays its welcome.My first playthrough was about 8 hours. Subsequent playthroughs are about 2-3 hours.Replayability is decent. To me the appeal for replayability comes from visiting the locales and trying to finish the puzzles as efficiently as possible.Which is definitely a challenge.YMMV, depending on how much the alien locales and tough puzzles do it for you.Some puzzles might get frustrating if you try to brute-force them (I'm looking at you steam vents and sandworm!), but there always seems to be a clever solution.The puzzles that got me massacred mostly required patience, especially on the first try. Which is probably why I sucked at them.The story is good if a bit clichéd, but delivered in an effective manner. The ending(s) felt like a nice conclusion to a long and varied journey.All in all a great title for which the artwork alone is worth the price of admission."
76561197995655489,Recommended,311010,23163221,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,krisko,"I have waited two years for this game to come out. I love cinematic platformers and the moment I saw this game on Kickstarter I knew that it had great potential to be one of the best in its genre.The Way is inspired by games such as Another World and Flashback, and if you have any familiarity with those games then it's hard not to see where the developers took their inspirations from.The storyline, while incredibly simple, nonetheless manages to tug hard at the heartstrings. Tom is extremely obsessed with bringing his wife back, no matter the cost, and it's hard not to root for him when you see what he has to go through. The universe in general is really a very fascinating place, and I would definitely love to see more games taking place inside it.While the character animations aren't nearly as complex as the ones featured in its inspirations, The Way still offers a very appealing visual style. The backgrounds are crisp and detailed, and you really get a sense of visiting another world.This is an old-school experience, one that offers very little hand holding. The only real tutorials occur at the beginning of the game and offer the most basic movement controls. After that, you're on your own to figure everything else out. The first level alone feels like something that would appear in the mid-to-late portion of other games, and it only gets trickier and more intense from there.The Way is one of the most varied games I've played in recent memory. While it is definitely a platformer, it also utilizes aspects of stealth, puzzle, action, and even shooters during the course of the 10 hour adventure. From solving complex puzzles, to sneaking past robots, the game covers a wide ground of concepts and ideas, and always makes sure to keep things fresh throughout the 10 hour adventure.The thing that really brings this game together is its incredible soundtrack, which is easily my favorite so far this year. The music has a mystical, alien quality, relying heavily on bizarre synthesizer effects, droning melodies, and haunting production. I would definitely love to listen to this outside of the game, something I can say for very few soundtracks.The Way evokes a real sense of awe and wonder, something that seems to be missing from today's market of fast-paced action and over-marketed games. It represents much that was good about gaming in the early 1990s while making sure to keep the experience moving along for 2016 audiences. In short, it's everything the developers promised it would be."
,Recommended,311010,23181347,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Captain Crowbar,"Another World, Flashback and Heart of Darkness are possibly my favourite games of all time. I actually bought this game as soon as I read the first sentence of the description. The graphical style looked good, and I thought if this was really inspired by those games then it was at least worth giving it a go.Luckily for me, I did.This game is fantastic. The high quality retro graphics, the extremely challenging (but totally fair) action and puzzle sequences, to the high quality of the sound fx and music this game has definitely lived up to the titles that inspired it. Stylistically and plot-wise it absolutely captures the same feelings I got when playing Another World for the first time.Well done guys. Really well done."
,Recommended,311010,30459547,Posted: 11 March,all,seanparkerfilms,"A strikingly animated 2D puzzle/platformer reminiscent of trial-and-error adventures of the 90s,The Waynicely fills a niche that has been largely absent from gaming in recent years (LimboandInsidenotwithstanding).There is one thing in particular that I really, really appreciated aboutThe Way: it is the first epic scale, puzzle-themed adventure game I've played in YEARS that I could finish without consulting a walkthrough—without being an absolute cakewalk, by any means! The temptation to look up a solution was certainly there at a couple points, but after succumbing to the hints of the internet for nearly every other game I've played over the past several years (fromThe Witnessto theMystgames toAnother World, which heavily influenced this), it was really, really satisfying to beat something this difficult without having to rely on anything but my own observation, thinking, and patience. There is one puzzle I couldn't solve without taking screenshots and mapping out a route on a piece of paper (darn that West Generator!), and there are a couple moments where the game feels a bit too tightfisted with doling out checkpoints, but never to the point of frustration— or at least, nothing that the satisfaction of finally figuring it out can't fix.Steam claims it took just a little over 6 hours to beat, spread over about 3 or 4 play sessions (though it did feel longer than that, so I'm not sure how accurate that count is). While I would have enjoyed playing longer, it pulled off a tricky balancing act that too many games struggle with—it gave me a meaningful, complete experience without overstaying its welcome.The Wayis a niche title, channeling a decades-old spirit of a lost era in gaming. Perhaps that's why it hasn't made a huge splash at the moment, but I wouldn't be surprised ifThe Wayendures much like the classics that inspired it."
,Recommended,311010,34097606,Posted: 8 August,all,Sexy Hexy,"Played in Linux. good port, no issues.I loved Flashback, so when i saw this i picked it up. it sat in my steam library for a while before i got to it.be ready for some serious puzzling the likes of which would stump even Professor Layton. if you can thing your way through them then the game is very rewarding.there is a little too much 'travelling' back and forth in some of the puzzles but i enjoyed it more than i got angered by it. this game is very pretty and consistently good quality."
,Not Recommended,311010,23159244,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,aimo,"I'm in agreement with another reviewer who really *wanted* to like this game. I loved Another World, and when I started playing The Way, I was glad that this game had the same kind of spirit. But like the other reviewer said, I also keep getting very frustrated over confusing design choices.It feels like the developer of this game knew how to make a world that looked amazing in the same style as Another World, but didn't really know how to design the puzzles. It's like they're mostly lifted from other platformers with just small mechanics tweaked here and there, often making things much worse. Playing this game feels like I'm being punished for not knowing in advance how the developer's thought process on puzzle design works."
,Recommended,311010,23367998,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mastershake,"This is my first review, I felt this game deserved one after I completed it. All the reviews I read stated that this was somewhat of a spiritual successor to out of this world and flashback of which both I played on my super nintendo growing up. This game blew both of them out of the water as far as I am concerned. The game has puzzles that some may find easy and others may find extremely difficult. I played through the game in 9.4 hours got stumped a couple times and turned it off for the night only to have fresh ideas in the morning and finish out the harder puzzles. If you are on the fence and have fond memories of out of this world and flashback then do yourself a favor and just get this game, its cheap anyways."
76561198083117030,Recommended,311010,25838936,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,uberwleiss,"I'm glad I gave this game a try. I couldn't stop playing until I finished it. The controls and animations are a bit rough but the game itself is great and just challenging enough.+ Graphics and music+ Story+ Puzzles+ Varied gameplay mechanics- Animation (wish it was better)- Controls (a bit rough, unpolished, but absolutely playable)"
76561198077515081,Recommended,311010,23289536,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ElvisHunter,The art and music is what attracted me in the first place. Both 10/10The platforming on this game is hard. Not impossible. Frustrating but fun.  9/10The puzzles on this game are hard. Many of the elements needed to solve them are cleverly added to the sound scape and the background art. While some stumped me for a few mins I managed finish without looking for any answers on the forums/google.   7/10These kinds of games are not for everyone - if dying 20 times in a row until you properly train your twitch muscles makes you rage quit you might want to avoid this one.
76561198078818601,Recommended,311010,23146388,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,autocorr,"As someone who hadn't played the original games like Another World or similar, I thought this game was fun and worth the price. The pixel art and creative level designs are immersive and fun to explore. I liked the puzzles the most, and the platforming is fun, but it would better if the controls were tighter (it's more on the Prince of Persia side of the spectrum than the Super Meat Boy side).My biggest complaint is that the gameplay is punctuated by (sometimes very) frustrating parts where there is significant ""respawn"" time, ie time it takes to just get to where the puzzle/platform is. This game would be a lot more enjoyable if the saves were more frequent. Most saves in this game only fire after certain events, not on your location. For example in a large zone (bounty hunter area), my save was in the bottom right corner of the map, but the current task was a difficult platform sequence in the far upper left. It took about 5 minutes to just get back, and then die, repeatedly, trying to navigate a series of 1-block sized platforms. This ended up taking about 40 min of running/climbing and probably 2 minutes of working on the platforms. This comes up often and is a drag. I hope that this is a mechanic the devs fix in a future patch.I beat the game and the criticisms of the (current) top reviewer don't seem fair to me. I thought the land cruiser and bullet-hell parts were fun. A bullet-hell sequence where you beat it after a few deaths wouldn't be much of a bullet-hell (as the final boss no less!). I haven't played the older games so I can't speak to if they're too similar. I do agree with the complaint about the saves, but don't think that negates the overall enjoyable qualities of the game: artwork, world, and fun+challenging puzzles/platforming."
,Not Recommended,311010,25786568,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Moe Anthropomorphism,"The Way is a game that falls depressingly short of it's inspirations.  It was by no means among the worst games I've played, or even very bad, but its flaws are deep enough that I can't even recommend it ahead of less polished or playable titles. If its list of inspirations [Another World, Flashback, and Heart of Darkness] enticed you, then you've already played better games and won't find anything new here.The movement is floaty and imprecise, feeling a lot more like you're controlling a platformer character in a bad Flash game than the rotoscoped running and jumping in its 'inspirations'.  Playing it with a controller is frustrating, since several sections require you to aim with the right stick, and the aiming is extremely twitchy for something that often requires pretty precise adjustments.  The character resets to default pose after a few seconds left aiming in the same direction, which makes timing frustrating in some cases, and nearly everything you have to use this cumbersome aiming control for is a life-or-death situation.The music is passable, but not remarkable, and unfortunately it is non-stop.  A few areas dragged on so long I was forced to go into the menu and lower the music audio because it was starting to get on my nerves.  Some of the sound effects, particularly the one tied to the telekinesis power, similarly had me going into the menu just to prevent a headache.  I appreciated the lack of voice acting for the often groan-worthy dialogue, though, as that unnecessary addition was a major part of what made the recent Flashback remake so irritating.The story has ups and downs, but is mostly killed by repetition and lack of engagement.  Twice you reach a moment where progress is barred for no good reason other than to force you to solve 3 new areas to press 3 switches. One particularly bad case is the instance of forward time skips.  The first time this happens I was fairly impressed because I usually hate the device, but it was handled well and made sense.  The second time, near the end of the game, was silly and I still don't really understand why it happened.  It added nothing to the story, filled no plot holes, and seems to have just served as a way for them to redo the character sprite as an Old Man, which they then ignore for the final level anyway!Speaking of the final level, it was so bad that by itself would probably have killed the game for me.  After a game full of fairly interesting environments and leisurely paced [if occasionally frustrating] puzzling, you get dumped back into your young sprite and given a weapon you haven't had for at least a few real-time hours, and several decades in-game, for an overly-long run-and-gun section with annoying enemies you've never seen before, wrestling controls that were bad enough at navigating you slowly through puzzles, in a garish Tron-like cyberhell.  At the end of this you have to fight a shmup boss except you can't shoot so you just dodge three patterns.  Finally, you make a binary choice between two endings.  Neither ending is worth the trouble.Even if the final stage weren't obnoxious and unnecessary, I would still give this game a hard PASS, and the main reason is the puzzles.  The Way has a few excellent areas, where you explore and find new components and piece together what you have to do to move on.  It has far, far more numerous areas that are either glorified gauntlets, or just puzzles that pop out into a seperate window and force you to do Lights Out, or Pipe Dream, or any of the dozens of fluff puzzle types you've seen in almost every adventure game that runs out of original content.The Way could have been decent, but the developers either ran out of ideas or were badgered into tacking on terrible fluff to appeal to a market that never would have cared about it anyway.  The end result is a slog.  Don't buy, and don't put yourself through it, especially if you saw the list of inspirations and felt a twinge of nostalgia.  You'll only be let down."
76561198047206039,Not Recommended,311010,28462237,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,GraveEye,"This game was so close to being good.PROS: Excellent score, decent story (especially good for an adventure/puzzle game, not pretentious), starts of strong, nice backgroundsCONS: Swiftly becomes tedious, then frustrating. Platforming sequences are masochistic at best, requiring precision while the controls/physics are very janky.What could have been a great spiritual successor to Another World has been thwarted by the devs not understanding what made Another World a good game. We want interesting puzzles and tight action with a unique aesthetic, not clumsy ""precision platforming"" and wrote memorization stuffed into a game to pad runtime. And by the way, when you have a chase sequence that's very fast and on 2.5 dimensions, please inlcude some way for people to tell what is an obstacle in front of them and what's beside them. If you are looking for an Another World type game, don't buy this unless you love trial and error and pattern memorization. Also encountered some bugs, and this game has been out for a while.Caveat Emptor."
76561197993349383,Recommended,311010,29661389,Posted: 2 February,all,Marmosette Larynx,"I really enjoy the aesthetics this game offers. The animations are fun, the visual style is notstalgic and pretty, the sound effects are engaging, and the music suits the visual style very well. It's a really beautiful game. I had a lot of fun playing it.There are a couple of things that will keep me from replaying it, though. The platforming portions and puzzle portions are much more comfortable with a controller, but some of the shooting bits are damn near impossible without a mouse. And the platforming and puzzles are really annoying with a keyboard. And you can't have both sets of controls active at once. So that gets tedious, switching back and forth through the menu.The second is that it is at times hard. And not in the ""man how do i do this"" kind of hard or the ""wow, i really have to be good at this to make this happen"" hard. Just a ""goddammit i know what i have to do but the animations and the obstacles just aren't matching so i can do it!"" kind of hard.The nice thing about the second complaint, though, is that this frustration at knowing what you have to do and just having to struggle through it serves the narrative nicely. Finishing the game and having to consider going through it all again is daunting. You just want it to be done. But it feels really good when it's done."
,Recommended,311010,33562486,Posted: 15 July,all,drdhakavdv,"Game keeps you in special emotional state from the beggining so that you want to help main character as if it was you. Through game you will laugh, smile and feel eternal saddness in a way. These is how atmosphere is given in the game.Puzzles are great, smart and has no glitches. Very nice solution of game process.Sounds, graphics and sinc are at bestThat game remindse me of Bastion ending in a wayИгра удерживает вас в особом эмоциональном состоянии от начала, так что вы хотите помочь главному персонажу, как если бы он был вами. Играя, вы будете смеяться, улыбаться и ощущать вечную печаль в некотором роде. Так атмосфера сделна в игре.Пазлы великолепны, умны и не имеют глюков. Очень приятное решение игрового процесса.Звуки, графика и искренность на лучшем уровнеЭта игра напоминает мне о бастионе, оканчивающемся таким образом"
76561198136213253,Recommended,311010,28611701,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Suicider Dog,"I've completed NES games without dying. All modern games - on hardest difficuilty settings. And I must say... Never EVER in my life have I been annoyed and frustrated by a game so much as I'm now with The Way.The game requires EXTREME precision and gives you clunkiest movement I've encountered in any platformer game in quite some time.Checkpoints are terrible, transportation - even worse, some of the puzzles - way WAY too hard till a point it remvoes any amount of enjoyment you've managed to experience.Yet... Finishing the game made me feel like God (and never turn back to this game again). The pixel art is marvelous. Even though the I've found the storytelling to be cheesy (with cheese and some more cheese on top) traveling felt enjoyable and truly adventurous.From mechanical point - 3/10From artistic point - 8/10If you want a true, unpolished and unforgivigng artistic challenge - this game is for you. :)"
76561197971387025,Recommended,311010,31447677,Posted: 29 April,all,Mr Good Cat,"Short, but that's good because it means I want more of it. Some of the puzzles were a bit frustrating but it has the right balance to keep you playing rather than rage quitting. There are some repeat killer puzzles but the solutions are there if you follow the story. Loding the gun then replacing it with the multi function sphere was a nice touch that meant the game wasn't all about shooting things. A good original puzzler with a good setting, nice graphics and a decent story.I really enjoyed playing and recommend it if you are a fan of pezzle/adventure games."
,Recommended,311010,24602572,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,DayDun,"This is definitely one of the best games i have played in my life. Gorgeous pixel graphics, amazing story and awesome gameplay, i sat 8 hours in a row without being able to stop playing the game.If you don't play it, i can ashure you you've made a big mistake."
,Recommended,311010,24760863,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Phischermen,"There are certainly some minor flaws with enemies being a little too unfair. And some puzzles feel like they shouldn't have been so needlessly complicated. But all in all, this game was fantastic! The writing was simple, yet effective. You grow attached to your character and his goal of saving his wife as you see (and experience) the danger, and the struggles he puts himself in. If puzzles are not your thing, than you probably don't want to try this one. However, if you're like me and have a ton of index cards and a pen at your desk, ready to draw, write, copy, and decode every last puzzle a game has to offer, this was made for you!BTW Good luck trying finding a comprehensive walkthrough!"
76561197999085597,Not Recommended,311010,29156603,Posted: 9 January,all,ctiggerrun,"If you enjoy frustrating controls, numerous controller issues and nonsense puzzles, this game is for you. The developers said that they wanted to create a game in the same vein as Another World or Flashback, incredible classics to be sure but this game is modeled after an exercise in total FU.I've had so many instances with the character shooting in the opposite direction, straight up or just not shooting at all, that I questioned my own eyesight until I realized that this is a game about a blind man.This game tries to wear many types of jackets, platformer, puzzler and in the case of the last level, for no reason, bullet hell. It fails at all of them.The only good thing that I've got to say about this game is that it is gorgeous and the story truly feels like Another World or Flashback.I can not recommend this game until they figure out a decent control scheme, issues with various controllers (I'm using aXbone, ps4 and 360 controller, the one that works best is the 360 controller) puzzles so vague that only the developer can figure them out without swearing (seriously, watch some playthroughs, it's maddening) and the all of a sudden bullet hell portion, which feels entirely out of place.It's a shame, I had been following this game from the moment it was announced as there are no modern equivalents to the classics that this game so much wants to be, and I really dislike it. It just looks like everything I wanted and then the disappointment settled in.Go play Limbo or Inside, heck, even Deadlight instead if you've got the itch to play a game like the ones mentioned above, this just can't live up to what it so desperately wants to be."
,Not Recommended,311010,30234870,Posted: 27 February,all,BinarySplit,"I gave up about 90% of the way through and just watched the ending on YouTube.The Way is frustrating. It has a cool premise, great adventure sequences, but too much grindey difficulty. The stage I got stuck on literally had enemies spawning without warning right infront of you, often not even giving you time to attack or dodge before they melee attack you. This happens more than 30s away from the nearest checkpoint. That's not the Dark Souls / Binding of Isaac style of ""fun hard"". That's just tedious game design.I really love the Eric Chahi-inspired style, and behind the incredibly annoying puzzles, platform and action sequences, there is actually an interesting story and beautiful art. So my recommendation is that you let someone else endure the tedium, and go watch a Let's Play of this."
,Not Recommended,311010,31672664,Posted: 10 May,all,BM3000,"There is a big difference between challening and just annoying and frustrating. This game unfortunately falls into the latter category.While the pixel art is really awesome and the puzzles are fun and challenging, the action based mechanics become more and more frustrating the longer the game progresses. Dying and figuring things out is an important part of this game. So that is not the bad part. The bad part are the really bad checkpoints. If you enjoy trying long, boring sequences over and over again, this might be for you. If not, I would recommend only getting this game if it is heavily discounted.If this game had good checkpoints (and as a consequence half the playtime) and cost only half the price, I would probably recommend it."
,Recommended,311010,26136811,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Deus Exodus,"An amazing story with a great pixel art & immersive soundtrack, that takes the best of games like ""Heart of Darkness"", Amiga titles: ""Flashback"" and ""Another World"" or even SEGA's ""Aladdin""."
,Recommended,311010,30215685,Posted: 27 February,all,Ivanoff Alex,"Awesome game, I've exited about it. It was brushed up coup of great games: another world, flashback, prince of persia 1 etcStrong story and world, which I imagine as real, characters which I believe.It is semi-action/puzzle game. Puzzles is logical and not so difficult, I hung few times to reveal how to pass another stage, but 10/10 is my result.Classical hidden character is allusion to new story and I awaiting for."
76561197972803518,Recommended,311010,23737469,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,BMFWA Yoshisama,Great homage to them ol'school games we love so much!Pros+ Puzzles are cool and challenging+ Good looking baby+ Reasonnably long enough+ Gameplay variety+ Recently updated to tweak frustrating areasCons- Controls can make some plateforming sequences frustrating- Sometimes hard to understand the presence of a specific puzzle
76561198059176543,Recommended,311010,23161713,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Woggiy,"Amazing story and feel, everything promise by the trailer."
76561197995489881,Recommended,311010,23174154,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,PaperTie,"TL, DR: 3/5. You will be frustrated, but you should give it a try.There are many disappointing aspects aboutThe Way. Controls are not good at all (keyboard movement controls aren't good for platforming and my XBox One controller didn't work for shooting at all even after rebinding the fire button), the save points are badly placed (forcing you to replay large swaths of a level after making one wrong control input at the end of a long sequence), and there are some questionable mechanical decisions (there is a final boss fight which introduces completely new mechanics for some reason). There is a nonsensical ""choose an ending"" decision at the end of the game, but I cannot imagine the main character thinking there was any option other than the one he had been working toward for the entire game. Some puzzle design is obtuse (ie. you may not even know that there is a puzzle you are supposed to be solving until you die multiple times).For a game which calls itself a platformer, the platforming movement feels floaty and awkard. There are moments where the game requires very precise control, but it can be very difficult to translate your intended movement into actual movement in the game.For a game which invokes Another World in its marketing, the character sprite animation is not as detailed as it probably should be. Three frames of jump animation for the main player character feels a little lame.While this game was very frustrating at times, I'm glad I played it. The background art is beautiful and creative. The music is exceptional. Even the story, as basic as it is, manages to create some emotion which helps align the player with the main character. I hope that the developers have the opportunity to create another game in the future which can avoid the issues present here."
,Recommended,311010,28174379,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,DigitalMily (✿◠‿◠),Great puzzle-platformer! It is very atmospheric and has great storyline. Would definitely recommend!
,Recommended,311010,24363077,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,bean,+Surprising amount of variety in the game+Fantastic Artwork+Some real headscratchers-You will need to stomach some infuriatingly difficult platforming (Latest patch may have improved that)
76561198086472367,Not Recommended,311010,26480839,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Genie McGinga,"The Way started off great. The last couple of levels were a total joke though - completely disappointing. It was as if the designers had given up and just stuck in whatever they could get hold of. Very poor show. The ending was what was driving me through the game and I was utterly disappointed. Otherwise... if it had of ended well, without deteriorating into a below par platform shooter, it would have been fantastic. P.S. I went the whole journey because I wanted my wife back... not to be cheated in every way."
76561198061851387,Recommended,311010,23103394,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,#77,"I have never left a review (128 something games in my client)...I promised these guys I would If I liked it. Flashback, Another World (Out of this world to Playstation users) were some of my favorite games and way ahead of their times. I'm literally bummed I had to stop 2 or 3 puzzles into this game just to tell you...BUY IT!...As an indie developer I can already feel the pacing and homage to the old school style and respect for Eric...I agree with all the other reviews from us old school 30 somethings...Jaw on the floor, goodbye, this game will consume my whole day/days, hats off to Puzzling Dream...Now, back to this INCREDIBLE game...SICK!!!"
,Recommended,311010,23241345,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,..................,"The controls are a little stiff, but that shouldn't stop you from playing this atmospheric exploration puzzle/platformer. The games' pixel art is just gorgeous, and the soundtrack provides an eerie backdrop as well. A good example of how games can be a unique medium for telling a story."
76561197970508370,Recommended,311010,23301530,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,OkO,"11/10, Epic"
76561197972167247,Recommended,311010,23510242,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Nighty,"Enjoyable with some frustrating elements.The game is interesting enough and has plenty of atmosphere. But it's a weird mix between a brutal unforgiving platformer, a story-driven puzzle platformer (think The Swapper) and a keyboard/mouse sidescrolling shooter in the vein of Abuse. All enjoyable in their own right, but the mix doesn't really work for me.I believe a platformer should be entirely playable with a gamepad. This game doen't support one, but requires a keyboard for movement and a mouse to aim. Not to mention quick reflexes because some of the enemies pop out and are on top of you in no time, giving you precious little time to aim.It also doesn't help that the mouse aim is not very predictable. In some screens you can traverse the entire screen, and your cursor will remain in exactly the same spot in absolute level-coordinates. Yet, other times you climb a ladder, the entire screen scrolls, and your mouse cursor travels along with you.I'd have preferred a more twin-stick friendly ""always relative aim"" scheme, allowing for gamepad support in addition to keyboard/mouse. The game in its current form is not very couch friendly. You can make it work with a Steam Controller, but it's not ideal.Despite the strange mix of genres and the slightly bizarre choice of control scheme, the game remains very enjoyable. Sometimes frustratingly so due to an overreliance on narrow platforms. Unless you're a seasoned platformer, you'll die a lot in this game.Most people complain about the puzzles being too hard. I can't speak for the puzzles deeper into the game, but so far I found them all very logical, and some felt more like chores than puzzles. For me it's the more hardcore platform and combat elements that give rise to frustration.The pixel art neither adds nor detracts from the gameplay, so it's unnecessary, merely a design choice by the developers. But it's well executed and gives the game a retro feel. From a gameplay and aesthetic point of view, the comparison to Another World is not undeserved.Pros:* Atmosphere* Well done pixel art* Semi-challenging platform action* Homouristic pop culture references (Major Tom, PEANUT civilisation, Red Dwarf, ...)Cons:* Requires keyboard/mouse, no couch platformer* Some parts rely too much on platform-spamming* Some required objects are easy to missMinor nitpicks:* Use of the cliché ""enemy that can be stunned but not killed""* Enemies that respawn every time you pass their spawn point"
76561198078056281,Recommended,311010,23238433,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,deebsdude,"A solid adventure game with some clever puzzles, but sometimes punishing platforming. The beauty of this game rests in the art, story and music. These elements create a great atmosphere that is a delight to be in. Most of the puzzles require logic, not clue hunting, which I really appreciated. I didn't appreciate the fact that once you had figured out how to solve a puzzle/problem, on occasion, it required precision accuracy and timing in order to proceed. This lead to frustration o'plenty. Good news is that this only happened a couple of times, but it was bad enough to make me quit for awhile. If you like this genre of game, it is definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,311010,28669074,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Maurycy,A really good Another World-like game with engaging story and atmosphere. The core of the gameplay is built around the puzzles which are very approachable but at the same ime challenging. I've encountered one bug which required me to restart the game but beyond that the polish is high.
,Recommended,311010,25848562,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,b82a,"Awesome story, beautiful art, puzzles are interesting and hard enough. Simply great."
,Recommended,311010,24640406,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Cylill,"Good puzzles, hard platforming, amazing environments.  It was like playing Flashback for the first time again."
,Recommended,311010,24611708,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,monoculo_jim,Fantastic game that perfectly captures the spirit of classic adventures like Flashback or The Dig. Beautiful.
76561197979970563,Recommended,311010,33964091,Posted: 1 August,all,Israel Blargh!,"I loved this game and made an analysis video of it, here it is if you're interested.https://youtu.be/YXeh3ZS3fxoToodles!"
,Not Recommended,311010,33358902,Posted: 7 July,all,Gargoylenbe ✌,- Instant failure states- No warning/windup animations- infrequent checkpointsThese make the game incredibly frustrating to play and discourage trial and error or exploration.
76561198030925577,Recommended,311010,29006768,Posted: 4 January,all,Twitchi,"This is an awesome game well worth the price (on sale) and time I spent on it,The aesthetic is right up my ally with the 8bit gritty styles invoking a feel much like blade runner or the inspirational games for this genre, Another world and FlashbackThe Puzzles where of a fairly high caliber but you can tell they where running low on ideas by the final levels where it dissolves into precision control jump fest, but the first 4/5ths of this game are solid as you likeThe audioscape really stood out for me though. stings, pad and theremins are all used to great effect bring forth a spooky future edgy sound.. love itAll in all if you love the style, buys the game. If you live puzzling platformers buy the game. If you chill out to COD\battlefront, maybe this isn't the one for you"
,Recommended,311010,28694578,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,cementedshoe,Wov!!! Almost like playing Flashback or Future Shock first time. Hats off!!!
,Not Recommended,311010,24618995,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Shemetz,"I don't normally write reviews for games.""The Way"" really tries to be a real game. It combines adventure, puzzle, stealth, platforming, even a small bullet hell section.And, at the end of the day, it really is a real game. It's just a pretty bad one.So, here's what I liked and disliked (I finished the game):+ The graphics are definitely great. Very good pixel art, a lot of times.+ The music is great, although it's a bit too repetitive in some of the puzzle sections.- There are simply not enough checkpoints. The game is too punishing when you make a mistake: you instantly die, and the checkpoint is almost always way more backwards than what you'd expect. If the developers literally doubled the number of checkpoints and put them inbetween the current ones, then it would be only slightly less forgiving than the average game.- The control over the character feels awkward. You can walk, run, jump, crouch, shoot, use a special ability, or jump while running - and any combination of those is simply not possible. It feels too constricting and annoying. More than that, the basic movement is hard to control - controlling your speed for jumps, walking/running, are hard. There is almost no air control, and that's bad.+ The puzzles are sometimes smart and interesting.- The puzzles are frequently too long. There is one puzzle where you deflect a beam of light with your shield, towards a mirror, so that it hits a tiny barrier in a grid of barriers, so that later when you activate a laser those barriers will deflect it in a way that makes the ""sum"" of all the lasers in the grid look exactly like a certain shape. Sure, it's overcomplicated, but that's not the problem - the problem is that after understanding this and succeeding with it you need to REPEAT IT THREE MORE TIMES. There's no reason to extend a puzzle this much after the player already managed to solve it. Another fine example is the ice-maze-like part in the desert where you need to manually give preemptive directions to an automatic floating cube to solve a puzzle which you can only see during the attempt. The puzzle is long and that's fine, but the cube itself moves too slowly, and after it fails to reach the goal it takes the time to completely reverse its path back to the starting point, only slightly faster, while you sit there and just wait for it to finish already. Oh, and did I mention that the cube responds to your U/D/L/R instructions as if it were rotated 90 degrees? Yeah. Oh, and it doesn't even stay in place for a small amount of time if it's trying to do an invalid action, plus it starts at a corner, so simply figuring out that it's rotated 90 degrees was very annoying and counterintuitive.+ The plot is okay.- The sound effects are sometimes fine and sometimes lacking. The bark/howl that Tincan makes, and the whistle that the character makes to call him, are both too short and unrealistic and quite annoying.+ The environments are very cool, and all the small details of the documents and writings on walls in certain areas really add to them. One of the best parts of the game.So, overall impression of the game:A great pixel artist, a great musician, a great programmer and an awful game designer combined forces to make a game. It worked, it just...had lots of game design flaws in it and had nothing particularly impressive or creative about it. That's it, really.Not recommended. There's better games out there that do any or all genres of this one better."
76561197995103405,Not Recommended,311010,28555129,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,"WAIT, don't shoot!","First of all:WARNING: THIS GAME HAS A BULLET-HELL BOSSFIGHT. DON'T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HATE THAT SH*T.Now as for the game itself: For everything that is GOOD about this game (and there is some good stuff to be enjoyed here) there is an equal amount of BAD that just ruins your whole experience. For this reason (and the BH) I can't recommend this game to anyone.The first level is great, the next is good, the next ok... you get the picture. The ""West Generator"" level should be renamed the ""Worst Level Ever Generated"" because it is absolutely terrible. However the final level is simply excruciating! It's totally out-of-place with the rest of the game and I guess that's the main problem in general.This game is such a mishmash of styles that it doesn't know what sort of game it really is. Now blending game-play styles is not a bad thing by itself (many games have done it well) however this game never manages to get any style quite right. The platforming is awkward and it's not always clear what you can stand on. The shooting is weird; enemies can shoot through things that block your shots. One enemy can tele-frag you after begin shot and there's nothing you can do about it. The puzzles are boring same-old, except for the programming puzzle (yes, there is a coding puzzle) which is implemented badly and is just an awful experience (and I like coding puzzles). And Bullet-Hell? in a platforming level? what about in a boss-fight with a movement speed of a snail?It all just ends up being rage-quit material and that is the very definition of bad level/gameplay design."
,Not Recommended,311010,28855161,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Human Shield,"A decent 2/3rds that goes way down hill at the West and South Generators. Slow tedious puzzles and frustrating platforming replaces the normal gameplay and sinks playablity. Story telling and world building drops as new aliens appear for 1 scene and disappear, characters foreshadowed are just sequel bait after the credits, and cliche twists drive the game down."
76561197991586360,Recommended,311010,24284882,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Tetsuo 6.7,Much like Flashback and Another World
,Recommended,311010,23234982,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Die AIDS Schnitte,Awesome Puzzles. Good Story.Simple to tell you that this is an 5* Game!
76561197972396677,Recommended,311010,33363994,Posted: 7 July,all,jorb,Excellent puzzles and story. 9/10!
,Recommended,311010,23264307,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,The Mighty Doove,"Really cool game I rate a good 8/10awesome sci fi worldbeautiful pixel artchallenging! with some great puzzlesHowever, the game kinda loses it near the end and the last level is just plain awful with a pathetic end boss but the story does pay off well.whilst the game doesn't feel exactly short there's is definitly more here and something set in the same universe would be awesome."
76561198039471850,Recommended,311010,23337988,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,pedromgardete,"Finished the game today. It's true that some puzzles are frustrating; but they're not insurmountable. The difficulty level is about right. Overall, great fun!"
,Recommended,311010,23295111,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,CallMeDropsy,"OUTSTANDING.Fantastic writing, fantastic immersion, fantastic puzzles, fantastic platforming. A really faithful continuation of the spirit  of classic adventure platformers from the past. FAIR WARNING: if you remember how difficult games like Another World were, The Way carries on those traditions - this is not a walking simulator. It's TOUGH, but fair. Highly enjoyable."
76561197972710279,Recommended,311010,23296839,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Wayfaerer,"The Way is an Another World/Flashback-esque adventure, platform, puzzle game. Overall, it tries to capture the look and feel of these old classic games, and mostly captures it. I really applaud the developers on their effort especially considering this is an indie title designed by a couple of people.However, some puzzles and action pieces of the game are (as of the current version) really awful. The game presents itself as a very atmospheric adventure game with some puzzle elements, but in some cases it turnes into a Nintento hard, frustrating memorization game with extremely precise hit detection that tries to tire you down into rage quitting it.Pros:- Extremely good visuals and on par soundtrack.- Captivating environments that goes hand in hand with the story.- Kind of classic but well-executed storyline.- Some level of drama that makes you care for the characters.Cons:- Some of the most infuriating puzzle and platforming sequences I've seen for some number of years.- From time to time you forget that you are playing a story-driven adventure game but a game with silly frustrating puzzles.- In some cases, horrible pixel precise hit detection.- Too few cut scenes that makes you want more of the story.In short, I recommend the game but really you have to be a patient player to overcome some of the puzzles and platforming elements. On the other hand, if a new player wants to recapture the adventure puzzle games of early 90's with all its bizzare and frustrating puzzles, look no further than ""The Way""P.S. to developers: I think ""The Way"" has been a very poor choice of name since it is so common of a game name element, when searching for a content for the game on the Internet, it mixes up with a ton of other games."
,Recommended,311010,23323191,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,MADDHATTER,It is one of my favorite games to play right now. It\'s worth it to pay full price just to support the developer. Controller works good too
76561197970328256,Recommended,311010,23270190,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,^1Dauingen,"Loved it! We need more games like this. Great story, and puzzles."
76561197987735549,Recommended,311010,23280148,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Jackie TreeHorn,"Very good game.The puzzles are well built, not too hard, not too easy just the right difficulty level.Fans of Another World or its cousin Flashback will be very satisfied with the graphics,controls, and some of the references in level, weapon and puzzle design.Usually indie games lack the depth and content of this game, so I think the game is very well priced at 14,99 euros.Some keyboard glitches here and there (keys get stuck and you continue walking even without pressing the keys) and some minor graphical nuisances like a ladder that isn't obviously usable on a wall that you bypass easily will occasionally make you angry but didn't the 90's game have these bugs anyway?  :)9.2/10"
76561197991268835,Recommended,311010,24165714,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[Broder] Fabbe,"Controls are a bit unpolished in some parts, save points a bit malplace.All in all: love it anyway.Adventure, alien archeology, puzzles(bit uneven in difficulty), some action. Story. Wonderful pixelart(most of it).The dig and Another world had a child pretty much. <3 <3 <3"
76561198010403528,Recommended,311010,30816662,Posted: 29 March,all,Sgt. Zim,excellent game with a brillant scifi story. nice puzzles and mechanics. graphics were very well done.the game gave me an almost blade runner vibe which is top notch
,Recommended,311010,27257642,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stu Pickler,"Beautiful game, the puzzles are interesting and the story keeps you hooked until the end"
76561198041187156,Recommended,311010,24601772,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ouroboros,"Summary: A really awesome game overall; the platforming isn't perfect, and you'll want to turn on autorun, but other than that it's pretty great.Music: 6/10. Didn't really stand out to me, but it didn't hurt my ears either. Neutral.Graphics: 10/10. Absolutely gorgeous artwork, creative environment design... perfect.Gameplay: 8/10. Engaging and fun puzzles. The more action-y or platformer-y sequences do sometimes leave something to be desired, but they're mostly still solid too. The only majorly negative gameplay element is that your character's two speeds are 'Overly Casual Amble' and 'Wheeeeeeee!', which do not combine well with the Castlevania-esque jump physics. You get used to it though.Story: 9/10. Ending wasn't the best, but other than that, it was a pretty awesome adventure story.Overall: 9/10. This one is definitely a classic."
,Recommended,311010,25546346,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Funky M,"If you have ever experienced games such as Prince of Persia, Another World, Flashback, Heart of Darkness or the Oddworld games, then you're in for a treat.The Way is a scrolling puzzle-platformer with a sci-fi setting and a philosophical question for you to answer; how far would you go to bring back the one you love? The graphics are in the style of retro puzzle-platform games (Another World/Flashback) and are suited quite nicely. The levels and puzzle design are solid enough but too varied in difficulty - while hard to get right, the difficulty should be more streamlined as I found some puzzles to spike immensely in difficulty at inconvenient times (especially the West Generator puzzle, which I felt had no logic behind it). The plaforming sections of this game are decent, as long as you can get the timing right for jumping. Story, dialogue and character development are a little lackluster, and the setting could have been explored more thoroughly to help immerse the players into the game and story.In all, for a game made by a handful of people, this was a great experience I thoroughly enjoyed, and I'm looking forward to the next title Puzzling Dream will be working on."
,Recommended,311010,25809712,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Sire,"The Way is a throwback to classics such as Another World and Flashback, with more focus on puzzles and story rather than action.You play as a man who's wife is dead and your first order of business is to dig up her body and take it to an Alien world, where, you've heard of a way of achieving eternal life in order to bring her back. The premise is simple but effective and you slowly learn more of the small cast of characters, aliens and world you go to but things are kept ""cryptic"" enough for you to fill in the blanks.Gameplay is pretty simple and works well on Mouse and Keyboard (though I haven't tried the gamepad) and it's your standard fare of movement, ducking/crawling, sprinting and aiming. You get an Alien Sphere later in the game that upgrades that will allow you to move objects or reflect bullets and light beams. While it sounds simple, there are parts of the game that will test your platforming skills or reflexes.Now, this is where the game will make or break the experience for most people: it can be hard. Death is really really damn common because certain parts require such precision and one mistake will send you back to the checkpoint. Luckily, checkpoints are usually everywhere and in good spots, though some areas, usually those that require a decent amount of platforming, will only have a checkpoint after a long section so a death at the very end will send you all the way back and lead to some frustration. Death is also a one-hit deal, everything in the game will kill you in a one hit and there's no health bar or anything that will change that, falling from too high is also going to kill you so keep that in mind as well.The puzzles are the high part of the game, though with Another World as the foundation The Way was laid upon, they can get a little obtuse if you don't pay attention. But nothing in the game is so obtuse that you're going to have to look up a guide or watch a YouTube video, just pay enough attention and you'll be able to solve everything with enough trial and error. Solving the puzzles is highly satisfying, top marks here.The soundtrack is wonderful with a very Brian Eno/80's inspired feel it sets the mood of the landscapes perfectly, the pixel art is also really good though the animation isn't up to the roto-scoping of Prince of Persia and Another World but it isn't bad at all. The vistas you ecounter and places you explore are also really well detailed and they all have a great aesthetic.Overall a short, but great experience."
,Recommended,311010,25782045,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Salbris,"Overall I liked this game but only the complete experience not the puzzles by themselves. The story is wonderful, the aesthetics are incredible (the pixel art especially) and the controls are pretty smooth. I can totally see where some of the negative reviews are coming from the puzzles of the game are it's weakest part. Anyone coming into this game should understand that it's best feature is not it's puzzles. Especially for the fact that about 25% of the challenges are combat and platforming.Why do I think the puzzles are the worst feature? Well there are wide range in this game, some are very simple, some are simple yet horrible conviluded, some are excellent, and others are just alright. I think my favourite are ones that tie together the story with the puzzle where you are unlocking things to progress the story such as the first puzzle where you power your ship. I found all the puzzles to be fair and easy to understand with one exception that I had to use trial and error until it worked but that was just one tiny part of a larger puzzle. Some of the my least favourite puzzles were ones that required you to go back and forth from one point to another repeatedly, they are far too easy to figure out the solution yet the work required is immense and annoying. Another puzzle type I hated are those rotate or shift puzzles where each time you move a piece it moves all the pieces around it. They aren't particularly interesting puzzles and they are mostly just annoying, there is about 10% of the puzzles in this category.One weird design choice is that there are very few instructions to these puzzles, you must reason out how it works by poking and proding. This kind of design is great for games like Talos or The Witness where they are 99% puzzle (and good ones) but this game offers very simply puzzles. The clash of design means that players who don't like puzzles will be stuck there more than they should and may give up before getting to the good bits."
,Recommended,311010,29447078,Posted: 23 January,all,Krünchy Zeirus,"What a ride. If you love games like Flashback and especially Heart of Darkness, i.e. demanding pixel games, then this is for you. I enjoyed it from beginning to the end... Except you, action cube, damn you to hell."
,Not Recommended,311010,31420746,Posted: 28 April,all,senzai3,Too many puzzles that requires trial and error rather than thinking.Too easy to die and long walk to get between points.Too few hints/guides available.Only positive is the art and music.
76561198013697341,Recommended,311010,23279609,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,bai_ganyo,"Didn't expect such a big and diverse game.New rules to the gameplay and new forms of puzzles get introduced regularly, making the different levels/stages unique and interesting. The story unfolds to majestic proportions until the very end.Anyone who cherishes beautiful pixel art I can't persuade better than watching the trailer."
76561198227063536,Recommended,311010,30492186,Posted: 13 March,all,Dosgamer92,"Great little game with a killer scifi story and atmosphere, Recommended if you like solving puzzels."
76561198019208025,Recommended,311010,24562974,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Raganisiu,"Total awesome Old School game! Not very easy and some riddles are very tricky...totally satisfied from the begin to the end. A stunning plot, too"
76561198040653599,Not Recommended,311010,27916470,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jeanette,When the controls make the difficulty of the game it's time to rethink your design. What started as a promising Another World clone quickly turns into an exercise of frustration. Platforming is unbearable and the controls just hinder the experience. I played on both gamepad and mouse/keyboard and neither work well. Not reccomended.
76561198033183961,Not Recommended,311010,23191879,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Okrum,"Really wanted to like this game. Nice pixelised old school art, good music and sound effect, good story etc.....but it's way too hard to be enjoyable. Trying to get on the same platform or walk through carnivorous plants 15 times is challenging, fine I get it...but when you try the same thing for the 30th + times it gets extremely frustrating.The difficulty kind of takes the fun out of the game. Sorry developpers, the game looks good but unless something is done to adjust the difficulty, I won't be playing or recommending it anymore...---EDIT---:I guess I wasn't that wrong when I said the game was frustratingly hard....since the Devs have patched the game and adjusted the difficulty. It was needed... Will give it another try and report back."
76561197970527998,Not Recommended,311010,23615390,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Kwazi,"Ugh, what a pain of game. Not sure if i'm going to bother continuing. My initial LOVE for it has been sucked dry by dying millions of times on arbitrary jumping and timing puzzles without enough actual content to keep me engaged. BUT the darn content after suffering the through the puzzles is so enticing. At current suffering levels I just cannot recommend it. I'll try again tomorrow after I've cooled off."
,Not Recommended,311010,23210929,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Mike Green Tea,"It was okay, and then I got to the temples and it became a puzzle game with really frustrating controls and it was less okay. Sounds cut out constantly. Looks like you can remap controls, but twist, some buttons can't be remapped -- for example, if you try to put your ""open powers"" button (a button weirdly listed as ""next weapon"" in the controls menu) to the left trigger, it makes the left trigger the ""fire weapon"" button. Wat? Also, the run button never worked -- I just ran always even with always run off. Weird.Finally got to a puzzle I didn't get at all, and just didn't care enough to keep going anymore. Mostly just made me want to play Another World and Flashback :/"
,Recommended,311010,23378943,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Shadow the Edgehog,"You start the game with digging your wife from your grave, and stealing your company's spaceship,Should I continue, about how awesome this game is?"
,Recommended,311010,24497920,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Malificarr,"Great story, beautiful art & sound direction. Also happens to be a good game."
,Not Recommended,311010,28773274,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Shogun,"I bought this game hoping to have an experience. Anything really, Its too bad it constantly crashes before any substance. I wouldnt recommend anyone buys this untill its fixed."
76561198123246641,Not Recommended,311010,31399912,Posted: 27 April,all,blanxart,"Could not event start the game. After switching to debug build all I got was this message: 'java' is not recognized as an internal or external command, operable program or batch file."
,Recommended,311010,23181811,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Rockness Monstah,"This game is great so far!  I get a little annoyed when I die and I have to start from the beginning because I haven't hit the next checkpoint, but that's okay, kids nowadays need to learn how to deal with death in a video game.  I was getting kind of tired of games making it so easy.  The story so far is captivating and definitely pulls you in.  Get this game if you enjoyed Flashback, Out of this World, Gemini Rue, Blade Runner, etc.Also, whoever the DEVs picked to produce the music to this game did a fantastic job!  it's the kind of music that can be left on in the background while you do things around the house.  Perfect!  10/10TL;DR - Yes, I recommend you buy this game."
,Recommended,311010,30144856,Posted: 24 February,all,Sacaldur,"I bought the game for 55 % off, but it's worth its full price. It contains enough good puzzles, has beautiful environments, and an interesting story. Overall, a well made game."
76561198065433586,Recommended,311010,30200072,Posted: 26 February,all,TheRealNorr,"If a game makes me cry after the ending, its a really good game.Cons:- REALLY HARD and slow paced puzzles that can frustrate you to oblivion- Punishing checkpoints- Derpy movement of your character (though this isnt really an issue that needs to be fixed, its just annoying)- Few collectibles and secrets- no Replay valuePros:+ Absolutley stunning how beautiful this game is in terms of level design, art style and graphics+ Great soundtrack, combined with the art style creates an amazing atmosphere+ 7 Hour Campaign  (in the beginning it felt like it was going to be really short, but no)+ Fantastic story+ Well designed HARD puzzles (atleast most of them)+ Platforming is OK+ Combat is OK------------------I love this game, even though sometimes when i got stuck on those hard puzzles, the story just kept me going, and because of that this game is one of my most favourite ""pixel"" ""indie"" games. but id give it a 8/10 at most.And i can only recommend it to people that are Good at Puzzles and/or have alot of determination.I only hope Puzzling Deams keeps making amazing games like this one. :D"
,Recommended,311010,31229555,Posted: 18 April,all,Mozai,"Delighful game in the vein of Prince of Persia or Another World, with a better story.  The action/timing puzzles would get frustrating, but savepoints are automatic and generous.  The music really raises the experience to the next tier."
,Recommended,311010,30360953,Posted: 6 March,all,SquishyRat,"OK, I can recommend this game, but not without warnings concerning the negative points.-- PROS --• ART - The art is BEAUTIFUL, and takes you to the strange worlds it presents in a wonderful sense of scale. The game makes you feel small among these strange ruins, something that a lot of full 3D games cannot portray because of the First Person view point. There are strengths to the sidescrolling 2D pixel art, and The Way focuses on those in its visual presentation.• STORY - Moving and unique. I enjoyed the struggle this man goes through to try and save his wife. Being married myself, I felt more connected to his purpose.• MUSIC - Simple, but fits well with the narrative.• PUZZLES - I was able to complete them all just fine. You just need to pay attention, and some trial and error (but now this leads into the cons)...-- CONS --• PUZZLES and PLATFORMING and CONTROLS - Some puzzles are accomplished by trial and error, which is fine, but can get tedious, especially when your auto save puts you all the way back to a point and you have to do it ALL over again. For example, there is a puzzle that requires re-directing water over mutiple screens. That's fine, but in order to do it, you have to jump on small ledges that any mistep you fall to your death, and have to start the whole process over again. I really think this is where The Way is poorly executed. The challenge isn't the puzzle, but the PLATFORMING, having to jump just right in order to progress. On top of that, I'm playing with a mouse and keyboard, which are not very good to play with in this game if you want to jump on small platforms perfectly. It got to a point where I was very close to just quitting and watch YouTube. But the graphics and story pulled me back. I was asking myself ""is this a platforming game? if so, the controls need to be better"" I played Another World, and though hard, I felt is was fair in it's design. The Way sometimes went out of it's way to make it tedious, not smart.• FINAL CONFRONTATION and MORE PLATFORMING - The end battleis a bullethell battle. Some might like bullet hells, but I do not. I didn't buy this game expecting to have to slog through a bullethell boss only to die with one mistake then start it ALL OVER AGAIN. Mind you, again, I'm using my keyboard for this.You can't make an adventure game like this, but give benefits to those that own a game controller.Do I even need to mention the slog that was the generator with all the spikes that needed PERFECT jumping. I didn't feel accomplished after that, I just felt angry at the design, and how it was very unnecessary.If the DEVS are reading this, I understand it is your game, and you are free to design how you want. I respect that, but the platforming wasn't fun for me. The controls are not good enough to for the platforming sections and really hurts the overall game.-- CONCLUSION --The Way did a fantastic job of sweeping me to another world (pun intended) and grab me with the protagonist's struggle. Unfortunately, the poor platforming design and controls keep this game from being flawless. Still, I would recommend it for those who enjoy a good pixel art sci-fi adventure."
76561198070188402,Recommended,311010,31353880,Posted: 25 April,all,Nico_FR,"Good game, story and puzzle :)I'm not a big fan of the gameplay (using gun with stick), this is really disturbing and so difficult to be precise...but I had a great moment with this game."
,Recommended,311010,31368100,Posted: 25 April,all,NevetCS CSGOPoints.com,"Bought this game for the purpose of speedrunning. I have yet to finish it, however I can say that the game is fantastic. It encourages expoloration with ""memories"", which are the names for 7 different cutscenes involving the main character and his wife (when his wife was alive). These can be found, sometimes by linear means, other times by taking an alternate route. The story is fantastic, the art is stunning. The puzzles are always different and builds on elements of previous puzzles but with a twist. From time to time, you may need to look up a LP to understand a puzzle, but usually you can find out what it wants pretty quickly. I will defniitely be replaying this game.Story: 8/10Visuals: 10/10Audio: 7/10 - sound effects are mediocre, music is great but if you get stuck on a puzzle it gets a bit redundant.Uniqueness: 8/10Puzzles: 9/10 - due to the need to sometimes write things down or look up an LPOverall: 9/10, I bumped it from the average of 8.4 to 9 because the game is simply breathtaking at times."
,Recommended,311010,31761181,Posted: 14 May,all,meat,"8/10Enjoyed this. Some of the puzzles were confusing (to begin and to complete) but that's kind of the point. Not as much action as I would have liked. Some of the writings on the walls about life, eternity, consciousness, etc. I really liked. Good soundtrack, tone, environments, style.A man searches through space for a way to bring his wife back to life - I had to see this one through."
,Recommended,311010,23847116,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SirBittle,"This game is excellent and defied all my expectations. I stumbled across it a few weeks back and added it to my wishlist, thinking the art looked amazing and the vibe was reminiscient of Another World - a game I also enjoyed. Come time for the Summer Sale I decided it was time to check it out and wow, am I surprised.The art is amazing as is obvious, but as you're moving around and interacting with the world it looks both beautiful and is immersive. The audio, ambience, and music all add to that. And the story... I'm not an emotional person but this tugged on my heart strings more than once. The gameplay itself is excellent. The puzzles are smart without being too difficult.The few downsides: Some areas it was frustrating to have to go back and forth all the time as I figured out a puzzle. This may be intentional to make you suffer a bit, or maybe just to artificially extend the length of the game. Not really sure. Either way it didn't stop me from keeping on it, and as much as part of me wanted to I was able to complete all the puzzles without having to look up any answers.I did encounter one or two very small bugs but otherwise, flawless. The bug I'm thinking of caused an enemy to disappear for some reason but otherwise didn't affect anything.On sale or not, you should check out this game. I couldn't help but play through it all in nearly all one sitting (about 6.7 hours)."
76561198301517368,Recommended,311010,23547932,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,aisellers666,"The way was an awesome game. The puzzles were perfectly balanced so that they were difficult but possible to figure out after thinking them over. There were very logical solutions to the puzzles not just random solutions you would never think of like some games have. The story was great,the graphics were legit, and the game play, powers, and creatures were amazing. If you don't have patience you may not like this game because you probably will die a lot and have to repeat certain tasks until you get them just right. I would give it a solid 4.6 out of five.ProsGreat graphics.Perfect puzzles.Cool powers.Sweet storyline.Crazy creatures.Good gameplay.ConsChallenging( if that can be considered a con).Repetitous (expect to have to repeat some tasks)"
76561198006249533,Recommended,311010,23633228,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Olrikus,PROs:Really nice pixel art.Great atmosphere.Nice music.Descent puzzles most of the time.CONs:Final boss and some chasing sequeances feel out of place.Story is somewat forgettable.I like it.
,Recommended,311010,23445041,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,LaJanter,"I prefer to call this a Flashback-like game, not Another World; though comparisons can be annoying.Absolutely recommended game, kept me going till the very end, awesome (and amazingly told) story, beautiful environments, though I'd tweek the controller support a little bit, is nothing that will ultimately compromise your gaming experience. Go, play it, give it time and feel rewarded for your efforts."
,Recommended,311010,23452176,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,CBrown,"Such a good game. Six hours of pure bliss (and frustration but that's part of any good puzzle game) immersed in gorgeous graphics, a fantastic soundtrack and puzzles that challenged me quite a bit.The only negative aspects I can think of is that the controls could do with a bit more polish as they more than once tripped me up. But other than that the game is fantastic. It never gets boring, you can play it in small chunks or marathon it, whichever you prefer. The price point was right for me and the designers really deserve the attention.If you're at all a fan of games like Flashback or Out of this World then definitely give this a try."
,Recommended,311010,23177679,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Bat Man,"This is one of my favourite games I have played this year. The art, world, atmosphere, puzzles and action are sublime. The graphics, music and story come together perfectly to create a hauntingly beautiful world to explore and understand.  Some of the puzzles are fiendishly difficult at first, and you will benefit from a pen and paper for a lot of them. However, once the solution is found it seems like the answer was staring you in the face all along....a hallmark of good puzzle design!As a spiritual successor to Flashback and similar games from a classic era, parts of the game are brutally punishing and it can sometimes feel like trial and error as you explore new areas. However, I felt that the game is much fairer than any of the games it is influenced by. Again, the feeling of satisifaction when you overcome a particularly tricky action sequence is worth the price of admission.Finally, the developer is very active on the Steam Discussion boards and is very responsive to feedback from players, such as adding more autosave points, helping players solve puzzles, and updating as to future patch plans.This game is clearly a labour of love and I look forward to seeing what the developer comes up with next."
76561198262201523,Recommended,311010,23177687,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,stefanflorea.tudor,"I've been waiting for this game to come out since they announced it. I have to say it was well worth the waiting!The game really sets the mood for the futuristic scifi, same like flashback did back in the days.For anyone who loved the old Flashback and Out of this world, this a must!"
76561198012023582,Recommended,311010,23388806,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,lewrker,"Puzzles are challenging, sometimes a bit frustrating, but very rewarding. Setting is interesting, gameplay and controls smooth. Definitely can be finished with just keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,311010,23411477,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ragna,"A 6.5/10 .The story is interesting ,puzzles are fair and inteligent , but the controls are the worst ever made by humanity.The way you use the mouse to shot takes forever , my ps4 controller wont work(work with 95% of my games).Sometimes you have to react fast and it is a 100% death if you can´t as there is no life bar and your main character is made of glass.An almost fail game , but the good story saves it."
76561198033968628,Recommended,311010,23424669,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Lami,"Great story, top notch pixel art, difficult puzzles and fantastic music. Frustrating controls, lots of backtracking at some points. About 10 hours of gameplay for the first playthough and probably you gonna come back for more."
,Recommended,311010,23352413,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Yurai,"I loved every second of this game, even the ones that frustrated me. The visuals, the story, the music... eveything is great.A bit of advice, have a pen and paper with you. You won't be taking crazy amount of notes but it might help out with some of the puzzles."
,Recommended,311010,23597874,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,salty cheescake,"this is one of the first games i felt i should write a review on , needles to say i was impressed , from begging to end i felt that the game did not stop impressing me with not only a really interesting nartive given in a subtle suggestive manor . the art is fantsitic really pulls u in and fails to let go .  the puzzels are hard as nails but fun a real puzzle that makes u feel triumphant for using ur brain ( have a notepad ready you will need it )9.5 / 10"
,Recommended,311010,23224512,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,[C22]-prowokator,"Fun and great looking game. Some of the puzzles are a bit basic, but most of them are pretty neat. It really is a mix of Another World and Flashback, with a load of puzzles on top. Easily worth the price if you don't have the attention span of a sugar high kid. Sure, you might get stuck for a bit here and there, but patience and trial and error will get you through it.I had no problems playing this with mouse and keyboard - didn't even try controller. It's up to you which you like more."
,Recommended,311010,23186523,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,[GS] mov,Love it. Gets challenging towards end. Very atmospheric background music. Nice scifi story :). Nothing more to add.
76561197963477746,Recommended,311010,23194175,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,[.DMFT.] Nonni2Tonn,Beautiful game. Good story. Puzzles hard but not too hard. Good prize.
76561198054728445,Recommended,311010,23250775,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,FuriousClamSalad,"TLDR; Aweseom game with about 10 hours of gameplay and little replayability. Still worth it IMO.This game delivered everything that I hoped it would: A retro nostalgia, a moving story line, with some humour and pop culture references on the side.The game took me 9.7hours to finish. Many of the puzzels were just at the right level of difficulty, though some were so difficult I had to look up what the puzzle *was* before I could even attempt a solution.Some complained about the two game squences that were not at all platformers, and whilst these sequences were a bit crap, they were not hard, and didn't get in the way of my enjoyment of the game.I may replay this just for the achievements, though given that most of the fun is in the story line, and in solving the puzzles, I'm not sure how fun this is going to be."
76561198072932385,Recommended,311010,23245614,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,coats,I definately see the comparisons to Another World. It's very challenging. You'll die a lot but love it.
76561198104205680,Recommended,311010,29851875,Posted: 11 February,all,Mantooth,Great game.
,Recommended,311010,30072383,Posted: 20 February,all,whiteleyj,"Loved the Game, about to go through a second time. Challengeing and never racking at times but wonderfully presented. Thank you, And I look forward to any future work."
76561197991852165,Recommended,311010,29709294,Posted: 4 February,all,Evaler,"It might be nostalgia, but I think this game is a beautilful peace of art. Thank YOU for bringing it to the community!The puzzles can be challenging, but patience and ingenuity is always more rewarding than ""Googling it"".If you enjoy great adventure/!STORY!/puzzle games than the $14.99 USD, full price is 100% worth it."
,Recommended,311010,23966563,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,kreiger,"Edit again: The annoyance i had have been fixed, so now i'm changing my review to a recommendation. Previous review continues below.----So angry right now. I've tried a hundred times to not get eaten by the bloody desert sandworm.I know exactly what to do. And i've been oh so close two times.The jumping controls are terrible, but still there are annoying jumping puzzles. They're not fun. You will die many many times.The character cannot jump immediately after landing, so when you press jump after landing at the edge of a platform, instead the character will fall.The rest of the game is awesome, but i cannot pass this point. I'm sad now.Edit: Many tries later, i finally succeed to get past the sandworm, and the almost equally annoying jumping-on-spikes action immediately after, only to have the game later turn into a platforming bullet hell with enemies who will randomly teleport into you and instakill you.When this game decides it wants to be a puzzle adventure, it's great.Unfortunately a lot of the time the game decides it wants to be an unforgiving random instadeath platformer without the tight controls needed to make up for it.I hope you like frustration, instadeath, and replaying the same 30 seconds over and over, because then you will love this game."
76561198151258531,Recommended,311010,33959432,Posted: 1 August,all,Demonic Blight,"The game is pretty enjoyable. Nice music, beautiful landscapes, not that hard but not that easy either puzzles. Also I like the way they implemented thoughts of the main character (with floating text). The puzzles actually are easy to beat if you pay attention to details. The main difficulty is to get what puzzle want's you to do, then you need only a sheet of paper to make notes along the way and you will go through the puzzles in a breeze.But there is also a part which is frustrating. The animals on a planet. They can be very frustrating to deal with at some places so you can expect difficulty spikes in the playthrough.Also falling damage. Dunno if I should laugh or cry about being killed by stairs and cliffs a bunch of times. >_>It makes main character look more like a normal human though. Which is a good thing in my opinion.Overall 8.5\10. It would've been 10\10 if not for frustrating animals."
76561197970615726,Recommended,311010,34191892,Posted: 12 August,all,SouskeSagura,A very fun game that is also tough and unforgiving very similar to Another World but with more complex puzzles.
76561198175445865,Recommended,311010,34247557,Posted: 14 August,all,freefood024,"easily a game I'd revisit every year, much like heart of darkness."
76561198028058094,Recommended,311010,34204324,Posted: 12 August,all,Flashy Dave,"I haven't been too much into adventure games since i was a kid, but I'm really enjoying this game! Great setting/music/feels. Also, perhaps most importantly for some people, the puzzles are legit. Some are very tough."
76561197971943918,Recommended,311010,34943214,Posted: 13 September,all,Feanor,"The Way is a really good game. It is a puzzle platformer leaning heavily towards the puzzle side. The puzzles itself are just right, not too easy not too difficult. The platforming is similiar, there are a few places which can be a bit frustrating if you do not play platformers very often like me but the game autosaves rather generous and after you die you are brought back immediatly after a button press.The story is very good, nothing mindblowing but it absolutly serves its purpose and sets the tone just right.The pixelart is nothing short of amazing, highly detailed and varied enough to never get boring.The controls are good. My playthrough was with mouse and keyboard which might be even better if you want to have an easier time at certain parts but at the very least they work without a problem.Personally there were no real cons for me, the only thing which comes to mind is that some people might think it's too short. It took me about 10 hours including unlocking every achievement but for the price tag its fine.If you want a good challenge with hardly any frustrations especially for your brain this is for you."
,Recommended,311010,34923960,Posted: 13 September,all,hoob,"If you like games like Heart of Darkness, Flashback or Another World, this will probably be very up your alley. Some gameplay segments (particularly action segments) are a little janky, and the checkpoints are painfully spaced out, but it's worth muscling through those issues."
76561198099469701,Recommended,311010,35076732,Posted: 19 September,all,reagan.wilkins,"This game made me break out the ol' pencil and paper for some of its puzzles.It was irritating, but not to the point where I wanted to give up. That made it much more satisfying when I FINALLY did understand the puzzles.The story is the main driving point for me. If you're into love stories where the main character's love is so DEEP, DESPERATE, and DEDICATED that they will literally stop at nothing for the faintest hope of holding their loved one in their arms, then you will empathize entirely with the main character.UNFORTUNATELY...there are memes in this.This is, *in fact*, memes.The early 2010s memery going on in the beginning of the game is easily the worst part of the experience. We're talking ""Dang nature, you scary!"" level memes here. I guess, in terms of story, this could reflect the main character's immaturity at the beginning of his journey, but...it just comes off as unfitting for the tone the game so successfully creates later on. It's like if you were playing *To the Moon* and every now and then a character from *Guacamelee* would show up and say ""bro"" ironically.Throughout the game, the puzzles just keep getting harder and (seemingly) less fair. It really puts you in the shoes of the protagonist. The only way you're going to beat this game is if you're as completely and utterly dedicated to seeing this story through to the end as he is.The pros outweigh the cons, and the memes were the only con in the entire game. Granted, I did see one death coming from a mile away, and one of the puzzles is just a gigantic time sponge (hence the paper and pencil), but it still left me completely satisfied with my purchase.Clever puzzles, clever mechanics, frustrating (but not impossible) moments that lead to triumphant victories, and a surprising amount of depth to the story makes this game stand out in the VERITABLE OCEAN of retro adventure pixel sidescrollers on Steam.If you're into puzzles and story, support the developers and purchase this game....dawg."
