user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,311260,35278999,Posted: 28 September,all,"Eciek ""Smash"" High Ground","I’m gonna straight up say this,  some of you guys may have seen my reddit post already (InsertWittyNameHere) but this game in its current state is honestly not what we expected from all the videos: right now everyone who is new to the franchise should not play it. For veterans like me now is the time to help the devs and get the game on track and the way we want it to be. I love this franchise, it may even be wierd for me to say this but I love this game too. I see the potential of this game and I see what it can become. The fact they dropped a patch two days later shows they are listening, so instead of ♥♥♥♥♥ing let’s keep sending in reports and help our devs make this game great"
,Recommended,311260,35226705,Posted: 26 September,all,核 Nuclear,"Early Access Review 9/26/17If you are a newcomer to the series, the last paragraph is for you!Most of the game's framework is there, you can see what the devs are going for and if you're a fan of The Guild series, stays pretty true to what it's about. Should definitely mention that it is Early Access and as the devs said, there are bugs and placeholders so if you're looking to buy into this Early Access be aware of that. I think, aside from being a fan of the previous titles, buying into this EA is mostly to give feedback to the devs as testers. The game is going to be sold at a lower price during EA and raised to full price once the game is released ($50/$60USD?)Graphics are a upgrade from Guild 2, however, the priest class is missing from the game. Will update if devs are going to add or not. The character voices are.. Not good, lol, sound a bit like robots reading a script. Game's UI is rough.  MP is currently not playable, devs are still working on it should be ready for release hopefully. In the current build, theres still a lot missing from Guild 2, looking at theroadmap, hopefully this fleshes the game out, I really hope they add more interactions with buildings, doing things inside it, etc. GolemLabs needs to add more to this game gameplay-wise even more things not listed in the roadmap before I consider it better than Guild 2.FOR NEWCOMERS TO THE GUILD SERIESThis game is essentially manage your dynasty as you try to gather wealth and power in Medieval Europe. You start a business (farming, manufacturing, etc) and eventually try to run for a political office. The game right now in Early Access state is a bit rough to play and if you don't know what you're doing you will probably be confused. My guess is, if you have money to spare or know youre going to buy this game, go ahead and grab it while it's discounted before full release. If you're on the fence I'd suggest just waiting til full release and to get a full taste of the game rather than it in it's current EA state.Final thoughtsOverall, how they go about this early access will really decide if they make or break the game, are they going to go Divinity 2 route and do Early Access right or fumble along and ruin the series? As of right now, game is too risky for a buy and but give it a few months in early access. I'd say mostly for fans of The Guild series it's a cautious buy. If you're new to the series I'd definitely say sit and wait on updates. I feel most of the negative reviews are people not really understanding what Early Access entails or even bothered to read what the dev had to say about the early access build so I wouldn't put much stock into these reviews."
76561198060410779,Not Recommended,311260,35235117,Posted: 26 September,all,MissFoz,"Steam really needs to enforce some minimum standards for Early Access games. Being in a playable state should be at the top of that list.I have loved and supported this series and looked forward to the release for years. Unfortunately, in 6 years* of development, the game is nowhere near ready for EA. If the devs believed this game to be in a playable state they were deluding themselves.This is what the developers said this EA release was, vs what it actually is:""...we're nearing completion and balancing/polishing the game..."" - game is nowhere near complete. Requires much more than balances and polishing - large gameplay elements are missing. This release** is a sandbox Alpha test at best.“The only differences will be those made due to feedback from the fans, and of course final fixes"" - The ONLY differences? I certainly hope not (unless they are counting on the fans to finish coding and building the game themselves, like they did with The Guild 2)“Early Access is fully playable but in need of balancing and (performance) optimization."" - Outright lie.All I could do with my character was buy a business and craft the same items over and over. No trade routes meant that I had to micro manage production by sending my transporter to the market to buy resources for my business constantly. If I stopped even for a few minutes, my business would run out of resources and production would cease.I couldn't get court anyone, get married or, you know, build a dynasty.I couldn't upgrade my business to craft more lucrative items.Almost every option and action I clicked was broken/not working.The UI is awful. It looks older and is less user friendly than UI from The Guild 2 (a game over 10 years old)AI pathfinding is terrible (have they copied and pasted the pathfinding from The Guild 2? Characters are still moving along the ground without moving their legs and getting stuck walking into buildings... this is 2017...)I could go on and on about what is missing and what an EA game6 years in developmentshould include as an absolute minimum, but I'm just going to release this review unfinished and hope for the best.EDITS for clarity/correction:*Game has been in development 3 years (going by announcement Sept 2014), not 6 years. I believe the engine has been in development 6 years - thanks to SCARRIOR for bringing this to my attention)**My use of the term ""release"" should be read as Early Access (thanks to L|t|E|Luetti for letting my know of my incorrect terminology). My use of the word release was not intended as a technical term, more in a coloquial sense (in that THQ Nordic have ""released"" this version for Early Access), but thought I should clarify nontheless."
,Recommended,311260,35227201,Posted: 26 September,all,Razors Edge,"We begged them to put it up for early access and we got it.    You cant review an EA game until you see how it progresses.Ive played every series since its first concept and loved it.    Even those had issues that never got worked out with mods from the community.   GIve them time.Thumbs up for making it available to us.Update 9.27.2017:  Game has patched once with improvements to issues reported on loading.  Some of the mechanics are missing as its still in development.   So far ive been able to start a business, upgrade the business, hire workers, get married, have a child, and run for office setup trade routes.  Graphics are nice, sounds are good but see belowMy review stays the same but I listed the features im able to do.Cons: Horrible term because they're still working on them but i'll list them anywayMarkets need balanced as food doesnt appear to be purchased.Menu's need some polish at varous resolutions.Event popups are missing text.Some of the asset tages from the DB appear as the object lables in the game.Character voices can get a bit annoying and some of the ambient sounds are a bit out of sync with the volume of the rest of the sounds (ie birds chirping, rooster, Bells.. etc)"
76561198051177524,Recommended,311260,35347515,Posted: 30 September,all,Gamer Neil,"Neil purchases the game knowing full well what EA is.Neil plays the game with an understanding of EANeil sees bugs and has ideas/feedback..Neil does'nt rip the game apart as he understands the process of EA.Neil will send feedback to the devs.Neil reviews the game with a positive outcome as i fully expect the devs to do a great job.Neil supports the devs.Be like Neil, Neil is nice.So far the game is playable, No crashes so far runs relatively steady. Has missing features and bugs (EA). Long time guild fan. Has high hopes for this game. Keep it up devs. You have my full support."
,Recommended,311260,35234378,Posted: 26 September,all,MrReclusive,"I am confused.And not by the game but the reviews.I purchased this game, then read the reviews, regardless of what the reviews said I was going to buy it anyways.Here is my confusion.Its like people are getting diferent games.Yes this game is EA, Yes it is unfinished, but its no where as bad as half the reviews say it is.Their is some glitches in the UI, there is some placeholder images in their, yes some of the voices are computer generated.For me, to give a EA a bad review is if the game is unplayable.***     PLAYABILITY     ***So is the game playable? YES!It took me about 15 minutes to figure how things work, things are a bit diferent then they were in 1 or 2, but once i figured out the base changes, it just played, and its fine.***     USER INTERFACE     ***Yes their is some glitches/oddness in the UI, but its not game breaking.I quickely learned what these glitches were and how to compensate for them.Ill give you a quick hint. click a little slower.***     Graphics     ***Looks great.One of my biggest graphical compaints in the guild 2 was the people looked like poo.The woman in the guild 3 makes me feel a little better about my dude getting maried to them. in the guild 2 I always thought I would be better marying a farm animal.I haven't noticed to much in the way of graphic glitches or anything.Their is an FPS issue that I cant fully explain.I purchased 2 copies of this game. one for me and one for my wife.I have 2 GTX 1070's in sli, she has R9 270. I was worried after I first launched the game and never got over 30fps, and saw drops below 10but hers ran EXACTLY the same as mine.as a test, I swapped my displays on to my R9 295X2 and played it for a little bit that way, saw over 40fps, and never dropped below 20fps.So do you need a beast of a machine to run the game, I don't think so, my wife has a A8 APU with the R9 270 and 8gb ram.  I have an 8 core FX (people are reporting the same fps on I7's) with dual 1070s and 32gb ram, and they run identical until I switch to the 295X2***     The Game     ***So far no major complaints, I like allot of the changes, I like the idea of starting without building a business first (although I would like to add a store front to my house)I do like the progression tree and being able to switch things whenever you want.I find it odd that I cant fight until I reach a certain level. /:yes their are things that need fixed/changed/added but they arnt game breaking.***     Final Thoughts     ***So aparently half the people are getting one game, and the other half get another, because I have read allot of the reviews and either the negatives are not as bad as they make it sound, or it just doesnt exist.If you have played the guild you are used to glitches, I am not saying that as a good thing but its true, I only ever play guild 2 multiplayer so i know all about issues. this is EARLY ACCESS, the forums were flooded this morning with people asking where the game is and I quote ""GIVE IT TO ME NOW"" ""TAKE MY MONEY"", and now they are all complaining.I dont get the complaints, this is about what I expected, if not a little better.back before early access became a thing, I beta tested allot of games.back before steam even existed, I beta tested allot of games.this is a pretty good beta, I've tested games where I litteraly spent hours on the phone with support and having them send me files just to get the game running.Would I recomend this game in the state its in.I have to ask some questions first.Have you played the guild before.are you aware this is NOT a finished product and will have glitches.do you understand Early Access and what it is here for. IE: IT IS NOT A DEMO.if you answered yes to those, then yes I recommend this game.I seriously think the negative reviews were expecting a demo, or got a completely diferent version then I did.but i do have one complaint.NO MULTIPLAYER:) j/ki knew it wasnt going to be in the game yet, they can take as long as they need with MP so we dont have sync issues."
76561197991317269,Recommended,311260,35227916,Posted: 26 September,all,Hagen67483,"This is serious Early access.Expect many bugs, if you dont like that, wait.Expect many placeholders. if you dont like that, wait.Expect missing features, if you dont like that, wait.Don`t buy if you want to have fun playing.Buy it if you have fun testing.And still, deep down under the bugs, placeholders and missing features, there is the glimmer of a great Gilde game in my opinion. The developers just need to dig it out.Update: 4 Patches so far, if they can keep up the pace, I think they are on the right path to success."
76561198008336759,Recommended,311260,35302983,Posted: 29 September,all,LastBrohican,"I was not too pleased when they informed us the gaming world that they were going to send this game into Early Access… Considering the size of the publisher and the legacy of the game, seeing it move into Early Access presented a lot of not spoken but potentially dubious reason as to why this was happening. And considering the state of Steams Early Access environment right now, I lost even a little bit more faith in what was happening, despite the Guilds 2 bugs and shortcomings, the game I played for many years was a game I grew to love, and was hoping to see Guild 3 capitalize on those problems and give us a better, more matured game.Now, in the game's current state, we do not have that more mature, more polished game, not by a long shot, and in my opinion, we saw it regress in a few areas. But that does not mean I have lost hope on the game, no way, while I usually do not like to review Early Access games, because many times I find people reviewing the game not on the actual content, but on performance bugs and things like that. Which, by no means are not important to take note of and notify the developers, but these are things one should expect from a game in alpha or beta stage. So, for this review, I am going to do my best to all review the actual content of the game, the real nuts and bolts, and talk about the functionality of the game that I did like, and the things I did not like.I’m not sure if I have yet to set a precedent on doing positives or negatives first, but I feel like this is a video to do the negatives first.- Maybe the first thing that really grinded my gears about this game is that you no longer buy your titles, you know from moving up from commoner, to yeoman, to citizen, and so on. Now this is done by just an arbitrary amount of your own output, for example, when I made enough daggers I instantly just jumped up a whole new class. I’m not sure why this irked me as much as it did, but I just did not understand why they changed this. It also just does not make any sense, getting new titles should have stayed like how it was in previous games, you needed to go into the town hall and purchase the new title. And this made a ton more sense, no one was ever going to just come out of the woodwork and hand you a scroll giving you a promotion just because you had a stockpile of daggers in your house. If that was the case, every doomsday prepper would be the mayors and land barons of whatever dirt mound they called home.- My next negative about the game is that even though this is a new game and new extension of the Guild series, we did not see any new classes and we did not see much of an improvement in the way of new professions. In fact, the Guild 3 paired down a lot of those, removing things like being a priest, or a miner, or a lumberjack, all things have been stripped from the game and are now only controlled by NPC’s.Sure, a couple things have been added like the assassin guild and the parchment maker, but otherwise there wasn’t anything groundbreaking or fun here to be seen.- My last negative about the game is how you no longer level up how you did in the Guild 2, instead of leveling up and choosing new actions or different perks that would help your character in running their business or excelling politically, many of these things can just be bought now as actions. This depends on what kind of store you own, but as long as the Khajit has coin, you can by it. I was pretty disappointed in not only that but also the new skill tree they added. It is just so bland and not engaging, it is just such a bland and linear skill tree, while Guild 2 didn’t necessarily have a true skill tree, it felt much more diverse than what we have now.Okay, I’ve done enough ragging on the game, let’s talk about some of the positives now.+ They added and expanded upon the societies, or guilds, as they might have been called in Guild 2, and this is something I was very excited to see, I’ll admit that in the Guild 2, the actual purpose of the Guild itself was pretty uninteresting and it did not bring a whole lot of dynamics in the game, that is very much different now for Guild 3, and I think that anyone who puts the time and the elbow grease into the game will be able to see that, especially since the societies expand beyond just whatever profession you are in.+ I love the “poor person” mode that they added, where you start off as a commoner that is honestly pretty destitute, you have a ramshackle house on the outskirts of town, with the goal of hopefully getting your dynasty into the bustling city center, and expanding your commercial empire, this takes time and I don’t think the devs have smoothed out the whole dating thing very much yet but I know this is a gamemode that I will be spending a ton more time on.+ I’ll admit that I first was not a fan of only being in one city, but when I realized that the maps might just have one city in them for now, the sprawling towns or subdivisions around them adds a ton of character to the game and you will operate in that city. As I mentioned above, I’m eager to see my character pull himself out of poverty and into the middle and upper class, like any good capitalist would want it to be.Verdict: Man, this game is ROUGH around the edges in it’s current state. And I could not in good conscious recommend it to someone who is looking to get into the Guild series for the first time, but if you are a long fan of the series and looking to support its development, it is worth it to buy and mmmmmaybeeee play, but maybe also better to sit on the game and let a few patches come out, fixing a lot of the gameplay issues. I could make another 10 minutes long video just me ♥♥♥♥♥ing and moaning about the bugs I’ve encountered but with a game like this I know what I was getting in for, so I cannot knock it for its obvious bugs. But I have to be real in that while I will recommend in the game, in its current state I have to give it a  ⅖.Link to video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iq6YVV8lqTs"
,Recommended,311260,35391773,Posted: 1 October,all,Part Time Hobo,"I'm waiting until end of October when the first major content patch is supposed to go live to decide if this will get a negative review.Until then, I'll give it a positive, and here's why:The games been out since Tuesday, it had a patch Wednesday, and a patch Thursday. Considering the timezone differences, that would have been Friday for the devs.In the games discord, the devs have promised another patch for Monday (October 2nd).If they continue to patch the game and fix bugs, i can overlook the current issues with the game.Do I recommend buying it right now? No. I'd recommend waiting until the end of the month after the first major content release and check on the state of the game then.---Patch came out as devs promised. So far so good. As long as they continue to patch the game, i'll continue to give them a positive recommendation ."
,Not Recommended,311260,35310955,Posted: 29 September,all,TheIvoryKitty,"Hey guys, I just saw the long list of comments on my review, so let me tell you where I am coming from, because it might not be clear to those of you that have not been following this game.The Guild 2 is one of my husband and my favorite games. It is ridiculously buggy with a horrible user interface, crazy learning curve, terrible balance and often forces you to restart the game many hours in due to bugs; but despite all that it was still such a new and interesting concept that we have always been willing to play anyway. Especially considering that we knew The Guild 2 was released in such a terrible state because some stuff happened with the developers and they were forced to release it before it was done.When we heard that they were making a new Guild game, we were ecstatic.When we heard the same guys wore working on it as the original and that they’d actually be able to finish it, we were even more ecstatic.When they said that that they would not use a single shred of code from the old, buggy game and were rewriting all new code in a new engine so that not a single bug from the original game would return, we were happy.We knew it would take a long time to release during their announcement in August 2014, when they said, and I quote, “One thing is for certain: the developers have learned their lessons and do not want to deliver an unfinished game. So: better to wait for a bug-free game. We have great patience, since we know it will pay off.”We were happy with that. Better it be bug free than to make the same mistakes as the original. They said “Now under a different publisher, THQ Nordic, there is more time and funding to do things right.”They did a preview in 2014 of the game, and stated that it would be released in 2016. Early for a preview? Yes. Believable timeline for completion? Yes. Totally acceptable.Then they put an announcement of the game up on Steam in October 2015, and announced the boxed version on Amazon. Clearly, it seemed to us, the game must be on time for its promised 2016 release.They offered the boxed version on Amazon for presale around April 2016. We bought it. In 2016. Clearly, the game was coming out soon, as promised; especially since the release date they put on the Amazon purchase was soon in 2016.Then, they moved the release date out. In September 2016 they announced at Gamescom that The Guild 3 should be released in early 2017 instead of 2016 as promised.But, that didn’t happen either. They changed the Amazon delivery date on our purchase to some other date in 2017, and then finally changed it again to some months later December 2017.Now they’ve changed the release date to 2018.Now, they’ve deleted all of their news articles where they posted release dates to us, but we have had at least three release dates that didn’t happen. And these were exact release dates; not random semi-permanent dates. They kept pushing it back.But, fine. We wish they didn’t promise a date that wasn’t achievable multiple times, but fine. As they said, they didn’t want to release it buggy; and we didn’t want them to either!So, when the most recent release date came, they decided that instead of pushing the date back yet again, they would do an early access release. They said that they did not need the funding from an early release, but that instead they wanted players opinions. It seems clear to me that this was just a knee-jerk reaction, and a bad one.My husband and I wished they wouldn’t do an early release, because we were afraid of exactly what happened.They announced, regarding the early release: “..this version is fully playable.” Again, on Steam, they say “… is fully playable but in need of balancing and (performance) optimization. Participants can expect minor and few major bugs, that we will fix during Early Access.” It is not fully playable, in the least. The bugs are such that you cannot perform even simple tasks in the game. It is not even partially playable. This is an outright lie.On Steam itself, they say “As we're nearing completion and balancing/polishing the game.” The game needs far more than balancing and polishing. It does not even have a solid base.On Steam, they say regarding early access, “…we assume a duration of at least 4-6 months.” This game is nowhere near 4-6 months from completion. As I said, it does not even have a solid base to grow on.Regarding their earlier promises that they would not use a shred of code or resources from the old game? Then why are the same bugs rearing their ugly heads? And why, in the early release, do we have the same ugly user interface from the original? The same voices. The same images. Maybe these are placeholders? But that’s not a good sign to those of us that are afraid this is just the Guild 2 again.And their promise that they wouldn’t release a buggy game? Well, they did, and they just slapped the words ‘Early Access’ on it to pretend that it’s okay. This is specifically against what they said.This isn’t about us wanting the game to fail. We want it to do well! We loved the predecessor and we want to love this one! But, I’m sorry, that does not mean that you recommend a game to people if the developers are clearly making bad decisions and not being honest with themselves or us about where they are with this game. It’s not in early access stage.I’m sorry, but that’s a fact."
76561198030965719,Recommended,311260,35245554,Posted: 27 September,all,NerdyVampire,"Buy this game in this version if you:A. Want to help the developers by providing feedback and discover bugsB. Want to show your faith in the development of the game.Do not buy this game in this version if you:A. Want to play the game for several hours for the fun of it.B. Want to see the great artwork and world.This version is for helping the developers and experience the work in progress. It is not enjoyable or finished enough to play for several hours. You will encounter difficulties, low framerates, missing artwork, floating code fragments, and all sorts of mush. Be aware of that before you buy it and throw a negative review. I chose to refund this game because I did not agree with the statement that the game is currently 'fully playable'. It is clear to see that the foundations are in order, but I would not call it fully playable yet."
76561198002584918,Recommended,311260,35346873,Posted: 30 September,all,Skaz,"As of today, The Guild 3 is extremely limited even compared to some (if not most) other Early Access titles.It crashes - frequently. The interface bugs out - frequently. Simple features like changing the selling price in your stores do not work at all.That being said, throw your money at this game if you can spare it, because the potential is definitely there. If you want a game to play right now, go for something else."
,Not Recommended,311260,35227218,Posted: 26 September,all,Benjin,"NOTE: This review will change as development progresses. Once it has reached a state which I consider to be playable, I'll change the review. This review is intended for those who wish to play an incomplete - yet playable - game.For now, hold off on your purchase - there are many, many things which need implementation or fixing, even for an early access game it's a little surprising. The reason I'm giving a negative review, despite hoping the game gets better down the road, is simple - I cannot recommend it in its current state. No, it's not just because it has bugs - it's in early access, of course it's going to have bugs. However, I do expect early access games to have some standard of quality. I think they need to be at least somewhat playable - the core of the game being somewhat functional with missing features or placeholder assets / audio, along with a lot of minor bugs, a few major bugs and poor optimisation to be ironed out is fine by me for early access. Some documentation on how one should play the game in order to test it effectively is welcome (but not needed).In this game's current early access state however, it is nowhere close to that - the core game is completely unplayable for more than 12 minutes. A line needs to be drawn on what's acceptable and what is not for general release to the public, both for the consumer's and developer's sake, as the reputation an early access game gets can also have an effect on its reputation during release. The developer should have known this and not caved into the fan's demands (people have been demanding for the past year for the devs to release something, no matter what state it is in, which is wrong) - it will give them a quick buck in the short term, but it may have dire ramifications long term, which is a shame.MAJOR EXAMPLES OF UNPLAYABILITY1.Moving characters who have been travelling around for more than 20 seconds will eventually be sent into an irreversible 360 rotational spin - that spin can have him/her go off the navmesh and you cannot control or interact with the character anymore. This doesn't just happen to yours, but to every character on the map - hundreds of characters will be endlessly spinning into the sky, and the streets will be deserted as those agents won't arrive and despawn at their destination to allow another to spawn.2.Pretty much any complicated action or process likely causes a crash (e.g. marriage, upgrading, saving / loading etc). You won't progress far, even if you don't have the spinning-flying character bug. Yes, early access is meant to find and iron out crashes / bugs, but not to this extent.If you wish to support the developers or assist their efforts in bug fixing (like I have - I really want The Guild 3 to be a good game hence my purchase and time spent so far despite its unplayability), then by all means get it now. For those who actually want to play it, I cannot recommend it - steer clear from this until the next build."
76561198033712876,Not Recommended,311260,35283409,Posted: 28 September,all,Macgyver,"Save yourself the heartache until the early access period runs its course and they work out some fairly fatal bugs.otherwise, spend your day:trying to adopt a child - game crashes.trying to give a gift to someone - game crashes.trying to open up the map - game crashed.leave the game running while you get a drink and return - game crashes.honestly have spent more time rebooting the game than actually playing.I hate that early access these days just means paying money for a game that is wholly incapable of being played."
,Not Recommended,311260,35269047,Posted: 28 September,all,ReZpawner,"So, I start up the game - after about a minute, I receive a warning from Windows about excessive use of graphics memory. A bit odd, but okay - It's early access, it's not optimised, fair enough. I check the graphics settings, most of which do absolutely nothing - It's early access, fair enough.I then start a new game, and try to customise my character - very few actual options. Slders do nothing - fair enough, it's early access. I can live with this.I start the game, and notice things are a bit sluggish with the interface - middle mouse button movement specifically, but it's not terrible, it's not going to ruin my day. I follow the tutorial (herbalist) and make my first batch of herbal tea - wonderful indeed. A bit annoying that windows can't be moved elsewhere in the interface, but you know what - it's early access. I'm okay with that. I am being told to go to the market - oh, cool. I can finally make some money! I bet that will come in handy for a long and interesting game! I bet there are even things I can spend that money on!I sell the tea in the market - and what do you know - I get money!...hang on, that's strange, I could've sworn I sold the 4 herbal teas I brought with me - how come they are still in the inventory? I click them again, and:THE GUILD 3 HAS CRASHED. WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEND AN ERROR REPORT?20 minutes  total time played, about 3 of those in-game, and it ♥♥♥♥ING CRASHED.Not ♥♥♥♥ing OK. It's called ""Early Access"" not ""tech demo"".No, I do not recommend this game to anyone. I'm going to keep playing it purely out of spite, but hell to the ♥♥♥♥ no I'm not recommending it until it actually works.Spend more time on the ♥♥♥♥ing game, rather than making bloody doctored screenshots and faked gameplay videos, and MAYBE, just maybe, the game will be playable at some point in the future.And for ♥♥♥♥'s sake, focus on fixing the crashes, rather than ""We felt that you got a bit too much experience in the market"" when doing ♥♥♥♥ing patching when the game is in this state."
76561198018360877,Recommended,311260,35402170,Posted: 1 October,all,jlockwood30,"Early access would be a correct description right now so if you're not the type who likes identifying quirks or annoying bugs in a game, probably not for you quite yet.  There are placeholders for some of the items. the Voices and interactions are not fully fleshed out.The developers are actively updating and fixing the bugs as they go, and i'm looking forward to the final product.  I can already see some of the things that annoyed me from guild 2 have been improved on with the quick menu accesses to the right of screen, and i'll be interested to see how automation looks when it's fully in place.  Visually I'm happy and being able to switch to first person view was an unexpected perk.Any review that critizices on the basis of an early access being in early access is rather silly, basic mechanics of game are functioning, and i'd rather an early access that I can influence, than a finished buggy product with a pending patch as most high dollar games seem to be lately."
,Not Recommended,311260,35229745,Posted: 26 September,all,Kodak Blak,"First off, NO, I did not expect to have a fully working game at the early access release. I THOUGHT I was fully aware of what I would be buying today, but I'm writing this negative review today because the developers have outright LIED and DECIEVED the fans of this franchise.Don't believe me? Let me show you:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------WHAT THE DEVELOPERS HAVE TO SAY:What is the current state of the Early Access version?“Early Access is fully playable but in need of balancing and (performance) optimization"".---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Off the bat, the developers have lied to their ENTIRE player base. The game is NOT playable AT ALL. Don't try and sugar coat your product with irrelevant screenshots and misleading development updates. Why must you mislead us? Is it because you don't have faith in your game? Or is it because you don't plan on finishing it like other games that have chosen the EA route?Most buildings from the previous games are not in this one.You cannot enter buildings and see the interior.From what I can tell, most of the abilities that were available in the previous games are not in this game.They made it seem like you have to grind your way from a peasant, to get a higher rank in society, but that does not feel like the case. It seems exactly the same as the last game, with less stuff to do. Then again, it is early so maybe they will add more stuff to do. Just the lack of content that was available previously seems strange, since they did say all the game needs is bug fixes and polishing.Maybe I'm being too harsh, lets keep reading:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?“We haven’t set a fixed end date as this depends heavily on you, but we assume a duration of at least 4-6 months"".---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Again, after seeing what progress they have made with my own eyes, that ""assumption"" is absolutely innaccurate. I don't know why they would even assume any dates at all. They knew what they were dishing out, and they know it is going to take much much longer than that to fix the issues in the game now.The main thing that upsets me about the game is that it feels like it's going to need a lot more than just ""bug fixes and polishing"" to make this game GOOD.From looking at all tech trees and all the content currently in the game, it seems like they have taken the great content from the previous games and either completely changed it or made it worse.Don't even get me started on the UI. They should have just kept the previous one; maybe they would have been able to work more on things like the fact there IS LITERALLY NOTHING TO PLAY.How are you going to state that this is playable, but have literally nothing for users to give feedback on. Want my feedback? Give me some content to give you feedback on. Don't give me nothing and expect something back.Want some positive feedback? I like the screenshots. The screenshots are nice.I'm not worried about bugs and polishing, those things are to be expected from any EA game. But don't state publicly multiple times that your game is playable, when there's literally no content in the game to play with.I really hope this game doesn't end up being another EA DAYZ Standalone clone."
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,311260,35438739,Posted: 3 October,all,stuguy909,"This game is an Early Access.  I am currently playing this game and doing my best to report bugs and make positive changes to make the game better, as it is incomplete and pretty rough.  I am a fan of Guild 2, and I liked Super Power 2.  I think Golem Labs did a good job in the past, and this title is going in the right direction, but it is too incomplete in my opinion for an acceptable Early access game that most Steam gamers are willing to tolerate.  Most people have demanded refunds.  Only the true fans and faithful are hanging around and showing support.  So the buyer needs to be aware of what they are walking into, and why I am not recommending this title to strangers.The good news is that the game is being actively patched and expanded on.  THQ Nordic has this slated for a 2018 release, and that is likely to be pushed back to early Q2.  So there is time to right the ship.Those of you who loved Guild 2, or are fans of SuperPower 2 and Golemn Labs, you are more than welcome to buy the game and support the dev team out.  The game does not, at the time of this writing, have enough content to complete a dynasty game of your choosing.  Robber class isn't fully implemented, if at all.  Handicrafts and Artisan are about the only reliable career choices.  Many of the menus are place holder, most business management features like trade routes and inventory management do not work / not impletemented.  Economy is not working.  It's a mess.  However, you can play the game and make some things, sell some things, get married, join a government position.  However, character interaction is very limited.  The game feels super empty.  There are no AI that try to abuse power to get rid of you.  No real challenge or point to the game yet.The graphics are improved compared to G2, but not by a lot.  Things are almost the same, but look a tad cleaner.  The animations are still rough, or not working right.  So again, this game needs a lot of work.  It is nowhere near ready for release, so be warned.So in summary, if you are a fan, buy your copy, help out, make recommendations, let them know what you want.  Otherwise, don't waste anyone's time buying the game, demanding a refund, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on people.My review will change along with development of this title.  Should the game become awesome, I will recommend."
,Recommended,311260,35227401,Posted: 26 September,all,Der Alte Fritz,"I'd recommend it because I like it so far, but it is worth noting that it is in dire need of optimization and other bug fixes before I can fully advice buying it. Please take note of this if you are considering buying this."
76561197998589998,Not Recommended,311260,35265326,Posted: 28 September,all,Jobe Reaper,"This is an early access review. Like many others who are fans of the Guild series of games, I am complete disappointed and frankly astonished that this game has been made available in its current state- especially for the price it is currently selling at. The game is fundamentally broken, not just incomplete. I'll go back to playing the Guild 2 until they sort this sorry mess out."
76561198022695788,Recommended,311260,35229600,Posted: 26 September,all,Hax_The_Unjust,"If you enjoyed guild 2, you will enjoy guild 3.  Its Early Access, not a complete game, its little more than a preview of whats to come, a working core.  Expect bugs, unpolished features, areas not finished, building interior not done, buggy AI, graphics glitches etc.  I gave the game over hour of gameplay before I posted this review.  I enjoy the game thus far.  I had no crashes, my save game loaded up just fine, no lag, but the game was tiny bit laggy when I zoomed out.  I have i5 4690k CPU, GTX 1060 GPU, windows 10.Areas of the game imo that needs improvement, the interface!!(its pretty terrible), sound effects, character interactions, I had trouble figuring out how to court a female even when my character social status was to point he had action have affair... affair is pointless when I have yet a wife! lol.  The game overall is enjoyable but its highly unpolished, even tho some areas of not complete or in the game, nothing in the game is polished honestly.  If you buy this expecting it to be better than guild 2 right now, you will be let down. Guild 3 has promise I could see that within first 20mins, I feel alot of guild 3 has improved upon features of guild 2 but they're not fully fledged out and working properly nor polished.The game isn't at a state where you are going to sit down and play entire day and not be able to stop playing, its just to lackluster and stuff isn't fluid at the moment.  Still, I think if you love guild 2, you will find enjoyment in guild 3.  I recommend this title only to fans of the series or devoted fans wanting to help with development.  I mean, you buy it now, support the development help bring forth better product. I know this company won't quit the project, I know they will continue development.  The game has major promise! but its going to need time(as in many months maybe a year) to develop where its near a complete title.If you're unsure, wait about 6 months come back and check in on forums, just because I recommend it doesn't mean you will enjoy it. But that said its playable, I didn't experience any of the crashes other were complaining about and my hour of gameplay was enjoyable overall.  Did I  get my $30 worth? umm... probably not, but I know the game can only get better and its already working with solid core gameplay mechanics, that only need polishing and improving.  The game is probably a 4/10 I know that seems low but as I said, the game will evolve and improve imo rapidly, its right there it just needs time.I will continue to play and continue to look forward to future updates. THQ Nordic is going in the right direction."
,Recommended,311260,35326787,Posted: 30 September,all,Calkenne,Stop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the game. None of you idiots know what early access means. Devs are actually putting some very hard work in game. Getting updates every single day. This is exactly and i mean EXACTLY what you want from early access games. Frequent updates and devs who actually does something.Keep up the good work GolemLabs!
,Recommended,311260,35244533,Posted: 27 September,all,Shelkad,"Clunky and buggy, wait further updates if you want to buy a smooth functional game.I've been playing that game for a few hours now, enough to wonder why i can't place buildings when they show green at some place, yell at my employees just hanging out at gathering spot without doing anything, trying to figure out the skill system and to realize that most of the ""advanced"" features seem to still be partialy integrated, if they work at all at the moment.So yeah, it look like an Alpha stage with a lot of debug to do, if you expect something like a beta with missing features and functional game don't buy it yet."
,Recommended,311260,35226514,Posted: 26 September,all,Truesilver,"The game is still very early in it's development and nowhere near release. It's unoptimised, littered with wonderful programmer art and, in general, a mess. Do not expect to get anything playable at this point.However, the game's idea is an amazing one and I fully expect the game to be an enjoyable experience in a few months time."
76561198011324935,Not Recommended,311260,35314965,Posted: 29 September,all,bear1339,"Despite my immense desire for this game to do well I simply cannot recomend the game right now. It is a buggy mess that just simply doesnt work. Half if not 3/4 of all the menus do not work, the trade route system doesn't work, it is simply incomplete. While it is in EA and we cant expect it to be incomplete, when I say incomplete I mean it is barely playable and only for a few minutes before a unresponsive menu or bugged out menu simply ruins you time in the game.  I knew it wouldn't be complete when I purchased the game, but I did not expect it to simply not work. I expected poor optimization, some bugs here in there, and alot of place holders, but what I didn't expect is menus completely not responding, entire functions of building not working, and the entire in game worlds economy crumbling because the suppliers refuse to cart their resources to market for some reason, making th ealready completely and utterly broken trade route system unmanagble. Making your economic growth slow down to a snails pace if not hault it completely. These are thing I find unacceptable for a EA launch, fact is those are giant functions in this game and are vital to the worlds economy, which while were on that subject besides building tons of robbers nest their are very few worshops opened by other families making htem contribute little to nothing to the economy."
76561198011945046,Recommended,311260,35493802,Posted: 5 October,all,revstevewalters,"First things first - have you watched the trailer? Well ignore it, at the moment it looks nowhere near that good as it is still being optimized and added to, you can't walk around inside buildings and so on.Next - This game is Early Access.  I don't know what that means to you, but here it means some content is missing, there are more bugs than in a Middle Ages bed, and random CTD are present.  If you don't want to play a game that isn't stable come back in a few months and see whats changed.However I have played the game for 75 hours so far, and despite the frustration, steep learning curve (The UI is not intuitive - but is due to be changed) and the lack of challenge (AI is switched off until later on in development) I've actually enjoyed it. My in game dynasty currently run a number of businesses, we hold the top three jobs on the town council, and I'm growing my skills as fast as I can.  I can put up with the problems, and there are quite a few, because at its heart I can see progress being made.  So far the Dev's have issued a number of smaller patches, and seem to be fairly on the ball.Now if you look at the discussions page you will see a few good running arguments between fanboys and whingers, as well as some constructive discussion.  Just remember Steam will refund up to 2 hours play time, so if your not sure give it a try.  I'm glad I chose to get it, and look forward to playing many more hours as the game grows."
,Not Recommended,311260,35239057,Posted: 27 September,all,Brother Mel,"This game is early access.  As an avid fan of the guild series, I would not recommend this game at the current stage of development.  To simply put it many of the 'core' features that make the 'guild' are not there.  Romance, shop automation, and other aspects of the game are there but not functioning.   Many 'click' events such as dragging inventory, or crafting do not register the first time.  Shop management suffers the same issues with assigning workers tasks, or stopping a task and giving them another.  I really hope these things get fixed quickly, as in a month or so, because I've been dying for a new game, but this is simply NOT playable, and this is coming from an avid fan of this game's series."
,Recommended,311260,35426321,Posted: 2 October,all,Mortius [NOR],"This is An EA, dont buy unless you want too back the game or wants too test and give BUG Reports becaus its a lot of them at this moment.It have some great potential.Will Update this review at reales if i remember it :)This is info from the devs :“Early Access is fully playable but in need of balancing and (performance) optimization. Participants can expect minor and few major bugs, that we will fix during Early Access. At beginning of Early Access, the game will be playable in English and German only - more languages (e.g. French, Spanish and more) will be added by the end of the Early Access period –voice output will follow at release.”"
76561198007958678,Recommended,311260,35362279,Posted: 30 September,all,Foamslinger,If you like other Guild games you'll like this... when its ready.It is very early in the Early Access right now.  Wait till later to play.
76561197995268369,Recommended,311260,35388842,Posted: 1 October,all,Layla,"The guild 3,oh i have waited so long for the game, even before it was announced i craved a sequel to the guild 2, i have played every game in the series from day 1, i love everything about the series, even the issues people faced in number 2 didn't bother me that much i used to still play it with the bugs present.So the guild 3, when i initially purchased the game i was in the game 20 mins, i got so annoyed with it, i refunded it, the game doesnt crash for me alot, ive probably crashed 2-3 times.The next day i decided to just re buy it as i knew i wanted it anyway, so i gave the game another chance, i have played the game now for about 10 hours, im age 40, 2 kids, 4 businesses, doing pretty well, if you take the time to get to know the game you will start to pick it up, anyone who has not played any of the others will hit the same brick wall you do with number 2, they don't hold your hand you have to learn the game same as the previous titles.Yes there are many bugs which is super annoying, but i have just dealt with them when i can and learn ways to prevent certain bugs happening, save the game often and you should be fine, pressing i in the game with a building selected gives you an alternative GUI, which allows you to set up trade routes etc.i will say the game is gorgeous, i cant say there's anything about it that i dislike, apart from the bugs of course, but a little patience and you can still enjoy the game, all the negative reviews, are for a 2 day old EA, so don't listen to them, you can always try the game for 55 mins and refund it if you hate it.But if you have the passion for the series like i do, you will be a bit more forgiving, because you know what it took to even get a new game in the series, when jowood went under i was devastated there would be no guild 3 but the other dev group, tried to fix the mess jowood left and released a few patches for number 2, i for one feel lucky to even get a sniff in for the guild 3, so all i can say is, i do love the series, i do like the new game, of course its a long way from being complete but its the game i have waited nearly 10 years for, so im willing to give them a chance to sort the game out.i understand peoples frustrations but the game will be fixed if your not willing to live with things not working or bugs, then you shouldn be buying early access games, don't ruin a games chance to be great by not even giving it a chance.i would say anyone who enjoyed the guild 2, this is a chance to be part of the next game, we should be happy we got EA, because i read they didn't want to use early access, and now we get a chance to help shape the game and people are ripping on the game.The games good, but one day hopefully will be great, so i recommend the game 9/10 despite the bugs its a unique game and i love it, i decided to give it another chance, and most people don't even play for 5 mins, i have the gtx 1080, 16gb ram, 6700k and the fps can be 12-25, so i think you need at least a half decent pc to even load the game."
76561198053750932,Recommended,311260,35316827,Posted: 29 September,all,MrAnArtist,"I'm a fan of the guild series and I really like the concept of the guild 3 so far.I would have loved to play it for a longer time, but due to crashes and other balancing issues (resources at the market  running out within 2-3 days) I really wasn't able to.It's early days and I hope the game will develop into what it promises to be in the screenshots.Graphics are pretty horrid at this stage too, but there'll be improvements.I have to say though that 30 bucks for an EA game is a lot to ask for.So if you are a fan and you want to invest in the development of what could be a great game, then this is for you. If not, stay away for now."
,Not Recommended,311260,35476043,Posted: 4 October,all,Gariot,"If you like Guild 2, go play Guild 2. Its way better right now. Guild 3 is a big pile of garbage, not even close to alpha. Dont worth your money or time.If you still want it - give it 4 months or more before you buy it...."
76561198047488263,Recommended,311260,35442460,Posted: 3 October,all,Risewind,"I recommend The Guild 3 in its current state to anyone who loves to test around and help the development by finding bugs etc. I do however not recommend the game to people, who want to enjoy an almost finished product with all features included.The game is in Early access and is still missing a lot of features, however the game is no less immersive and addictive than the previous two games even in this early state. I see a lot of potential in the game.Currently the game receives a patch with bug fixes almost every day and it is slowly but steadily moving torwards completion."
,Recommended,311260,35245114,Posted: 27 September,all,The Holy Twig,"As of the day I'm writing this (9/27/2017) I don't think I would call The Guild III an Early Access game.The interface literally seems not to function, your character is more or less unresponsive, and it's basically unplayable.  It took the whole time I was in the game to begin figuring out what half of the things on the interface even mean.  With the exception of a few tick-boxes, it even seems that the settings from volume to graphics are locked to a handful of ""default"" settings.What we have here, right now, is a decent and kind of exciting showcase of the game's basic framework.  While player-interaction with the world doesn't seem to work yet, the world moves how it should and the AI seems functional on a basic level.If you just want to play a game, wait until it's released in full or until the Early Access is a lot more developed in a couple months and then see how it's coming along.However, if you're a fan of the Guild 2 and want to support the dev team and you're willing to take the risk that the game may not turn out well (and probably get a lower price than the final product will cost), I encourage you to buy it.  Nordic and Golemlabs seem to be in this project to the end, they've done this before, so I'm personally willing to take the risk."
76561198018481976,Not Recommended,311260,35236660,Posted: 26 September,all,Sails,Right now I can't even recommend it as an EA game since it's way too buggy.After replaying The Guild II and then going for The Guild III it was like they forgot pretty much the whole user experience.The camera controls are clunky. Some soundbites are abyssmal. Who thought that putting chirping birds who will never shut up and only have like 2 sound profiles is a good thing? My ears are still ringing.I also think that the price ratio is out of place. You pay like 10 coins for a bag of wheat and then only 200 coins for a goddamn windmill?I won't refund my money since I trust them producing a good game but I won't play it either until they atleast get a playable EA out.
76561198007306965,Not Recommended,311260,35229880,Posted: 26 September,all,Mr.Grey,"I was really looking forward to this after playing The Guild 2 for as long as I did. This isn't even remotely close to that. It's like they went back in time to learn the mistakes of the past and redid all of them in the present. I know it's early access. But this is far worse then that. Let me explain:Choppy cameraFrame rate takes a huge dump when zoomed out (especially when you look at anything other then ground)LagHorrible UI (Much worse then the Guild 2 What happened???)No interiors (early access)No MultiplayerNo significant improvements from the guild 2The Bugs. Oh so many bugsI'm just saying, Good luck placing just one building anywhere.For those who won't buy the game but still want to take part in the joy, it goes something like:""Red,red,red,red,red,red,red,GREEN! Denied. Repeat.""Meanwhile the main character continuesly complains on you to stop clicking on him. Which was funny once. But it turns really quickly into that socially awkward friend we all had at school that on a sheer accident happend to say something funny, too then constantly repeat that very same joke for an entire week. We love the guy, but jesus that's annoying.I can honestly not say that I can see this game being ""finished"" in the time that they have claimed 5-6 months. It's not even remotely close to being finished.Buy it if you want to support the devs. Don't buy it and expect a good time.I won't recommend it to anyone I like."
,Recommended,311260,35230317,Posted: 26 September,all,Doeetright,"First off, I’m so glad that you guys have released this game into EA.  I think this is the perfect type of game for EA, one that can evolve with fans help instead of relying on future modpacks because the previous iterations were so broken (Guild 2).  So thanks GolemLabs, you guys are awesome, and of course THQ Nordic!  I hope we can make one of the best games ever together!Honestly, the game is a little further along than I expected, and I imagine the people that were yelling on the forums “Don’t review until the game leaves EA” Probably had about the same expectations I had. We all knew there was going to be a lot of these people who were going to give their bright red thumbs down.  It’s almost like a No Man’s Sky situation, except you guys were never promising a full game. If the game wasn't bug-free then they were going to review bomb it into next week.I have played for an hour and encountered a few bugs but nothing game breaking. (NPCs walking diagonally, little bit laggy when snow falls, player character having a hard time moving around npcs.)  I’ll update my review when I get home and log a few more hours if I notice anything that is as atrocious as some of the people are saying “”“Completely Unplayable”””As of right now, there are bugs, and the game is not complete! But there is still fun to be had, and a new way to explore the guild series.  I am personally rather enjoying myself as it gives me a break from MMOs. Definitely recommend!"
76561197999983844,Recommended,311260,35427065,Posted: 2 October,all,Jacobw1ooo,"This is seriously Early Access. if you want a relaxing business game, this is not for you. if you enjoy dark souls levels of trolling, as the game crashes, deleted stock(loss of money), character goes invisible, auto transporting is painfully hard to set up and get reset each time you load. then you enjoy this game.I really enjoy, playing this game. The devs are updating the game nearly daily."
76561198018144210,Not Recommended,311260,35276857,Posted: 28 September,all,GingerNinja,"so I really Love the Guild 1 and 2, and was really excited to play this game even in early access but this game is not early access ready its got almost no content and way too many assets missing or that have place holders. its crazy to think that this game was supposed to come out over a year ago I cant imagine the state it was in then. I dont have faith in the devs to bring this game up to the first two games standards in an acceptable amount of time or even at all. I hope Im wrong"
76561198011358609,Not Recommended,311260,35265018,Posted: 28 September,all,Krazyone,"To those who do not read my review and just choose to throw insults and throw tantrums like 2 year olds  in the comments, yes i know this is in early access and things are subject to change. On to the review:At the current time i could not recommend this game. Most Early Access games at least have enough content and functionality to play, have fun and not make you frustrated enough to uninstall and request a refund...this one seems to be the one that makes you do all of that.Even though i am running 16GB's of ram and have a 1070 i would get very low frame rates. Along with that none of the options seemed to work like disableing random events and changing the voice from a man to a woman. While we are on voices...they are very annoying, VERY loud and they seem to have about 4 recorded phrases. While this may not seem like an issue, you hear a phrase each time you tell your people to do anything at all so you hear them non-stop.I did not have any crashes while i was playing so i cannot say the game was unplayable just not enjoyable at the current stage. If you are a fan of the past Guild games, the game feels very much dummed down and not as lifelike as the past games. Yes i know ""its an EA though!!!"" the point is that it does not seem as though the devs want to move in a more complex game but a more mainstream game, hence they must dumb it down. This will probably be great for most people but i find it terrible.To give you an example, you now press the ""1"" and ""2"" buttons to tell your character to ""go home"" or ""go to market"" and the feature looks very finished and not likely to change. There also is no assigning people to do ""X"" (this will probably change though i would imagine) and each time you accomplish a task like making 10 blades, you have to order them to do it again (if you run out of resources i mean).When you start the game you cannot just start in a hospital or on a farm. It forces you to craft garbage that does not have anything to do with what you want to do. Again, this will probably change but it also may not since the dev did confirm that this is what they want to do, kind of hold your hand instead of it being a sandbox from the start. Later you can change but initially you are forced to make odd items as changing your skills are locked behind a XP wall that forces you to craft and sell items. This took me maybe 15-20 trips to the market to get out of the starting point so pretty irritating.Honestly depending on what the devs do this could be an amazing addon or a horrible betrayal of a sequal. I personally got a refund and will wait and watch development because i have waited on far too many games with hopes they would change and they never did. I would imagine from the horrible feedback they are getting now, change may be the only choice for them."
,Recommended,311260,35238147,Posted: 27 September,all,KickTheWhale,"GAME IS NOT FINISHEDHowever, developers are very responsible for the product. There is even a public bug-tracker, so you can help the development. Stop throwing ""game is♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; comments in discussion and wait for the release.So far, what I saw in EA can become a good Guild series successor and a great game overall, but maybe I'm just a fanboy. Patience."
76561197973049232,Not Recommended,311260,35313187,Posted: 29 September,all,navi,"If I was THQ Nordic, I'd be embarrest to launch this Early Access version of The Guild 3. I totally understand that it's not the final version and still ""in process"", but this piece of... code isnot even playable. I just tried to imitate the few clicks Heinrich Meyer did at the Gamescom(https://youtu.be/wTd7M6p5rc8). So basically I tried to create a character, make him craft some daggers and send him to the market to sell the goods, but unfortunately it's not possible. Due to thelaggingthe whole process took me about 30 minutes, before I quit quite disappointed. Even tabbing out to windows was nearly impossible, 3 minutes to copy the Voice Clients IP for a friend... nope! In this state, the ""game"" is slowing down my OS, although it's just using about 30% of my RAM.The way it is now, I'd not recommend buying it. (Even though it's ""just"" 30€, you might just not touch it for a year..)"
76561198014377945,Not Recommended,311260,35475887,Posted: 4 October,all,SgtJungleRot,I would suggest lowering the price on this early access game.  $30 way too much at this time.
,Recommended,311260,35440372,Posted: 3 October,all,MarquisAlex,"MarquisAlex's Rating6/10Should I get this game?Yes, it is a beautiful game that I plan to return to, just don't expect a finished product.Full ReviewWhen I heard that the Guild 3 was going to be released, I was one of the first to buy it within seconds of its release. Initially, I was disappointed with the purchase, as I imagine many others were. But, I would ask that players take the game as it is; it is an early access release, which means the game will, by no means, bePerfect.The game is still in development, with the devs being eager to take your critique and complaints, to enhance your experience in the future. with that being said, here is my list of pros and cons.Pros:It's in Early Access, which means it is cheaper & supports devs.Beautiful Graphics.Lovely Music/Sound.Hotkey'd, which I personally like, being an RTS fan.The Devs are releasing patches and updates for the full game.Multiple experience trees to develop characters.Cons:For an Early Access game, it falls below normal standards.Graphics can rarely break, causing ""black buildings"" bug.Some of the Voice Acting is Lazy/not good quality.Selections with Mouse (Click & Drag) are sometimes unresponsive.The game has a few bugs, is generally unbalanced & can be laggy.Gathering EXP is currently tedious, with no new ""Career paths"".You will notice that I have attempted to be fair in my critique by giving an equal length list of pros and cons. For my part, the game has the potential to be awesome, so I definitely recommend you buy it now for the cheaper price. The game sounds and feels like a member of the Guild franchise, with outstanding sounds and graphics to boot. The GUI is familiar to that of Guild 2, though not seeming to have progessed much. I imagine this will be changed in the future.However, I have had a series of problems while playing it. Firstly, if you are suffering lag hard, turn down your resolution. The Hard Lag will make this game unplayable, but lesser resolutions resolve that, and I am not using the greatest laptop in the world to play. Second, whilst I expect more will be added, there is currently nothing new between Guild 2 Renaissance & Guild 3. No new jobs and the experience for ""Rising in Society"" is questionable at best from a RP stand-point."
76561198007683294,Not Recommended,311260,35260790,Posted: 28 September,all,NeonHaggis,"Not going to recommend this currently, this is a review of the game state now not what I hope it will be. I wont be refunding though as I'm happy to support the attempt to continue this series.Main reason for the downvote - ""we assume a duration of at least 4-6 months.” is the claim in the EA blurb - this is flat out nonsense. If they had a massive team working all aspects ... maybe. As it stands now with missing features bugs text etc etc this has IMO little chance of being in a true 'release' state in that time frame.Still, looking forward to seeing it done eventualy."
,Not Recommended,311260,35477391,Posted: 4 October,all,morrami2000,The state of the game is a shame to the early access tag.
76561198067076932,Not Recommended,311260,35309475,Posted: 29 September,all,Cash Cab,Okay when I start up the game there is only black and no load screen. I have unistalled it and reinstalled and still only a black screen. I can not even play the game cause there is no menu to use. People say there is not a lot of content...well at least you get to play the game.
76561197987255443,Recommended,311260,35226608,Posted: 26 September,all,Taggart,"+1. If you are not afraid of Very early access you MUST buy it!Bug-tracker:https://redmine.thqnordic.com/projects/the-guild-3-early-access/issues.Если не боитесь участвовать в Очень раннем доступе, вы ДОЛЖНЫ поддержать этот проект!Сообщество уже самостоятельно перевело игру на русский:https://www.reddit.com/r/theguild3/wiki/russian-translation."
,Not Recommended,311260,35246259,Posted: 27 September,all,Urg69,"Yes this game is early access, but this is not an excuse !I am sick and tired of games using Early access to publish something that is, by no stretch of the imagination, playable.Let's see what works in this game :The skill system look interesting, and seems to offer quite a bit of freedom.It looks like there might be some more complexity down the line, allowing for a better management of your businessNow the disadvantageskeep in mind the devs stated : ""Early Access is fully playable but in need of balancing and (performance) optimization. "":The UI look awfull, and I do mean AWFULL it is 20 years late, it's confusing, nothing is clear.The UI is confusing to use, every window, or part of the UI Works differently, some parts of the UI use a scrollbar, some don't, some have a red cross to close the window, some don't, etc etcStill on the UI : the options menu have many buttons wich do not work.The map is absolutely horribleManaging your worker(s) is abolutely horribleBuying and selling item is a tortureTHERE IS NO MULTIPLAYERDoes the game have potential ? Yes, it does. But in the state it is in, it looks more like a good school project than it looks like a good game. And I did not pay 29$ for a school project.Right now The guild 2 has better value as a game, than the guild 3, and I would advice to keep your money until the game is somewhat near playable, because it is not at the moment."
,Not Recommended,311260,35281279,Posted: 28 September,all,grendelbiter,"Way too early released, crashes constantly, the only thing you can do right now is produce and sell goods. Crashed the game everytime I tried to court someone. Dropdown Menus and messages stick to the screen sometimes and it's hard to get it away. When you use middle mouse button to rotate the camera it also moves the camera once you reach the edge of the screen, that should be disabled when you rotate. The character doesn't respond half the time when right clicking to walk, some paths are not traversible at all. Very much placeholder stuff, which would be ok if it worked."
76561197962541439,Recommended,311260,35456858,Posted: 3 October,all,SunBrewedIcedTea,"stil in EA, but the developers are providing daily fixes.  Support this games development, it has great promise."
,Recommended,311260,35466919,Posted: 4 October,all,BlackOriel,"It has a lot of potential, but i am getting really annoyed with the amount of times my game crashes. Characters get stuck on objects and there is no way to get them to move again. Rather wait for the full release if you want to enjoy a smooth game."
,Recommended,311260,35231963,Posted: 26 September,all,[RB]Kalasas,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR A PLAYABLE STATE GAME:I played the guild 1 and 2. Loved them. Modded them. Played the heck out of them.This game will be no different upon its final release.HOWEVER, it is not at final release state yet. It is, at best, a working alpha version of the game.There are bugs, place holder assets, and even UI overlays that show gamedata.That being said, the engine looks beautiful.The Engine runs very smoothly on my pc (16 gb ram, Radeon R390)The Skill tree system is a cool new feature.A lot of things work somewhat already. I say somewhat because this game is INCOMPLETE.There is a lot of work still to go, and I would recommend anyone that is interested in providing feedback to the developers to purchase the game and see what we can do with it. If you want a playable game, don't get this yet."
,Not Recommended,311260,35236148,Posted: 26 September,all,Stryderunknown,"This review will change in the future, as long as the development towards the game continues.Not Recommended for Casual Gamers who want to play a finished productOnly Recommended for die hard fans who want to aid development through input/fundingIf you are thinking about buying I'd suggest not to bother unless you want to support and guarantee that it's developed into a fully functional game.  Otherwise you'll spend maybe an hour realising that it still needs alot of work (with missing functions, placeholders, bugs and no optimisation) and then asking for a refund.You might as well just hang onto your cash in that instance, watch a video or stream of someone attempting to play it instead.Update:The game is playable if you put some time and effort in, however it's awkward to use (clunky) currently, but this is likely one of the reasons for wanting the feedback of players through Early Access to aid in working out the areas that they haven't fully commited to (where the placeholders are) such as the UI."
76561197993351973,Recommended,311260,35508512,Posted: 5 October,all,Rock,"OK, I know this is an Early Access Game, and 've only been playing this a short while, but I have to say, I am more than impressed.I was a Guild 2 fan, got indroduced by a bro in the Ghan many moons ago, and have been hooked ever since. This sequel completely shattered my expectations, even in the early access.Biggest point for me: The ""story"". I loved that in the Guild 2 you started off as a new business person, ready to build your empire. It took skill, luck and hard work to achieve the dominance of the East India Trading Company. It really appreciated hard work.The Guild 3 takes this even a step further.You don't start off as a rich, skilled laborer, ready to take on the world. You begin as Joe Q. Taxpayer with some skills. Anything from ""I like working with plants"" to ""I apprenticed under a blacksmith for most of my childhood"". And from the ultimate beginings of an empire to we start this lovely narrative.Yeah, any company that puts this much work into a pre-release is worth watching, especially with such a great product they call an ""early access""."
,Recommended,311260,35246598,Posted: 27 September,all,Hypelios,"Its the Guild!!I have loved playing this econ sim for many years.This new one has a lot of potential, but there are many bugs and features not fully funtional yet.The graphics are a huge improvement over Guild IIUI needs some major work, its clunky and interactions are not fluid,There are quick keys to send avatar to home, or market, but not business?!? Why!?Bugs:-Graphic Glitches-Screenedge scrolling does not always work, mostly at the top and left edges.-Tooltips not disappearing, or not appearing when they should.-Building list filter is odd, its exclusive instead of inclusive, so you have to click out everything in order to find a specific set of buildings-Employees just stop gathering and sit at gather site doing nothing, sometimes during the day, but always after day change, Need to recall them to building and start gather over again-List blank with trying to court, or engage in an affair-When trying to poison the well from the Pesthouse nothing happens-When trying to setup a trade route, unable to select anything in menu or modify or access map for destinationList of bugs i have found in just a few hours.I still would recommend this game as its The Guild Man!Looking forward to future releases and patchs.EDIT: Daily patches from Developers!  Excellant Support7/10"
,Recommended,311260,35234697,Posted: 26 September,all,Isamu,"I have been playing for 3 hours now and havent had any major bugs yet. The game is differently early access though. There are lots of small bugs and place holders, but in my case anyway its differently a playable game.  The core of the game seems to be all there, and its really good. It is still very similar to the past guild games yet improves on a lot.EDIT: I tried playing rogue now and it had more bugs. Craftsman is definitely playable though."
,Recommended,311260,35368110,Posted: 1 October,all,Richard_M,"Before you purchase and give it it bad reviews just wait and read thisThis game is still in early acess, although it looks like pre alpha atmEarly acces games WILL have alot of BUGS and still CRASH ALOTIf you get crash and bug, tell the devs to improve it, not just whine about itDo not whine like a lil ♥♥♥♥♥ if you dont understand what Early Access and expect a FULL GAMEthats it, im a fan of the guild series and most city building genre, so i will this game a chance to improve, not whine like a lil ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,311260,35227093,Posted: 26 September,all,Enzo,"The game is no where near close to Early access and yet they have released it as Early access. It's more like an Alpha technical test.The UI is horrific, i mean it's truly an awful masterpiece. Randomly linking you to different parts of the game, randomly showing you the code behind the interface, yes like actual game code. You can't scroll the text box's you can't move the text box's.The NPC's just like levitate or shuffle on the spot, interacting with them is a night mare, navigating the map or rotating it is the slowest thing i have ever had to endure even with the settings set to max speed movement.The crashes, The amount of crashes is insane, i thought you said you managed to only get 2 crashes the entirety of gamescon? i got 5 in the first 10 minutes trying to make the game playable.Change the resolution? Restart, Change the sound? Restart, Change anything at all in the settings? You guessed it, you need to restart the game.I'm playing this game on aAsus Rog Swift 1440P Gsync MonitorI7 -4790K @4GhzGTX 1080TI16GB DDR3 1800MHZ ramand the game is installed on my SSDAnd im getting 25 FPS on the LOWEST settings. Also, whoever decided that right clicking the sliders was a good idea is an actual moron.This game has been in development for so long and THIS is what you have to show for it in ""Early Access"" It needed AT LEAST another 6 month's before you put it in Early access.This is barely a playable Alpha technical test. This is really disappointing, and i have refunded the game.I'm just gob smacked with how much time you have had, and how little you have done. The guild 2 as it stands is less buggy and more polished than this. And that game never got fixed it just got forgotten, and i feel this game will suffer the same fate"
76561198021441311,Recommended,311260,35234769,Posted: 26 September,all,Glovesflared,"Its rough right now. Very rough. But people wanted EA so we got it, and guess what: its not great right now. But the potential is there and the devs have planned a year of development already so I recommend this."
76561198044635745,Recommended,311260,35230346,Posted: 26 September,all,Krakatoa,"The Guild 2 Renaissance was arguably my favourite game of all time. Even though it was full of bugs, and continually crashed after year 20, it combined all the genres I love.Unfortunately the Guild 3 is in absolutely no state to be published.Regardless of this I am recommending this game because of the strength of the series, and I have complete trust in the devs that they will create a complete and fantastic game eventually."
,Recommended,311260,35229988,Posted: 26 September,all,Mipi,"Please note that this game is running under the early access program.What this means in this case:The game is pretty much still under heavy development. The UI is nothing else than a placeholder currently, game mechanics are really clunky and the overall ""flow"" of gameplay is pretty harsh.In fact it´s everything the developers stated it will be:A first look at the third Guild gameA game iteration in a very early versionA way to gather feedback from the fans of the game series in order to foster the mechanicsI recommend the game for every fan of the game series, but I do not recommend it for people who are looking for a polished product. If you want to take a look at the third installment of the guild series and if you want to help the developers by giving feedback in an early phase, feel free to commit.But if you´re looking for a few hours of amusement after coming home from work, please consider whether the game in its current iteration fits your needs. If you´ve loved the first two titles, you will probably love this one too. But maybe not right now due to the nature of a product being in active development.As stated above, the game is under heavy development and what you´ll get now (state 26-09-2017) is not meant to be fun in terms of gameplay."
76561197981355371,Not Recommended,311260,35229116,Posted: 26 September,all,jtroutt19,"As of right now The Guild 3 is not playable. I can load the game and get through the character creation, but upon trying to enter the game world everything freezes. I have to force close the game to get out of it. I've made sure drivers are updated and closed down everything running in background just in case. No dice. I would be willing to support the DEVs if this was playable even at $30. But as it sits right now it is not worth it. Will try again in a few months! I do not recommend this game as of now."
76561197968324945,Recommended,311260,35235402,Posted: 26 September,all,Flobba Job,"Right, this game is still heavily in progress but I am going to recommend it anyway simply because it isn't anywhere near as broken as people are saying. This game is playable, and it's definitely enjoyable to fans of the previous ""The Guild"" games.Is it perfect? Not by a long shot, but there is definitely a good base here, and I whole heartedly believe it's going to improve more.Sadly trade routes don't seem to be working (but that could be me as it took me over an hour to get the game actually running properly), but as long as you micro manage your characters a bit, it is possible to get a successful business going. I now own a level 3 woodcrafting business with a warehouse and a house all by each other (directly opposite the lumber yard for convience).Really, if you enjoyed The Guild 2, you should feel right at home with this one, however perhaps wait a couple of weeks for them to fix things, but, it is definitely playable.I'm gonna clock in a lot of hours on this game in the futureEDIT UPDATE: Developers are currently updating this game daily, fixing bugs quickly and improving stability to make this game look better daily.I feel more and more confident that this game is going to end up being a gem of the Guild series. I hope anyone reading this will ignore the negatives because they're posted purely from the point of view of sour imbeciles who don't know what Early Access means and whom are too impatient to wait even a week to see how it improves."
76561198031235256,Recommended,311260,35232848,Posted: 26 September,all,scott1,As a fan of the guild series I can honestly say I am pretty excited about the game and it's development. As of right now and the state the game is in I can't with good consience say go out and get it unless you want to support the developers and the game it's self. So for that reason I am giving it a thumbs up because this little sneak peek looks pretty good but do keep in mind it is in very early access and is lacking content.
,Recommended,311260,35253256,Posted: 27 September,all,gmanda4th,"I'm almost 2hrs into the game.  Played the series back to the start.  I like where the game is going in this series.  I enjoy the fact that I dont just start and am able to sell 1,000 of gold worth of stuff with a ship and get to the end in a few days.  Have to grind it out at the start and will for awhile.As far as stability, yes, I've had some crashes and I start back up in 2-5mins.  Not the end of the world and not my first EA game either.  I think for EA, the game is fine.  Yes the price is more than most EA, but the game is also a major franchise and I'm excited to be a part of putting input into the game.  Buttons are in the wrong place still.  Some features are not optomised...but its EA...if you dont have the stomach for that stuff...then wait until february.  I have no sympathy for the people that complain about EA games not working.  Usually its something that will get worked out in the next week or so if its serious.  I've given up on an EA game for a month til it started a few weeks later and loved it.  Thats why it's EA folks.  Love this game and enjoying the progress to date.  Love GolemLabs games and have faith in their ability to finish the project."
76561198158458404,Recommended,311260,35436845,Posted: 2 October,all,a_marzoughi,"You have no idea how many years I am waiting for this! :(But guys, PLEASE! it is full of bugs. I understand it is early access but please fix the bugs!"
,Recommended,311260,35426755,Posted: 2 October,all,[HoodBros]gromchegrom,"So, I like it. Right now it's playable but with bugs, a lot of them, poor optimization, there is not enough content etc. one word - Early Access. I saw better EA games, but there are no games like The Guild series, and thank you GolemLabs and THQ Nordic for a try to resurrect this good series.Of course thumbs up !"
76561198176700425,Not Recommended,311260,35273919,Posted: 28 September,all,Mephisto,"Do not be fooled.I am accustomed to Early Access. But this game is REALLY not playable.I do not think that the devs can do it, a shame."
76561197991374416,Recommended,311260,35345230,Posted: 30 September,all,SphinX,Yes this game feels like a Guild game!Yes it shows some effort into new skill tree updatesYes it is early access and needs workSo glad to have it and not need to wait another two years to join in on the fun.Thanks for the release and the hard work to come
,Not Recommended,311260,35440062,Posted: 3 October,all,Darkshifty.Zero,"This game is very very alpha, but the idea is there and the devs seem very devoted to make this game to something viable. i've refunded my purchase but i definatly will return(and review) if the state goes close to a playable product. Buyer beware, this is not yet playable if you have some quality requirements."
76561198041924801,Not Recommended,311260,35242240,Posted: 27 September,all,Holy Athena,"I did end up refunding to wait longer. Early Access Review.I've been waiting for the Guild 3 for ages. All I wanted was a Guild 3 game that was much like Guild 2. ANd it is.. but...Everything is worse than the predecessors except graphics, but even then it's partly because it cheats. I'll explain in a bit..-------------------Note: I don't ever down vote EA games for bugs.. It's EA.. c'mon there's going to be bugs. So I'm going to leave bugs out of the review as a negative, unless they just compound on an already obvoius issue.1) no tooltips what so ever.. You have no idea what's going on, or what any of the stats do.2) THe UI is completely non sensical and difficult to make heads or tales of what it's trying to tell you. Which is compounded by the fact that again.. no tooltips or anything to remotely help you understand.3) Half the pictures aren't there, or boxes with nothing in them. Like when I tried to setup an ambush as a thug.... I get into a fight.. empty boxes on the UI with no tooltips, and half the buttons don't work. (I'm assuming they're disabled due to being EA and not a bug?), but I'm locked in a fight.. choose to mug the poor wench I attacked, and... nothing.. hmm.. So what's going on? as I'm figuring this out, 5 minutes later 250gold pops up on the screen.. oh.. I guess I was stealing from her?Again, many of these UI elements are non sensical or completely missing. What was telling me my person was mugging her as they're standing staring at each other, and not just bugging out?4) Nothing explaining even the basics of the skill system, tree, or progression system, which.. again.. is.. confusing as all hell. WHy can I select carpentry as a blacksmith? WHy can I switch freely? Is what I'm selecting where my exp is going when I do stuff?You tell me, because the game certainly doesn't do jack to tell you.5) non working trade system. Normally I wouldn't put missing features in a down vote for a game in EA. I'm not like that, except this is a major missing feature.. You can't use your carts to send all those goods you created, you have to do it by hand.. which is a massive waste of time. Carts and haulers in Guild games are ESSENTIAL to making a proper profit.. It's non functioning atm..6) Interiors.. In Guild 2 the Interiors were 3D functioning interiors.. in THe Guild 3? A picture with your avatar standing in the corner... Really?-------------------------------In terms of an EA it's a pretty rocky start. Unless you're fine going in and playing a hella buggy, non sensical, ""guess what this button does"" puzzle master 2017, I'd suggest waiting for awhile. It's got alot of promise, but atm. Delivers almost nothing but the absolute bare minimum. The UI, Mechanics, Information at hand, interiors, and representation of everything is far superior in The Guild 2 than the Guild 3. Unless they plan to diverge from what they've already done, that won't be changing and isn't due to it being in EA. It's purely poor design choices."
76561198325692892,Not Recommended,311260,35239730,Posted: 27 September,all,coppi97,"Surely I do not expect a fully functioning game, but at this version playing is not so easy. Problems with saving and the second and third map do not guarantee stability in playing. At this point, the game has to be considered a Demo, and I do not recommend to buy that version. Despite that, the game has so much potential, hope prestations of playing will improve."
,Recommended,311260,35253936,Posted: 27 September,all,wMike,"Big fan of the game, played since first Guild 2, have high hopes for this one but still my fav is Guild 2 ren,I support the devs and I'm not dissapointed for purchasing the alpha, but this is very very alpha if you know what I mean.There's a lot more to be done. I hope it will at least reach the gameplay attractiveness of the Giuld 2 if not surpass it but as of right now, that seems a long way down the road."
,Recommended,311260,35228615,Posted: 26 September,all,Teyvill,"This is literally an unplayable... I even cannot call it a game. Everything is covered in bugs, the gameplay is as transparent as russian bureaucracy. Even though I've played both 1st and 2nd games, I had to spend 30 minutes to figure out. None of the features are working properly. Interface is awful. ""TEMP"" icons everywhere.. Seriously, dudes, WTH did you do for bloody 3 years? Smocking weed on publisher's money or, I dunno, did you probably donate it to ""Alternative for Germany"" political party?The Guild 3 is botchery from head to toes. I hope that after early access period things will change completely, I'm even ready to provide constant feedback, make charts and tables for the developers in order to make them fix all this stuff... But one think that hurt me the most... was absence of animated interiors with workers, well, doing work like it was in previous games.Not refunding AND hitting thumbs up just because I still believe in developers. Please, finish it. Properly."
76561198007896052,Not Recommended,311260,35256162,Posted: 27 September,all,Tommy W,"I love The Guild series games, and was counting days, hours and minutes for this game to appear, but at its current state its unplayable. System requirements seems fake, theres very few graphics options, so theres not much to turn off to speed it up. Even with decent PC you get like 10-30fps depending on zoom scale.Im refunding it. I'll purchase it again, when its optimized at least a bit."
,Recommended,311260,35229058,Posted: 26 September,all,MedievalHamster,"Early access is early access. If you can't comprehend this and expect a finished gem of a game, do yourself and the devs a favour and stay away.  Currently there some frame rate issues as well as uncooperative UI challenges. There seems to be a lot of placeholder text and ui images. Gameplay-wise it is a bit grindy, especially since in my game I was not able to purchase a cart or anything to that effect, so that means limited inventory space and you have to run back and forth a lot between your house and the market.Aside from that, it's really cool to see the scale. Graphics are much better than the previous games. Did not experience any crashes.Recommended only if you want to support the devs and have the patience to wait a few updates for the game to become fun to play."
76561198042896883,Recommended,311260,35227954,Posted: 26 September,all,Merónic,This game is pretty good for a early access game. sure there is alot of bugs but it's still enjoyable :)
,Recommended,311260,35228969,Posted: 26 September,all,xxxVIKTORxxx,"Excellent game.Early Access was too raw, for show game engine simply probably, but potential are great.Waiting for patches and game Realise in 2018."
76561197984742329,Recommended,311260,35229050,Posted: 26 September,all,Rhofasul,Only buy now when you want to support the developers.
76561198063816220,Recommended,311260,35229113,Posted: 26 September,all,.,This game is actually unplayable right now but i do have hope and ill support devs by not refunding this. I'm sure this game will turn out great like the guild II. Waiting for multiplayer :)
76561197972288930,Recommended,311260,35229166,Posted: 26 September,all,PresBartlet,"I have played Guild 1 and Guild 2 and the numerous expansion packs, and am a big fan of the series. I have been waiting to play this game since it was first announced and I am looking forward to when it is finished. It needs a lot of work/polishing but there is definitely the making of a very good game. As far as paying £20+ for the game in its current state, I purchased with a view to supporting the developer in the hope that it would speed up the final release date.If you are a fan of the series then it is a good buy to see how the game is shaping up. However if you are new to the series and like the concept then I suggest you buy The Guild 2 and wait for The Guild 3 to be finished."
,Recommended,311260,35229867,Posted: 26 September,all,Shemone,"I'm a huge fan of The Guild series and whole-heartedly expect this game to be better than it's predecessor, eventually.RIght now, it's a buggy mess, there's lot of placeholder art, performance issues and flaky interface input BUT the game oozes potential, I bought this game on early access to get a taste of what's to come and to support the devs. I didn't expect perfect and I didn't get perfect, this game has alot of content and has nearly a year to iron out the bugs and performance issues before release, so I'll wait, patiently, like an adult knowing full what what i've bought into. Right now I'm excited for the future. Although multiplayer isn't implemented yet this game could/should be a beaut when it's done.As for my recommendation, Yes I recommend you buy this game now, if A) You want a slight discount. B) You want this game super early and C) If you can handle all of the above peaves. If you can't handle C) then move along and come back later when it's finished."
76561198107528110,Recommended,311260,35228901,Posted: 26 September,all,Potpourri,"Full review here:https://potpourri87.wordpress.com/2017/09/27/the-guild-3-first-impressions-and-feedback/First of all:This game is nowhere near done. This game is in a stage (in my opinion) between alpha and beta. Consider this when buying. It is Early access. In this case, very early. If you buy a game with this in mind and come back only to whine... well guess what, you♥♥♥♥♥♥in your own house.Now for he review:At this point, I'm gathering in a word dcument a lot of things that don't work or severly lack functionality. Nevertheless, I enjoyed a little bit of this nw and fresh feel, TG3 served me for the last 2 hours. There are still a few functions (like trade routes) that need to be functional before the game can become interesting in a non-tedious way. Also keep in mind, that progress is way too fast. I played 2 hours and am already able to run for office etc. Way too fast^^It is a trade-simulator, with a real nice rustical touch. It looks gorgeous. And despite what some people say, it runs smoothly and did only crash once. The crash occured because I wanted to try traderoutes. I knew that they would crash. I just wanted to try. I saved beforehand.Why do I recommend this?Well If you came this far in my review, you're most likely not someone that looks for a finished game. Maybe you're a dedicated fan that wants to come up with feedback? If that's the case, buy this game and give your feedback.To Golelabs (if they read this): keep up the work. There is much to be done, but still, you're on to something!"
,Recommended,311260,35232321,Posted: 26 September,all,Kallo,"I find it hilarious that people complain about an unfinished game in early access, isnt that what early access is for? for developers to release and have the community play-test their titles and help the developers deliver a good game.Do not buy the game expecting a finished and polished game, you wont find that here, yet. Instead buy the game if you are a fan of the earlier released titles of the TheGuild series and you wish to support the developers work."
76561198037922430,Recommended,311260,35508417,Posted: 5 October,all,Legion One,"I bought the game on Sep 26 along with all of the other guild series.  I tried to play the first day, crash to desktop over and over.  Did I throw a temper tantrum and ask for a refund?  No.  I just found something else to play because it is early access.  It is now October 5th.  They have been releasing patches almost daily it seems like.  Each time something with the game improves.  Less crashes.  The mechanics are getting better.  The interface is getting there.  So far they are doing an outstanding job with this early access title which is more than I can say for most early access games.  People begged them to put it on early access, so they did... now the same people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it.  It is playable as of right now, the first day, not so much. They are on the right track with this one I hope they stay the course."
,Recommended,311260,35228971,Posted: 26 September,all,TredzYip,"Is it optimised ? No, not yetIs it fully playable ? No, not yetIs it buggy ? Yes , it isBut guys , today just first day they launched as an EA game. Give them time to fix and enhance.If you love TG2, you should give some faith to this.We asked for TG 3 EA, now we got it. All we need is give faith and time to the dev team.Thumbs up for them as encouragement ! I can wait and I believe this will be 1 of the great games !"
76561198037121773,Recommended,311260,35229193,Posted: 26 September,all,jords55,"Graphics are great and I can see the potential. Ui is a bit clunky and some of the features are absent but this is early access and if you want to help the devs find and fix bugs and give ideas on the direction of the game get it, if you're here expecting a highly polished game ready to play come back in a few months to a year."
,Recommended,311260,35232442,Posted: 26 September,all,Synaptix,"I have never bothered to write a review before, however I believe that this game deserves one.The good:The graphics do look much better than the previous games although, I wouldn't currently call them up to par.System mechanics are there and they do function although with most of the quality of life/ease of play gone.Some noticeable improvements from the previous titlesA revival of one of my favorite game series.The badIf you are not a previous fan of the series hold off until actual launch.The UI is -very- unresponsive. It almost feels like lag, but it's notProne to crashes like almost all EA titles.Rogues feel very lackluster so far, with pickpocketing being completely manualTLDR: If you are a ""The Guild"" fanboy/girl it's worth the $33 Canadian I paid for this game. If you are not, hold off buy the older titles to get a taste and wait for a full release.It's pretty clear to see they pushed this out the door for the diehards and butthurt. It shows :("
76561198061225267,Recommended,311260,35232837,Posted: 26 September,all,Evergreen,The game is unplayable. but i love it. Wait for the full release. I recommended it just to support the Devs.All the best ! :D
,Recommended,311260,35232839,Posted: 26 September,all,zer0xll,"It'searly access, those of us who been watching and waiting for the release well here it is!The game itself does seem to be missing some major development. There are bugs everywhere, but after all it is aearly accessgame so expect them. Had few crashes here and there during gameplay which kinda sucked, but hell I just need to save more often. FPS need to be improved or optimized.If you don't want to alpha/beta test this game then skip it for the time being and then come back when it fully ready.Even with all the above and more issues surely around the corner with the game, I enjoyed myself."
76561198196235505,Recommended,311260,35232446,Posted: 26 September,all,oceanbreeze8008,"I'm so happy that is similar to Renaissance but, with way more to do. Thank you guys you made a gem here."
76561198016193234,Recommended,311260,35229696,Posted: 26 September,all,Capps,"As a big Guild 2 fan, this game has lots of promise. (One of the biggest letdowns is being restricted to roads...) As long as this game has been in development I figured it'd be much more polished than it actually is. There is tons of programmer bobble ridden in the game and tons of placeholders. The UI is clunky and the game is unoptimized.In their EA description, GolemLabs states ""The only differences will be those made due to feedback from the fans, and of course final fixes."" under the ""How will this game differ"" portion. There is much more that needs to be fixed than just what they state.The reason I'm giving it a thumbs up is because I think that GolemLabs will bring this game together and make it a great title in the future when it exits EA. Right now, I would wait until it exits EA."
,Recommended,311260,35228024,Posted: 26 September,all,Veh,"Buy it now if you want to support the devs, otherwise wait 'til full release.Don't buy it and expect it to be done, quite a lot of stuff is lacking at the moment. Including Multiplayer.Devs: You really need to focus on the UI - It's bad. Fix the resolution/tooltips as well."
,Recommended,311260,35229019,Posted: 26 September,all,Toxicwire,Everyone's complaining but has barely put time in it. And all the bugs people complain about I have not seen or encountered besides the spinning character here and there. Everyone's talking about low FPS yet they don't turn down the shadows and they say there is lack of content yet they haven't played enough to see if that's the case or not. I personally like it and its OKAY for an EA. Give it a try and support these devs.
76561197963360231,Recommended,311260,35450768,Posted: 3 October,all,[SXR] Slave,It will be a great game as they add mor content
,Recommended,311260,35503908,Posted: 5 October,all,Garn,"The game is in an early stage. Most of the stuff is working even though it is hard to access it through the incomplete UI. It is 7th workday after release and we have 6th patch already. The development at this time is mostly about fixing crashes and a few QoL improvements. Devs are awesome, tho, communicating every day on Discord, showing enthusiasm, responding also on bug report system and having a great approach to the community AND the game. Steam forums are full of toxic butthurt kids while on Discord you have mature playerbase discussing bugs, balance, fixes and stuff.If you want almost-fineshed game to play 10h per day - FORGET IT.If you want to exploit cheaper price to play it later - DEFINITELY GO FOR IT.If you want to play from time to time, explore the game and you don't care about bad UI and bugs - WELCOME ABOARD!"
76561198051874641,Recommended,311260,35233854,Posted: 26 September,all,Lightingale,"It's early access and only released today. For context, I've loved the guild 2 since it came out ~10 years ago.While most of us have been burned by developers making games and then abandoning them in EA, this is the Guild 3... not a new title. There are a lot of negative reviews of the game based on bugs that, in all likelihood, will be fixed soon.Yes, it's buggy,  unplayable in some professions, and clumsy to navigate as of day 1. Give it a week or twelve. I think the devs made a mistake in releasing it so soon as steam players are unforgiving and expect a perfectly playable game from the get-go. It's early access. The barebones are there, you're getting the game at a discount, and the devs appear to be listening.I'm looking forward to how the game progresses over the next few months"
76561197977469571,Recommended,311260,35232986,Posted: 26 September,all,iston,Keeping in mind this game is ea i like what i see so far. Game has a lot of potential once the bugs get worked out and all the features are implemented.
76561198059637166,Recommended,311260,35232313,Posted: 26 September,all,Commissar197,"While the game is pretty unplayable at this point it does have great potential and it's got a good framework to build on, hopefully they'll fix the bugs soon.I recommend supporting the game developers so they can finish, if not just get a refund before it's too late, but I have high hopes and I don't see any reason not to support.But I do like to rant and found alot of issues and problems that will hopefully be fixed soonHere's and uncut rant to my friend about the game:Commissar197: soCommissar197: the guild 3Commissar197: the guild 2 came out 8 years ago and it was pretty damn buggy and still is, like 30% of the stuff doesn't even work like it was meant toCommissar197: but its still ♥♥♥♥ing fun as hellCommissar197: the guild 2Commissar197: the guild 3*Commissar197: it is in early accessCommissar197: but ♥♥♥♥Commissar197: its been 8 godamn yearsCommissar197: this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing implayableCommissar197: i cant even think of any game that is worse then thisCommissar197: the main menu takes about 10 seconds to load up while it's still playing, so like theres a moment of nothing and just an empty background of dirt and grass and then just a huge group of villagers just burst out of each other and lag up the menuCommissar197: the character creation is somehow less customizable then the last game where there was options like, religion, name, hat typeCommissar197: those were basically all the optionsCommissar197: now theres lessCommissar197: you can choose what your character sounds likeCommissar197: the options are ♥♥♥♥ing text to speech robot voicedCommissar197: in a medieval game D:<Commissar197: the maps are kind of cool, the cities themselves look very nice, the background areas, like surrounding mountains and rivers look total♥♥♥♥♥♥Commissar197: even my 10 year old brother said they look like some little kid made the riversCommissar197: you start off as a peasant with a house where you can start  your business by making daggers, torches or horse fittings out of iron and wood, sell them at the market and get more supplies, then you can eventually be declared a citizen of your city with enough money and hard work, you can then buy or build your own shop of your choice, you can choose to become and dedicate yourself to forgery, cooking, healing, etc. and so far i like that systemCommissar197: but it is such a horrid terrible grindCommissar197: you have too force yourself to make what you want to sell, when you run out of stuff to make that stuff your workers and you will just stop and complain that they can't work you have to take each individual character you own, and tell them one by one to go the market, and fill out their inventories with resources to buy, and it says to double click on an item to get max, but it takes like fifty tries to get the max, other times itll just give you 0 or you have to click it slowly, five times each, cause your character can only hold five things at a timeCommissar197: and you have to do that with each characterCommissar197: also it looks like almost none of the menus were finished, the skill tree has about 5 custom icons out of 100 placeholder images only a few of them have descriptions of what they actually do, you can't go inside buildings and watch people work anymore, you can go inside some, but it's just like a picture of a house with no characters inside you can't even go inside the town hall so how you can join the city council is beyond me, and the city council menu looks horrible i feel like they're trying to build more realistic looking menus with more outdated textured icons and character portraitsCommissar197: the game lags so much it hards to feel any real immersion or connection to any charactersCommissar197: and the camera pan is terrible, pressing any wasd keys sending the camera to the other side of the map instead of just a bit to the sideCommissar197: and it's not just my computer running it poorly, other people are complaining about it too saying they have really good computersalso idk if it's cause they sent a small update or not but my saved game didn't even save, even though it said ""Game Saved - New Game"" something like that.Commissar197: and theres alot less graphics options then there was in the last game, you can only control a shader and a graphics sliders and neither of them seem to do anythingCommissar197: windowed mode works like♥♥♥♥♥♥ sometimes like game data flashes across the screen it doesn't make any since and lasts a second but it just likes numbers and backwards textCommissar197: and sometimes characters and buildings just kind of turn of a blank white and backCommissar197: and the actions task bar is confusing and their titles take a moment to show up and there's no descriptions of what they do if it's confusingCommissar197: thats about it"
,Recommended,311260,35251419,Posted: 27 September,all,Zanem,"I myself happened upon the Guild 2 a long while ago, near it's release. Little did I know I would start a small love affair with a game I would regularly return to. It was buggy, it was odd, but I loved it, and hooked a few people on it.Never did I expect after so long I would see the Guild 3. It's early release currently, and it's buggy, BUT it's a great start full of promise and potential.So far I've only had one crash, and that was my fault. I totally support this EA title, but know that if you get it now, it's got bugs and issue. The tradeoff is you're paying less now for the full game later!"
,Recommended,311260,35231023,Posted: 26 September,all,Bobslide,"So...first time expiriencing Guild series and from waht i can see this game is awesome...been reading reviews good and bad and have to admit current EA base of the game seems promising...now to gameplay and how it holds:1.game crashes on start...its a fact...7/10 times its a crash...needs work but hey! its EA...first day of it2.graphics are ok for EA but still needs some work glancing and optimising ofc but hey its Early Acess...first day of it- ok so...dont touch the resolution or any graphics settings in options...it will break so it shows onyl 1/4 of screen so you cant do anything...nothing helps except reinstalling3.playability in concern of control over character, HUD availability and usefulness is legit...stable gameplay with occasional bugs in sale in market but not gamebreaking4.voices are generated (robotic) which i resent and hope for real voices...character has funny chatter depending on what you do like if you click on its icon it goes ""stop clicking on me"" which works fine5. windows of market, residence, community etc are stable and no glitches so far meaning everything that is in it works as it should...NOTE: this is early acess so the game is nowehere what it will be on full release so patience is a virtuewould recommend buying for those that cannot wait and are used to EA practices to help develop the game as testers...but if you are into hi-tech graphics and full experience would reccomend waiting for full release couse this might ruin your hopes in this early stage of development...hoping to get hands on full release ASAP will be updating experience through dev of EA"
76561198033854273,Recommended,311260,35229188,Posted: 26 September,all,szros,i recommend this game cus if you love guild 2 you will love guild 3 i love guild. That the game is Great!its only need some uppdates first. :)
,Recommended,311260,35475036,Posted: 4 October,all,Damelon,Buy this game if you:- Like to see things as they develop- Want to help fund a company that is continuing a great series- Like to be helpful- Can handle stuff being broken- Understand what you are actually paying for at this stage of developmentDon't buy this game if you:- Can't handle games in developement- have an insatiable need to post why you could have done a better job- want to play a feature-complete game- get angry easily- don't care if other people may have opinions different from yours and feel the need to call them shills
,Recommended,311260,35227607,Posted: 26 September,all,Nubsauce,"Honestly, idk why people are like ""OH MY GOD THERE""S BUGS""....when even in the description it says there will be minor bugs and a few Major bugs that will be fixed.... they know its buggy..... it just looks like the people dont know how to read lol.Honestly, from what i've played so far....its pretty awesome. Yes its buggy, yes it doesnt like anything above 1080P but if you can get past the technical bugs that exist, you will like it. The game has NOT crashed on me at all and the interface takes some getting used to. But it's early access and it's expected. From someone who played the Guild 2 religiously, this game will be finished and done well."
,Recommended,311260,35231996,Posted: 26 September,all,Toffer,Buy to support the devs not for a complete game.
,Recommended,311260,35237165,Posted: 27 September,all,Flay,"The only reason I've ""recommended"" this game is in the hope that THQ pull their heads out of their arses.The game in its current state is nothing like The Guild 2: Renaissance, which disappoints me. It's going down the path of a generic micro-management sim which I find quite disgusting. THQ have gutted everything unique that players found in TG2:Renaissance, so far. We'll see how the game progresses in the development but I don't have high hopes."
,Not Recommended,311260,35475716,Posted: 4 October,all,tseus,"One of the most bugged EA games I have tried.Unplayable (bad controls, crazy UI, glitchy, unresponsive). Would have preferred they waited than to release something like this."
,Recommended,311260,35233865,Posted: 26 September,all,Lomaric,"Its early access but I can see alot of potential with the game.  There is a roadmap to further objectives, and if they keep to the schedule and release quality software it will be an excellent game.If you do not like games that are still in development, then The Guild 3 is not a game for you.  It is still pretty rough around the edges.If you like to watch a game develop and have features  released over time,  then give it a go.  So far I have enjoyed the experience."
76561198107805422,Recommended,311260,35445647,Posted: 3 October,all,AL,"This game runs very slowly on a medium range rig, the fps Drops sooooo low when you zoom out, Please optimize the game so it can be playable for general rigs! not all people have  the best rigs, even though its not yet polish, the idea of the guild 3 keeps mo hook, and hoping for the success of this game, and please.. Optimize! i will review again if it satisfies me more :D"
,Recommended,311260,35249307,Posted: 27 September,all,Mypoppy,Supporting the dev :) Keep going!!
76561198006939060,Recommended,311260,35290789,Posted: 29 September,all,Chubby Demon,"Great potential. Look at the foundations not at the sky, They released a patch that improved the game overnight.People that don't understand early access are going to turn people away from a great game."
,Recommended,311260,35231562,Posted: 26 September,all,Dragonborn,"DO NOT BUY TO PLAY IT!Hello, this early access is nothing like most early access games that are playable (pubg, dayz, rust etc). Most of it's features are not ready, buttons do not work, sliders, automations - all not working yet. Even complimenting someone will crash the game. If you are fan of the series, you might just want to see into the developement and support it. This game is NOT PLAYABE by any means yet! But I am excited to see it getting ready for public!"
76561198120519634,Recommended,311260,35242237,Posted: 27 September,all,grgazzels,I like the game so far. Its EA so we all know that there will be bugs. But there are a few issues that are not working that clearly should be. Its safe to say they will be corrected in the next few days. I read alot of the negative reviews and seen people complained about non issues and basically was there inability to read what was required to achieve that task.Requirements to play is a little off. If your computer is near minimum required you may have issues playing if you dont know how to get the most out of your rig.If you cant handle bugs or are a snowflake I would not buy it yet. Wait a week and see what patches and or updates they put in and try and read thru the BS posted my entitled brats.
,Not Recommended,311260,35315656,Posted: 29 September,all,tdk5001,"I'm a fan of The Guild ever since first part - I think it has a lot of potential, mainly because of the political system in the game..However, this is The Guild 3 - the third attempt to create this game - and while the graphics is up to date, the mechanics of the game are still as unresolved as it was in The Guild 1 (if not worse actually)... people love this game (if at all) because of the idea, not because of graphics. Could you please fix the mechanics in The Guild 4 instead of trying to focus on graphics?I'm a huge fan and I would hate to wait for 5-10 more years to see a sequel which deals with the biggest problems of Guild 1..."
,Recommended,311260,35248821,Posted: 27 September,all,Zerokoolkc,"This game has some insane potential, buy it now to support company, buy it later when the game is done, up to you."
,Recommended,311260,35264876,Posted: 28 September,all,Garnier,No sweets without sweats.
76561197978054271,Recommended,311260,35274924,Posted: 28 September,all,Arcalen,So far for early acces seems good. Definetly would like to see some improements to UI so i can track all my employees easier and find my buildings too. After this latest update today the game is running much smoother too on my PC where before it was a bit clunky. I am excited to see what the final game is going to end up as!! Definetely worth Snagging up now before it goes full price!
,Recommended,311260,35251546,Posted: 27 September,all,zaney,"Why is this worth it? Because it isn't an early playable version of the game, it is a window in to the later development cycle of the game. It's not a full playable release like ARK, dayz, and so many others that almost never leaves early access, it's a view in to the bits and pieces that will eventually form a full functioning game.THIS is what early access was made for. Not rubbish that stays EA for 5-10 years as an excuse to never have a polished game.Also you get the end game cheaper by buying this tech demo now. Recommended!"
,Not Recommended,311260,35287939,Posted: 29 September,all,sketchie,"Download... Load... Crash... Load up ... Crash... Get in game, graphics are nerfed (expected in a EA), no basic tutorial, play the game, clipping is rampant. This is not a $30 early access, this should be going for $10-$15. Refund time."
76561198146235122,Recommended,311260,35251539,Posted: 27 September,all,declan.lacey,"Going to reccommend because if they really flesh out the game and clean it up it had potential to be very good. They want feedback about things they can fix so here are a few bugs i have noticed so far. In the options a lot of the buttons dont work, i dont know if that is becasuse the games graphics are not fully worked out yet or if it is because of another reason. Also just througout the game some buttons or commands dont work. All to be expected in EA and im guessing they already know about most of the bug. Once they work out all the kinks and add all the features we are hoping for this is going to be a very very fun game. Looking forward to helping you guys make it as great of a game as you can!!"
76561198030647912,Recommended,311260,35252913,Posted: 27 September,all,rmill27,"Will have to update this review later, that's for sure.  This Early Access version is clearly early access.  The game UI is almost too wonky at this point.  Would certainly expect the new updates to focus on it.  It's just in general hard to consider the game playable.The game does look like it will be good though, so if you do get in now, you'll end up appreciating all the little quirks and fixes as the game develops.If you've played Guild 2 I would recommend, but if you haven't, maybe wait for a Guild 2 sale and try that first.  It might be difficult figuring out what to do without any prior experience."
76561198030957496,Recommended,311260,35272983,Posted: 28 September,all,johnl89,"Buy this to support development.Buy this if you enjoy the series.Buy this if you are patient.I am honestly taken back by the current state of the game, it truly is not where it should be after all this time and possibly released to EA a tad too soon. I would suggest the developers really focus on optimization as soon as possible for smoother gameplay, because it is choppy - which means more bad reviews. There's a lot still to go regardless of what the studio has been saying the past few months.However, we have waited a long time for this game and it does show lots and lots of promise. If they devote the right amount of resources, this game should be on target for proper release IMO. We want this done RIGHT though, unlike previous installments. I will change my recommendation should there not be a steady stream of patches and/or there are delays in development. But as of now, support this amazing potential."
76561197963017995,Not Recommended,311260,35296321,Posted: 29 September,all,Drakedge,"I ended up refunding it right quick. There's nothing to do in this ""game"" yet. You can buy resources, and refine them into items to sell... to buy more resources, and repeat. That's it.I did not see a way to produce my own resources, say like farming to bake to sell baked goods, or cotton for clothing or what have you. This ""game"" is as bare bones as possible. In fact I wouldn't even call it a tech demo at this point.Buyer be ware, this is beyond overpriced for what you get as of 9/29/2017"
76561198095296483,Recommended,311260,35275090,Posted: 28 September,all,TiedStatistic,one day this game will be better than Guild 2 but today it is not
,Not Recommended,311260,35250309,Posted: 27 September,all,S8MedikGG,"Early access is exactly what it is, but it feels more of a proof of concept at this point. No tutorial, even a basic command guide would be helpful. I am getting the ""Vaporware"" tingles. But, always give the benefit of the doubt, early access helps with development feedback, development funding and a darn fine way for the developers to frustrate the gamers for giggles ( I thought that was what a spouse is for)."
76561198119615941,Not Recommended,311260,35290797,Posted: 29 September,all,Zantetsuken,"I'm not going to say much that you probably won't read in the other reviews. In summary though, I can not recommend this 'game' at the current moment, even if you're the type to want to help with bugs and the like. There just isn't enough here for the community to really work with at the moment, its a tech demo at best. I am pleasantly optimistic that they are heading in the right direction though, a lot of the framework for the game to be great is there, but its just not playable. I loaded up the game, managed to not have it crash, and even doing that once I got into the game and started playing, the game just doesn't function. I created a food prep. character, and was working my way to baking and eventually taverns and such, but before I could even get enough xp for baking, the market ran out of the raw goods I needed to produce my lowly flour, and no more seemed to be added to the market ever. I mean I am all for supporting the devs and helping with debugging and such, but there has to be something on our end to do other than crash 2 minutes into the game or run out of game material in like a half hour. I am not personally refunding the game or anything as of now, because I am optimistic, but in its current state, I'd recommend just watching and waiting for a couple updates to see where this thing goes. If things change for the better I will definitely update my review to a positive."
76561198038774701,Not Recommended,311260,35226770,Posted: 26 September,all,TheGoat,"This game is the biggest disappointment after No Mansky, years of development for such an incomplete game is not comprehensible. I understand the concept of early access but that is like a pre alpha.- mediocre translation into German- Soundbugs eg women have men voice / old sound samples from the 2nd part recycled- no multiplayer (currently)- no tutorial (grayed out option)- Text windows can not be closed and / or are without content- Loadingscreens resets sometimes- cant quit the game sometimes- cant gain Exp."
,Recommended,311260,35228517,Posted: 26 September,all,Petry an den Herd!,Buy it if you want to help the developer. Dont buy it if you want to play a playable new Guild right now.
,Recommended,311260,35309510,Posted: 29 September,all,Mr Xus,"Very good addition to series, bug fixes coming quickly and making it very enjoyable"
,Not Recommended,311260,35282347,Posted: 28 September,all,Omri,Simply put this game should not even be in early access yet. It's pretty well unplayable for the most part. Bug after bug. I do understand early access. However EA means the game is at least playable for the first few hours. Earlier today i was able to play very little. Now since it updated it has major graphical errors that makes it unable to play. Will try it out with each update :)I've waited for this game for so long. Now just for them to update it and fix it to be playable and i'll be happy. Def not worth the 29.99. They should have brought it down a bit for the state that it is in. Hoping in time it gets better.
76561198027158365,Not Recommended,311260,35226790,Posted: 26 September,all,ComradeSergei,"Extremely broken right now.EDIT: the update of 28/09/2017 fixed the settings menu and it is now possible to use the + and * buttons next to the sliders.however the resolution is still messed up.It seems like it could be a problem with the fullscreen setting, it just will not fit to screen.when the chosen resolution is too large for the screen, normal games will simply fit it inside the boundaries of your screen anyway, if the resolution it soo small, they'll also make it fit anyway,this game however either displays only 2/3ds of your screen as ""fullscreen"" game, while you can see your desktop or other open windows in the other 1/3rd of the screen.*OUTDATED*(Settings only work partially, the ""+"" and ""-"" buttons next to sliders seem to be only decorative for now as they don't actually move the sliders, or worse the sliders cannot be moved right now.The screen is off center and even after some fiddling with the setting the screen is still all manners of wrong.At first the menu and settings were displayed in the middle of the screen, but the location where my mouse was on screen, and where the game though my mouse was, was all wrong, to click on anything in the settings I had to guess the offset, mine was somewhere to the right and below of the actual buttons.)As for the game itself, right now it's not playable, quite literally, the resolution is all wrong, I can't see half of my UI, even though I've already lowered the resolution to be less than my actual native resoltion.there is no way that I've found to raise texture quality, the slider is stuck on the lowest part, neither the + nor - buttons do anything and you canot manually change the slider.I cannot understand what went through the heads of the people who decided to release this broken version of the game to steam, I've seen simulators made in under an hour that AT LEAST FUNCTION.Then again this is just an ""early access"" game, which in my opinion is the worst type of rotten dreg that is avaible on steam, just finish your damn game *and THEN publish it*! what's so damn hard about that?Give it a few more months of development before you even think of buying this, no matter how much you've wanted the next iteration of The Guild series."
76561197970609310,Recommended,311260,35231257,Posted: 26 September,all,[WFX] Michael-Schindler,"I already like the Game - but dont buy it if you want to ""play"".Beside it is unplayable due to bugs, it feels like it could be the long awaited successor.Had no problem so far to get into business and menu struktur - but they could be much more ""cleaned"" up.Cant await next releases. Keep up the good work, Developers!"
76561198050455295,Recommended,311260,35231276,Posted: 26 September,all,Strifeboy,"Some Quailty of lifes things need done but it scrathes that itch that i haven't been able to do for ages, love games like this."
76561197966586705,Recommended,311260,35254469,Posted: 27 September,all,Mythox,"i followed it , i have desire it , i got dreams of it   and now it is here !!! a lots of works wait the developpers but as a gamer i show my support for em and for the game by buying this real jewel with a huge potential"
76561198002095876,Recommended,311260,35310465,Posted: 29 September,all,Vondur,I should give it thumbs down because in reallity the game isn't ready yet. Loads of tweaks and fixes are needed for the game to run smoothly. On the other hand I trust the devs to use the money I spent on the game to make it as it is intended to be.So devs... don't let me down :)
76561198012780465,Not Recommended,311260,35229122,Posted: 26 September,all,Valar Morghulis,"To be honest, I really didn't want to give it a thumbs down. I waited for this game almost 10 years, since The Guild 2: Renaissance at least. Yeah I know it's Early Access, and yeah I know it doesn't have to be polished, and yeah I know every other The Guild game was so buggy at start that it could even break your game. But honestly, I don't think the devs ever played The Guild or The Guild II, because there are so many comfort functions missing, which should totally be in there.For instance, starting as a poor fellow, grinding my way up, to a bakery. At least I tried. You only get XP if you work yourself (so far so The Guild 2). I bought a mill to increase the production rate and hired my first worker. But because I couldn't by a handcart (because there was none available at the market) and I didn't want to send myself to the market to buy ressources (only 10 at a time) because then I wouldn't be able to level up anymore. So I sent my worker to buy the ressources. Well that didn't work out that well. Buying wasn't the problem here, getting the goods from my worker into the storage room was. I couldn't find out how to do it.Another case, starting as a herbalist in London. Gave up on that because I had to run 8h from my hut to the ruins (freaking ruins are you kidding me) to gather flowers. In the The Guild 2 there were ressources all over the map, so why do I have to go so far to even start producing stuff?It could have been so easy. Just remake a The Guild 2 from scratch, without bugs. But they didn't, and that makes me really really really sad. I didn't wanted a polished game in EA, even tho it was stable on my end (window mode was kinda buggy and crashed the game but alt-tab worked for me). And I also don't care much about the graphics. And if you zoom out it looks at least a little bit good. But right now there are so many things that annoy me as someone who played hours The Guild I as a kid, and hundreds of hours The Guild 2 (had the game on disk, so the displayed Steam playtime doesn't count).I won't refund this game, because I want to support the devs, and I really want this game to be greater than The Guild 2, but I honestly can't leave a good review at the moment. Even for an Early Access game, there are so many things missing, that it's hardly playable. Hell I didn't even find out how to court someone (which in a dynasty simulator should be an important thing? [no important characters tab like in The Guild 2 {why not???}]).I can't recommend it yet. But I will if the Devs are behind this project and change it for the better. 1.3h may not be much, but are sufficent to see what's going on and what is still missing."
76561198125117698,Not Recommended,311260,35289392,Posted: 29 September,all,[TrPt] Sgt.Potato | unikrn.com,"Sorry for my bad english guys, here a few of my opinions:-Pro: - the game seems to be a ""good"" sequel with a high potencial- the graphics are way better than in the other games of the series-Huge Cons:- On my system the game is very ""laggy"", not only if i'm moving the camera, no in the options too...- for the current state of game the price is way too high (even if it's early access)- there are very few possibilities to choose from in the character creation (that's ok for early access)- there are very few options like graphics etc. (for you to be able to controll the performance issues/ but... that'sok in early access)That's all from me for now, I hope i could help you guys..."
,Recommended,311260,35239345,Posted: 27 September,all,Humdrum Fox,"I am a big fan of ""The Guild"" series and Renaissance was one of the first games I bought on steam as soon as I've gotten myself one. To this day, I sometimes play it just because I'm in love with the concept and the whole gameplay mechanics.I was hyped as soon as I've found out, that 3rd game is in development. 1,5 years of waiting, strolling through information and getting Early Access bought pretty much as soon as it came out on steam.First of all - it's not betta. It's buggy and barely playable at this point. So if you ARE looking for a game to play and you are NOT an obsessed fan as myself - don't bother and wait for full release.That said, this is far from a stable betta. More like an unfinished-alpha build.I loved some of the mechanics I've encountered through my tiny playthrough and I'm absolutely looking forward to a full release, when it's ready. Mainly - loved the idea of babysitting just one character out of your family, absolutely adored the idea of dynasty experience instead of personal one and the graphics as a whole - it's not like it's super important in a Guild game, but it's nice. Also, since the buildings are smaller now and cities tend to be bigger - it also opens more opportunities to building an ACTUAL city, not some village with a ""Capital city"" name attached to it for some reason.Absolutely waiting for the full release and hopefully we will get some sort of stability patch by the end of this year, since I kinda want to make my moneys worth and have an ability to play around with the new mechanics as well. At this point, some of the concepts seem a bit either rushed or not finished.Good luck with finishing the game! And again, if you want to buy early access - remember, that this is pretty much a buggy demo of what's to come in half a year when the game is finally finished :)"
76561198095353106,Recommended,311260,35239251,Posted: 27 September,all,DrWatson221B,"Although the game is buggy and not alot is active at this stage, it is in early acess for a reason which is why I suppose It's released for us so fans can give feedback and make the game progress to help the devs in our own way. I see alot of potential in it and i enjoy how realistic it looks, but I am deffinetly looking forward to more gameplay, more content to come and of course more diversity in the cities, I want the NPC's to be as alive as they can be and I'll be excited to see that happen when they keep updating and polishing the game! I also think that if people are so 'eager' to play this and then moan about the playability in it, then do NOT rush to get the game when it is clearly EA for a reason. In time, it will hopefully become what it's meant to.Overall, it's good for now but better to play once more finished. :)"
,Recommended,311260,35237137,Posted: 27 September,all,Ithikari,"Pretty good game, has same elements as 2. Quite buggy so I wouldn't buy it yet unless you want to support the devs. On that note, has anyone found out how to join the Council yet?"
,Recommended,311260,35237412,Posted: 27 September,all,PeeWee,"You probably shouldn't buy this yet unless you want to throw money at the developers. The game is not just ""sort of unfinished and buggy"" - it's actually more of a concept than a playable game right now. I still like it because it lets you see what is coming but don't buy it expecting to do a full playthrough with a dynasty right now."
,Recommended,311260,35227421,Posted: 26 September,all,ScottyChams,"Look right now the game is not ready, but the concept is solid and you can see the work put into it to expand from the last game. Only purchase now to support the devs!"
76561198014421205,Recommended,311260,35233450,Posted: 26 September,all,Nineandhalftoes,"I do not usually write reviews, will i play all the guild games and spend endless hours on all of them. i remember all the bugs, crashes and corrupted save games. But it never stop me from playing and this was before steam also have this on my wishlist for ever.Will here i going with my review of G3 so far. yes definitely buggy and it crashed a few times, graphics ain`t that great very glitch which none of that stuff bothers me right now.what really bothers me is your not able to go into any buildings other then management screen of your business or home, and your able to own a business but not some sort of transport to haul lager amounts of materials. ya you can buy transport but none of the markets sell them or it take forever to get up in level to make them in the mean time you have to walk to the market get 10 pieces at a time and go back to your home or business its just to repetitve and unrelistic and you an hire ppl to get materials but didnt c any auto mangement option might of missed it.So far dont like the skill tree and how they mixed the skill tree in with titles for example you had to pay for titles in G2 and now in G3 all you have to do is go up in level because the titles are your levels i like the way they had in G2.In any case its not bad and its not great. i hope they keep working hard on it. i am going to keep play and hope i find something that they change that i actually like because they change alot of stuff that made it guild unique in my eyes.i am not going to give it a bad review. my review will change. i would recommend to ppl that like the guild so we can give the best feed back as possible to make a great game. i know my review sounds  negative but it is EA and just want a good   game that i can play for years."
76561198007067550,Recommended,311260,35233787,Posted: 26 September,all,RighteousDemigod,Here is the good the bad and the ugly…The Good…It has great bones to continue the build out on.It looks much nicer than the other games thanks to graphics progress.It really feels like a Guild game (bugs and all).There is still plenty of time to complete the game.They gave us Early Access….The Bad…I really expected it to be farther along considering how behind schedule it already is.The Ugly…It is not playable due to game braking bugs...Looks like most economic systems are not working…Like employees do not restart working when the return to work the next day and you can’t reassign them they just freeze…No one sells to the Market meaning you will run out of raw goods…Over all Looks like a good start for EA So I will update as they do…Be aware that many reviews are forgitting it is day one EA...
,Recommended,311260,35230878,Posted: 26 September,all,DrBossWatson,If there was a maybe option until the game gets a little more finished that would be my recommendation.But I've had a fun afternoon of pickpocketing people.
76561198085477185,Recommended,311260,35229606,Posted: 26 September,all,Mike1294,Nice game. It is in EA so it's far from perfect but considering they plan on working on it for another 6 months it should come together nicely.
76561198007740117,Recommended,311260,35230727,Posted: 26 September,all,shortysean,"Theres alot of detail in this game, but it still needs alot of work and could be a bit easier to understand but i cant fault the game for that. Still have high hopes for the future."
76561198027994522,Recommended,311260,35231318,Posted: 26 September,all,Richard_Shru,"This is my first time leaving a review, so I'm going to try and be as thorough as possible. Also if you like watching video's more, you can see my first impressiong in this video onmy Youtube Channel.To start off, I think the thumbs up-thumbs down binary choice of steam reviews is terrible, and lacks alot of context as well as ""poisoning the well"" for any nuiance that might see some people still interested and others not so much. So let's just say that while I can't give a blanket endorsement on this game to everyone, I do think there are people that will want to buy it in even its current state, and I'll explain more below.So to start off, the game has several features missing from the original series. These have been promised in later updates, like Multiplayer for instance. I actually fully believe the dev team will follow through on its word to implement these features, but their roadmap seems a bit..optomistic. The game has numerous game-breaking bugs and broken features, and is not even feature-complete, much less polished. And I'm not talking about proposed features, I mean the currently implemented features are unfinished. There are skills that don't exist, skill tree's that are more developed than others, and occasional shader issues that will cause portions of the city to turn black. Saying that by Christmas we'll have multiplayer implemented seems overly ambitious, and I think will ultimately see a pushed back deadline or more broken features released.Adding to that, there are major UI issues that make playing the game difficult. Tooltips are found by right-clicking and holding. Which is useful to know if you haven't played the prior Guild 2 games (or its been a few years and you forgot), but of course nothing will tell you this.Localizations for tooltips and general game info is missing in many areas, and vague in others. While playing a Rogue for example, there is a skill that allows you to scout an area to rob carts from. The problem is that, when you use it, no new information is made apparent to the player. If there is a UI element that shows ""THIS ROUTE IS GOLDEN FOR ROBBING"", then its not made apparent. All I saw was that I'd gain experiance every time I used it.Contrast that with one of the other elements of the starting Rogue Tree, Jugglery. You use this skill to dance around in the street and get a few coins thrown at you, and either little or no experiance. This...this is a drastic step down from the previous title. I liked the idea of pacing out the gameplay over time and truely starting from humble beginings, rather than launching your criminal career as a rogue by having a ready-made gang as soon as you buy your first building in the immediate start of the game. But why can't my character pick pocket? Why does that have to be a later skill? It makes the begining skill set of a Rogue seem pathetic.I wanted to continue on towards a different issue. The team behind this game is apparently less than 20 people. The game itself is hugely ambitious, and that doesn't mean they can't accomplish it. After all they are recieving support from their publisher, including additional programmers. But the workload for this game is not small, and will likely require time to see through. I expected crashes, bugs, etc. I didn't expect to see so little actual features and gameplay comparatively finished.Finally, I think the biggest problem with the game right now is its price. Once upon a time, game companies had open betas. It was a chance to do mass bug testing, drive up hype for a game, and generally get feedback. The problem with Early Access is that it means the dev's are charging for an open beta right now. And its not that cheap.They will get all the positives of an open beta from this move, but they're killing alot of good will by having their release now. I don't think it will kill the game outright, but I think it was the wrong move overall. Because even after the Early Access, they'll still have the normal patching and updating taking place before the inevitable DLC and expansions, and I hope they have a solidly finished product by then or this could easily turn into a disaster.So now for the final element of it all, would I reccomend this game? If you have disposable income and nothing higher on your list, I'd reccomend picking it up. Its cheap now, and I have faith in the developer to accomplish their goal of making the game. However, if you are looking for a more finished early access title, or you are low on cash and want something that is more likely to be enjoyable now rather than a few months from now, hold off and wait for a sale or for the final release date.There is a solid framework for this game. The problem is that its not close enough to being finished to reccomend yet generally. But the promise of a good game is here, and I believe it will be seen through."
,Recommended,311260,35234323,Posted: 26 September,all,777eza,"As a long running fan of the guild series, I have got to say I love some of the choices the dev have made (especially the skill tree). Now a lot of people will probably be (and are) disappointing with the current build of the game, (missing content, broken systems, bugs, etc) I suspect they were expecting a more complete package and I can't really blame them nor can I recommend it to everyone just yet. However I do recommend it to guild fans like myself, who have been waiting forever for a new guild game. It's fun to see the new systems and how everything works and for people wanting to help support the devs.As for the new UI I know some people hate it. While some of the features are broken on it. I don't really mind it. It took a bit to learn, just because I was so used to the guild 2's hud but after I got over that hurdle I got to say I'm not really bothered by it."
76561198015366478,Recommended,311260,35234566,Posted: 26 September,all,SeaFaringTea,Its Day 1 of EA and it looks promising! Here to help thats what EA is for. Lets make this the best game it can be.
,Recommended,311260,35474304,Posted: 4 October,all,Beornwahl,"Patches are coming in swiftly and steadily, so I'm gonna recommend for now (it is early access after all)But there is still a whole mountain left to fix..."
,Recommended,311260,35227052,Posted: 26 September,all,Phantom,Do not buy it now unless you want to support or if you are expecting something perfect. It seems there is much to be done.
76561198012237546,Not Recommended,311260,35425062,Posted: 2 October,all,Nyome,"I've been waiting forever to play a modern version of this all-time classic game, but so far I am really disappointed: I miss the essence of this IP - it seems to be hidden behind a wall of bad performance, unnecessarily detailed 3D graphics, clunky and  overloaded UI, a lack of focus and a lot of character movement misklicks (why do I need to move a character around at all?)At this stage I'm missing the simple, but addictive fun of managing own business(es), a career and family history over generations, the game instead feels overloaded with unnecessary features and complications. It's Early Access but the game is at least another year away from release (that has been postponed before), therefore I can unfortunately not recommend to play The Guild 3."
76561198058685070,Recommended,311260,35432675,Posted: 2 October,all,MrWarSpoon,"A lot of quirks currently, as to be expected with Early Access games, and sadly is a lot less finished than EA typically are. There are some absurd and aggrivating bugs and crashes, but I've been enjoying it for the most part so far. Big props to the devs for continuing to rollout updates and patches. I would not have recommended it a couple days ago, but gameplay is constantly improving and it's neat to see how this is developing.If you're expecting a finished game, this is not for you at this time."
,Recommended,311260,35432848,Posted: 2 October,all,泽野,"This is  an intereting game, but it still will get a lot of negative comment before producer solve the bugs and add more language."
,Recommended,311260,35251972,Posted: 27 September,all,leggo,"This game is awesome! I absolutly love this game.Does the game run, yes it does, but very poorly.Does this game have bugs, yes quite a fewBut I've been waiting and waiting for this game for a really long time and yeah its has some flaws but flaws can be fixed and I'm stoked to see this game get improved upon."
76561198045702426,Not Recommended,311260,35459036,Posted: 3 October,all,The Governor,"Games resolution is screwed up. Only shows one quarter (top left) of screen, making it impossible to reach settings to try a lower setting. Attempted re-installion and launch codes however neither have brought remedy to this issue. Contacted developer about issue and was given a ""we have no solution enjoy the game!"" reply. Disappointment doesn't begin to describe my feelings to this title I had much awaited."
76561198037202031,Not Recommended,311260,35328060,Posted: 30 September,all,cryst,Not ready for EA !!
76561198011706666,Recommended,311260,35241744,Posted: 27 September,all,ChrisK,"The game is alright. I have been a fan of the series since the very first one came out and been eager with anticipation for the release of this game, and while this is an early access game, the developer has said that they don't plan to make any major alterations to the game beyond bug fixes and fine tuning the game. If that is the case, then I fear that the game will essentially go down the same road as prior editions in the series, namely that they will release it and fail to really invest the time needed to work out the kinks.The game is beautifully designed, and seems to flow rather easily. Gone are the abrupt ends to the day where you struggled to get the last bit of product made and to the market before the evening bell tolled to show you a summary for the season. In its place appears to be a seamless continuing on of the day, however in the short time that I have played, I cannot seem to tell if anything happens if you are constantly working through the night. The game does not do a great job of introducing the player to how to play, and if you are a fan of the series, it is different enough where you feel the sense of having to relearn how to play the game. There is also a lack of detail with the insides of buildings, in the past you could witness the growth of your business by the addition of new items or additions, and it would appear in the little nooks of the building. Now, the buildings seem to be a general scene where the character and another individual are located, almost like you are looking at a painting and have a dialogue choice, which ultimately takes a lot of the feel out of the game. It reminds me that I am actually playing a game rather than being part of a world within which my character lives. Ultimately, while I love the fact that a new installment has been released, it is far from finished (unlike what the developers have been saying on their media posts) and departs enough from the way the series has developed where I don't know if it can satisfy. I am recommending it on the basis that it is likely to improve and the developers will realize how much more work needs to be done.As a final aside, the developers really need to get in touch with the history of the areas in which they place the cities. There are a great number of little things that stand out which remind someone that may be playing in the City of London that the game was made by those versed in German history, as names for positions and other aspects in German lands of the time are placed into the British lands which would have immediately realized it as foreign."
76561198047916660,Recommended,311260,35453894,Posted: 3 October,all,BlackStarAlpha,"Amazing dedication by the devs so far! If they keep it up at this rate, this game should turn out iuuge! Thats why I'm giving it a positive review so far! Make the Guild Great Again! #MGGA"
,Recommended,311260,35247433,Posted: 27 September,all,Ramas,"ENG+PL reviewPl: Zamin ocenicie grę negatywnie, zobaczcie jakie cuda działa zastosownie się do tego poradnika:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1148614783błędem twórców było wypuszcznie wersji z masą filtrów i blurów etc. Ja dodatkowo wyłączyłem tryb developera w tym pliku. Ogólnie powinni wypuścić łatkę polegającą na podmienieniu plików jak ktoś jest oporny i nie umie sam sobie tego zrobić. Dodam, że po wykonaniu tych kroków gra jest płynna, bardziej kolorowa, szczegółowa. Poprostu studio ma problem z uzystakniem porządnego filtrowania/blurowania grafiki i powinni się za to zabrać albo odpuścić/odrazu wylączyć. Polecam na maksa granie klawiaturą tj większość czynności jest zbindowana/zmappowanaEng: tl:tr   game work good graphic too but first we must do this:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1148614783i dissable developMod too."
76561198009550939,Recommended,311260,35247610,Posted: 27 September,all,Majik,Despite the naysayers this game is fully playable with many features currently disabled.  I've yet to put in many hours but the time I do have playing have been great.  I have had only one crash and it was because I was trying to used a disabled feature.  So much of the negative reviews revolve around the idea of a playable game and how it isn't.  Let see... it fires up you create a character and you can build buildings produce items and make money.  Yup playable.  Dispute many features being disabled playing the game as the dev wants you to will help iron out the bugs.  The point of early access.  This will be a great guild game.  Once finally polished guild 2 fans will feel right at home and will love the new features and styling.  New comers to the guild will utilize the current clunky but functional tutorial.That's all for now.  Ignore those downvoting because their expectations were waaaaaaaaay to high and they want a finished game NOW.  Let their mommys change their diaper cause I'm tires of reading their poopie here.
76561198003719818,Not Recommended,311260,35250707,Posted: 27 September,all,Morcaster,"The game is not currently playable. No active working tutorial, no tooltips, no UI scaling."
76561197998264878,Not Recommended,311260,35269708,Posted: 28 September,all,Rayune,"I added The Guild 3 to my Steam wishlist in December of 2015. I was excited with the promises that I was hearing about it. They would keep the elements of the game that made it so great, and they would fix the bugs that would make it so frustrating. In the two years that followed, I was nervous with the development updates. Rather than give information about available jobs, they would write cute little stories about people who held them. Instead of telling us what new features to expect, they told us about the people making the game. It seemed like the only reason anyone would dodge questions about gameplay would be that, perhaps, there WAS no gameplay, and they had been flushing away four years of development. My poor wife, who cares nothing about video games, knew enough about this game from my constant ramblings to say, ""I'll believe it when I see it"" when I said the game would be released.I installed the game, and boy, was I wrong about it! From the moment I opened the game, I was taken aback by the amount of love that went into it. The obnoxious voice acting from previous games was amended with high-budget actors. They knew how to focus on textures and optimization instead of adding lots of bloom, and I was able to freely adjust settings to suit my preferences and my computer's capabilities. I was elated to find that I could finally automate my businesses effectively, without constant clicking and micromanagement. I could simply set up a trade route to replenish supplies as needed, and I didn't have to worry about production being interrupted by a lack of resources or by the inventory being flooded with ingredients. Once I got it running how I liked, I was pleased to be able to look inside my business and see my employees working away at it. Sure, I spent most of my time in previous games in the town view, but I'm glad that the devs recognized that there is an important kind of satisfaction in at least giving us the appearance of actual work going on when we open the building. I had a hard time picking what business to start with first, but of course it had to be my absolute favorite-- the graveyard! I was very satisfied with businesses like these, which have always contributed to the very unique character of The Guild, being implemented so well. Yes, some aspects of it may have been a bit mystical, and there was talk of cutting it, but I'm glad that the devs realized that cutting out every business even a little bit whimsical in character would leave them with a soulless and mediocre game. After spending some time with the graveyard, I expanded my business empire to include what appears to be the favorite of virtually every fan-- the church. Although it would have been easy to simply throw this unbalanced class out, a lot of effort was put into making sure that this job, which I will remind you appears to be the fan favorite, was both balanced and fun. I think I will go with the banker next. Yes, it's been broken in every game to date, but I hear it's gone through an overhaul that has finally made it function as intended. At this point, I broke into the political scene. The endless meetings from previous games had a way of becoming tedious, but they were made brief this time around, instead of cutting them out altogether so that you just automatically jump up the ranks when you apply for a new position. And, as I came into new offices, I found that they were each unique and had desirable perks to them, instead of being exactly the same and incredibly bland. Usually around this point in a Guild game, my businesses would have their trade carts glitching out in a clump halfway to market, but I never once had a pathfinding issue where I would need to stop everything and reset every single trade route manually. I figured that Early Access would be somewhat buggy, but the bugs were minor, and they were merely bugs. In no way was this the incredibly bland, mediocre, and soulless game that I feared. They knew what was good about the previous games and what gave it its unique joy, and they kept it in, just as they promised....And that's about the time I woke up and rolled out of bed."
,Not Recommended,311260,35251162,Posted: 27 September,all,schmiesty23,"Not playable, although as a long time fan of the series i am glad to finally see 3 coming to us i still have to urge people not to waste thier money on thie EA. ui/ai/mapping is way off, looks like they literally took alpha/beta gameplay from guild 2 and put it on a newer graphics engine, which in and of itself is obviously still in developementtruly looking forward to the work this will lead up to however, as i have utter faith they will get this into a fun playable state and modernized by next year"
,Recommended,311260,35247429,Posted: 27 September,all,Hertog Jan,"Ignore the negative reviews, it's mostly about people whining about it being EA and that there are bugs.Game has a promising roadmap, and while the most serious and pressing issue is the fact that trade routes aren't a thing which keeps the game into a micro managing sim.For people transitioning from 2 to 3? Hoo boy, stuff changed so buckle up and start exploring. The games a bomb filled with potential, which the developers need to blow up on asap."
,Recommended,311260,35249658,Posted: 27 September,all,ECBoots,"This is a very promising start. Early Access, and especially early Early Access, is always a rocky and tumultuous time. Once I got the feel for the game and everything was working, I could immediately feel ""The Guild"" feeling. At the very least, I'm confident we'll see a good updating of The Guild 2 and look forward to it."
,Recommended,311260,35249874,Posted: 27 September,all,Weird-Kestrel,"I loved the other two games, despite some sometimes sticky gameplay.I've just bought this to try push and support the developers, I chose to give this a thumbs up because i'd hate to see so many people thumbs down and end up tarnishing this which should be an awesome game, i'm expecting guild 2 pumped with steroids and a lovely makeover, don't dissapoint me please.I do feel a little dissapointed because I feel the description lead me on a bit as I don't really think it should have been released this early even for an early access as I think for what i'm expecting of this game there needs to be a lot more put in and a polish is probably an understatement at this point.Like the other reviews say, buy this game now and support the developers aswell as getting it cheaper or wait and pay more for it when it's complete."
76561198076375487,Not Recommended,311260,35401841,Posted: 1 October,all,Highlander,BRING BACK INTERIORS!!!!!!
76561197986625918,Not Recommended,311260,35349820,Posted: 30 September,all,Michael,"Can I recommend it as a game where you can have fun for couple of hours?- No.Can I recommend it as a product where you are able to help to develop a great game? Cuz IF it will be finished, it will be one of the greatest.- Yes."
76561198360802029,Not Recommended,311260,35354271,Posted: 30 September,all,xXChicosTacosXx,"I'm a huge fan of The Guild series and I wish there were more of these types of games out there. Unfortunately, at this stage, the game is unplayable. It is slow, laggy, and many functions still don't work.  I'm happy to essentially donate $30 to the developers but in its current state, I cannot recommend this game to anyone who is looking to be able to sit down and actually play it."
76561198075931333,Not Recommended,311260,35357574,Posted: 30 September,all,Harris,"This game is a scam - don't get it.1) It's full of bugs, glitches and crashes to the point it's not playable. Any activity you try to engage you'll find is full of bugs. This is not Early Access - it's more like of a technical demo. No idea what the devs have been doing for all this years - besides developer interviews and chicken jokes.2) The devs lied about the state the game is currently in. During the development we've been fed a lot about how's the game is almost finished and how EA is there to put some finishing touches. The EA description itself is a lie, I quote: ""Early Access is fully playable but in need of balancing and (performance) optimization. Participants can expect minor and few major bugs, that we will fix during Early Access."". Neither the game is fully playable (core features missing), nor the bugs are minor. False advertising.3) You could forgive the devs for the bugs and buy this game as an investment, since the price will increase later. But don't. The main problem with the game is they failed at core features the fans love The Guild for. It's not immersive anymore, building have no interiors, all business production is basically about watching a blue bar filling up instead of watching your character at his trade. Another major fail is new leveling/social/office system. xp is now tied to titles instead of levels and you can become Archduke by simply making flour from grain at your farmhouse outside of town. Every action you can do is now barred behind some titled to the point of absurd. You have to be a Citizen to be able to court someone (!), and a Free Citizen to apply for the lowest council office - Town Clerk.To sum it up - the game is not playable now because of bugs, the game is not likely to be enjoyable later because the devs failed at everything people love about The Guild, and one shouldn't expect the devs to make something good out of this abomination of the game as they have lied to their players repeatedly and will undoubtedly do so again."
,Not Recommended,311260,35243261,Posted: 27 September,all,DScythe,"At this current state, NOT RECOMMEND!!Save and load does not work. yeah, that's right. Save it, went out for a meal, crashed every single time i tried to load the save.Start over and realise that the AI is not contributing anything to the economy. That's mean if u r not a crafter, u will never be able to get bags, carts and such because the AI does not make them to sell it in the market. Building cannot be demolish, plus limit business number u can have; that's mean no relocate or whatever.Each business in your own dynasty cannot provide supply to each other. If u got a farm to grow wheat and such for your mill. u gotta sell those wheat through the market and the mill gotta go buy them at market price. Transporter from your farm wont be appear at your mill, so u cannot unload supply for yourself. No automatic supply route, u gotta do it manually for every single trip with minimum slot for carrying stuffs because there is no bags or cart to buy. basicly your transporters are useless at this point.I wanna refund it, get to the page that they asked me to which way i want my money back; but for the sake of holy Chinese spirit and the fact that i love this title making me changed my mind and keep playing. Right now all i can says is ""Wait for launch"", it can be good. I do flipping hope so."
76561198023130923,Not Recommended,311260,35228509,Posted: 26 September,all,Vonknauss72,"I'm sorry Golem, this is just not good enough considering the time it's been in development. I understand it's a complicated undertaking but in it's current state it feels like it's years from being completed and even playable to be fair. If the EA price where half of what it is I'd consider to let it stay in my library just to see how it develops but it's rediculously expensive as it is now. Frankly I'm not impressed over the gfx nor am I impressed over the ai and I am CERTAINLY not impressed over the Ui.Back to playing The Guild 2 for three more years"
76561198004146305,Not Recommended,311260,35353492,Posted: 30 September,all,Akeso,"AT the moment No dont recommend the game, I am sure it ill be something special but at the moment its proper buggy !"
,Not Recommended,311260,35247202,Posted: 27 September,all,vAne,Get your money back and run. In it's current state game feels very clumsy and you really can't enjoy the mechanics behind the game. The game looks and feels like one of those indie games done by one developer over 5 years and the problem is that this really isn'tt supposed to be an indie game. It is early access but it promises much and delivers little. Might give this another go in a year or two when it is on big sale.
76561198035776649,Not Recommended,311260,35253850,Posted: 27 September,all,RipBongWinkle,"Unplayable even as an Early Access Game.  The only reason to buy this at this stage is for the brief glimpse to see whats to come, especially if you are a previous The Guild player.  If you're new, I implore you to put it on your wishlist.  I don't want this to be your first taste of this will-be amazing game.  It will certainly get better.As of now, you can't even click the simplist things.  You will spend up to a whole minute just to try to put something in your inventory because when you click the button nothing happens.  You mash the left click and eventually you get your goods in your inventory.  You travel to the market and go through the same click fest over and over.  It's very frustrating, and unless you have amazing patience and a taste for absolute boredom you won't like this EA version of the game.That said - I can't wait until the finished (or playable) version of the game.  I know it has the potential, but too man bugs at this point.  I can already see it's well above The Guild 2 (if playable), so it makes me thrilled we'll eventually get there."
76561198019500859,Not Recommended,311260,35285470,Posted: 29 September,all,Redback209,next to no content and not really playable at this stage....you can do little more than look at the map and move your character (will hopefully be able to change this when it gets to a stage where I can call it playable)
,Not Recommended,311260,35353475,Posted: 30 September,all,Talleyrand,"Still very unstable, even for an early access. I hope that some bug will be fixed very soon, because I like The Guild franchise...but I'm getting tired of the bugs."
,Not Recommended,311260,35227446,Posted: 26 September,all,Wolfie,"Wait for updates...At its current state the game ""works"" but its rather buggy. There are a ton of game breaking bugs with many UI issues where you have to click 5+ times for a click to register and some text only shows up partially. Trade routing currently doesent work at all. Markets wont restock so supplies run out in about 10-30 minutes.Good: (So far)Looks NiceCore of the game is there (can buy things off market, build new houses,Craft and sell items,  etc.)Bad:Performance is fine aslong as everything is set to as low as possible.UI is really basic (Clicking menus works only half the time)Spelling mistakes (Nothing bad but still obvious)Give it few months till you buy."
76561198109834745,Recommended,311260,35257718,Posted: 28 September,all,TRIAD,"Good concept and graphic, a lot of bugs and technical issue which is understandable considering its very early stage of the development. This game is currently so far away from what is considered as a complete game (Estimation 40% - 60% progress).Please prioritise optimisation and graphic options. This game currently requires a high-end gaming computer to play due to the graphic being set to maximum by default and currently unchangeable."
,Recommended,311260,35226847,Posted: 26 September,all,Guardious,"There is potential here, I just messed with it for a few min , but to much to be worked on for EA. I won't thumbs down it because well, it's the guild! but for now, I say hold off till some patches come out. For again, even after a few min, there was some outstanding issues that will make it not really fun atm."
,Recommended,311260,35227029,Posted: 26 September,all,ａｒｅｎａ,"Waited since 30th september 2014, finally it's here, unplayable as of current state but hey, it's early access for a reason.I'd support this game 9999 times over, can't wait to get out-of-synced all over again, best franchise of all time!"
76561197965633749,Recommended,311260,35238085,Posted: 27 September,all,lost,"The early access version of The Guild 3 really delivers what was promised!If you want a finished game, wait a few months!If you want to see how far the developers have come, and are not afraid of game crashes, place holders, non function buttons, missing mouse-over text and some lag, then you should get it now :-)Also, if you have not played the earlier versions of The Guild, you may have problems understanding what to do. Getting started is easier if you check out a few Let's plays first...We asked the developers to give us what they have made, even if is was not yet complete.We got Early Access! WOOHOO!I see a huge potential in this game. And I look forward see it emerge from the early beta it is now :-)"
,Not Recommended,311260,35226719,Posted: 26 September,all,Spartan,"So first impressions are not very good, the game is lagy and only gets 25fps. The graphics are not the best, and the UI does not fully work. In the options menu the sliders did not work.I think that if you are wanting to buy the game to play, wait for the game to develope more, but if you want to support the development of the game and help with bug fixing then go ahead and buy it.In my personal opinion I think that the more people who buy it the better the game will turn out because the devs then have more eyes and ears helping discover bugs, and just giving them feedback on the game.So again if you want to support the development of the game then go ahead and buy it, but I would recommend that you wait till the full game is released or until the game has been developed more.Besides there still is another option that you can choose to do, which is play ""The Guild 2: Renaissance"", which is one of my favorite games on steam, dispite not having many hours in the game."
76561198084390593,Not Recommended,311260,35295519,Posted: 29 September,all,Ghost,"Версия игры говорит сама за себя ""0.018C""Пока что прошлые части лучшие раз в 1000"
76561198029147039,Recommended,311260,35276557,Posted: 28 September,all,Lee,"I bought this game with very low expectations.  I 100% support the developers which is why i was glad to purchase it, but  the game is very much unplayable and as bad as the reviews say it is.  Wait for a stable version before purchasing or else you will be very disappointed."
,Recommended,311260,35247186,Posted: 27 September,all,Ormagodin,"Very barebones atm but to be expected in Early Access. Seems a lot of people were expecting a 90% complete game, hence the large amount of negative reviews. What systems are already implemented work nicely, graphics are good enough for a game of this genre, sound needs a lot of work. Would not recommend the game if you're expecting a fun time right off the bat but if you're a fan of the series that wants to see how things progress from this very early alpha state then I'd recommend."
,Not Recommended,311260,35227633,Posted: 26 September,all,Ivnat,Really poor performance. The game is still in its barebones. Many of the actions we used to have in the guild 2 are not there or not working... And with the current UI it is really difficult to keep track of anything or to know what is going on.Not recommended for now. I hope the development will improve it. But so far I wonder why it took them so long to do this little.
,Recommended,311260,35233129,Posted: 26 September,all,Chad Spencer,"Recommend not buying this game now; if you want a good experience, I would recommend Guild 2 for now. Positive review and no refund because there is 100% potential for this to be a great game."
76561198044797852,Not Recommended,311260,35230670,Posted: 26 September,all,ta.al,Can't comment much about the game since it keeps crushing even in menu after 5 minutes launch. Please fix it first.
76561198007510429,Not Recommended,311260,35231230,Posted: 26 September,all,IVo F34I2,"The BadVery buggy and a lot of missing features and UI work:Placeholder TextMissing translations into EnglishMenus not finishedPages missing scroll barsTooltips missingTutorial Cuts outRelationships hard to ascertain progressNO TRADE ROUTES!Slow pacingPoor optimisationBuggy building placement (I placed my croft in a mountain)The parts of the UI that look ""finished"" are terriblePoor sound (""STOP CLICKING ME"" /sigh)The GoodSame Guild feelingNice models and textures (when they load)I really like the guild but this is a massive let down considering the length of development, they should have waited and put it out later, I get that people need to be paid etc but all this will do is turn people off. I can see promise here and would like to think that they will update quickly, but the UI needs ripped out and put back in. Just having trade routes instead of microing everything would be massive.Not recommend for now, I have refunded for now as I refuse to be burned by another EA full of false promises.Good luck!CHEESE TOAST"
76561198026201235,Not Recommended,311260,35228320,Posted: 26 September,all,litl snek,"My god, they had so many years to make this game. i am talking about more than 6 years, its insane how the game looks in its current state. Sure it is an early access, but MORE THAN 6 YEARS, there are people who can create the same product in less than 6 months. Here are the main reasons not to buy the game (ofcourse, you can buy this game to support the devs, but i am not sure if i wish to support developers who clearly wasted the money on something else instead on this game)-The main way to play the game is impossible.-It looks horrible ( I know... i know... ''Graphics don't determinate the quality'' BUT SO MANY YEARS OF DEVELOPMENT!-The sound is buggy, i found several birds that dont stop 'chirp'ing... ever.-Gathering resources, well you can't, when you run out of money you run out of gameplay. ( Refering to the 1st and main issue )-the AI is non existant.-The fact that all the videos and pictures about this game looks Very VERY good! Thats the issue... They only look good. (infact they don't even look like the real product? Even the UI is off? How, why?!)I had very high hopes for Guild 3, waited for so long but for what? A game you can't even play the way it was meant to be played..."
76561198060450513,Recommended,311260,35252708,Posted: 27 September,all,Sedeena/Evelyn,"I would like to start by stating that I will be changing this review as I get more hours invested into this game and as the game develops more.  I felt it important to write my first impression due to the mass amount of negativity that this early access has earned.  I would also like to state that I have not played the other Guild games.So far, I haven't experienced any bugs or crashes personally.  However, I am also playing on a relatively new pc.  (1080 TI with an i7 7700)  That said, I have not experienced any crashes yet after 3.7 hours of consecutive play.  I also have not experienced any clicking issues or ai pathing issues as of yet.  I find this particularly odd because my boyfriend and I were playing game on identical machines, peripheals, and software side by side.  The ONLY difference between my game and his, is that my game is running on a regular hard drive which is not the main drive that Windows is installed on.  His game is installed on his SSD, which is also the drive that has Windows installed on it.  The only thing I can really think of being an issue (no I am not a programmer) is that my main Steam file is installed on the same drive as my game, whilst my boyfriend has his main Steam file on a different drive than the game files.  With all that in mind, his game was crashing fairly often, as well as having mouse drag issues, game not registering clicks, and ai pathing trouble.  Whilst mine was running just fine.That said...  The game does seem like it has quite a few missing elements to it.  A lot of placeholder images and what not.  My female character definitely has a VERY masculine voice.  I am not too happy with the character model options, but can't complain too much given the early access.  My biggest issue with the game currently, is that the tutorial seems to just ""quit"" whenever it feels like it.  I stop getting the pop up tool tips for seemingly no reason.  This game does have a steep learning curve (for me at least) so it makes it difficult to figure out how to keep moving in the right direction.  I enjoy playing the game, but I feel that I would enjoy it more if I had any idea what I'm doing.  As it stands now, I tend to just click around randomly with no real aim.  I have no idea how to get married, have kids, advance my business, or really do anything besides make wheat and barley flour and then take it to the market.TLDR:  I think the game is a lot of fun, but there isn't a lot there to help you learn how to play the game.  I have seen and  heard of many people having issues with bugs, however I have not experienced any personally yet."
,Recommended,311260,35310327,Posted: 29 September,all,Tooway™,"As rough as it gets but I see great things in the future, for the people who lived through guild 1 and 2, we know how rought around the edges this game can be, lets hep them polish this game and make ti the polished guild game we always wanted."
76561198131715839,Recommended,311260,35247229,Posted: 27 September,all,Robin Banks,"Have been a total fan of the series for many years and have been longingly awaiting the new instalment. The games looks amazing and sure there are some bugs, some bits and pieces that need adding. As this is only EARLY Access, I'm very happy. The progress that has been made (Considering this was a complete re-write). Im really looking forward to being able to play this game with friends and my son whom also really enjoys the Gulid series.Great work to the Dev's, Dont get frustrated with any negative comments, above all this is a working progress, and a fantastic game it be!"
,Recommended,311260,35230714,Posted: 26 September,all,[NORD] Eodrian,"I will support the Dev's and this great series.I am conviced they will patch this very early, not quite enjoyable but teasing build into a real Guild Game. I can't wait for it but I will wait, and it will be worth it because there is no comparable game, no one does what they do.No other game is a medieval simulation where actually LIVE and WORK.You can decide what and who you want to be."
76561198023483863,Recommended,311260,35231372,Posted: 26 September,all,ReeLeR,It has potentialthe graphics are nice and since it's an early access game I don't expect it to be fully functional.  There are bugs and kind of hard to play it long time  but I'm hoping that with some patches they will fix it
76561197980562099,Recommended,311260,35227031,Posted: 26 September,all,Tim,Some polishing and optimization left to go. Hopefully mod support is added for custom maps!
,Recommended,311260,35276218,Posted: 28 September,all,Sanctum,"This was just released as early access. Keep that in mind. There are a lot of bugs and incomplete mechanics. It is currently, not fully playable.Though, this is the point of the release! In buying into this game at this time, you are playing the game to enjoy it and test it out. This way they can make it a better game. There will be bumps along the way.If this is something you can understand and tolerate. Then buy into this release and help the game grow better!If this is something you CANNOT deal with. No judgement. Wait till beta or full release.Currently, the game is beautiful. After they optimize and polish it up, it will look even more beautiful. There are a few mechanics that make this a little more enjoyable then before. Unfortunately, there is not a whole lot more to say about it, being it has only been out a couple days."
76561197992842192,Not Recommended,311260,35226949,Posted: 26 September,all,christallire,"Okay,Long time guildie, and I've been waiting for this game for so long.So I gave it a go.And the thing is -- this game has basic features only able to running between my houses and market (or If there's way to run around town I blame the bad UX) and only able to can make few things, no npc interaction, no hired workers, no politics, no transport, no henchmen, nothing.this is worse than demo version.So I'll just jump to the conclusion.I advise you guys to DO NOT BUY THE GAME until you guys see the advancement of development. I'll do the same."
76561197961438786,Recommended,311260,35312375,Posted: 29 September,all,Clown,"First and FOREMOST - In the current state, only fans of The Guild 2 who are willing to help this game become a worthy successor should purchase.The game is not as far along as most want, but it has the big background systems in place needed to make the game we want. It still has the same Guild series charm but will take some time and a bit more elbow greese to finish.From what I can gather from this game, is it has the most important core systems in place. Yes, it does seem barebones and lacking, but it has the systems to be the promise Guild 3. It still has various parts of The Guild 2 integrated until they get their own custom parts put in (ie - the voices), and they have a lot of placeholders that literally say TEMP on them to indicate what will change. This is NOT going to be a cash and grab and does have any of the markings of that. It may take some time, but from what I can tell that the game has, it will become a worthy Guild game. Once they polish out the systems, add in missing features, and balance economics and maps, it'll be ready and fun to play!One more Note - They changed the system from The Guild 2 a bit as far as characters go, but it's a unique take on it that's not too far off and deals with some issues the game has. It's not a rehash, but an upgraded new take on it. It was replace The Guild 2, but it certainly continues the series."
76561198144000938,Not Recommended,311260,35227111,Posted: 26 September,all,Lucaception,"**UPDATE** NOPE NOPE NOPE, i changed to thumbs down, the more and more into the game, the more♥♥♥♥♥♥it become, do not, i repeat do NOT buy this game, its tossing away money and feeling screwed over in a not so good way. refund pls!Not sure where the beautiful graphics went that are shown on the store page, but its not within my purchase.Cant go back to main menu, have to exit the game completelyMultiplayer not availableBe prepared to crash/freeze alotNot sure why they already put it up for early access, but then again.. it JUST came out, so still a thumbs up as im expecting updates and it has been a long wait for this game!"
76561197967227800,Recommended,311260,35231982,Posted: 26 September,all,TomTheAint,"Early Access is very buggy, but have looks like they are pushing out updates already. Difficult to even get too much into a game before a crash or glitch of some kind, so BEWARE. I think this should be expected as an early access though. I just hope they keep up the hard work. They have put out a guide to their dev process  here.http://media.thqnordic.com/The_Guild_3/The%20Guild%203%20Early%20Access%20Roadmap.pngIf they can keep up with their goals, this game will be amazing."
76561198337521277,Recommended,311260,35315010,Posted: 29 September,all,Intax,"i played for 17hrs. and yes a lot of random crashes. and bugs. can't even get past year 1430. lol.Well, game is not fully developed yet, still need a lot of improvements.but i like game's concept and system.as a fan of the guild 2 , hope they focus on fix bugs instead of making super nice graphics or animation."
76561198326364565,Recommended,311260,35227445,Posted: 26 September,all,gioe1996,"Woah! Woah! One of the best games ever, everything is so natural you know... It feels like... like... how to say...♥♥♥♥♥♥?Yeah... It is what I was expected, I liked that game developers let community to purchase the game and try it out.  At this state of the development it is not even working, however I am sure it will improve as time goes on and hopefully one day it will become a successful game."
,Recommended,311260,35228275,Posted: 26 September,all,tylster,"For an EA Game, totally epic and awesome!I have to urge everyone that thinks about buying the game, its in Early Access. Read up on what that means before you pay any money, you will encounter bugs, texts that are strange and/or graphical bugs that are so incredibly annoying. If you understand all these things, go buy it and help the development of the game! ;)The Guild series is a slow going game, you wont get everyting in the world just by starting the game, you really have to work for it. Micromanage your shops and employees to get the best out of them.Have faith and time, this game will be one of the best ever. (or atleast for us oldtime gamers who actully enjoy a slowpaced game with loads of things to do and millions of way to achive it :) )"
,Recommended,311260,35227677,Posted: 26 September,all,eLemenOPi,"10/10 would support devs againAt this time the game is very much in early acces so do not expect the game to blow your mind right now, the older games are the better experriences.Problems that I found so far (except for some things just not being finished yet):-UI is a bit different, no problem, but it is a bit buggy, the skill screen for example doesn't let me scroll down.-When messages are in your screen you have to actively dismiss them by right clicking (they activate by hovering over them with the mouse)-While messages are in your screen you cannot move your camera (maybe only as long as your mouse hovers over the message)-I started with a rogue, my ambushes where a bit uninteresting. I tried it all but I was unsuccesfull in even triggering any event.-It is hard to navigate to employees and to property (maybe my fault, if so sorry for that)Good luck gamers and good luck developpers"
76561198071092011,Recommended,311260,35314197,Posted: 29 September,all,GreenHuman,"I know it's just an early access, but I would rather play The Guild 2 than this for now."
,Recommended,311260,35307657,Posted: 29 September,all,Bubba Kush™,"This game is full of potential and just rember THIS IS EARLY ACCESSYou have to rember that , but that doesnt mean its not worth playing.I bought this the moment it came out, I hounestly only played it for 2 hours, then another 2 hours yesterday as the devs had all ready realsed a patch fix (I did not have any crashes/game breaking issues on my first play) This proves the devs are looking to the community for their feedback & advise on what we the gamers want in the game.I'm a die hard Guild fan & really looking fowared to the devlopment of this game.The devs have done a great job at inputting all the diffrent game mechanics etc even though they are not active, just akind of ""this is what we are implementing"" feeling to the early access game.Its going to be a matter of playing for a a few hours now & then after each patch update but it will all be worth it soon , just you wait and see!Keep it up GolemLabs , you've done a brilliant job up to this point in bringing back to life a well deserved game series!"
76561198024970436,Recommended,311260,35434393,Posted: 2 October,all,Gruhn101,"I loved the Guild 2 and this one is shaping up to be similar.  Yes its is early access, why so many downvotes?  What are you expecting?  A completed game in early access???  Be realistic, EA is a great opprotunity to get the kind of quality testing that no reasonable size of paid testers can do.  Sure, some games have done this poorly and realised too early, but lets hope this doesn't do that: stay in EA till the game works well!!The devs are working hard and actually releasing frequent and helpful patches all the while listening to the comments and inputs of those who take the time to list them.  So far so good, this is not yet abadonwear, dont' buy if you dont want to deal with EA issues.  I bought because I love the series and want to support the continuation of it.  So far so good!"
76561197994159794,Not Recommended,311260,35506436,Posted: 5 October,all,Dender Cage,"game is not currently fun or anywhere close to release. the buy/craft/sell involves a lot of manual clicking and waiting, so its little better than a progress quest game. the visual interface for me took 4 reinitializations to be able to click on the button my mouse was hovering over due to an offset between visual mouse pointer and actual mouse pointer. when the camera gets off the character, the focus on character is not intuitive given the number of portraits available on the screen. the voices are all male, even if you pick a female avatar. even visually, the graphics are poorly done and in the one ""cut scene"" it focused on a bare patch of ground instead of the chracter.in short, maybe give it a miss until full release."
,Not Recommended,311260,35227897,Posted: 26 September,all,Trollnado,"So, frankly, the game isn't playable yet. And that's alright, sort of. It's EA, but anyone that's participated in EA knows that there are obviously different levels of development and this one appears to be very early in the stages - the core game doesn't appear to be functional yet. If your UI isn't working, why would you drop it on the public and subject yourself to the inevitable ratings beatdown that could potentially ruin your future income from this game?In my opinion, EA should be released when all obvious issues have been discovered and dealt with and the developers are looking for some input into game mechanics or to flush out unknown, more hidden issues.Where do we even begin with helping to report bugs? Your bug tracker is going to fill up with 5,000 random issues and you're going to need three full time staff just to go through it all, when these are issues you have to know about yourself - they're not hard to find, they're EVERYWHERE right now.Too soon.  I hope this doesn't sour the devs, or the community, because I've been looking forward to this game.Good luck, I'll be back in a month and see how you've done."
76561198002943099,Not Recommended,311260,35227803,Posted: 26 September,all,يoҜi,"Too early for early access ! This should be tested in closed beta. I am reviewing the early access as it is now.Short: It is unplayable at the moment. Get a refund before you hit 2 hours playtime.Long version:Bugs:-UI is broken in many ways (overlapping symbols, too small symbols...)-Menubuttons not working-missing scrollbars in menues, too many scrollbars on textboxes-mousespeed too fast and not adjustable-skill tree broken and not working so you can't build any buildings-NPC get stuck-scrolling not working properly(check bugtracker for more)Engine:-guild 2 engine (every character moves exactly the same way and it looks exactly the same as in guild2)I can't understand why do you release this as early access. You dont need the community to find and fix these bugs. EVERYONE who starts the game once will notice them in under 1 hour playtime. I hope they don't waste all the potential. You better wait at least 1 month for the next patch."
76561198014418208,Not Recommended,311260,35227637,Posted: 26 September,all,sheepymot,"I wouldn't reccomend this game based on its current state.I know this is EA but I was pretty unimpressed. Why not start with fewer features but do them well? Or disable the UI for things you know don't work.Such a promising concept, and I loved the Guild 2 even with all of it's problems, but it seems the developers have bitten off a bit more than they can chew this time.Hopefully it gets better but for now I'd save your money. That said, if you think a few more Euros here and there would help move things along a bit then maybe you can see it as an investment!"
,Not Recommended,311260,35227620,Posted: 26 September,all,ColonelBlack#2769 - Destiny 2,"Currently this build is terrible.It's EA, so I can't slate everything.I don't think the game should have been released into EA in the current state.Crashes are a common thing.UI is confusing and broken in most places.Performance is poor (Expected however)UI windows seem to stick in your face and don't disappear.I'm requesting a refund, but I will probably buy this game later down the line.Normally i wouldn't put a review for an EA game, but as much as I've been anticipating this game, I don't think it is of quality to be in EA. I'm a bit lost as to why they decided to push it into EA to be honest in the current state. Steam reviews will damage the game due to them releasing it in this state.Maybe if they held on a few more weeks and fixed the UI issues and maybe implemented a regular auto-save mechanic, it wouldn't be so bad."
76561198001829662,Recommended,311260,35227833,Posted: 26 September,all,Brack,Looking good so far. The content that is there certainly looks like it has the potential to be a very fun game.That being said there is still a ways to go.
,Recommended,311260,35227579,Posted: 26 September,all,Kashaadri,PLEASE someone help this game!   ;_;
,Recommended,311260,35227593,Posted: 26 September,all,EndeavorXI,"Quite a ways to go before it's finished, however I can see a lot of potential. If it's at least as good as Guild 2 it'll be fantastic."
76561198040238655,Recommended,311260,35227575,Posted: 26 September,all,babragorn,"It is eraly access, so expect to have buggs, issues and missing content. Also send error reports to developpers in order to help them to improve the game :)"
,Recommended,311260,35227665,Posted: 26 September,all,PANDA X,"Only buy this is your wanting to support the products development and that could take a good while!Gave it a bit of stick and a dislike as I played it because I was excited to get it and I thought it would be the game but a skeleton like version but I soon found out how early this early access is more like a Pre-Alpha as there are a lot of issues, I serious amount to get through as it’s not even a working game at the moment in time.Gave it a few more goes and ones where I didn’t crash (don’t try edit trade route!) I can see that it has the potential naturally and read a few other reviews on it and I agree there was a lot of pressure to release something after the years of purgatorySo yeah, it’s a nice little look at what with very little doubt will be a very good game! I just hope they get it done now with the revenue from the EA and there followers have tasted blood now and will be in a frenzy for more and more and more! 😉"
,Not Recommended,311260,35226399,Posted: 26 September,all,Genebris,crashes at start
76561198140388295,Recommended,311260,35424269,Posted: 2 October,all,Redbug,"Unfortunately not playable at the moment. Will be waiting for an update from the devs.Buttons are not working as it should (I have to hover my mouse below and to the right of the botton) Tried changing the game resolution, but that made the game crash.Menu loading times are very long.I'm really excited that this game is finally being released and will be waiting anxiously for updates to follow.Right now, not playable, but I'm happy to support the devs until such time.I'm giving it a positive until the first major patch, because I am very hopeful that the devs will remain true to their word."
,Not Recommended,311260,35521459,Posted: 6 October,all,fundermonkey,"In it's current state I would not recommend buying. Being a huge fan of The Guild 2, in its current state I would rather recommend buying  Guild 2. UI is unplayable, buttons overlaying windows,  a lot of icons missing (not the normal 1-5 missing), gameplay is buggy. As a software developer I feel this is unacceptable, did you not have any testers.....I reguraly support early release, but I think this game is far from that. Will be keeping an eye on it for improvement and hoping for the best. Sounds like the devs are active, but I have refunded my game just in case. Will update review should that change.."
,Not Recommended,311260,35226917,Posted: 26 September,all,MasterEggplant,"Do not buy this game in its current state!It is highly unfinished, filled with major bugs and terrible crashes.The game is not ready at all as an early access product, let alone a beta.I am a huge fan of the series, and I truly hoped that after so many years of development by a different developer than the Guild 2 they would have released a stable product and not a buggy mess.To be honest with how terrible the game is right now, and with how none of this was communicated to the community (screenshots of much higher quality, broken features, broken menus, features advertised on the steam page are not even in the game yet and so much more dishonesty) and instead we were fed internal vertical slices in gameplay footage that was released,  I am not sure this product will be viable to purchase in the time frame they have set.I advise anyone to just sit tight and wait how the developers shape the game."
,Not Recommended,311260,35235904,Posted: 26 September,all,dLo,"I have modified this review upon additional playtime. I still do not recommend it and wish I had not given the game a second chance as I am now past my refundable playing time.UPDATED NEW PATCH RELEASE 9/29/2017 (SEE BOTTOM)Here is the first things you will notice upon entering the game:1) There is no tutorial. If you don't already know how to play the guild - then don't even bother.2) There are no tool tips that explain anything in the game creation screen - maybe fire up the Guild 2 to determine what they mean?3) As you go to select your profession focus, you cannot see what starting perks you receive for the two rogue classes as the pop up window that has vague looking pictures that would potentially indicate to you your starting jobs is off screen. (GET USED TO HALF OF THE GAME TEXT BEING OFF THE BOTTOM OF YOUR SCREEN)4) As the game loads, the loading bar stays stagnant. Is the game loading or am I slowly dropping a deuce in my pants? No one knows... least of all my computer.5) When you enter the game, you are hit with a floating text box that is too small for the text inside of it while the camera does a wicked 9 FPS quick tour of your starting region.6) If you want to refresh yourself on how to do some things, you will find that the Guild O'pedia is basically empty - but it has the history of the guild game series as well as a notice stating that this game is awesome - which it most definitely is not (in this version at least).7) You will probably now run between the market and your shack to make some items to sell - this is actual game play. Half the time clicking on items to move between your personal inventory and the house inventory won't accomplish a damn thing. I now use my patented infinity technique where I move the mouse in the shape of the infinity symbol which seems to alleviate the click but nothing happened infuriating bug.8) Somewhere after your 5th or 6th run, the game is going to crash for no reason... I hope you have been manually saving - because there is no auto save.9) You start the game over, and try and level up your character geopolitical level so you can open a business and hire some workers to start making money for you - this is actual game play. Half the time clicking on the green outline of your new business venture will not actually place it and start construction. Once you finally get the building built - you'll notice there must be some internal garden somewhere as there are trees growing out of it! #FEATURE?10) You alt-tab to check the forums real quick to see the rabid fanboys insulting you - when you alt-tab back, all of the buildings that you don't own are now blacked out.11) You are playing at a resolution in 2017 so probably 720p or better... at 1024p you won't even recognize there is a menu on the right hand side. Maybe try firing this up on your commodore 64 if you want to see the menu.12) Did the in game music just cut out? It's probably due to the in game voice acting being done by MICROSOFT SAM! And he is super mad about buttering a biscuit or some crap.13) So now that you have your new business setup, lets start to automate... except the AI to do so is missing... You can only set someone to take goods to the market and back - advanced trade routes do not work, stock management does not work.And finally,14) Are you seriously still thinking about purchasing this EA? I hope you like playing at 20 FPS on a current gen gaming computer.Should you buy the EA? I have a better idea... why don't you just run on over to backpage and call up a transgendered hooker with aids because you would probably have more fun doing that than playing this. (I apologize if that offends a transgendered hooker who is browsing the guild 3 game reviews)Seriously though... it is obvious that the developers did not even turn their own game on prior to release. If they had, they would not have released this trash. News comes in saying that this is a portion of the NEW GUI that is being put in the game as people ate gamescom suggested the old GUI was garbage (functioning garbage). Obviously, no game testing was done with this GUI. No developer ever Alt-tabbed during his time playing. No developer ever had the sound just stop during his time playing. Honestly... I am ok with EA releases asking for bug testing - but that doesn't mean the studio doesn't have to do SOME bug testing before they release EA. This is just too much nonsense - meanwhile the fanboys will insult you every step of the way while you tell the truth on the forums about your really bad experience. They openly deny that a large chunk of the purchasers are STILL unable to load the game at all.I think that pretty much covers it for now. Try again in 2018.UPDATE PATCH RELEASE 9/29/2017So the game received a patch!  Now, don't get too excited.  While the rabid fangirls on the forums are claiming this patch fixes the world, it doesn't... they are lying.  Texts are still off screen.  The UI still has the 'phantom clicking' issues.  The game is still missing major core components.  The patch did alleviate my terribly low FPS issues.  Don't mistake what I am saying though.  My FPS is still terribly low... but it no longer drops to 6 FPS at certain times as it did previously.  It only drops down to 20 FPS in those certain times.  So that is a positive impact - not necessarily an amazing one... but still positive.I also still do not recommend you purchase this game."
76561198089971575,Not Recommended,311260,35255009,Posted: 27 September,all,Miukuli,20fps is not playable pls fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥Gonna keep my review negative till they fix this.
76561198030384427,Not Recommended,311260,35432113,Posted: 2 October,all,Totally Not Alpharius,"Since I can't recommend anything in EA, TG3 has a long way to go, it's buggy and laggy even after some messing with the ini but despite this I do see a glimmer of what TG3 could be. I hope we'll get the game we're looking for in there.I recommend this to fans of the game that want to test and help improve the game but if you're not familiar with this series and aren't looking to help then stay away until it's out of EA at least."
76561198155569819,Not Recommended,311260,35227273,Posted: 26 September,all,42maelstrom,"It's a good deal - pay 30 bugs, get an infinite amount of bugs.At the moment it's not much of a game. Interfaces are so broken it's infuriating.Whoever stated it's 90 % finished was either hopelessly optimistic or intentionally misleading. I don't understand how you can start selling this already, barely any features work or are implemented.BUT: it's overwhelmingly beautiful, I'm looking forward to when it's finished."
,Recommended,311260,35248545,Posted: 27 September,all,Razer | krug_ST,"Finnaly its here, buy it if you want to support developers."
76561197960970722,Not Recommended,311260,35237639,Posted: 27 September,all,Aeone,"My only question is, what the ♥♥♥♥ have they been doing for the last 2 years ? And how come the version they played on gamescon looked so much better? A normal programmer can get this far within a month, I ahve no ♥♥♥♥ing idea what they were doing for the last 2 years developing it, looks like in early stages."
76561198064800171,Not Recommended,311260,35230048,Posted: 26 September,all,chris_cz,"This is not game, its just some empty not working mock.Refund."
76561197974026700,Recommended,311260,35333174,Posted: 30 September,all,Yusho,"unplayable at the moment but the franchise is great, give it some time (at least a year)"
,Not Recommended,311260,35252986,Posted: 27 September,all,GamerGooby,"I cannot recommend this game as it is today. I was really looking forward to playing an updated version of The Guild 2, but this is so ""early"" in early access that it nearly unplayable. Menus take forever to respond and sometimes do not even respond at all. I can deal with some optimization issues, but it occurs the entire time I'm playing.It has potential. But definitely wait to get this game. Don't waste money even if it's on sale."
76561198052271780,Not Recommended,311260,35235234,Posted: 26 September,all,Black Rabbit,"I’ve never left a bad review before and I have played plenty of EA games. The Guild 3 was taken in a bad direction, at least for my tastes. The reduction in automated tasks compared to its predecessors was a bad design choice. The maps and AI pathing was also not the best design choice. The AI itself is difficult to assess because even in this late stage EA it is not operable, the economy is not currently working, and the interactions between NPC’s is shallow. There is no indication that the AI will live up to the promised standards. This is not a beautiful world that looks alive.There is also a sense of pointlessness and redundancy for leveling up skills. On each character, the starting routine is to spam an action that is potentially linked to your skill tree until you level up. This is not fun. This is also not an issue created by the release of the EA, these are design choices that were made and ulitmately feel wrong."
76561198010395593,Recommended,311260,35261373,Posted: 28 September,all,Emperor Stanwyck,I would like to review this game to the best of my ability. First let me say i've played Guild 2 through my entire child hood off steam. I played it a lot and with family not just close companions. It was a very big part of growing up for me and I enjoyed playing as a Rogue and honestly focusing more on combat and raiding the other players than anything. I liked the idea of building a great Noble House that would stand the test of time. This has always been the kind of game where people who you love and care about most could have fun with you and kinda play forever honestly. I waited years for the Guild 3 to finally arrive. And now that it has I instantly bought it and decided to see how far they are right now in terms of early access. Honestly this Early Access version doesn't have as much as you might think. They spread out and worked on many features but left them hanging. I think it was kind of a rush for them since all this time has gone by and they wanted to build another good game but make it more flashly and modern. First let me say I focused on things in great detail. I noticed that things such as character movement have been improved dramaticly. No longer is it a giant wait  to move around. Its not sluggish and honestly feels soooo much better. The NPC's don't really clip into buildings like in Guild 2 they seem to avoid them in some ways. Sadly combat and a few other things are not yet put into the game. (Damn) But then again its Early Access! I noticed interesting features such as buying animals for your own use. Horses etc. They added a lot of items weapons/armor and different clothing types. Probably a lot more will come and that'll be great. The Animations are pretty hard core. They made some Animations that honestly are rather life like. And rather hard to produce. All in all The Guild 3 is going to be a pretty good game. But the only reason you'd buy it right now is so you don't pay a higher price for when its actually finished. Ignore most of the negative reviews on The Guild 3 because right now its mostly a bunch of noobies to the series and a few people who are just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because they were in a big hurry to play a finished version of the game. Don't bash the devs hard about this. This kind of game is real hard to do just give them time and support and remember to suggest what you want in the game so they can work on it. They are here to serve you. Not the other way around. That's really all I can say as of yet but its going to be a great game without a doubt just give it a chance.
76561197998456547,Not Recommended,311260,35482401,Posted: 4 October,all,lockdown1253,I'd love to give this game a positive review. BUT......It's hard to review a game when the coding is such♥♥♥♥♥♥ that the game wont even load. How on earth the devs thought its current build was good enough for early release is beyond me. Don't waste your money on this flaming pile of trash.
,Recommended,311260,35476508,Posted: 4 October,all,ZombieslayR,"TLDR: Ignore the miserable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s reviewing this negative, its great, although bare bones and shows a lot of promise.=====I honestly dont understand why all the negativity?If an indie company had released this game in the state it was released in, into Early Access then continued to update/patch it basically every single day since its release to Early Access people would be singing the developers praises off the friggin' rooftops!And the game would be like 76% positive and basically every review would say something along the lines of:""Although when released the game was incredibly basic and a lot more bare bones that I expected; the developers have been really active and have updated this game basically every day since initial Early Access Release. Because of this I strive to literally drink the snot of the developers to show my appreciation! TLDR: 10/10 very basic game but very active developers""The main reason this isnt getting a higher score is because people, for some reason, forgot what Early Access means and thought THQNordic were releasing a completed game as Early Access and would, I dont know, add some more skins for your character or something a little later.I mean SERIOUSLY people, get a grip! Yes its a very bare bones release but it shows a lot of promise, and with how active the developers are being this will no doubt shape up to be wonderful!At the time of writing I've played 10 hours and although it frequently crashes, which I personally can just get over, I love it!I was really worried that it was going to be overly simplified or made a lot easier for the newer gamers and to appeal to a wider audience but as soon as I can tell THQNordic are sticking to the style and challenge of the older The Guild games, keeping it difficult but oddly rewarding.My biggest gripe with The Guild 3, weirdly, is the ability to put points into any of the classes, in the current build anyway. As that kind of takes away some of the challenge and if you want to set yourself a challenge of only playing as one generation then marriage is pointless because thats all its for at the moment, children.I dont know if I like the Social level system yet, I really liked the whole having to save up ludicrous sums of money to buy what is essentially nothing more than a slip of paper from a shady guy at the town hall but I do think that the levelling system has more realism, which is good if thats what they're going for - The more you do for the Kingdom the more you are rewarded.At this point they also seem to have removed some of the production buildings such as the lumberjack and the mine, which is a shame because it means if you chose a class reliant on those resources you HAVE to spend money to advace, but hey ho!"
,Not Recommended,311260,35232469,Posted: 26 September,all,RocketLLama,"I am a massive, massive, fan of the Guild series, and I would absolutely love to give the developers money to finish this game, but this is a bit ridiculous. This game is entirely unplayable, and hardly could even be considered a tech demo. Putting this in early access was a horrible, horrible idea and the devs would have been better off just asking for donations. I would have felt much better just giving them the 30 dollars for no product. Downloading this game was worse than paying for nothing in its current state, because it has shown me just how terrible this game actually is currently compared to all the videos I have been hyped up about for the past few years.If you purchase this game right now, you need to absolutely understand that you are donating to the developers and nothing more. You can not play this game, and I honestly would not even waste time downloading it."
76561198006023430,Not Recommended,311260,35232744,Posted: 26 September,all,Laza,"This indeed has potential but I do not recommend to buy it now. It's barely playable. Wait a while. Offical release is supposed to be somewhere around Q2 2018 but from what I've seen strongly doubt that - more like 2019-20.The UI is horrible, like really horrible, the voices are computer generated (whose idea was that??). Haven't played it enough to encounter any crashes, discovered a load of bugs though, graphics are from 2009 at best (buildings look OKish). Female characters have male voices. Loads of obvious bugs discovered in 30 minutes. I dont understand why they would release it into EA that early. Well at least they didnt really try to hide the flaws so I give them a point for honesty but seriously: Wait a couple of month and come back, read a little in the forums watch some letsülays and make a decision then."
76561198007241493,Not Recommended,311260,35274006,Posted: 28 September,all,White Russian,"wow... right now its nowhere near finished (I hope!). I got the game the second I got the popup about its early access... and oh my... ok, I started as a baker, got all the materials and managed to buy ALL of the resources IN TOWN to make my product... i made a profit of like 300 in the end... what do I do now?... hmmm... the products dont get restored I waited for days, theres only one market sooo... the interface is horrible, some stuff doesnt work when you click it once, it says ""template"" above every icon, a few times I started it when promted to choose a career it either gave me a huge list of jobs or sometimes just four (like what the hell, error in script...)... I really hope this is some kind of joke because the game is completely unplayable in its current state... been following it for years and if this is 3 years of work I am unimpressed... and the 30$ price... hmmm... I wish I could say something positive... the new hats are nice?... I guess... I pray that they fix the game, because seriously, right now its a piece of ####..."
76561198123294298,Recommended,311260,35356844,Posted: 30 September,all,[tlPlc] Sordolax der 3.,as stated by other commenters i think the game still needs to improve a bitexample:1 you can't go to the main menu from a running game witch i would expect to be a essencial2 the skill tree dosent have a scrollbar and thus cutting off acces to sertain skills (discoverted in the first 5 min of playing)3 the carakter designer is (in my oppinion) way to limited and at this point in time kinda uselessjust to name a few.for now the game shows all signes of an earley accses game and it remain to be seen if the devs are doing something about it ore notfor now i recomend to :a) buy it and wait till improvements are made in case of veteren playes to support the devsb) new players schould buy previos guild games since they are still all times classics and give you a good grasp of the guild overall
76561198004786588,Recommended,311260,35336425,Posted: 30 September,all,SiN,"The game is in early access this means it’s not finished.  There are a lot of place holders in the current build that show what the developers have planned (TMP tags for product icons, command buttons that do nothing, basic picture for interior houses etc.).  As of right now the game is playable but could be frustrating if you’re the type of person that likes everything explained for you instead of figuring out mechanics and processes on your own.  Because of early access you will find many functions unavailable like hiring henchmen, advanced transport management, killing off NPC's to acquire their properties etc.As a whole it is very early in its development but you can see that the developers are staying true to their word, and making a Guild game.  What I mean by this is the character customization, the voices for NPC's, the general layout and robust crafting system etc.  They truly do plan to keep the spirit of the previous Guild games in this one with improved graphics and functionality, though admittedly in its current state I would say it’s on par with The Guild 1 for functionality.I believe the developers are on track, if you’re a long time guild game fan then you will enjoy this game and see what they will have in store for you when the final product is ready for play.  As for new players to the series you will likely not find it as enjoyable and should wait for it be developed and refined a bit more."
76561198012103418,Recommended,311260,35252249,Posted: 27 September,all,jdeis17,Boi!!!
76561198031673060,Recommended,311260,35226810,Posted: 26 September,all,Georgeo,"Unplayable. I am aware that it is an EA, but c'mon.  Was hoping for at least 75% of the game to be finished and playable, not less then 50%... I hope that when its finished I can really enjoy it.  Looking forward to it !"
76561197970392575,Not Recommended,311260,35231751,Posted: 26 September,all,Andersson,"The state of this game as of now is a bad joke.Before you even manage to start the game you will have to battle with numerous  bugs. Most of the settings doesnt work, aspect ratio doesnt work outside 16:9, ui is just completely broken, and performance is abyssmal.If you manage to run it in windowed mode, the mouseclicks registers way off where you click, and even with a top of the line PC, this game runs like utter crap. If it's in such a bad shape now, I really doubt they will be able to improve it much in the next few months, this game has been in development for quite a while already.Save your money, you *will* be dissappointed with the game in its current state, it's literally unplayable."
76561198074349690,Recommended,311260,35299801,Posted: 29 September,all,Arcanum,"Bought just to support a series of games I love. Kinda hardcore fan of this, thatswhy the positive review. :D"
76561198032835403,Recommended,311260,35478131,Posted: 4 October,all,Ck,"It's rather buggy, as expected for an EA.  The lack of tutorial hurts the game a lot in my opinion.  Other than that, I'd rate it as playable.The devs are rather active on their forums and in discord, and they have patched the game consistantly."
76561198028551675,Not Recommended,311260,35231223,Posted: 26 September,all,Jesse,"first off... i will say i will be changing my review when the game comes out... for good or for bad.but at its current state. this game is bad. really really bad.how would any one give this game a good review in its current state?Its just a bunch of fan boys saying, i love the games. that doesnt change the fact that its filled with bugs and is just generally bad right now.first off, the UI is god awfull. its just bad. this game looks like it should have been released 10 years ago. you need to rework the entire UI system. This game should not look like the guild 1 and the guild 2. this is 2017there is no key bind options, so looking up how to do things at the moment is impossible... for example, tracking your character. once you loose sight of your character, there is no key bind that i have found so far to track your character. this is just stupid. you should be able to see your characters from any part of the map and have it be easy and simple to find where they are and what they are doing.characters do not think for them selfs. everything is manuel from what i can tell. which is fine, expect like i said, you caint ever tell where your character is or where he is going because its so easy to loose track of him.The tutorial is not available, so you wont be able to learn the game, only from what the carreer mode tells you.Everything feels cheap. and incomplete. this is the worce early access game i have seen so far. this is like, alpha stage here... just so you know if you are thinking of buying it like me.I have it on max settings and it runs really bad. Its almost as if i am looking though an old glass tv screen. The game could look really good, if they get it optimized and able to run decent.there are allot of little things that i see now and again, for example, the retun to main menu button doesnt work, so you have to quite the game to go back to the menu.just an overall bad game in its current state...you need to put in a tutorrial (with voice acting)you need to add a proper options menu.you need to work on an easy to read and easy to use ui.you need to work on the optimization.if you work on those 3 things, then the game would not be as terribal.sry for any misspells."
,Recommended,311260,35498488,Posted: 5 October,all,henrico555,This game is awsome.
76561198079000751,Recommended,311260,35313563,Posted: 29 September,all,zooke94,The game is not nearly as bad as some of these reviews make it seem... The game is more advanced than others I've played in the begining of early access.
76561198026460437,Not Recommended,311260,35229715,Posted: 26 September,all,BringtheGame,"I was so excited for this game I grabbed it the minute I saw it despite the Mixed reviews.  It has SO much potential.  Beautiful graphics, pleasant music.Unforunately, this is as far as the pros go at the moment.  The cons are extensive.- You -can- play a female but the NPC voice is male no matter what.  Awkward?- The game broke completely when I turned off full-screen like 5 minutes in (and had to restart).  Buttons were hovering inches away, menu options wouldn't work, then it just crashed.- No tutorial in text or interactive or... anything.  Not even descriptive tooltips.- Terrible, terrible 'navigation'.  Over-sensitive motion jumps OR no motion at all.  Can't figure out why.- Terrible, terrible voice overs.  Picking that always-male voice was text-to-speech from the 90's bad.- Price point.  For an early access in this condition, that price is outrageous.Overall conclusion: Wait to see if there's progress before you buy.  If they fixed even the game-breaking crash, I would reconsider recommending this for people interested in supporting development but at this point you couldn't give detailed feedback if you tried."
,Not Recommended,311260,35231218,Posted: 26 September,all,Dorse,"This ""game"" if you can even call it that is completly unplayable. The optimization is awful there are frequent game breaking crashes saving works poorly if at all loading as well. This is not even worthy of early access there is litterally nothing you can do temp icons are litterally every where. Im not typically very hard on early access games because I realize that they are a work in progress but typically they at least have some playable working features this ""game"" does not. I was lead to believe this game was in a somewhat working state by the devlopers themselfs writing ""As we're nearing completion and balancing/polishing the game"". Given what can be seen in early access this is not true in anyway shape or form. Im not refunding sadly this type of game is made very rarely and I am a fan of the series putting many hours into guild 2 im hopeful they just jumped the gun with early access and that it will improve. My best advice is to wait to see how it continues to devlop before buying. I will say in credit to the devlopers they have been frequently working to fix these issues with frequent patches."
76561197960529601,Recommended,311260,35226978,Posted: 26 September,all,DeAdEviL,Very unfinished and still needs a lot of work. I cant really belive that this game should still be release this year. Anyway I love The guild Series!
,Recommended,311260,35231866,Posted: 26 September,all,crua9,"I want to mention if you can't stand true EA games, if you don't like reporting/dealing with bugs, if you hate all your saved data being useless due to an upate, and so on. Then I can't recommend this. I feel too many people will look down on this title because far too many devs put out a full game and call it an EA, and the most don't understand that isn't the norm.It should be noted, the game was released today, and almost no one can play more than 20 min. But the reason why I recommend  this game is due to what it's going to become. Also I'm a fan of sim like games (hint, if you don't like the sims then you won't like this)"
76561198171624387,Not Recommended,311260,35458435,Posted: 3 October,all,rogerakacookie,Did not get to play the game there was an issue with the load up of the game So I asked my refund
76561198334959033,Not Recommended,311260,35227846,Posted: 26 September,all,Lexxi Foxxx,The game is too raw to be played. It is dramatically slow and my pc is faster than the system requirements. As much as I wanted to play it I just couldn't and I had to leave it. Total time played: less than an hour due to very poor performance
,Not Recommended,311260,35227003,Posted: 26 September,all,Makeshift,"It's an early access title. The videos and screenshots make it look much better than it is however.As it stands, the UI is horrible (you have to click on very certain parts of the menu), some of the voices are not implemented in the game yet, so you get a text to speech sort of thing goin on, many things just don't work at all (such as the talents).The game is essentially unplayable and The Guild II shines in comparison.Also Multiplayer isn't in the game yet which is the whole reason I play the guild :(I probably won't refund the game, in hopes that they make it better, but as it stands right now, I wouldn't buy it unless you're really into supporting THQNordic."
,Not Recommended,311260,35227745,Posted: 26 September,all,✫ Aionion,"Extremely disappointed.We were led to believe that it was pretty well developed and had only some optimization and bugs to work out, as well as gettingg player feedback. Unfortunately, that is not true and Instead, is missing out core features and feels like a very, very, early alpha.1) it uses an extremely outdated gui, like something you'd expect from 1995 (not an exaggeration):http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=11479384182) Also, there is no tutorial in the game like a dev said there would be. There are a total of about 4-5 pop-up messages that tell you what some keys do and how to make a product (by dragging and dropping from one slot to another). That's it. End of tutorial. Good luck.Unless you are familiar with the previous versions, you will have no clue what to do in this game. Not only because nothing makes sense, but also because nothing seems to work.Tutorials can often come close to gold release, but the store language, as well as a dev post, implied otherwise...and that is why I'm critiquing it here.3) The game settings aren't enabled. Sliders and + - buttons don't work.4)  You can't exit the game session. Either you continue playing or you exit the game entirely. There's a button to exit back to the main menu but it doesn't work (one of many non-functioning buttons).5) The game's graphics are NOT updated to modern quality. They very closely resemble The Guild 2. The screenshots you see in the store page are NOT what is seen in game.BTW, I'm running at GTX 1070 and i7-7700.  It's not a hardware issue.ConclusionThe game just feels clunky, lazily developed (using old assets and gui).IMO, stay away from this game for now. Keep it on your radar and see if patches add anything substantive to it.I'm a big supporter and purchaser of ea games. I hate to say it, but this feels like one of the least developed and thought out ea games I've played (for reference, I have purchased and/or played about 40-50 ea games over the years)."
76561198028721328,Recommended,311260,35226576,Posted: 26 September,all,Icetek,"Game is definatly going to take off, and as expected in early access it has its share of bugs as any other game would. Simple bugs that will be ironed out as i have seen this many times in early access. But without a doubt i have high faith in the devs, and its a nice treat to ressurect a game with this wierd twist of genra.I would defantly recommend to buy the game BUT not play it yet while they keep the prices low. I will gladly wait another few months and enjoy it with pride."
76561198037654657,Not Recommended,311260,35231189,Posted: 26 September,all,memoryj,"I really love the intent of The Guild series, but they have always been buggy and prone to corrupton.  The absolute horror of seeing one of these games in development has been enough to make me refund this one.  Reviews saying that this game is rough even for EA are pretty much correct.  Its an ambitious project and i hope it goes well for them, but i dont see why they went EA right now.  It seems like they have a long road until its really ready to be bug tested by the greater community."
,Not Recommended,311260,35228340,Posted: 26 September,all,Magicf7,"From my side I'm with current status quite disappointed. I assumed from developers comments that there is a lot to do with mechanics that the very general things are working.UI is not near to be smooth. This is also not acceptable for first alpha day. As UI can't be moved around there is really no reason for this.There are no tooltips (no usful). Pressing some buttons shows you some functionalityB build (guess)M MapSome text boxes are annoying and you can't click them away. Now I have a info box over the field where my storage is so I can't produce anything form now on...Camera moving does also sometimes not work.For the time they already work on this I really wonder what they did. Very basic UI, camera movement and tooltips are not proper/available.I repeat myself - very BASIC.Again I understand Alpha, but this is a bad joke. Also early this year they wanted to release it this year.I still hope this becomse a great game.I recomment to buy it only if you want to play it for sure. As early access is likely cheaper as the final game.But even for this you could wait until early next year and check status again.I will keep that game as I just want this game so strong and support the devs."
76561198002055366,Not Recommended,311260,35229776,Posted: 26 September,all,johnny19,"The lack of trailers for so long explains everything now! The release of the game has been postponed fifty times and you come up with this?! The game is terrible, the UI, the cheap looking button to enter the building and leave etc!! How can be this in development for so many years and be so bad?! It looks like a side project for school!I have waited so long for the game and could have never been more dissapointed! You focused on a card game and this ""thing"" looks so bad, words can't describe how dissapointing to get something like that. I am requesting a refund for this."
76561198009820633,Recommended,311260,35308739,Posted: 29 September,all,pal1235,"Good game, nice setting. It will be awesome once released."
76561198121188858,Recommended,311260,35431304,Posted: 2 October,all,Mojo Jojo,"The game is great! it needs some patches and TLC but man im excited to see where its going to be , im a huge fan of the guild series."
76561198057634734,Recommended,311260,35431598,Posted: 2 October,all,chinadoll20,"After playing a couple of hours, the game runs well no crashes, its a beautiful game on full FX, the game responds well to my clicks and commands, alot of people are having crashes and black screens, alot of it has to do with their comp specs, most of the black screens etc have a fix if you search the forum, the amount of time I played I enjoyed what I saw, its very early to say much more atm, but once more is added and tweaked I can see myself playing for hours, my only long term gripe is the missing interiors, stated on thier FB page it states some are missing and will stay that way, the only way to change this is if enough people ask for it, apart from that I have no problems with the state of the game, I will look forward to each patch and tweak."
76561198092559490,Recommended,311260,35226927,Posted: 26 September,all,Code Sylfher,"THE HYPE!! After waiting for so long, THUMBS UP for this, support the developers and stop complaning since this is still EA. IF you really love the game, help the devs and everyone will benefit. Negative review and whining are just for idiots who can't accept EA"
76561198008143061,Recommended,311260,35474245,Posted: 4 October,all,Darkhope,"Looking Good , with good potential. Yes its EarlyAccess but they are putting out alot of patches and are listening to feed back."
,Recommended,311260,35476495,Posted: 4 October,all,HollowfiedChaos,"I have played 5 hours of this. Not even enough time to even give a review. Its EA and theres still more work to be done by the devs. So its a matter of being patient. I loved the previous games in the series and picked this up. Even though the game isn't the finished product and possibly nowhere near being finished, I am loving it. I can't deny some bugs are an issue, but they will get removed with updates. I think this will most likely get an actual review when the game is fully released.So in terms of whether you should buy it now or not is up to you.If you do, don't expect a finished or polished game and complain about it afterwards. The devs are working on the bugs and other issues that the community have mentioned."
,Not Recommended,311260,35424585,Posted: 2 October,all,richortiz87,"I never played any of the past games. If you are not familiar with this game do not try the early access, it's very incomplete and should only be played by expereienced players. I was not able to do anything and was completely lost with no tutorials. I got my money back but will try it again when the game is complete"
76561198061695947,Not Recommended,311260,35406564,Posted: 1 October,all,ptahshepes,"At this stage i dont recommend this game, its so damn slow! i turned all the graphics down and still can barely move. the tutorial is so unhelpful and i have no clue as to what im doing, plus even if i did its not like i can do anything because i cant even move two inches without it taking 40 years!"
76561198043963793,Not Recommended,311260,35226382,Posted: 26 September,all,Dukuu_npanop,Not recommend at all. Lots of bugs on first phase of game even for early access.Started for rogue. Skills are broken. Cant even establish first production building.
,Not Recommended,311260,35226480,Posted: 26 September,all,RenownedShark,"Started the game up and found the ui really blotchy. Figured no problem that was a rush while the worked on the game. Character building screen is buggy. The second voice sounds like a robot, if you pick a fat character then you're stuck with that hair. Loaded in all the buildings are black, can't move my character, The navigation is fidgety. Lag is unbareable. Long story short it's not very playable right now, hope to see some serious improvement by release. Not worth the money unless you want to support them to making it better."
,Not Recommended,311260,35230342,Posted: 26 September,all,Sage Josh,Supposedly this game has been in development for 5 years. Supposedly they had to cut alot of content they wanted to put in from the guild 2 because it didnt work with their factions system. Neither really matter when you finally go to launch a game (I know its early access) and you are trying to make a good first impression to the vast majority of your customers. instead of something playable this was pretty much a proof of concept demo that they have some one play at E3. If this is all they have then expect to be waiting a while for this one to get out of EA (not later this year like they announed).
,Not Recommended,311260,35228356,Posted: 26 September,all,♣ T a c k y A f,"Feels like a dev build, the game is so not ready for public release. It's way too bad even for Early Access game. Keep your money and get back in 2018, maybe they'll get their things together at that point."
76561198009062048,Not Recommended,311260,35231487,Posted: 26 September,all,Lenni,"At the time of this review, I'll have to give this a thumbs down.It depends on the future development for me to change it. It simply has too many glaring issues that prevent you from enjoying the meat of the game. Such like market places being deprived of all kinds of important wares like leather or handcarts. Sending workers to gather herbs will not make them come back automatically, they always get stuck at the gathering place. The UI is an annoying mess of problems. The performance is not good. It gets horrible the more you zoom out.We will see how fast they can fix some of these things, because underneath is still a good game concept. And I'm super grateful that The Guild is back. This Early Access is a few months too early though."
,Recommended,311260,35242427,Posted: 27 September,all,Asmundr,"I bought it hoping it would be in an enjoyable state. However, it didn't take long to realise that it wasn't possible for now. The game is really buggy, etc... I believe the main purpose for buying it now is to support the developers, to provide them with feedback, and bug reports so that by launch it will live up to most people's expectations. I give this game a positive rating because I believe that by launch it will be satisfying to play."
,Recommended,311260,35233948,Posted: 26 September,all,Pssquadou,"For those who never played or don't like game in alpha/beta stage, WAIT, This is EARLY ACCESS don't be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when you find this game imcomplete and buggy because IT IS! BECAUSE EA! Buy it once it release in 2018 and do a review then.edit: They have so far released frequent patches and there is a nice roadmap to the development, i'm really impressed."
,Recommended,311260,35227257,Posted: 26 September,all,IdeeCrisis,"Pros:-Early Access - Yay we get to play now!-They update EVERY day!-Great look, new engine!-New skill tree-start from nothing. you have a house and a few hundred bucks-UI seems clean and out of sight-huge maps with tons of NPCs running aroundCons:-Early Access so expect to be bugged by loads of bugs-Early access so impatient people  will complain and give bad reviews-no multiplayer yet - ultra sad faceAmazing Franchise and this one is no exception. Great looking game, intuitive controls and loads of depth. There is no equal to the amount of freedom and creative ways you can play. Don't be scared to try new things and make your dynasty the masters of their realm. You can be what you want in this game, your imagination really is the only limit. Rule with an iron fist or lead a quiet life as a farmer. If you have never played this franchise I really do emplore you to give it a try. The price point is right and the game is gorgeous.Don't pretend to be tired! Buy it now!"
,Not Recommended,311260,35290385,Posted: 29 September,all,Lorin Cristian,For 30 $ is a scam. Way all Guild series have so much bugs i dont know. Is a shame to have a brilliant idea and to not work to ancomples. The game is not playable. I want the money back. Early access don't mind inplayebale game.
76561198027550567,Not Recommended,311260,35352291,Posted: 30 September,all,stevelau2010,Blank screen uopn loading. Anyone else having this problem? I hear music and the game stylized mouse pointer is active but the screen is black.
,Recommended,311260,35257877,Posted: 28 September,all,Einherjer,"the game still has a lot performance issues. low frame rate, long latency for commands and so on. also most features are not yet included, such as auto management for your buildings and so on. however, the gameplay by itself looks very appealing. all the issues mentioned above are the result of Early Access releases and I am sure, GolemLabs are aware and are working on solutions. I am sure, that these issues are going to be fixed by the actual release date next year. I am looking forward to a very addicting, time consuming and fun game!"
76561198013807994,Recommended,311260,35278278,Posted: 28 September,all,bcasiday,Great series of games for fans of dynasty/economy builders.  After owning all 3 I have the utmost faith that the Guild 3 will come out of early access soon and polished.Also if you have not seen the update news on Sept 28 2017.  This guide is amazing for new players.  It made it playable for me.Business Management 101By Atoms144http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1148869259
76561197994442872,Not Recommended,311260,35231822,Posted: 26 September,all,PuckY,"Not worth the money ATM... If u wanna play the guild.. Play the guild 2, until this game have taken shape.Cant do much in the Guild 3 atm.... sigh"
,Recommended,311260,35227494,Posted: 26 September,all,Demon,Haha you earn Yeoman instead of buying it now.
76561198386549554,Not Recommended,311260,35228289,Posted: 26 September,all,eaglesfly5209,black screen when i load up the game
76561197983602052,Recommended,311260,35251025,Posted: 27 September,all,ArbitrageX,Great new engine.  Excited to see it finished!
76561198030980450,Recommended,311260,35499915,Posted: 5 October,all,Tallestdavid,its getting there.
76561198038669182,Recommended,311260,35501876,Posted: 5 October,all,amesond5,"Yelling like Gordon Ramsey ""THE GAME IS FUCHING RAAAAW""OK, let's face it. The game is a mess right now. Looks like a pile of flaming garbage with sound effects made out of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ north korean robots. Yet I bought it and I'm planning to keep it. Please, I'm a huge fan of the series and have been playing the second game for over 9 years. Please don't give up on the third part. This series is a legend, you have no right to ♥♥♥♥ this up. I'm going to pationately wait until you fix everything, just please don't give up."
76561198021382607,Not Recommended,311260,35228674,Posted: 26 September,all,Storm,"Dont buy - not even basics are workingafter 4 hours ""get used to it"" - not playablewhere is all the stuff from the videos?"
,Not Recommended,311260,35245574,Posted: 27 September,all,LadyAth,"It is a trap :(Not worth the asking price considering the state it is in.  I have loved the horribly glitchy The Guild games, but this is just painful.  The roadmap makes it look like the current state should be very playable.  Even for EA, I am exceedingly disheartened."
,Not Recommended,311260,35228232,Posted: 26 September,all,[VFS] Mich165,"Terrible state ATMInterface SUCKS BIG TIMEAlot of bugs, ALOT!totally unplayble"
76561198007362344,Not Recommended,311260,35227682,Posted: 26 September,all,CodeNameAlpha,It¨s a mess!!!!
76561198027969953,Recommended,311260,35308844,Posted: 29 September,all,ettio888,Good potential
76561198038526820,Recommended,311260,35227177,Posted: 26 September,all,Mmstayler,"The develepors themselves say it will have bugs now in early acsess to  wait to review it on the bugs or renember to change it again, very rough state the game is in but you can see the work put into it, beautifull, and massive map(london at least) seems like there is a lot of things to do when you get started can't wait :)Buy now to support develepor or if you can play with poor fps and bugs or wait :)"
76561198031819645,Recommended,311260,35227024,Posted: 26 September,all,ToXiC_G1RAFFE,"As many others have said before me, This game will be good .....just not quite yet, I'm not sure what the devs have been spending alot of their time on, as it was most definitely not the UI or FPS, I love the guild series and will continue to hack at it and support the game because I know given time and feedback the game can be what we all want it to be which is a Playable beefed up version of the Guild 2!I look forward to seeing the game develop but I can't help just feeling a bit deflated given how much hype we have all been giving for them to release a 50% completed game. I'm aware it is early access but even this is No Man Sky Early. I just hope that people can keep an open mind like I have to give the game the proper chance to succeed and not recieve such crushing feedback they all move on the next project.But I do recommend this game to support the devs and for us all to use this time to have our voices heard in the development of our beloved franchise.Right now to go make iron fittings for a year until release :D"
76561198004390598,Not Recommended,311260,35325920,Posted: 30 September,all,b_barkhan,The idea of this game was good until they released. There is no helping tutorials. Understanding the game is hard. Camera mechanics are worse. I only play 30 minutes and getting bored. I hope they will fix game urgently. But until new updates dont buy the game yet but you will keep your wish list.
,Not Recommended,311260,35242346,Posted: 27 September,all,Snake i's,Just wait until they release it fully. Cause it's pretty aweful atm.
76561197989685216,Recommended,311260,35421568,Posted: 2 October,all,Blackcobalt,I've been a big fan of the Guild series starting with the first from Jowood. I have not played alot of guild 3 but what little time I have played and my experience in gaming tell me there is alot of work that needs to be done on Guild 3. My custom built system has the top hardware for game and is built for gaming with all drivers updated.The Guild series has always been a great game but I believe that Guild 3 will have what players of the genre want from a game like this. Dont let early access damper your gaming experience. Buy the game and help it be a better game by giving feed back to get a well polished game for gamers.1 - When creating a charcter and changing cloths or colour of hair the guild 3 exe crashes to desk top.2- The interface doesnt seem friendly and reminds me of pc games for windows 95.3- The game itself seems unstable as if it was just put together a month before release on steam4-  Texture and rending seems buggy some homes turn out to be black cubes until you either reboot the game or just home it corrects itself.5- The character voice sounds like its robotic or microsoft voice.Some things I would like to see1- A custom shield design when creating your guild 3 family.2- Better character design when creating a charcter.3- A chance to buy stocks or some sort of take over in stocks or bonds4- Greater detail given to the choice you can make in a career5- A more detailed world and more npc people in the world of Guild 3
,Not Recommended,311260,35235220,Posted: 26 September,all,ALLAHU AKBAR,Not  nowjust not now.....
76561198005769995,Not Recommended,311260,35239092,Posted: 27 September,all,hawkeg,Game installed fine.  Launched it and it opened in full screen mode but mouse was offset so had to hover down and right of buttons to click them.  Almost impossible to change settings but I did manage to set it to windowed mode.  Game now will not launch.  So this is a no acces game not an early access game.  Would not recommend buying it now.  Wait until they fix core bugs.  This should never have been released to the public.
,Recommended,311260,35238478,Posted: 27 September,all,Daddy <3,"Its early access, VERY EARLY ACCESS but hey, at least its here."
76561197979273300,Recommended,311260,35248018,Posted: 27 September,all,Snooper,Bought it just to support the devs!DONT MESS THIS GAME UP!!!
,Not Recommended,311260,35226827,Posted: 26 September,all,izohaz,"In the current state the game is definitely not worth it. There's almost nothing in it, only placeholders. Seems more like a demo that some student has worked on in half a semester instead of a game by a company. Hopefully this will improve, but you should not buy this game now. I know it's early access, but it's bad early access."
,Not Recommended,311260,35235885,Posted: 26 September,all,Attraguss,"When I heard this game was released as an Early Access I was ecstatic, I could finally play the game..  But at the cost of $29.99.  After getting it I imagined that even if the content wasn't much, I'd be able to get the game to run relatively smoothly and have an interface that functions properly.  But alas, no.Within not even an hour of playing the game, I suffered from six total crashes.. two of which occured on the main menu just after starting.  After reading a bit I managed to find out some of this could be resolved by lowering the shadows and animated water, but lo and behold the region of the interface to detect you clicking on the bar for shadow quality is small and above where it should be.After finally getting out of the main menu and trying to play the game, I quite liked the graphical state of the game and thought maybe I'd enjoy the game now that it was all said and done...  until I looked at the interface.  With no tutorials to speak of, save for an explanation on a few hotkeys, there was no way to know what any of these things were.  Some were self explanatory, such as the Dynasty menu, but some of them didn't even have much to show what they were when you opened them.Once I figured out some of the messy interface, I tried playing the game..  I got as far as trying to get a workplace for my character until it crashed once more.  Loading back up I come to find that there isn't any form of auto-save mechanic that I could find.  Remaking the character from scratch I begin to think.. ok, that was my own fault.  I knew it was crashing and should have saved at intervals.  I continue on to get the workplace and lo and behold once more, interface problems.  From my own experience, it is near impossible to assign jobs to workers in the Smuggler's Den.Ultimately, I for the meantime would recommend avoiding the game in its current state.  If you have the money to spare, and you want to pick it up before the price goes up come the full release, go right ahead.  But for those that want this and to PLAY the game currently, I recommend avoiding it.Pro's:Roughly $20 cheaper than what will likely be it's full-release price.Graphics are nice.Mechanics and systems seem to be improved from the last game.Larger world(?) than The Guild 2.Con's:It's Early Access, which as many people will likely tell you there are risks to buying these types of games..  Such as it being unplayable, being unfinished, or outright never getting finished.Buggy interface.Interface design looks like something I would have created in LiveCode.Many of the upgrades and skills in the game either outright don't say what they do, or give what look like lines from the code in place of the variable it increases by.  While some of them just flat out say 0%.Pathfinding appears to be in a bad state.  I'd click within the market and my character would attempt to walk out through the gates of the city.The NPC's in the game don't seem to react much to anything, save for their daily routines or you directly attacking or talking with them.Frequent crashes, with fixes that will either work or not work.No auto-save mechanic at all.No tutorial."
76561198173677015,Not Recommended,311260,35424864,Posted: 2 October,all,matyvore,"I really like whole concept of guild, but the guild 3 is far away for playeble... i know its pre-release but still, i thought that the game will work with some minot bugs, but sadly i stoped playing the game after one hour... here some reasons - its hard to move on map cuz if you want go up or left its not smooth and you need to try it multiple times and than it will move like for one inche... - when you have employes, after some time you cant change their job, you need to fire them and than hire new one, the sources of basic items are so far from you (but i think its only cuz of map)...-sometime you cant target your character...- minimap is completly useless...-there ist any switch button betweens markets...- than there are optimalization problems, lagging and crashes (this is what i am expecting from pre-realease game)...- there are some buttons that you dont know what they do, there arnt any hints or tips...- i was expecting better graphics... So from me is dont buy this game yet but i think they will improve the game to playeble state or i hope at least and i think that this will be one of my favorite games!!!!the most think that i am angry is that there is no interiers!!!!!"
,Recommended,311260,35263660,Posted: 28 September,all,Bagfries,"Tentatively recommended.TL;DR version:If you like the idea of the game, plan on buying it when it has a popular update. If you enjoy contributing to the EA process, they have a pretty decent thing here, even if it could have used a little bit longer in the pre-EA oven. I can't judge much of the actual gameplay at this point because I just don't have remaining patience to constantly push past interface problems.If you're not sure about the gameplay, previous iterations are on sale for a few dollars.More:Given previous titles, I believe they can pull this off and make a good game. To do so, it is probably going to be a long 4-6 months. Developer expects a 4-6 month window to complete this project starting from late September 2017. The game appears nearly complete, with an ocean of polish remaining. The UI is not intuitive and pretty messy. Once you've figured it out, it's lacking and often broken, requiring experimentation to get some things to work. It is hard to click some buttons and objects. Sometimes production windows don't update images, or are unusable until you reload the window. The game also suffers from crashes to the desktop. In six hours, I experienced four of these, exclusively while in a production window."
76561198082764766,Not Recommended,311260,35229348,Posted: 26 September,all,WLKitty,"This is not an early access, this an early alpha test ! If you're up for paying 30 euros for an unplayable game, go for it ! Or else leave it..."
76561198212425935,Recommended,311260,35318761,Posted: 29 September,all,Machiavelli,Followed this game since the guild 2. yeah it has a few bugs here and there but have faith. at its current state its a little bit unplayable. but thats what happens when you buy a early access game. As of now its not about the game its about the support
,Not Recommended,311260,35229168,Posted: 26 September,all,Cobretti,This game is mistake.They shifted twice release date and after 2 years they`ve just opened early accessGame looks like they created it 2 - 3 months ago......  thats robbery....
,Not Recommended,311260,35232798,Posted: 26 September,all,Sir douchebag,For a game even in early access it is horribly optimised and crashes constantly. This game is supposed to release early next year and i am afraid is still missing ALOT of elements. The devs are clearly missing funding to have put it out like this. I cannot recommend it in this state and fear for the future of the guild series.
76561198111502965,Not Recommended,311260,35233367,Posted: 26 September,all,ChilcotinBlaise,I don't believe this game is worth it in the current state it is. I am having issues with the ui where the whole main screen of the game just goes into god knows where in some resolutions and switching to others don't help very much at all either. I'd say wait for a few months or even better until the full game release.
76561198025509977,Not Recommended,311260,35229383,Posted: 26 September,all,blash,"Not fit for early access yet. This is a very early state of development. And definetely not worth paying 30€ for.Sorry devs, i really wanted this to work, but this is simply unplayable.* base resources run out after the first day* lack of guidance (might be acceptable for EA)** 6-7 gamemodes (free, rule the city, ...) with fancy names but undocumented objectives** starting hints disappear too quickly, last hint stays on the screen forever** completely empty help function (guild-pedia)** unclear how to employ workers (you start with just your house to work in, but need a workshop which comes available later in the game)** unclear how to be able to build said workshop (grind your way to ""level 3"")* lack of depths** only ~4 professions (baker, blacksmith, herbalist, thief)** minor number of choice in skilltree (3 trees per profession, with a linear progression of 3 items, additionally 1 shared tree with a couple of branches (easier marriage, more productivity, etc.), very uninspired)** largly reduced amount of enhancements for buildings** removed modernization of buildings (at least it seems that way)* severe interface issues** clicks are occasionally ignored** some items need to be clicked, some dragged (consistency or overloading would be nice)** notifications clutter the screen and are not easily dismissed (they appear when mousing over a certain line (by mistake) and only disappear when you click that line again)** mouse border scroll does not work reliably (most likely due to second screen setup)** double avatar-hotkey does not center on the character (loss of orientation)** inconsitency with camera lock on avatar*** the (normal) view can still be with arrow keys during camera lock leaving you somewhere else on the map when you exit camera lock** half of the interface is full of placeholders (didnt somebody say this was not a beta?)** choices in skilltree can be changed, even when buildings unlocked with the skills have already been purchased** graphical and sound options can not be changed in the menu (buttons not responsive)** banner selection is not circular unlike all other selections (a selection menu would make alot more sense to begin with)* no multiplayer yet (will be released in late november according to the developers roadmap)* flavor** only ~6 different faces (per gender) for customization (there are like 20 banners though)** only 3 voices (which you cannot preview yet), which always say the same 2-3 lines all over again** only 6-8 outfitsIf you want to do the series any favor, rework the user interface completely. It was one of the main sources of annoyance in G2 and it does no longer belong in a game from 2017.As an upside, i want to mention that i really liked the map of the city Augsburg i was playing. Big city, small towns, very realistic, much room to deploy your buildings and form the aspiring city."
76561197983410026,Not Recommended,311260,35229423,Posted: 26 September,all,BaGeR,"At this moment i don't recommend the game and it feels like they went a bit too early on early access.I loved the Guild 2, but sadly the third installment is currently unplayable on my machine.I want to be positive but i can't start a game.Waiting for the updates and patches to solve the issues."
76561198019073989,Recommended,311260,35236987,Posted: 27 September,all,961414077,"EA means there are bugs and not yet added features, our mission as those who bought EA is to help developing the game as de-bug and offer suggestions.Overall, the game is not yet finish but quite promising future development and endless fun if with proper support from the community."
76561198022963243,Not Recommended,311260,35491346,Posted: 5 October,all,xoL86,"The game has potential but far from ready. I wouldn't buy it since its not even 30% done so far.- Voice acters almost none- Music horrible- Game mechanics, a mess a total mess- You can't make trad routes yet meaning you'll have to click every where the transport/ player goes to 100%- Upgrades on the buildings are horrible so far, you cant go to level 2 of the shop- Few people buy of the shop so better to sell to the market thats kinda wierd. Sell 5 stacks and wait 3-5 sec and sell again for max profit- Glitching where you can buy/sell- Few things to do so farIts not a game yet, its in pre-alpha stage and should be free to play with this level of development.Buy The Guilds 2 and you have 80% more to do then this game have. About the same glitch/ buggs in both game."
,Recommended,311260,35250151,Posted: 27 September,all,AWP'portunity,"Very good Sucessor, still in early acess ofcourse so it's not really functional as it should beBut the meat of the game is there already. the classes are well thought out and the skilltree is more interesting then guild 2 that's for sure.If you are a veteran of Guild 2 then you will feel right at homeIf you are new, wait a couple of months until the game is more fleshed outThumbs up!"
76561198041443823,Recommended,311260,35486614,Posted: 4 October,all,Kebdawg,good game
76561198026894235,Not Recommended,311260,35227084,Posted: 26 September,all,Slovak DenvelopE,"Never played worse Early access than this, I feel like this game is only about to get money because of the famous title. (examples: Mafia 3, Stronghold 3, Stronghold Crusader 2 ...)Definettly not recommending now, First 20 mins I was fixing resolution problems (Still not fixed), game is lagging horribly, only one activity which you are doing at start is to running to market and immediatetly back.I dont understand how devs could even allow this for EA with so many bugs and problems and for 30 euro..."
,Not Recommended,311260,35226822,Posted: 26 September,all,RealBercik ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"In it's current state I am not even able to give this a chance. Very low fps on a relatively high spec machine, close to no graphics settings (and the ones that are there cannot be changed for some reason?). Horrible UI, and low quality sounds, with many feeling like placeholders (too many - even for early acccess). I will wait a while and see how this develops, but for now not worth it at all! It's a shame..."
76561198073803540,Not Recommended,311260,35226592,Posted: 26 September,all,dps4140,"Yikes - I was really excited to try the Guild 3. Just saw a post on /r/tycoon that it has come to early access and came straight to Steam to buy it. Unfortunately, I'm going to be processing a return for now. Played for about 20 minutes and tried to give it a fair shot, but it's not capable of basic gameplay yet. Graphics are very dated, I ran into issues where clicking did not register (crazy, right?), and I got booted after the twenty minutes due to a crash to desktop. Refund for now, but will come back later and take another look - THQ Nordic, just a minor suggestion, as a frequenter of Early Access titles, a little more polish is required for launch."
,Not Recommended,311260,35228376,Posted: 26 September,all,Muigi,"BugsCrashesUnoptimizedPlaceholdersI'd give this one some time to be finished, untill then I'd hold off on buying it."
76561198004915728,Not Recommended,311260,35227356,Posted: 26 September,all,Tricky2809,"Would love to recommend but after I switched to 1920 x 1080 resolution half of the game disappears off screen right and now I cannot choose to change resolution back as the menu option to change resolution is on the part that is no longer visible on screen. refund requested, may revisit once the game is released in a playable state"
76561197980538763,Recommended,311260,35228508,Posted: 26 September,all,ritus,"Thats what i call an early access game. The community cried out for playing it, now they have it and cry because its not playable. Oh snap what a suprise."
,Not Recommended,311260,35380466,Posted: 1 October,all,Winters,"The game has potential but it is far from playable atm. Constant crashing, trade routes being demolished upon reloading the game, no autosave feature, and extremely laggy even on a good pc. If you've got cash to throw around I'd support the devs, but don't expect a playable game for a couple of months."
,Recommended,311260,35239898,Posted: 27 September,all,MrDreiPelot,"Seriously, ignore the negative reviews, this game is in early access, dont buy it if you are not a fan and waited for this game, Pay attention in 3-6 months, maybe more, dependant on the devs communication and dev plan."
,Recommended,311260,35408161,Posted: 2 October,all,Irish Breakfast.,"It's early access, but, If you played the game back in the day, it's true to the original.  There are, a lot of bugs.  I cannot stress this enough.  However, the diligence they have put into putting the game together, true to the original, with some lovely tweaks so far - it's going to be great and they'll hopefully polish this thing so nice, i'll play this for twice as many years as i did the others."
76561197961257429,Recommended,311260,35227464,Posted: 26 September,all,rakaka.se|bobhund,THE GUILD
76561198031543499,Recommended,311260,35358699,Posted: 30 September,all,Unkafunk,"Earliest Early Access game I've ever played. Many, many issues. Really, it's barely playable because of freezes/CTDs for me even with a setup that's good to run on minimum requirements. I know with it's current build there's still tons more features/mechanics that the player is locked out of or probably still being tested. I'm a diehard fan of this franchise though, mostly Europa 1400. I think this will be a great title in the future. Right now it's mostly for fans that want to see the guts of this game due to the fact that there has been very little gameplay footage released and little understanding about how this games mechanics will work. Still appreciative for the team working hard to get it out. Question to Devs though: In this day and age, how hard would it be to stream or upload some of the team's game footage now that we have a beta? With all the issues and understanding the current build I think we'll be seeing something like 3-6 months until truly playable and 6-12 months until it feels polished/finshed."
76561197979934951,Not Recommended,311260,35232711,Posted: 26 September,all,illuvius32,"Even by early access standards, this is really rough.  I had been excited about this for months, but it's really overpromised and underdelivered.  Game is pre-alpha at best and nearly unplayable.  Only buy if you want to support the developer, not with any expectation of having fun playing the game."
,Not Recommended,311260,35232662,Posted: 26 September,all,[T40-1]CantTouchThis,Perhaps the worst release i've ever seen. Completely unplayable. Refunding and will check back in a year.
76561198007270727,Not Recommended,311260,35227490,Posted: 26 September,all,k.paso,"as someone wh eagery anticipated this game it is a hot mess. Half the features don't work  and the other half are so confusing and without any sort of tutorial. This might be one of the worst early access games I've ever bought. Thank god for steam refunds. If they think they will finish this game in 6 months I have very poor hopes it will be playable on ""completion""."
,Not Recommended,311260,35237424,Posted: 27 September,all,Ender,"I believe The Guild 3 has the potential to be a great game, but as of right now, it's an unplayable mess."
,Not Recommended,311260,35234832,Posted: 26 September,all,[RGN] John Snow,I can not in good conscious advise anyone to buy this game. This is a very very very rough beta. Seems like the basework for a fully functional game is in palce  but it is barely functional. UI is a ♥♥♥♥ing mess. Features are buggy and unfinished.I wont be refunding the game because i have hope they will get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and product a game similiar to the previous 2 that i enjoyed and maybe they really need that EA money to polish it off.
76561198032174254,Not Recommended,311260,35232289,Posted: 26 September,all,Magnus,"Well... I expected the bugs, the crashes and optimizations problems, but i didn't expect the game to be so empty and lack in content. Like.. Trade routes don't work, same with  courting, there are no interiors...I know its EA, but since they stated on this same page that “Early Access is fully playable but in need of balancing and (performance) optimization. "", i actually expected something ""more playable"" than this, specially since it has been for quite some time in the making.I guess i'll just refund and keep an eye for the updates."
76561198007348060,Not Recommended,311260,35228367,Posted: 26 September,all,Maniceba,"Way to early for Early access.Looks nice, but after a marathon run from home to market 43 times oh so.....the game crashed......had to start running agein.....Noooop.....loots of work to do for the Dev."
,Recommended,311260,35239832,Posted: 27 September,all,WarrenGFan,"Please do respect the early access stage. The game needs a lot of improval, I think a negative review is not fair. Just be patient :)"
76561198001286677,Not Recommended,311260,35231237,Posted: 26 September,all,NybbleNaut,"It's like they spent all their money on art assets and hookers, then neglected the rest of the ""game"".  Cannot recommend."
,Recommended,311260,35228497,Posted: 26 September,all,DoppioRhum,"Well not playable yet. But, still i can't ""not recommend"" this game. My expectations from this game is way too high and i'm kind a happy to be able see how it's developing.27.09.2017 Trade routes totally dead, not sure how but made it work once. But even when it started it, it only sold the goods i produced to the market but as no npc sell goods to market, it was unable to supply the production. Even i could be able to buy some of the raw materials directly from producers if that product needs any raw materials, no one supply it either(maybe i should sell those raw mats to market idk). If you're ready to control every trade cart manually and somehow be able to produce semi productions by yourself. You're ready to play. Also double click works on normal & slow speeds, if the speed is high you have to double click faster."
76561198004468069,Not Recommended,311260,35375787,Posted: 1 October,all,metallicaphil,"in its current state, for this price no. for a game they say is almost finished, it is feels very unfinished. i get this is eary access, but for £25 i was expecting a bit more"
,Not Recommended,311260,35226290,Posted: 26 September,all,Atomicnom,"It's not in great shape to begin with. Right now, there's a lot more content in The Guild 2 than there is here; you're buying an early access title at the price of a finished product. Numerous release-day bugs, and the graphics look deeply outdated.I'll keep exploring the game, but my first impressions are disappointing."
76561198097978925,Not Recommended,311260,35230962,Posted: 26 September,all,Shopping_Gutschein,"oh boy, oh boyearly access? well, looks more like a very early alpha test to me and definitely not worth paying 30€ for.I'm sorry for everyone who was just as hyped as me but for now I would suggest hands off, because this is simply unplayable.nervertheless I see a lot of potential in this game. so maybe I'll check it out again in a year or so. until then...back to guild 2. ;-)cheers"
,Recommended,311260,35277139,Posted: 28 September,all,rov_houston,"Hi The Guild 3 developers and community,Thanks a lot for the early release of the great game. I own the Guild 2 Renaissance and I enjoy playing with my wife.I have three questions:1) How to court someone and get married?2) Is there still a scholar profession and can we still build church to produce poems? I saw some printing house option, but I was not sure which profession I should start with to do that.3) There is not horses in the market and most of the goods at 0, is that because of early access oram I missing something?Thanks a lot in advance for your comments and have a great game time."
76561198090492845,Not Recommended,311260,35302928,Posted: 29 September,all,valimir,i probaly get refund now
,Not Recommended,311260,35382076,Posted: 1 October,all,milzeiler,"I know it's at Early Access stage, but there are many bugs found within this game that shouldn't be there, not even at it's early access stage.  It's very hard to enjoy as it's very laggy.  I don't have the best internet connection, but I don't have nearly the same problems with other games of this calibre as I do with this one.It's going to be very hard to recommend this game in it's current state.  Majority of the time when I try to access the marketplace to sell goods it freezes.  I'm literally forced to shut down the game each time this happens.  The response times of commands selected are very slow.  A person needs extreme patience in order to play this game without feeling the need to bash in something."
76561198251582678,Not Recommended,311260,35227491,Posted: 26 September,all,league6576,The game would be good if it could be played.
76561198038469378,Not Recommended,311260,35227105,Posted: 26 September,all,suppa,Do not get this in early access. Full of bugs and unfinished features. Wait until release and check reviews.
76561198011819636,Not Recommended,311260,35423454,Posted: 2 October,all,Marco,I would expect less features in playabale quality. Unfortunately Guild 3 is quite opossite - many broken features.At the end i purchased Guild 2 and suprisigngly - everything what is broken in Guild 3 works in Guild 2!I am sure it will be a great game later. Unfortunately only reason to buy it now is sending money to developers so they will continue...
,Not Recommended,311260,35234704,Posted: 26 September,all,Kirschbra,"got a lot of work to go before it's ready, I'll be happy then.  I don't really want to give it a down vote, but it doesn't deserve an up vote, should have done a lot more dev before going early access, it's not even close"
76561198006635744,Not Recommended,311260,35230999,Posted: 26 September,all,ckmitch88,"ABsolutely not ready yet.Looks good, briefs well but is absolutley not ready with multiple crashes at seemingly random spots in the game."
,Not Recommended,311260,35227033,Posted: 26 September,all,Emperor Suizei,"You get greeted by a terrible ui, bad graphics and bugs from the first 5 minutes of the game. Very hard to navigate since the UI is so bad, no content in the game what so ever. You are better off getting the guild 2 renaissance, get the community mod and have less bugs and more content for a cheaper price.This game might get good in the future but do not invest your hard earnt money on this EA, wait and watch."
,Recommended,311260,35280537,Posted: 28 September,all,Crabeaux,"If you liked The Guild 2: Renaissance then you'll probably like this one. There are a lot of bugs but again if you like TG2 then you probably got used to that (at least until the final iteration of Fajeth's Mod).One profession just doesn't work at all because of a simple problem with a low-level product that hamstrings its shop's ability to make a profit in a reasonable amount of time, so expect the bugs at the time of this review to be that bad. I have not experienced a crash or any glaring software bugs but the major bugs are definitely more game-breaking than not. I'm looking forward to finding and reporting more bugs and I'm enjoying poking around in the new version of a truly unique game. The people that like TG2 recognize that there are no other games that are conceptually similar. Even if they can hammer out all of the bugs it will still take a little time for a newcomer to get used to the game's scope, objectives and pacing. So if that sounds fun and you like reporting bugs then I'd reccomend it now. If you don't like the bugs part then just put it on your wishlist and see how it turns out in a few years.It took TG2 more than its own lifetime to reach its final state. Its corpse had to be bought, then resurrected and finally face-lifted by a benevolent modder (thanks Fajeth) before it got to be the game it is now. I support The Guild 3 having the development cycle that it deserves."
76561197997020126,Not Recommended,311260,35227427,Posted: 26 September,all,HeadHuntA,"MP is simply not there, the engine is crap, the graphics are crap, tooltips dont work or are simply not there, the fps are low, it keeps crashing, and so on... quite a lot for 1h of playtimeRefunded"
76561197980164825,Recommended,311260,35259291,Posted: 28 September,all,Pasokon Otaku-Boy,Fun game just need abit of time to patch the stuff up!
76561197961549078,Recommended,311260,35260869,Posted: 28 September,all,Rex55 Qc,"This game have a big potential! Really, this is buggy, but you know, this is an early access, they working on it and with our support you can make this game bigger! Let's get to work guys!"
,Recommended,311260,35240900,Posted: 27 September,all,[NW2H] TheProgrammer,"Great News!For months, they promised that the Out-of-Sync issue that plagued the other games would not be an issue, and by golly were they right! Your multiplayer won't go out of sync in this game because there is no multiplayer!Signed,Fan that wanted to play with others this weekend.Edit: It seems that Multiplayer will be coming in late November, but considering they hinted that all major features were implemented (it only needing balancing and performance improvements) I find that very misleading.Oh well, it's a Guild game - hopefully it'll be good. We'll see how it pans out, i'll update this review when it leaves early access."
76561198003100542,Not Recommended,311260,35233727,Posted: 26 September,all,Watermellen,dont buy it yet
76561197976906042,Not Recommended,311260,35229597,Posted: 26 September,all,[DK]Nortess,"Devs spent more time making the trailer than on the actual game. Early Access is WAY too early - Game only shows the laziness of the devs for not having made a great game over a VERY long timeperiod. I am comparing this game with Guild 2, and sod it if you think that isn't fair.Graphics - Worse than Guild 2 actually, and no where near optimized at all. Color glitches, random screen jumps, floating AI, just to name a few.Interface - No way near as intuitive as Guild 2 and way fewer options aswell. Navigating is awefull, even with sensitivity at minimum, i jump from one end of the map to the other with a flick of the wrist.Gameplay - Some of the initial changes you meet is that you have to level up skills to get access to production buildings, at first you use your own house as production. I like that idea, so points for that. Also, titles are earned from xp, and not from purchasing at the town hall. From what i saw with my 2 hour playthrough, this determined how many businesses you could operate - making the game way more grindy than Guild 2 was.Trading - In the 2 hours i played the London map, my character was the only one producing and selling goods. Except for raw materials, NOTHING was sold to the market by anyone else than me, and this eventhough the city had more than enough businesses. Most that actually produced a bit set it all for sale at the business front end instead of the market, even though the market sell prices where almost double. And since transportation had to be purchased at the market, nothing was available, so to me it quickly resulted in my character running back and forth to the market selling and buying materials in low quantities. I quickly got the feeling that i would have to craft everything myself. Atleast the price for selling daggers to the market never dropped, even after having made and sold 60 of them... none where sold, no supply/demand regulation... no points for that.I just sent my request for a refund."
,Not Recommended,311260,35247033,Posted: 27 September,all,|TCC|☕ Dashi™,"Bigger disappointment than a stillborn.I really expected this game to be amazing, I downloaded it while at a mate's house and watched him play it - hence my one minute play time. It disappointed me, definitely refunding. Bugs, bugs, lag and bugs. Bad game.I really wanted to buy it and write an incredible review but I just can't. If you want to really enjoy the game, buy The Guild 2 instead. It's much better, cheaper and can keep you busy for hours on end without you having a stroke while trying to play due to frustration at bugs and lag.Also, full of bugs and lag."
76561198269182270,Not Recommended,311260,35237177,Posted: 27 September,all,DoOdz #Soulist_,This game's graphic could be better!Full of bugs but it could be nice on release
76561198076633782,Recommended,311260,35381161,Posted: 1 October,all,markoustas,"It is to early to review it but the only thing i must say it is that it crush so much that it doesn't let you to understand it and to move on at the world of Guild 3. It takes so much time that make it so boring to try to go again and again inside the game. In General is like Guild 2 which i don't like that they didn't change a lot of things yet (Or i can't see them because it crush so much) . Don't junge the game yet of course as i do now because is the early access and it needs time , just time is not something that we have to give for restarting all the time."
,Not Recommended,311260,35232922,Posted: 26 September,all,Vander,"In its current state, this is pure binary cancer! And personally, I don't see them fixing it since there are big aspects that will need a total rework.Me and my fiancé were so excited about the release... We started playing and even started noting the bugs for feedback, but this soon proved to be an enormous task.  The game is so broken in basically all areas except visuals, visuals BTW that make a semi-monster PC get 30 fps on low visuals. And the Shadows should come with an epilepsy warning. I digress, this game sucks balls ATM and I have gone from sad to furious in like 4 hours.Here's a few things amongst literally a hundred that I can remember since I don't even want to look at the notes we made. These are not opinion related stuff. This is broken stuff.- ""Give is to me"" is still there, I really can't figure out if the spelling, grammar and general sentence structure is supposed to sound ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?- Mouse Scrolling @ 1440p only works properly in the down direction. The sides and top only work if you reverse a by a view pixel widths. (Full screen mode)- When you do♥♥♥♥♥♥to other people blank messages appear.- Forced RPG narrative BS. What this means is, stuff happens to your guy without you trying to make it possible. You can start the game, stay in your house and while you are in there you get messages like: You went to a Cabbage festival and got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Wut?). Or you sang a vulgar song in the tavern (what ♥♥♥♥ing tavern-where? Is there even a tavern here?) All sorts of weird improbable♥♥♥♥♥♥ I even chased off a murder by yelling “help! Murderer” (before he actually even murdered someone…) while here I thought I was baking cookies the whole day.- The UI is so bad, so very bad.- Is it just me or can anyone quit to main menu? For me this is greyed out when I press escape lol. So, I need to exit the game to go back to main menu. Loading times on raid SSD’s is fairly long. Longest of any game I’ve ever played on my current rig.- Changing basically anything in the options will force restart- You really struggle to click♥♥♥♥♥♥and especially move your character and interact with other NPC’s, partly due to the moronic path system. You can’t walk anywhere but the actual roads. So stupid, so stupid (Trump voice).- I think this is blatant misinformation. The maps aren’t big, it’s like I can almost smell the possibility for a console port attempt at a later stage…-They are as big as Supreme Commander 2 maps- wink wink- The markets are ♥♥♥♥ed and from what I can see they are all linked anyway.- Many Guildopedia or whatever ♥♥♥♥ups. Like they will say your character has a green circle around them but in fact it’s a blue indicator. Many, many things like that in the help tab.- I kept walking into the mayor on his horse and shifting him into the funniest places…Wanted to try a lake or river but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ walking area makes that impossible. (He BTW was just standing in front of a big♥♥♥♥♥castle practicing living statue mime stuff)- If you interact with NPC’s they are so shocked they can sometimes just stand there after interaction for hours.- The Avatar portrait glitches with weird pixel♥♥♥♥♥♥- The Tree Shadows are psychedelic. I would be busy trying to find out wtf is going and slogging through bugs then be momentarily stunned by the flickering shadows and lose all train of thought. I know this is not me since I saw the same♥♥♥♥♥♥while Tard Squad were expo-ing the game a while back on YouTube.- Actual programing language showing up in many places- Performance is bad. I play games like Arma 3 flawlessly and I’m running i7 at 4.2 Ghz, SSD raid, 980Ti Strixes etc. I really don’t wanna experience this on say a i5 1060 or something.These are their min preliminary Specs:•	OS: Windows 7 or higher•	Processor: 2.5 GHz Dual Core Processor•	Memory: 4 GB RAM•	Graphics: 2 GB Direct3D 11 capable video card (GeForce GTX 470 or Radeon HD 5850)•	DirectX: Version 11•	Storage: 5 GB available space•	Sound Card: DirectX compatible Sound card•	Additional Notes: These are preliminary system specs that can and will change!Lol…These are only a few of the issues and I only got as high as citizen. 4 hours gameplay 3 or 4 restarts.///// DON'T READ BELOW IF YOU DON""T WANT TO HEAR MY OPINIONS //////These are my personal problems with gameplay and vs Guild 2-	Are those the same voices from Guild 2?-	Clothes and character creation in general is a bit simple-	The female is limited to male voice and personally I know of more chicks that have been waiting for Guild 3 than guys btw.-	The bandit camp is like, well, in the middle of town basically…-	The maps are small and the geography looks unrealistic with roads going into mountains and what not. Everything seems so clumped together.-	Who knows what’s going on with the markets?-	You cannot see inside buildings, wtf?-	I beguiled or whatever a granny in front of a tent and all of a sudden, we are in a house doing the funky chicken, which looks exactly like my house across the map, then after the funky chicken we TP back to the tent…-	Animations in general look stupid and unfinished-	They Alpha release notes on steam already should have given me a waring since if your read between the lines you already see♥♥♥♥♥♥coming with all the heads up apologies from the devs. That’s aside from the normal EA declaimer."
76561197970561274,Not Recommended,311260,35227022,Posted: 26 September,all,Critical,I dont write reviews often... that being said i wanted this game to be great... Sadly the Early Access is not worth the asking price due to many problems with the game. Personally i will refund and wait to see how it develops. Also see how fast it develops nothing worse than watching a EA game you want to play develop so slow...
,Recommended,311260,35226155,Posted: 26 September,all,BaskyMasky,Been waiting on this for a long time...
,Not Recommended,311260,35226837,Posted: 26 September,all,Hamster,"I want to like this, but I can't.How can you release something so unfinished? Hard to find a game there. Refunded for now, gonna wait for the full release.All I wanted is a Guild 2 with a multiplayer mode that doesn't desync after half an hour of play time. This version does not even have multiplayer included at this state. ):"
76561198182030509,Not Recommended,311260,35231913,Posted: 26 September,all,Freshprince,Wow you must must have really huge balls to release unoptimized game like this even in early acces game. You can't even set game resolution right :D :D :D.
76561198353837275,Recommended,311260,35362661,Posted: 30 September,all,Jaxs1016,it's early access you Dotards and The Guild series is amazing!  buy it and support the devs.
76561198006692008,Recommended,311260,35262283,Posted: 28 September,all,After Pie,this game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥right now
,Not Recommended,311260,35350616,Posted: 30 September,all,panzeroffizier95,"Its an absolute mess. It was delayed for more than one year but at its best its maybe worth 5€ as of now. The game crashes after 15minutes of play on my high end gaming PC that surpases the requirements by far. Placeholder models and crude menus. Keep playing ""Europa 1400 the Guild 1"", its a better game, most important a finished game. This is as unfinished as a game gets to be. Audio files and item icons reused from previous titles in the series. If you can imagine, this game is worse than ""The Guild II"". Whatever you do is up to yourself, I wanted this game to succeed but it failed, it got overhyped and the developer team spent all the time doing god knows what since the buildings dont even have interiors at this point and the game plays at 15 FPS on my Nvidia GTX 1060. I would play it for longer than 0,7hours but i cant play more than 10minutes at a time before it crashes."
76561198066238850,Not Recommended,311260,35226574,Posted: 26 September,all,Ricochet,"Well, not sure what I expected from a Guild game. For something in development for as long as it has been I expected more. The graphics in the released videos were MUCH better, the voices sound like computer generated audio, the hud has errors that give links to code instead of what it is supposed to say and the layout makes absolutely no sense, changing graphics causes crashing sometimes so much that it wont start back up....Honestly, I hate to say it but at this point, Guild 2 is a better buy and less buggy. Not worth 30 dollars, probably going to be my first refund request ever. Giving it an hour and a half to see if the charm picks up. At this point. No. Sad, I played the Guild 2 a lot on my laptop while deployed when times were slow, I have a huge place for the game, even as buggy as it was.Edit: Chose rogue, of course. Robbed one woman 10 times for 250 gold each, she never left. Eventually she died, and I kept robbing her corpse till it disapeared. Invisible corpse beat up my character 3 times. I am an hour in and I am over it. This is not early access, it is not even alpha. I hope it gets better, but I am not impressed."
,Not Recommended,311260,35365089,Posted: 30 September,all,C. Struggs,"I loved The Guild 2, it wasn't a good game but it was something that I thought could be great if it was optimized better.I've followed the guild 3 for years now, and it's finally been released into early access.10 years too soon at the rate they've been working at apparently"
76561198125075780,Not Recommended,311260,35255862,Posted: 27 September,all,Lich King,bad bad bad the old 1 is nice
76561198004533919,Not Recommended,311260,35234214,Posted: 26 September,all,Oobajig,"I know this is EA and it's not finished, it's buggy and not ready for final release, I get that.But my goal was to do 2 things:1. Go Rogue, Build Rogue Builds, put Ppl to work.2. Kill enemies, and randomsHowever, I can't build ANY buildings. You need Rank 1 in the appropriate class, and even if you set your starting class, you don't get Rank 1 in that class. I tried getting XP by juggling, ambushing etc. I made no money, and I got 30XP after fast fowrading through 2 days, 30 XP of out 600 to get Rank 1. I'm not gonna fast foward through however many days it takes to get Rank 1.I know I know, it's EA right? Sure, but this is soooooo basic. I don't care about cut off text, male voices for women, my mouse clicking objects ABOVE my mouse rather than where my mouse is, and a few other issues I found. I just want to build my class buildings, put people to work, then run around killing enemies. You agree that's basic right? That's not too much to ask for EA?Well, I think that functionality should be there. It's the core of the game. By EA standards this is still bad. I'm fine with bugs, but this is just.... unplayable. So, negative feedback and a refund it is, and I'll buy again when I can see progress has been made."
76561198325798462,Not Recommended,311260,35341703,Posted: 30 September,all,FranciscoJohn,"I am win10 system,why I fail to open it= =,all black"
76561198074626607,Not Recommended,311260,35238670,Posted: 27 September,all,ezbrewster,"I have a relatively high powered laptop with fully updated graphics drivers, it runs other demanding games with very few problems. The game barely ran. Fiddled with graphics settigs and restarted and it crashed 3 to 4 minutes into every load. I loved The Guild games and still play The Guild 2. I know this is early access but you're charging almost £30 for EA after the game has been in development for 3+years. How has this been in development for that amount of time and it's in this state when released on EA? Never been motivated to write a reciew before but this is a shocker. They've pushed the release date several times and I really hope that the finished product bears little to no resemblance to this. Graphics were poor, characters in character creator look a tiny bit better than those from The Guild 2, scenery and buildings are fine but compare poorly to other games of this type and generation. I think the character voices are computer generated? I think the current release date is the end of 2017 or first quarter of 2018, how  they'll do that I do not know. As far as I'm concerned this is not an EA game this is a poor game demo."
,Not Recommended,311260,35319012,Posted: 29 September,all,~ el patron ~,"When I spend two hours playing, the bugs came up -_-"
,Not Recommended,311260,35237750,Posted: 27 September,all,Nipple Squeezer,An insult to every gamer.
76561198054709393,Recommended,311260,35248063,Posted: 27 September,all,Total_chaos,5/10
76561198039211038,Not Recommended,311260,35230180,Posted: 26 September,all,Dernt,"Not worth $29.99. The Guild 2 is better. Not to say it will never be a good game, but as of right now, no where worth the money."
76561197964945728,Recommended,311260,35227382,Posted: 26 September,all,Davarish,Epic game.. so exited that it finalled is out ( early dosent matter ) :Dall the guild games was epic.. this will no doubt be awesome tooAll who give a bad rewiev cause of such and such problems STFU.. its bin out for like 2 hours give or take... In a early access version... Consider it a giant demo.. U remember those right :D be freaking gratefull u get to enjoy it before final release and at a cheaper cost..Citizen D.
76561198015971079,Not Recommended,311260,35226833,Posted: 26 September,all,Heia Safari!,"Nope nope nope. Do not buy. I repeat, abort mission! ABORT MISSION!"
76561198039531068,Not Recommended,311260,35237839,Posted: 27 September,all,sverrebob,"This game is horribly unfinished and pretty much unplayable, which is weird and disappointing given the 5 years it's had in developement...I really hope it will be much better by the end of this year as I have looked forward to play it.Also, it seems to me that they use the same engine as in guild 2, the well known AMD cpu problem is still there. Laggy and long loading times.I reccomend following this game and buying it when it is finished. The price it has now is way too much for the little work that has been put down into the game.."
76561198001593736,Not Recommended,311260,35414747,Posted: 2 October,all,Cute,:(
,Not Recommended,311260,35236317,Posted: 26 September,all,Squazzie,Just makes me want to play the guild II.This needs work.Plus the guild II is on sale quite often.
76561198025294041,Not Recommended,311260,35358321,Posted: 30 September,all,collin,"It said, You need to have used this product for at least 5 minutes before posting a review for it (3 minutes on record).""Could not even start the game. So dissapointed in a game I have been looking forward to. Do not pay for this. I bought the game, downlowded it and now all I see is a black screen with music. Does not even work. So glad I payed 29.99 for a game that only has a mouse cursor and music. Nothing else."
76561198014797190,Not Recommended,311260,35495355,Posted: 5 October,all,Fawb,I have been trying to play this game for a month now and it is constantly crashing on me.  The menus don't work and the sliders are also not functional.  Everytime the add an update to it my experience gets worse.  I Love the Guild series and I really hope that they can get this game right before its full version is released but as it is now I wouldn't recommend spending the $30 on the early access version because it is unplayable.
76561198045226844,Not Recommended,311260,35237840,Posted: 27 September,all,Ravayen,"Was soooo excited to get my hands on this game after playing guild 2 (which today remains buggy as hell), downloaded and installed it, pressed start, excitement built, setup my character, tested my character voice.....aaaand thats where it all went wrong for me.I actually couldn't make up my mind for a few seconds (i'm not kidding) weather the voice acting i heard was computer generated or an actual person it then hit me that they really did put that little effort in and that the voice actors were literally just reading the lines from a card with no actual acting involved at all so i shut down the game and went to the forums.The discussions are are filled with dissapointed fans and not much else, my advice hold off your purchase for a few patches the guild games hit a special place in you when you play them even with the bugs but this just feels thrown out there and that voice acting makes it utterly unplayable for me.Uninstalling for now hoping that they completely redo the audio at some point."
76561198085281572,Not Recommended,311260,35228404,Posted: 26 September,all,RED,"Everybody welcome , Of Kings and Men, Second of his name, Prince of Early Access, Lord of Scammers."
76561198211032148,Not Recommended,311260,35232110,Posted: 26 September,all,Profile151,Ever play a game with decent sim like graphics on aGtx 1070.I7-6700k 4ghz quad core16gb ramAnd still get 15-20fps? If that's what your looking for this is for you
76561198006045100,Not Recommended,311260,35242523,Posted: 27 September,all,BoulCrew',"This early acces dont make sence , it's a prototype , not even close to alpha. (Less optimized than pubg and h1 who are game create as fast as they can just to make money). And even with the best computer who can run the game with 30fps+, you have nothing to do , if your game haven't crash."
76561198033602179,Not Recommended,311260,35229647,Posted: 26 September,all,Bro Tastix,"As of now, the release, is not very enjoyable.I would recommend waiting a few weeks until the bugs are worked out.Tried to start a game 3times now, always a crash after max 5min ingame.Everything is moving stuttery, no tutorials yet available sow you're on your own."
76561198084475171,Not Recommended,311260,35233590,Posted: 26 September,all,dhg nkad,can't even start a new game!!!!Crush!!!
76561198008675660,Not Recommended,311260,35236335,Posted: 26 September,all,rexus300,"Unfinished, buggy as ****.Finish developing game, and I'll recomend it big time.Still glad to support early access however.Would possibly recommend when or if ever it gets finished."
,Recommended,311260,35243270,Posted: 27 September,all,Bashkar,not a review just thumbs up lol
,Not Recommended,311260,35248178,Posted: 27 September,all,Yabadabadoo,i was not expecting this
76561198061754726,Not Recommended,311260,35226234,Posted: 26 September,all,viccatrix,"Waited a month, took the day off school and work, and droped $30 for this.. If you try to open options the game freezes completly, which is terrible since it comes default with low resolution settings so that i have to point a full inch under what Im trying to click to actually click it. And to top everything off, the game itself doesnt even work. If I try to start a new game I crash to desktop. This clearly wasnt ready for early access."
76561198019487144,Recommended,311260,35227355,Posted: 26 September,all,Ja boi,Very basic gameplay levelMany of the new features they added and gameplay changes don't help with trying to learn the gameIts a completely different game from other guild gamesBought it to support their continued work on the gameI treated it as a tech demo and will continue to do so until I find it playableEdit: I see alot of people not being able to play or its too buggy to playNever had a single bug or crash  got 60 FPS other then speeding up time which 4x time scale sent it to 15ish FPSI will again say I see this as a tech demo rather then a game at this point
76561198041062396,Not Recommended,311260,35226289,Posted: 26 September,all,ilamb.tga,"I have been waiting for this game for years now and i am so stoked that it is out, however, it is super broken right now. Almost unplayable. Super stoked for whats coming though."
,Recommended,311260,35227902,Posted: 26 September,all,Nuts,"I didn't play long. It can't be played properly yet. It shows a great promise, however in the state it is right now, it's a real turn off. But hey, nostalgic community pushed Devs for this Eearly Access, so we got what we deserved, not what we really expected =) It's very, very similar to The Guild 2 at this point in terms of gameplay, hell even sound effects and dialogues, but when it gets polished it's gonna be really good game. I can tell it already. Take your time to micromanage and you can enjoy even now. Many mechanics are still unavailable and camera works the same way as TG2. If you played it, you'll know your way around, but if you didn't, well... Hopefully they'll overhaul it. I don't know on what maps and which campaign styles the others have played, but I didn't have any performance problems (middle shelf PC from 2015). Ending here, I'm going back to play some TG2 =)"
,Recommended,311260,35227861,Posted: 26 September,all,Vathugu,"For an early access its ok, There are clearly things that need improvement. I hope to see updates that will make this a great game!"
,Recommended,311260,35227866,Posted: 26 September,all,UncleYammy,"I understand that this game is in Early Access so I can't be too critical, but the game so far is a start, or rather a template--and that's it. I wouldn't say it is unplayable if you can get it to start, but is it enjoyable right now? Not really. I was fortunate enough that the game did not crash but there were many many bugs. It did not bother me that much but combined with the slow and lagging gameplay, the awkward graphics, and the limited options I had to stop playing for now.There is a lot of promise as you can see the developers have set up many things but have not fleshed them out yet. I also have to commend them on their attention to detail and historical background, which still needs a bit more polishing, but it's there. I am excited to see what they do with the game as I, like many other fans of this franchise, have been waiting a very long time for a renewal. But in the meantime, I'm going to stick to the Guild II."
76561198018875590,Recommended,311260,35227850,Posted: 26 September,all,Wolfen,"Still needs a ton of work, althought what is there looks promising... if it not crashes^^.Well, 30 bucks on EA, don't expect a really enjoyable game.I know most people are too stupid to understand what the heck early access is for, so i spare myself the time to further get into it.I wouldn't have put it on steam in that stage of development, because i know the bunch of c*nts that is lurking here, but well.All in all it looks like a mix between Guild 1 and Guild 2 as far as i can see it, some things will be better, but some things i liked are spared out, but all in all it looks good.Only buy it when you understand what early access is for ;)"
76561198041488230,Recommended,311260,35227890,Posted: 26 September,all,DevilDeals,"Awesome, i bet once the updates fly in, this game will be as enjoying as Guild II was, hopefully they allow for workspace Mods."
76561198038784855,Recommended,311260,35227776,Posted: 26 September,all,AbuKhaled,"I don't know what people reviewing this game negatively are thinking. Like most early access games(FFS it was released one hour ago) it's unplayable. What I was looking at are the changes they made compared to The Guild 2. The map is better, and the professions tree looks incredible, the social classes looks like it will determine most of the gameplay unlike in The guild 2 when  the only difference is when you reach nobleman class. All in all I wasn't disappointed."
76561198126889358,Recommended,311260,35249000,Posted: 27 September,all,AhTheBone,Needs res fixes but game play is great!
76561198111730405,Recommended,311260,35237619,Posted: 27 September,all,-DI-PSMasD-,"The last few days i had doubts if they will bring out needed patches fast enough, and it is looking brighter every day!I had wished for more setting options as the Graphics quality slider additionally to the shadoes quality slider on the first day.The markets were disfunctional due to no transports from the quarry, we got now more wagons!I like those quick changes! My Guild 3 is now working better!Zooming out of the city too far is still creating some serious lag, but that will be polished generally over time i know.I hope now, that the cities will feel more busy soon, i am quite sure i had not seen a single NPC cart/horse/wagon on the streets delivering and selling buying yet!I can recommend guild 3 now, that some of the serious day 1 errors are patched!"
76561198066897953,Not Recommended,311260,35367969,Posted: 1 October,all,Icy_Belle,"I absolutely loved the former guild games and I do see the potential in this game BUT I can't recommend the game in its current state. It's a mere basic frame, a tech demo at best. Core features, e.g. the very foundation of guild games with the active economy, are currently not running actively.I decided not to refund this game because I am hopeful. I admittedly lost some of my faith over the state in which they put this game in Early Access but... call me a fool... I still think they MIGHT pull it off. In this state only those that want to support the developers should buy this game. Very few people will actually get any enjoyment out of the game in THIS state. I hope I will soon be able to update this and recommend it with all my (currently half-broken) heart."
,Not Recommended,311260,35231313,Posted: 26 September,all,Cook66,"My previous review seems to have been removed or lost from the store page. I don't know why - I ended up deleting it from my profile.Let me sum it up though: This game is broken, unplayable, no where near ready for any kind of release Early Access or otherwise. Its not even in a state where I think its ok for them to show builds of it to the press at trade shows. Its a broken mess that constantly crashes.Any review recommending that you buy this is dishonest with you. There is no game here, there is at best a promise of something down the line, if you believe contrary to what I do that the developer/publisher has the means and the money to turn this into a functional product.Every single positive review I've seen for this game has said it doesn't work, some excuse it due to it being in Early Access, but even in Early Access you're supposed to get access to a game. Here all you get access to are broken promises."
,Not Recommended,311260,35247706,Posted: 27 September,all,Kaiser Waffle,I'll take a refund.
76561198087781579,Recommended,311260,35301569,Posted: 29 September,all,Z3759xy,"Currently the ""Cheese Toast"" is upside-down.A more stable foundation is needed, to hold it in your hands.And the cheese needs to be more stickier, so you can taste it for days.But, ""... I like to know, because I'm very hungry""."
,Recommended,311260,35457971,Posted: 3 October,all,Mante,"It's not enjoyable to play at the moment, but there's patches rolling out every day since EA release. Lets hope this keeps going."
76561198083531042,Recommended,311260,35246379,Posted: 27 September,all,ivan1611,"After the latest patch 0.18g, game is quite playable.There is still stuff missing, but there is new patch coming every single day, so they are working hard to polish the game.I added coins via CheatEngine to test most of the production and trade functionalities, and I must say I am finally content with the game. Still haven't tried how politics and inter-dynastic interactions work, mostly was focused on leveling up and production organization.All in all game is still rough around the edges, but I can now officially recommend this game to all Guild and Guild 2 fans who consider supporting the development and have some fun in the process."
76561198079339481,Recommended,311260,35508382,Posted: 5 October,all,Spartan0406,Really impressed with how they are handling this EA. Most companies that I've played EA for do patches once or twice a month yet these devs have been hitting it multiple times a week. Keep up the good work guys.
,Recommended,311260,35505388,Posted: 5 October,all,fancypants,"This game is early access. Do not buy unless you have played the guild before and want to support its development. If you do buy it dont moan about there being bugs. Like i said, its early access."
76561198029937724,Not Recommended,311260,35231101,Posted: 26 September,all,Mihai,"Get this game only if you want to financially support the developers, I see no other reasons for it.The game was released in EA a little over 3 years after the announcement that it is in development and it will stay in EA 6 months at most according to the official news. This would mean the game is 75-85% done. If this is true and the game indeed needs only polishing and bug fixing as it is stated on its page, then it will end up worse than Guild 2.Is this game playable? Yes, it is. Just as much as a raw potato is edible - it will feed you, even keep you from starving if you had nothing else for some time, but you'll wish for something more.Add to that a toxic community (at least on Steam) where you can either be an idiot for not understanding what EA means or a stupid fanboy.The main (and only) polite argument of those defending the game is that it is in EA and it is too early to start posting negative reviews and if this would have been the state of the game at the end of 2015, I might have agreed.However, it does not seem to be to early to post positive reviews.But, it is true, right now no one can tell if this game will be good or bad. It is only a question of trust for those who support it and I honestly hope their trust won't prove to be misplaced. And for those who lost their trust and choose not to support the game, who can blame them? Just watch the game evolution from its announcement until now... all the signs are there.In the end, the main question to be answered by a review is: would you recommend this game to anyone? A friend or maybe even an enemy?.... No! :|"
,Not Recommended,311260,35232959,Posted: 26 September,all,DebonairGaming,"Rough around the edges.This game is EARLY access. Like.. Very Early Access. I'm a bit underwhelmed with the lack of content/ui/playability at this point. I mean.. it's been 10 years and the game seems to have been made a year before The Guild II. I am a HUGE fan of this series, and I can't wait to see what they do with it though. I've purchased EA, because I believe in the Devs, and believe that they will follow through and make this game fantastic. (and because it's only $30 now rather than $60ish at release) The lack of even the single player mode being more fleshed out leads me to believe that they must be going for a much improved ai/pathing/etc as well as storyline and are just making sure to do it right. That is my hope, and my prayer. If you aren't ready to wait for an extended period of time for the full game, then by all means hold off on purchasing. Just be  prepared to pay more than we the brave EA souls have. It will be worth the full price if and when they finish it. I'm just betting on getting it for half off now.For all the people complaining about the frame rate and whatnot, quit downloading porn. My PC is in no way shape or form high end, heck its probably not even middle of the road at this point, and yet I didnt have any frame rate problems. There were some shadow issues, and the menu's aren't all exactly working, it's as though the tooltip doesn't recognize your clicks half the time. I am excited to be in on the ground floor, as that is what this is, and to not only watch, but to help make this a fantastic game in the end.TL;DR  Should you buy? If you're sold on The Guild series, I'd buy now as you're getting in cheap and it should turn out at LEAST as good as The Guild II. If you're not sold, then hold off until some more of the game is fleshed out and ready to be polished up and smoothly playable.*I'm so excited I'm gonna die*"
