user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,311240,24083024,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,oh boy i love teleporting,"Its pointless for me to write a review saying to buy it or not to buy it.If you played the previous installments, I don't think anything I could possibly say could dissuade you from buying this one.If you have not played Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors and you have not played Virtue's Last Reward, go play those first and then you will fall into the former category."
76561198083715362,Recommended,311240,23952064,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[CeLl]dOwn,"The best series of all time but have to give a warning like many others have said on every review:PLAY 9 HOURS 9 PERSON 9 DOORS FIRST THEN VIRTUES LAST REWARD IN THAT ORDER. DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE NOT PLAYED THE PREVIOUS TITLES OR A HUGE PORTION OF THE EXPERIENCE WILL BE LOST. IN ADDITION THERE WERE HINTS GIVING BY THE DIRECTOR THAT THE PREVIOUS TITLES WILL BE RELEASED ON STEAM, SO BE PATIENT OR FIND A WAY TO PLAY THE OTHERS.ALSO DO NOT WIKI THE GAME AT ALL BECAUSE HUGE SPOILERS ARE THERE EVEN IN THE FRONT PAGE. AVOID THE WIKIS.Moving on, there is no story that is epic like this series on PC at all. It's the best story period and not much details can be given because it will be a spoiler. This is what many people will tell you about the Zero escape series when trying to explain it to you.However all we can say is that the game starts out basically as you being a participant in a game with other people. There are decision making events which effect actual outcome and you will get different experiences from each choices. There are puzzles as well which play a huge role to the story. You'll learn theoritcal ideas and you will learn knowledge which are used in real life work environments. At first, it starts out simple then the story just explodes and branches out in to braingasm of events in which you won't get the experience in any other games. This one expands on the previous title in a much bigger way you won't expect if you played the previous titles honestly. The first title is about 5 to 9 hours if your only going for the story which is still good enough, second title Virtues Last reward increases to 40 hours and finally this one goes beyond that in terms of elements. I own both the VIta version and PC in support of the team that made the series and trust me I don't buy multiple port versions of a game if it sucks. This game has done an excellent job on the PC side on it's first try as well.The Series has won awards in the past for best story so please consider playing the previous titles in order before playing this game without looking at the plot. It's 100% worth it!"
,Recommended,311240,32144699,Posted: 2 June,all,IShallRiseAgain,"Zero Time Dillema is a good game, but its the weakest of the entire 999 series.First off, the puzzle design could use some improvement. The escape rooms have a lot of repeat puzzles. One type of puzzle re-appeared in 4 different escape rooms. It isn't even a particulary interesting type of puzzle. Granted, the 999 series has always had repeated puzzles, but usually you would only see repeats in the final escape room. The real cool feature of hard mode versions of puzzles from VLR is also missing from the game. It was cool to be able to solve a puzzle multiple ways. The game also basically gives you the solution to some puzzles if you don't solve it right away. This is really annoying because some puzzles require you to look at an item in your inventory before you solve it. The game still has some interesting puzzles though.How the game handles some of its characters is also lacking. Compared to the rest of the series, the character design is really low-key. Part of the 999 series' appeal is the flashy characters, Due to the nature of how the game works, some really unatural characterization is forced on an important character. It doesn't really add up with the character's history, despite how they try and justify it. Furthermore, the character is even made ignorant of knowledge they should know at this point. It also doesn't help that some of the animation is really low quality, so you get some wonky facial expressions from some characters.Thankfully, the story still has the signature craziness of a 999 game. It certainly goes places. Although it also unfortunately fails to resolve some hanging plot threads from VLR. It does leave an opening for a sequel, but to be honest, I'd be happy if the series ends with this game.Overall, I did end up enjoying the game a fair amount, so if your a fan of the previous 2 games you should definitely pick it up."
,Not Recommended,311240,24148294,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,agriba,"This comes from playing the first two games in the franchise and thouroughly enjoying them.To begin, this isn't a horrible game in and of itself.  But it suffers, struggling in almost every area.1. New people are going to have an impossible time getting in to it.  It starts slow out of the gate  just trying to catch up newbies with a massive information dump, and it's going to create a lot of head scratching.  There is some dense dialogue about premises from the previous games that is hard to swallow.  Its still possible to approach for new players, but I can't possibly see it being as enjoyable for the first hour.2.  For fans of the series, there are some red flags for you as well.  The presentation completely restricts the narrative and makes no sense.  Unlike the previous two games, this isn't strictly a choose your own adeventure story.  By adopting what the game calls ""fragments"", you basically play only snippets of a story, before jumping to another line of the story.  Your choices don't result in a feeling of accomplishment or weight.  Instead of encouraging choices about how to progress through the story, its really just an inane system where you put check marks in a box as you move along.3.  And the story.Don't get these games wrong.  There are always puzzles, but the puzzles always play fiddle to the story.  There aren't very many and they aren't hard enough to challenge someone who likes puzzle games.  In the past, this has been okay because the story was so good.  But the story is lacking in this installment.The first half is addled by the presentation like I've already said.  The elements are all present to be interesting, but its a slog; however, the third quarter is where this game shines.  For a brief moment, it gains some direction and feels like its headed somewhere big, and the excitement is there.But then.  Without spoiling anything.  The home stretch of the story is the most ridiculous series of deus-ex-machinas that I have ever seen.  There are huge concepts that are introduced at the very end with basically zero set up, and, somehow, even less explanation.Its borderline offensive how stupid it becomes.In summary.  There are moments of greatness, but most of it is a slog.  The puzzles are fine and the story is a slow build that nose dives just as it becomes satisfying.  Players of the first two will inevitably play this, but it won't live up to the previous installments.New players?  Just go play the first two games (999 and VLR) if you can get your hands on them.  They are fantastic.I was excited to play this game. I loved the first two.  But I am extremely conflicted about this one.  It's not a bad game, but its not good."
,Recommended,311240,23971559,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Baraho,"WARNING:Zero Time Dilemma is the third installment in the Zero Escape visual novel series. If you care about avoiding spoilers and sticking to the correct order of story elements, do NOT play this game until you have met the following prerequisites:1- Finished the Nintendo DS game ""9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors"" and attained all endings.2- Finished the 3DS/PSVita game ""Virtue's Last Reward"" and attained all endings.Otherwise, playing Zero Time Dilemma without doing the above will spoil most of the plot line for you.IMPORTANT UPDATE: I have finished the game and will now write my review below. However, a bit of news first. It was recently confirmed thatthe first two Zero Escape games will be ported, most likely to Steam. It was also suggested that 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors may also receive voice acting.Now, the review.Review (Without Spoilers)Being the third installment in a series of visual novels that already far exceeded my expectations, I thought it would be hard for Zero Time Dilemma to win me over. However, it did, and with flying colors.+Exceptional storytelling, as expected from the great Uchikoshi.+ Mind-bogglinglyfun puzzlesin some of the later rooms in the game.+Beautiful character design, especially Zero.+Intensedecision-making moments with befitting UI.+ Some reviewers argued that the voice acting is bad, and I agree only when it comes to a few characters. The rest arevery well voiced.- The characteranimations feel unnaturalat times (even though it appears they tried their best to avoid this).- Though the music was sublime,too many tracks were borrowed from previous Zero Escape games, which I found to be lazy.All in all, if you've played the previous games, Zero Time Dilemma will offer you plenty of satisfaction and fond memories. If you haven't played the previous games, I strongly urge you not to play this game until you do.Have a wonderful day."
,Recommended,311240,24005726,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,General Lee Aroused,The first 10 minutes into the game and casually assumed the first decision was merely just a tutorial to introduce risk and reward with no real consequences at the beginning.Spent 9 minutes afterwards watching the credits thinking the game will soon start.Then I realized I got a bad ending this entire time and had to restart.♥♥♥♥ing beautiful.
76561198049357241,Recommended,311240,24272612,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Deadly_Peanuts,"Absolutely brilliant ending to this mind-bending trilogy.No amount of stale animations, ""trial & error puzzles,"" or lacklustre voice acting can take away from how ridiculously fantastic the story is. The series made me question reality, it made me question who I am, how my mind works and why it works the way it does. The series has sparked an interest in me that I hope will never die. Zero Time Dilemma wrapped everything up, while still managing to create its own unique mind boggling tale, and great new characters.I cannot recommend this game enough, although I do recommend waiting until the first two of the series are released on Steam. It's a shame they're being released out of order this way, but I'm just glad that more people get to experience this masterpiece of storytelling. In my opinion this is one of the purest forms of ""interactive storytelling."" It truly shows how video games can produce stories that would never work in another format.It's just so goddamn good. Seriously."
76561198004976394,Recommended,311240,25789807,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,De Narm,"I've read somewhere that it's a pretty good idea to take notes while playing these games. So over all 3 games I've collected 132 pages in Word.And a massive ""thank you"" to the developers, for this wonderful series!"
,Recommended,311240,24275872,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Kowagaru,"Like a lot of reviews said: If you haven't played 999 and Virtue Last Reward (If you don't have a DS, they will be avaible at Steam soon), you will not understand this game. Go play 999. If you enjoy 999, you will have a blast with VLR and will be amazed by this one. This whole series is amazing and it deserver all the praise of the world."
,Recommended,311240,24037773,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Arbie,"Don't play until you've gone through 999 and VLR.Aside from the origin of a plot device and the name given to one of the concepts (but was established as early as 999) I doubt there could have been a much better sequel to VLR with this small budget.Infact, I expect a 4th game even if it's unrelated to Ever17/Zero Escape time concepts while sticking to the prisoner dilemma's formula."
,Recommended,311240,24311970,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,FrontRUSSIAN,Like SAW with interesting story.
76561198012915856,Recommended,311240,24705258,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Dincu,"If you play the games before this one, you know what to expect, and you WANT this game.If you haven't play the games before this one, DON'T play this game. They said they will release the older games, so be patience, and play those first."
,Recommended,311240,24075898,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TheBritishRolphy,"There are two types of people in the world:1) People who have played 999 and VLR.  If you are one of these, buy ZTD.  You will not regret it.2) People who have not yet played 999 and VLR.  If you are one of these, go find copies of 999 and VLR (or wait a short while until their inevitable Steam releases), play them then come back and buy ZTD.  You will not regret it."
,Recommended,311240,25418683,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Kabwamow,"*****WARNING - DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED 999 AND VIRTUE'S LAST REWARDAs a person with the most awful memory I've ever seen, after so long waiting for ZTD to come out, I felt obligated to replay the other two games of the series beforehand, since I was 100% sure I'd forgotten pretty much everything, and boy am I glad I did. This trilogy is made to be played one after the other, with everything fresh on your mind, making the experience completely amazing.GAMEPLAY - 8As a visual novel, it goes exactly as you'd think: walls of text to be read, and lots of options that change what happens next. The unique part of the Zero Escape series is the fact that you can ""jump"" from one story to another, and instantly see what happens if you'd chosen the other option, so no remorse in choosing the unethical answer. Hooray!As an Escape the Room, the game is mostly simple, but now and then throwing an extremely complicated puzzle on the players face out of nowhere (I'm looking at you, Transporter Room). I felt like Virtue's last reward had a better balance of dificulty overall.STORY -  9Being a visual novel, if the story was bad, the game would be bad. fortunately, that's not the case. The plot twists were really well made and unexpected, and the game did a fine job explaining what VLR didn't. I did feel that some plots were abandoned (Kyle and ? from VLR, for example), but there were not any blatantly obvious holes. That's the advantage of having an extremely complicated story full of time travel and paradoxes, I guess.Again, however, I'll warn new players to wait and play ZTD ONLY AFTER playing the other two games, as both of them will be on Steam soon enough. This game references the other ones A LOT, and although you end up understanding some stuff, the story is not remotely as rich as it really is if you don't know anything about Zero Escape. Including the inside jokes. So go play 999 and VLR right meow.CHARACTERS - 9.5The game gets the two likeable main characters from 999, the two likeable main characters from VLR, and put them all together to wrap things up. And then introduce more likeable characters. Joyful.I'd say the cast of ZTD outshines the ones from VLR and 999, as I pretty much liked all of them (except Eric, he's an idiot). They all have their distinct personality and you end up caring about them. Even though they just keep dying. Over and over again.OVERALL - 8,8I simply loved this trilogy. Extremely well made and it should really deserve more attention than it does. It's outraging to think that this game almost didn't exist because the producers didn't have the money to do it. I think every penny I've put into it was really well spent. If you're into well written stories, you'll end up agreeing with me."
,Recommended,311240,23930418,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,JackTHerbert,"More Zero Escape. Always good.On a serious note, played this over the last few days on the Vita version (Came out 2 days prior) and the story is fantastic. It gets crazy intense at parts (left unmentioned as spoilers) and I would recommend this to anyone who likes this type of game.The story is significantly better if you have played the previous in the series (9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors for DS, and Virtue's Last Reward for 3DS/Vita) however you can jump in to this game without issues, but the impact is greater if you have played the previous games.So far it seems that the PC version is running as smooth as it can do. The Vita version has a pretty bad framerate, but this seems to be running perfectly at at least 60fps. This alone makes the PC version the obvious choice, although the portability of the Vita is also nice.Some of the puzzles have been quite difficult, almost to the point of frustration, with you searching hard for that last piece that connects everything together, for some people that may a be a good thing or a bad thing.TL;DR, More Zero Escape. Yes good."
,Recommended,311240,24235056,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,slashgear29,There is a history where you don't play this game. Make sure you're not on that history.
,Recommended,311240,24193636,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Bears,"First and foremost:This is the third installment in the Zero Escape series.- 999: Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors, originally came out for the Nintendo DS- Virtue's Last Reward, originally came out for the Nintendo 3DS and VitaThey are however, going to get remastered editions that will be available for PC. Play those first or wait for the remasters before playing Zero Time Dilemma.For those that haven't played any of the games, here's an example used in the third game that I believe helps encapsulate one of this series' biggest themes:At the end of Back to the Future, Marty changes history and wakes up in another timeline where his father is successful and his family is rich. This is Future 2. But, Marty has no recollection of his life in this timeline, all of his memories are when he was poor or from Future 1; He's clearly not the Marty from Future 2, so what happened to the original Marty of this Future 2? Did Marty 1 completely replace the Marty of this new future? What if Marty from Future 2 had a girlfriend or has won contests? All those memories, accomplishments, and experiences are replaced as soon as Marty from Future 1 takes over. Does that mean Marty 2 is essentially killed? Murdered by Marty from Future 1? Where is the rich Marty from Future 2?I did my best to phrase this example, but one of the best things about this series is that it deals with time and space. It's quite a complex narrative.Overall, this game series is one of the most well written series ever created; masterfully crafted and beautifully interconnected across all three games, the story is a true spectacle to witness and experience. All three games feature great characters, difficult puzzles, amazing tension, haunting atmosphere, and of course, brilliant twists. This series is a masterpiece.As for the third game, it's charming, gut-wrenching, tear-jerking, and complex just like the others; it too delivers an amazing experience and narrative. It keeps you constantly wanting to know more, and the game truly delivers, as twists and turns are found aplenty. As a culmination of the events of the other two games, this is one damn fine crescendo for the series, with the dark themes and stakes being turned all the way up.This game is a true treat for fans and I highly recommend the series to newcomers.A GOOD♥♥♥♥♥GAME / 10A GOOD♥♥♥♥♥SERIES / 100"
76561198064844538,Recommended,311240,24292908,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,dreddfury,"As a big fan of both 999 and VLR Zero Time Dilemma was an auto-buy for me.When they announced the release for PC I didn't think twice to buy it on Steam for the overall better graphical experience which really shines in ZTD as opposed to its prequels it utilizes a much more cinematic approach. Also, with the PC release of 999 and VLR coming up no one has an excuse to not play this phenomenal series.Zero Time Dilemma keeps up the quality of its predecessors while mixing some things up. It's still the well-paced and refreshing alternation between story segments (this time fully voiced) and puzzle rooms. The puzzles are once again at that sweet spot between challenging but not too challenging. I did get stuck couple of times but never needed to consult a walkthrough.The story is again very captivating. Especially if you're into time travel, multi-verses and such. Only in a video game you can tell those kind of stories while at the same time making the player feel being a part of it by means of interaction.The english dubbing was a nice addition although I felt they didn't get it right all the time. There were some confusing translations which made some puzzles more difficult than intended. The voice actors though were generally solid.However, I will say that the flow chart that is used in ZTD similarly to VLR felt not quite as organic as in VLR. I think the AB-game from VLR fit this style better than this game's Decision Game. I often found myself just cycling through all outcomes to ""clear the chart"" whereas in VLR you were brought back to those decision points more naturally.The series is a must buy for anyone enjoying dark time travel stories and  high quality puzzles."
,Recommended,311240,24006614,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Xenobia Exe,"I wish I could rate this somwhere in the middle.As a big Zero Escape fan, it pains me to say that Zero Time Dilemma doesn't reach the greatness the previous two games did.In the previous games, the amount of intrigue and mystery led me to finish both games and attain all endings not long after I started, as I simply could not put the games down. I was so immersed, and needed to know what happened next.Unfortunately, there's not NEARLY enough mystery in Zero Time Dilemma. Most, if not all the plot twists and revelations were very predictable, and not once was I surprised by anything that happened. 999 and VLR (The previous games) did everything so much better.Some characters are likeable, and some are just brain-dead cardboard cutouts.Not all of it was bad though. Most of the puzzle rooms were very well done. Some had a good amount of challenge, whilst not being so difficult that you'd have to look up a guide. I DO wish there were more puzzle rooms though.The game WAS an enjoyable experience, so I won't be giving it a negative review, but I regret paying full price for it. I feel a £19.99 price tag would've been a lot more deserving.I do recommend this game to Zero Escape fans, but it'll be best to wait for a sale.And I DON'T recommend this game to people who have not played the previous games to completion. Big plot twists from 999 and VLR get spoiled within minutes of starting this game, and why would you start from the 3rd game in a story-focused series anyway?If you're waiting for a sale, but want to play a game similar to this, I recommend the Danganronpa games. They're developed by the same company as Zero Escape, and Danganronpa 2 is one of the best gaming experiences I've had in years (But obviously, play Danganronpa 1 first)."
,Recommended,311240,24026684,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ockess,"Play Zero Escape: 9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors and Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward before checking out this game.Pros:+Interesting story+Fragment system allows for your experience to differ from others'+Escape the room puzzles are very fun+Excellent English voice acting+Multiple endingsCons:-Poor animation in some cases (This did not bother me but it may bother others)-Weaker true ending as opposed to the previous games (This also did not bother me)Definitely a purchase if you've liked the other games, you will not be disappointed.8.5/10"
,Recommended,311240,23935689,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Spierek,"Play ""9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors"" and ""Virtue's Last Reward"" first, you'll come back and buy this game anyway."
,Recommended,311240,23945240,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,"Sort Yourself Out, Bucko","9 Almost Justifiable Reasons Why I Bought This Game on PC and 3DS:1) I'm an idiot2) I was too impatient for the June 28th release (see reason #1)3) I wanted a physical collection of all games on DS (see #1 again)4) I wanted to get the free bonuses on Steam5) I want to see the game in its highest graphical fidelity6) Games > Money (""Tu fui, ego eris"" My Wallet's last words)7) I'll take any excuse to play this game again (probably related to #1 also)8) Kotaro Uchikoshi is my based lord and savior and I will always support and praise him9) BACK OFF, GRANDPA"
,Recommended,311240,27325425,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Veridis,"First thing's first. Do not play this game unless you've played 999 and VLR, its pretty much neccessary or else you miss out and so much build up and plot gets hand waved away without informaing you. Luckily they will be out on steam soon too.Having played the first two games, at first you might not like it, you're jumping around people and events quite unlike what you're used to. The team amde of new characters seem unlikable and the favourite has changed substantially. But as you progress it all flows into a great story that begins to tie itself together and much of the plot threads of the series combine in a neat way. The puzzles fun and make more use of the environment I feel than the previous games, and the choices and branching storyline shine as they have done in the past.It feels like a the dark turn and conclusion of the series and I'd love to see more from it!"
76561198009220571,Recommended,311240,24097136,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,modreap,"Play 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors and Virtues Last Reward first, as this is the last in a 3 part series. (Eventually coming to Steam!)In short, a wonderful finale, and a wonderful series."
76561198042175087,Recommended,311240,26210947,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Dimensquare,"Highly recommended, make sure you play first 2 parts of the Zero Escape series first!"
,Recommended,311240,25827099,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Shroud3d,"Where does one even begin with something like this?First of all, this is a visual novel. Expect a lot of text and movies and fairly little gameplay. All the gameplay is in the form of dialogue decisions and 'escape rooms'. So clearly not a regular game already.Second, this game is the conclusion to the Zero Escape series and most of the story will not make sense without playing the first two games, 999 and Virtue's Last Reward.If you're somehow still interested after all this, you've got a real gem on your hands here. The story of this game is both more convoluted, more messed up, more ridiculous and more awesome than the previous two games (which I would say are already 'pretty out there'), it is also incredibly satisfying to figure everything out by yourself or with friends while streaming. The story even teaches you some fun historical facts that might interest you.And then there are the escape rooms. These are definitely easier than in 999 and VLR, but they are still so much fun to do and, again, satisfying to complete.The one downside is the way the story-branching of the game works. Since you probably want to learn everything once you're invested enough, the ""branching"" is not much of a choice anymore; you're going to check out all outcomes because you're curious. And rightly so, since there are some clever hidden endings hidden here and there as well.All in all, you're looking to enjoy about 20 hours of a really good book, since there's not so much a lot of gaming to be done here. But if you're into that sort of thing, go buy this immediately (but first play the other 2 games, you won't regret it)."
,Recommended,311240,23980264,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TheUntitled1,"Radical, 6 / 6"
,Recommended,311240,24440865,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Kasser,"Who is this game for?This game is for everyone who played the previous games (Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward and 999). It is a visual novel with multiple ""Escape Room Puzzles"". If you are into solving puzzles and living a rich story but haven't played 999/VLR then I recommend you to get them before getting this game. As of the time writing this, the previous games are on Nintendo 3DS and iPad. They will be ported to STEAM soon.The Good Things+ Rich thrilling story sequences that is able to maintain your interest to the end.+ The game is mostly voiced and animated in 3D. (During Escape Rooms, it is not voiced. However, little dialoug happen during these sequences).+ Where in 999 we had the Nonary Game, VLR had the Ambidex Game, ZTD version is called The Decision Game which gives new twists on what VLR has established.+ Awesome soundtracks and awesome returning picks from past games.The Bad- Production of this game was hurt because of limited resources. You will notice that the 3d animations (during the narrative mode) are very limited and sometimes weird. It is such a shame that we have games like ""Telltale's Game of Thrones"" or ""Beyond: Two Souls"" with expensive production values and average story work.- Camera control in the PC could have been done better.tl;drLove Zero Escape games? Buy it.Love puzzle/visual novels and didnt play Zero Escape before? Buy them all and play them in order."
,Recommended,311240,33044678,Posted: 30 June,all,Shadowstrafe,"+ Great Story+ Option for Japanese Voiceovers- Terribad cinematics- Wonky controls some of the time, cannot use memo on file pages. Real life notepad is recommended.Playing the previous 2 games in the Zero Escape series is a necessity for full enjoyment of this sequel, which are thankfully also available on steam as a single package.The Zero Escape series are Visual Novels with various Point-and-Click Escape the room puzzles scattered between story sections.The difference in artstyle between this and the second game in the series is just as drastic as the difference in artstyle between the first and second, although that is not necessarily a bad thing. You just get used to it after a while but it was definitely jarring for me immediately starting this game right after I finished Virtue's Last Reward.In Zero Time Dilemma, instead of sprites/models moving in and out of frame all story sections are complete CG animations. However the movements are pretty stiff and the lip syncing in the cinematics are the most atrocious I've seen on a game, even when I switched between English and Japanese voices. You will notice more than once characters speaking when their mouths are not even open.But after the first hour or so I was able to ignore these problems because I was just so enthralled by how good the story is!The ending was just as amazing as the first two games and I felt my jaw drop more than once playing through all the routes.Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,311240,24106079,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Green™,"WARNING: IF YOU THINK THIS GAME IS FOR YOU, PLAY THE PREVIOUS TWO GAMES FIRST.Imo, this game is on par with Virtues Last Reward. Thats all I need to say, anything more is spoiler territory."
76561198025159925,Recommended,311240,24120452,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Evakarian,I can't believe I'm living in the timeline where ZTD exists
76561198030717099,Recommended,311240,30524522,Posted: 15 March,all,lyre,"First of all, Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma is the third and the last installment in trilogy Zero Escape, which heavily relies on plot twists. You REALLY shouldn't play it before you've played other two games first, or you not only won't understand or feel complicity to much of the events and key scenes without knowing their background, you'll also will see lots of spoilers for those previous titles. It's not a big problem since first and second games are almost out in steam:http://store.steampowered.com/app/477740/Now, about ZTD - I liked it much. Combined with experience from all games of Zero Escape series, the last one provide tightly intertwined plot of mysteries which will reveal meanings of everything you thought was illogical of irrelevant and everything you haven't though of or haven't expected. You'll get lots of unpredictable turnarounds and twists where every detail from narrative to game design elements is thoroughly planned to fit into director's key ideas about overall plot.Characters are deep and well-written despite being a bit overly fantastic at times. I could say same about whole story too - it feels sometimes too implausible and caught within it's own paradoxes, through I could never tell that director did a bad job there. Maybe that's just my natural reaction to it's overcomplicated nature (which in the end allows some events with most powerful impact on player even happen to begin with). I ended deeply impressed and interested in almost every character from the story.Also, ZTD due to game fragmentary structure has most varying scenes and situations of all three games in the series, and those fragments are really interesting and very distinct from one and other.The first drawback here is game structure itself: choice system is not like you've accustomed to in Telltale or other interactive movie genre games. Although lots of hard choices and dilemmas are present, due to the game core principles and main idea you'll end up replaying choices and picking out another solutions to them over again, even those ones you really don't like and wanted to avoid (imagine you've tried so hard to prevent horrible and agonizing death of some character and now game forces you to replay the episode and allow that death happen).ZTD is weaker than it's predecessors in terms of puzzles which are easiest in the series, and will end up too early, leaving you with smth about 4 hrs interactive movie till the end. Some of them are really cool with unseen before features while some being sadly repetative and dull.Developers hadn't much funds so their first game not in VN-style but in interactive movies genre (or adventure, if you want) with lots of camera work, dynamic and animations - ZTD has visual drawbacks too. Guys were trying hard, but you'll still won't miss repetitive cameras, low graphics and poor animations. However, I got into the game and pass this drawback pretty quickly.It's also a shocking and sometimes gory experience, so take care.These sentences about drawbacks were warning for those, who could consider to buy this game or not. It was absolutely must play for me, and this game touched me to the heart in the end and I'm really recommending it to all Zero Escape series fans, Kotaro Uchikoshi really did amazing job here. Again, if you haven't played previous installments in series, they are absolute must play BEFORE this last one."
,Recommended,311240,24965788,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Yoshi,"It's hard to overstate how well written this game is.  My only issue at all is that I got to a point near the end where it showed X/X for every fragment and yet I hadn't unlocked some paths due to the way scenes randomly played out.  I had to replay a few choices and make the same one again to trigger the rest of the paths.  Other than that, the puzzles were mostly great, the story was better, and I'm completely torn as to whether Zero Escape or Danganronpa is king of the visual novels.  I guess that makes Spike Chunsoft a winner either way.  ""We might in the history God abandoned."""
,Recommended,311240,32478422,Posted: 16 June,all,Seasoned Wanderer,"Good ending to the series though there are some things in the story I want to know about. But in regards to the game, it was good. Not as good as VLR or 999 but still good.The animation is clunky, music is good, characters pretty decent (I do like most of them and they grew on me but took a bit longer for some), story is great, and overall it is about an 7.5/10 for this entry. Mainly cause the animation and 'telltale' style made it more restricting? If that makes sense. I just prefer the point and click visual novels that the others had."
,Recommended,311240,23931965,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DeckeЯ,Zero Escape : Zero Discount
76561198060448113,Recommended,311240,24394459,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Alcor576,"Some people chose not to buy this game.Life is simply unfair, don't you think?"
,Recommended,311240,33432101,Posted: 10 July,all,Dels Kibara,This game is most definitely underrated.It's an amazing end to an amazing series.I honestly wish this series has more recognition like DR.Spike.You've outdone yourself. Once again.
,Recommended,311240,29751471,Posted: 6 February,all,Vincent Tangerine,"*Finally, time to find out how the Zero Escape saga ends!""*Starts game*Red or Blue?""Err... Blue""*Rolls credits""Waited literally years for this. 10/10. Had a good laugh."
,Recommended,311240,26340276,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,kiich,"In every single way I believe that I could say that Zero Time Dilemma is the worst game in the series, but to be honest it would be really hard to keep the quality of its precedents and while ZTD isn't better than 2009's 999: 9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors and the following 2011's Virtue's Last Reward it is really, really good!  I'll keep this recommendation spoiler free but it must be said right now that you shouldn't play this game without playing the other two before.Technically speaking I should be honest and just say that it would be hard to get worse than it is. Going against the visual novel style the previous games had, it adopts interactive cinematics, sort of simulating the recent Telltale hits like The Walking Dead, Wolf Among Us and et cetera. I truly believe this was the worst possible choice the director could have made. We all know that the Zero Escape series isn't really rentable and the simple fact that this game was made is almost a miracle. The production value must have been low and it really transpires in these cinematics. The animation is really, really sloppy and most of the action happens off-screen and those that doesn't really look terrible, almost making me wish the game wasn't animated at all because the 3D models of the characters doesn't really look that bad. Not only that but one of the ways you could experience Uchikochi's writing brilliance was through the way he would use the main character to describe action and scenes with details and it all was lost to some badly executed cinema tricks with crappy animation. I was already against the 3D models and animations on Virtue's Last Reward because the series would be far more visually appealing if they had just kept the 2D aspects of 999. Life is simply unfair, isn't?So, now that I've put aside all the bad stuff I had about the game I must talk about the the good ones: the plot. It may look not worth for some people after reading my rant about the animation but if you're into Zero Escape, the plot is pretty much all you want in the game and every other thing is banal.I must start with the cast, that is really diversified and less Danganronpa-ish design and plot wise. The character design made sure you got some information through the way the characters look and some of them are misleading. Like before in the series, not everything is clear about the participants in the Decision Game and discovering about them is really interesting. I must say though that twice they pulled old plot cards about the characters and it didn't hit like before.As a sequel Zero Time Dilemma delivers good shout outs to the last two games and it finishes the arc created in Virtue's Last Reward in a way that almost all points meet ends. Through the middle of the game until the end it got me really hooked. It is good to see old friends again and the new cast is better than VLR's (Dio, Quark and Alice kinda sucked to be honest).Oh, good thing I told you people about the beginning of the game because I didn't quite like it. The game now works with fragments that are all out of order so before stuff start making sense you might feel lost but please, persist. Like pretty much everything in the series things usually have some meaning to them.It is quite dumb to recommend the last iteration in a series, if you played the first two you are going to play this anyway but I really felt like writing this because I'm really passionate about Zero Escape and had to express my opinion about the series ""end"".I hope everyone enjoy Zero Time Dilemma like I did!Seek a way out."
,Recommended,311240,24223705,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Superkao47,"If you like Dramatic Science Fiction Thriller Mysteries, with a story that'll keep you on the edge of your seat and plot twists that'll make you audibly say ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥"", then DO NOT buy this game.PLAY THE PREQUELS.This is the third game in the Zero Escape series, with the prequels being ""Zero Escape: Nine Doors, Nine Persons, Nine Hours (999), and Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward"".Currently Zero Escape 1: 999 is on Nintendo DS only, but there is a PC remaster currently in development and should be coming to Steam at some point in the future.Zero Escape 2: Virtue's Last Reward is currently exclusive to the 3DS and PS Vita, and there are also plans to remaster it for PC and should be coming to Steam as well.Most people say that it is heavily suggested that you play the prequels first, but I say screw that. You MUST play the prequels before playing Zero Time Dilemma. Each game builds off its predecessor, and Zero Time Dilemma will ruin the prequels if it's played first.The Zero Escape series is one fantastic ride, but it should be experienced in order. If you have some way to play the prequels first, play them and then play Zero Time dilemma. If not, please wait for the prequel PC ports that will come in the future."
,Recommended,311240,23996687,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,⑨ ChocolateMystia,"Doesn't answer some of the questions long time fans had, nor delivers what most expected, but it's still a really good game. It manages to both have it's own story and wrap up the previous two games with a satisfying enough conclusion. The puzzles range from some of the best in the series to a few dull, repetitive and overused ones. As a last criticism, and one probably everyone notices right away, the graphics and animation are nothing to write home about, but ultimately don't keep what's one of the best stories in gaming from coming through and being enjoyable.That said, I highly suggest you buy/play 999 and VLR first, either on DS/3DS/Vita, or the upcoming PC ports before delving into this one to fully enjoy it."
,Recommended,311240,25830733,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,"Wymar ""Why me?"" Sane",Won the game in 5 minutes because of a lucky guess I made. 10/10
,Recommended,311240,24116744,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kirby,"Upon reaching the credits, a message saying that this game was meant for the fans, and without them, the project wouldn't have even existed. After experiencing this, it definitely and genuinely felt that way, and mastermind Uchikoshi did a wonderful job in wrapping the Zero Escape trilogy up.I felt like this game had a constrained budget and had to do what it could given the dramatic direction that they wanted to pull for this. The TellTale-like, full cinema narrative ended up as quite engrossing, but still rough around the edges. When models are a bit constrained to samey lip-syncing and paired up with all-too convenient camera obscuring angles, it sometimes comes off as a bit cheesy. In the end it still was pretty awesome though.However, that narrative style really shows how much the game, and even the entire trilogy, just loves committing information dumps, as tiring as it can get. Due to the new structure, this game refrains from doing it as much, but it's almost to a very, very draining point.From a personal perspective, I keep finding that Uchikoshi relies on the same tropes and concepts throughout all his writing, so it kind of leaves me less excited or even easily predictable. However, I still enjoyed the ride, and his perspective to address the visual novel or choose-your-adventure medium is fascinating. I do enjoy how much this game builds up on both of the previous installments' points and moments, which makes it even more essential to read 999 and VLR.But fans coming into this, and it's important since it really MAKES the experience to have read 999 and VLR --- if you're a fan, this conclusion to the trilogy is going to be very satisfying. With references to Back to the Future, Doctor Who, all the fanservice plug-ins, and tying the most vexing cliffhangers from before up, you'll be happier than one snug, Funyarinpa in a rug."
,Recommended,311240,23932391,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Boarnett,"As a preface, I'd HIGHLY recommend you play the first two games in the series before giving this a try. While ZTD can be played as a standalone title, you'll be missing out on a lot of crucial information and you won't enjoy it to its maximum potential.Another hit in the Zero Escape series which has yet to have a bad (or even mediocre) title. The overall premise is similar to the two previous games: 9 people are stuck in an underground bunker, where they are forced by the antagonist (a peculiar geezer named Zero) to play a game ('the nonary game' in the previous titles, 'the decision game' in ZTD). For each person that dies, a password will be obtained for the X Door, which when provided with 6 passwords, will open and result in freedom for whoever opened it (and whoever passes through in the ten seconds after). This is the basic premise, but the story goes MUCH deeper than this and anyone who has played a Zero Escape title beforehand will understand what I'm saying.I've personally already completed the 3DS version of ZTD, so I can say with absolute certainty that the story is great. My only criticism comes in the form of the games ending. Without spoiling anything, I believe that if this was meant to be the conclusion to the series, they have left the ending a little open ended (I'm hesitant to call sequel-bait, but it's a distinct possibility). This may result in another game in the series being released (which I'd love), but based on the wait many fans have had to endure for ZTD, it's a distinct possibility that another may not be made. Don't let this put you off, however - the journey through the entire game itself is incredible and it's on par with the previous titles (which are also held in a very high regard by most people who have played them). Some of the plot twists will blow your mind!In terms of gameplay, there's not really a lot I can say. The game consists of a mixture of visual novel elements along with 'escape the room' style puzzles, with a large flowchart full of branching decisions. The game handles this in a very unique and interesting way, however, allowing you to jump between fragments of the timeline, not actually knowing where they place until they're completed. This allows you to jump right into whichever fragment you desire, and play the game in whatever order you choose.The PC port is absolutely fantastic, and I have been getting consistent 60FPS at 1080p with full antialiasing with an antique GTX 650 and AMD-4170fx rig. The animations may be a little jarring occasionally, but the voice acting more than makes up for this.Overall, Zero Time Dilemma is a fantastic entry into the series and I'd highly recommend buying it ASAP. Do yourself a favour, and play the first two though. You'll never regret it."
76561198006978650,Recommended,311240,26191247,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Dustorm,If a game could ever be described as a page-turner this would be it.
,Recommended,311240,24332004,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ChrizNuh,"I really enjoyed this third installment, but it won't make make a lot of sense unless you've played 999: 9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors and Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward. I strongly and passionately encourage people to play those games if you haven't already, they're teeming with tantalising mysteries, mind-bending puzzles, and heart-breaking plot twists.10/10, would get killed an infinite amount of possible times again!"
,Recommended,311240,23940906,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Billy Bat,- 0% off on summer sale.- saw the credits 10 minutes after I started9.9/10 must havewould have given it a 10/10 but there was a snail on my keyboard
,Recommended,311240,24270219,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,BobFish,YES!!!! Please get this but play both 999 and Virtue's Last Reward first otherwise you'll ruin the experience.
,Recommended,311240,24066783,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,fleur,"My feelings about this game are very complex. On one hand, I enjoyed it very much and found that its flaws didn't really dampen the experience as a whole for me. On the other, I can't really give it an unconditional recommendation.Let me start off by saying that if you are already a fan of the Zero Escape series, you've already played and finished this game - so really, what are you looking in the reviews for now? If you are considering whether to get into the series, the answer is that of course you should - go play 999 and VLR right now!As for ZTD itself, it is not without its issues. The good, however, is very good - (mostly) good characters with complex motivations, an interesting plot full of timey wimey and quantum theory bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ The story is not perfect by any means; some plot elements are wavering near asspull territory, and some characters lack sufficient characterization, development or a reason to be in the story. The way the story is framed and presented is on the whole very innovative, as the story is told in independent fragments that can (and often must) be played out of order, taking advantage of the medium to tell a story that wouldn't have necessarily worked as a film or book. At some points, you need to do some unintuitive stuff in order to progress the plot, which you wouldn't necessarily know unless someone else told you, and there's a few moments of tedium through the course of the game, but on the whole, the writing and presentation are pretty good - I wish there was bit more banter and fleshing out, and that the story was a bit more meaty on the whole, but on the whole I would say that it's a good and fitting conclusion to the trilogy that I enjoyed greatly.Now, I have two big qualms with the game. The first is mostly technical - I've had to deal with constant bugs and crashes throughout the whole thing. The interface is clearly designed with a controller in mind and few concessions towards M/KB input - it does work and I played through the whole game in this fashion, but you still can't rebind keys, input text through your keyboard (you instead use your mouse to press keys on your screen), or even get M/KB button prompts - it's all Xbox controller stuff, and you don't even have a helpful guide as to which key does what besides trial and error. While not really a technical issue, it must be said that the animations are just plain awful. It's not really a deal breaker, but everything looks cheap at best and comical at worst (or is it the other way around?) The models themselves are rather pretty and well made, a few low-res textures aside, and the environments are completely acceptable (with the same caveat). Unlike others, I haven't had any framerate issues, but given the bugs and crashes, I don't know if that's enough to recommend this version of the game over the 3DS or Vita versions (which I have not played.)My second big issue is that Carlos will never be real.Altogether, I give this game a solid 8.5/10."
,Not Recommended,311240,25972832,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,aidanellerker,"**NOTE: SPOILERS**Hm.I really hate saying this, but ZTD left a bad taste in my mouth. I thought 999 was a stellar game, and although VLR wasn't as good in my mind, it was still great in its own right. However, it seems like a lot of puzzling creative decisions were made for ZTD, losing what made the other games special.To get surface level stuff out of the way, the presentation is poor. The switch from classic visual novel static-models-and-text-boxes to fully animated cutscenes was a bold move, but it ultimately didn't pay off. I understand that the team working on this game had a tight budget, but it doesn't excuse laughable, janky animation and terrible lip syncing. A better alternative would have been to stick with what worked in the previous two games. Also, sound design left much to be desired; sound effects were very poor. In fact, the sound effects might not have been jarring in a traditional visual novel format, but the juxtaposition of animated cutscenes and garbage audio clips was annoying. As far as the OST is concerned, Hosoe's work is great as always.""But,"" I hear you say. ""This is a visual novel after all, so none of the above should be a huge problem as long as the story impresses, right?"" And you would be right in saying that, except the writing in this game is a huge letdown. See, in 999 the story was grounded - the pseudoscientific, out-there plot points were limited tothe morphogenetic field and a little bit of time loop screwery. And I thought those plot points were great. However, too many cooks spoil the broth. With each subsequent iteration of the series, Uchikoshi (director and lead writer) tries to one up the last, adding more and more crazy plot points as if it makes the game better somehow. In ZTD, there'stime loops, timeline jumping, teleportation, MIND HACKING, 4th wall breaking?, and more. Christ, I feel like I'm watching one of those bad soap operas where the evil twin brother comes back from the dead to have sex with the main characters' wife (and don't worry, there are plenty of ""Suprise! I'm related to you!"" moments in the game). It all comes off as contrived and unnecessary. From this muddled plot comes a few plot holes that were enough to take me out of the game as well as a bunch of unanswered questions that the first two games set up. When I'm playing a game like this, I like to have a notepad I fill with questions I have about the plot in the hopes I can cross them out when they are revealed. Needless to say, there were many things in that notebook that weren't crossed out, either by the plot omitting them entirely or simply not explaining them all that well. Oh, and don't forget aboutDelta's   C O M P L E X   M O T I V E S.Furthermore, in the previous games, the characters would talk about studies or other little stories that would play into the plot as a whole (think Ice9 or Schrodinger's cat). In ZTD, the stories were there as philosophical thought experiments, which I really, really enjoyed, but they never really played into the plot.In the end, I don't think this game was worth my time. If you have played the previous games, there is nothing I can do to stop you from buying this (these games have this effect on people), but I just wanted to get my thoughts out there. I highly recommend Uchikoshi's other Zero Escape games, but I just cannot recommend this travesty."
,Recommended,311240,30000430,Posted: 17 February,all,milo0221,"This game is amazing. I loved this series and i feel like this was a fitting end of the series! The game was very unique in how you have to start off in different random ""fragments: in the game. I originally didnt like this idea but i later found myself intrigued by it. I feel like the only reason why someone wouldnt like the game would be because of the Animations or the Ending however, i had no problem with these two things. (Also an amazing soundtrack). I only suggest that you dont play this game if you havnt played the other two games. The story will make sense however some things wont be as impactful and different parts of the story might seem shoe horned in if you havnt played the previous two game."
,Recommended,311240,31148943,Posted: 14 April,all,Xarai,"Not as good as the previous two games in the franchise. The decision to use cutscenes instead of the standard visual novel format was good in places, but overall just didn't sit quite right. This is because you don't get in the mind of a single playable character, you feel seperate, as though you are an omnipotent force guiding groups rather than just one person. That takes away from character engagement.That all said, the game itself is good, it just isn't as good as the other two.In and of itself it is still enjoyable. The scenario is intriguing and keeps you interested for most of the game. New people to the series will enjoy this more than those who have played the other 2."
,Recommended,311240,32758932,Posted: 24 June,all,retsmot,"this is not as good as the first 2 games, but it still somehow wraps things up, abeit not cleanly.do not buy this if you've yet to accomplish the nonary games. if you have, why do you need a review to buy it?my most major gripe with this 3rd installment, is that it chose to play like a telltale game instead of a visual novel, this was, IMHO, a big mistake."
,Recommended,311240,29575640,Posted: 29 January,all,Shoji,"It's alright, but it definitely wasn't the GRAND ENDING I was hoping for. The first two games were amazing and brilliant and I look back on them wishing that I could play them through again for the first time, but this game was just.. okay. Not terrible or horrible, but no where near as amazing as the first two games, in my opinion.A little disappointing to be perfectly honest, but still. It was alright."
,Recommended,311240,28829033,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bubblebum,"About six months ago or so I was recommended 999 (the first game in the series) by a couple of friends at work, and having now played through both 999 and Virtues Last reward pretty much back to back (on my 3DS), I can whole heartedly say that I was dying to see the conclusion of the story in Zero Time Dilemma.And now, having just finished the game, I can definately recommend this series. But YOU NEED TO PLAY THE PRECEDING GAMES! It is absolutely obligatory for you to glean any enjoyment from the story! So if you are curious about this game because of it being a puzzle game/visual novel, stay away! Wait for the PC version of 999 and Virtues Last Reward, they are slated to come out in March 2017 on steam, so please, wait until then! Alternatively you can hunt down a 999 cart online, you can run it in a New 3DS no problem, and Virtues Last Reward is available on the nintendo E-shop as a downloadble title.So first! Buy and play 999, if you like it; move on to Virtues Last Reward. ONLY after finishing those two, play Zero Time Dilemma. It's a fantastic series! With a pretty damn good story, with a quality set of puzzles set in a pretty damn original setting.Only three issues:1. There is a metric craptonne of semi-believable psuedo science and as such big helping of disbelief-suspension will be required. Saying more than that would be saying to much however.2. While 999 was a pretty good looking DS game, and Virtues Last Reward was fine looking on the 3DS, Zero Time Dilemma can be pretty damn off-putting with it's presentation.3. It is certainly the weakes entry into the series, it is good, and ties up the loose ends, But the game feels unpolished, and some of the plot points are a little contrived in my oppinion.All in all, a damn fine game. Pretty ugly, but a damn fine game."
,Recommended,311240,23939236,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Iclucian Dance,"I missed Zero Escape so much, and so far this is everything I wanted from a series finale.Play 999 and VLR first, obviously.I'm not going to write too much, but let's just say:In 2011, 999 was the first game that I ever pulled an all-nighter playing.In 2013, VLR was the first game that kept me glued to my seat all day.ZTD is here."
,Recommended,311240,31737248,Posted: 13 May,all,Lemmingbomb,this game is the reason i became a firefighter
,Recommended,311240,24122660,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,tarnation weebo,"It was an amazing game. It's definitely worth playing ( Only if the first and second game are already played. ) Some people say that it's not worth it, but I honestly thought the game had so so much detail put into it, which makes the game's writing all the more genius and creative. Wonky animations and average voice acting? Never bothered me in the first place, some story points really has a deep, emotional impact on you and how well it delivers that. It may not be as great as the other games, but still great nonetheless. It's not a bad game.(Also keep in mind that this game wasn't kickstarted, it was made under a preset budget because the last two games didn't sell as well in japan.)"
76561198055338667,Recommended,311240,33801147,Posted: 25 July,all,Majima Jeff,"You're either going to love this game or hate it. Be warned that you cannot play ZTD without first completing both 999 and VLR in that order.ZTD is a very different direction for the series. It doesn't play like a traditional VN, it's more of a Telltale style--a really low budget TT game.I don't put that lightly. This game has horrendous models that make VLR's look good by comparison, and it also has the most stilted, stiff, and just downright terrible animation I think I have ever seen in a game this popular. It looks absolutely awful. As for the voice acting, it's hit and miss. It's servicable overall but it's not as good as VLR's. Nearly every escape puzzle is terrible in ZTD as well. There's a couple interesting ideas here and there, but the game feels a need to make every room feel like a scavenger hunt. Unlike VLR where the puzzles were consistently challenging and logical, ZTD tends to present solutions that will either warrant a reaction of ""oh, come on!"" or ""how in the hell was I supposed to know that?!""ZTD's puzzles are not hard. They work almost exclusively in a manner where the most challenging part is finding wherever the hell Zero decided to hide every piece you need. If a puzzle seems impossible, it's simply because it is. However, unlike in VLR where characters would tell you when you were wasting your time and didn't have enough clues, ZTD's cast is often as oblivious as you are, resulting in indefinite times of trial and error. You'll often become irritated not because you weren't smart enough to figure out a simple solution, but because that answer was hidden away in some corner you wouldn't have considered to look in. As someone who disliked most of 999's puzzles and adored VLR thoroughly, these are the worst puzzles in the entire Zero Escape series by a landslide.So, why am I recommending this game that I'm tearing to shreds?Because once you pass all of the lackluster escapes, preferably with a spoiler-free guide such as this onehttp://www.thonky.com/zero-time-dilemma/you are in for one hell of a story. That's all I can say without getting into spoiler details.Overall, ZTD has a fantastic story that will surprise you several times, and it's safe to say that it will stick with you long after you've completed it. Just look past the terrible presentation and the awful puzzles."
,Recommended,311240,34588769,Posted: 29 August,all,Bahadir,"Life is simply unfair, don't you think?My motives... are complex.Yeah, you can finish the game in 10 minutes.I took longer... because I'm the snail"
,Recommended,311240,34668686,Posted: 1 September,all,Funa,"First things first, Zero Time Dilemma is the third entry in the Zero Escape series, and you need to play the other 2 games in order to understand this one properly, with that said, let's continue.Zero Time Dilemma is by far the worst of the three games, but that does not mean it's bad, it's just not as good as the others, but that's on a story point of view, personally, i prefer the storytelling mechanic on this game (movie like, something similar to a telltale game) than the storytelling mechanics on the other games (text based), i think it makes the characters look more human and makes the story less monotone. I also think most of the puzzles on this game were better than most of the puzzles on the other games (of course, there are exceptions), i think that because the puzzles on this one are more about decifrating codes and finding passwords than doing math based minigames (nothing wrong with that, i just think it got very annoying in the other games). There's also one important thing that differs this game from the others, the story is not told in a linear way, you play through fragments and later you find out what actually happened and how these fragments matched with other fragments, initially i hated this, i thought it was confusing and ruined the storytelling, but as i continued playing, i noticed it's not that bad, mainly when things start to make sense.So, after all, what makes this one worst than the other ones? Well, i'll start by stating that the story is overall weaker than in the other 2 games, but that isn't so much of a problem, because it's still rather interesting, what i actually disliked a lot about this game were the poorly made plot twists near the end, don't get me wrong, there are some plot twists in this game that turns the other 2 games around, but mainly the final 2 ones, involving the mastermind and his ""complex motives"" that are NEVER entirely explained, i won't spoil it for you, but it does ruin the experience a little bit.Well, so in conclusion, the game is weaker than the other 2, but not bad, and if you played the other 2 and want to finish the story, you totally should play this."
,Recommended,311240,24004228,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,HWECQI,"The finale to the fantastic Zero Escape franchise is here, and it's actually on PC! I will kinda break this review down into two parts, one talking about the game as a port, and the other talking about the game itsself. Before I go into it however, I must stress that you will get the MOST enjoyment out of this game if you have played 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors on the DS or iOS and Virtue's Last Reward on the PSVita or 3DS. Those games are fantastic, and while you can play this game without having played those, the payoff is most rewarding if you've stuck through the whole series. Also this will basically spoil the previous two games, so that's something else to keep in mind.So, first I'll talk about how ZTD is as a PC port. My summary of it is.... it's good. It's nothing extraordinary, but for me it worked perfectly fine and looked nice, at least for being basically a straight port of the Vita version. You get a decent number of graphic options, like multiple kinds of anti aliasing, motion blur, and different screen modes including Borderless Windowed mode. There's not really any adjustment for the actual textures or anything and you cannot rebind keys which is a bummer, but fortunately this game is mostly point and click style, so there's not really much you'd need to change unless you really are gungho about using your keyboard for it. Do keep in mind that this is a game that was originally meant for a handheld with a much smaller screen, so if textures look low resolution, its because they are. It won't be anything offensive graphically, but don't expect something that will blow you away with its PC visuals. It does have controller support which works pretty nice and to me made it a bit more enjoyable, so that is something to consider as well. But overall, decent port.Now with the port talk out of the way, let's talk about the game itsself. As someone who's been into this series since the first game, I am very happy to say that this was a fantastic conclusion to the series. It wraps up pretty much every loose end left in the series, expands on some things left from previous games, and shakes your core and surprises you just as much as the previous games did, if not more. It does a lot of things differently versus previous games too. They chose to ditch the standard visual novel playstyle, and instead go with cutscenes that are more akin to something like the walking dead. This makes it more enjoyable for someone who prefers something more cinematic. There's only really one drawback to this however, and it's that the animations are.... well, crap. They look pretty stiff and bad, action scenes are pretty stilted and characters feel like planks a lot of the time. Fortunately for the game however, it's more than made up for with the presentation and the writing. The tension of the scenes, the cinematography, and the music all allow you to look past the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animation and get immersed all the same. It says a lot that there were moments in the game that were able to terrify me or make me disgusted despite the animations. There's also some complaints that you could make about the English dub, as the vocal performances really do seem to range in quality. However, I played the game with the Japanese audio, which was pretty spot on the whole time. So, that's something to keep in mind.Now as much as the story is important to the series, what's even more important is  the way you progress through it and the puzzles you encounter as you play. The game has retained a similar flowchart and node system from Virtue's Last Reward while adding some new twists. You can still easily jump to individual scenes and decisions, preventing the need to save scum and waste your time replaying the whole game. What's different here though is two things, the first being that some of the outcomes are actually randomized. I was really worried that this would make going through the choices and branching paths more tedious, but fortunately it does not get in the way too much. It actually helps add some drama and tension to decisions you'd normally just make on a whim to get through all the paths. The other big difference is that the story is delivered to you out of order through various nodes in time for each of the three protagonists. As you play, you will fill out the global flowchart and be able to piece together the chronology of events. This is done very smoothly, as I was able to very clearly and easily piece it all together and make sense of story. That isn't to say the story is simple, it's very complicated as you would expect from these kind of games, but it's smartly written, well paced, and everything mostly ends up making sense in the end. As for the puzzles, there's really not much I can say about them that would be new, they seem to be just as good and challenging as they were in previous games, though I maybe would have liked some more puzzles to progress through overall, as I feel there was a distinct shortage of them. Not that I mind much though, cuz the story's pacing might have been damaged if more were added. But if you like puzzle games, you will probably enjoy these puzzles. I do recommend keeping a pen and paper handy though, cuz while the memo function works nice, you'll get tons of information taht you'll wanna keep track of.Overall, I am very happy to say that this is the finale that I was hoping for, and I think anyone who is a fan of this series will leave very satisfied and happy. It might even be enjoyable to for new players, since the game is designed to welcome new players. However I must stress yet again, if you can play the previous two games, definitely give them a try. You will be happy you did"
76561197989990554,Recommended,311240,30701835,Posted: 24 March,all,Ainsley_Animal,"If you've played 999 and VLR you will definitely like this game. The game is a continuation of a series of masterpieces, but I didn't like all the decisions they made. I have no idea why they changed from the visual novel style to these♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics with horrible animations, which take a lot of the drama out of the game (the dangerous moments in the earlier titles felt more real). That's the only gripe I had with this game.Not as good as 999 and VLR, but still a masterpiece of writing and ideas."
76561198027994280,Recommended,311240,24467409,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Ismaru,"I loved this game, just like it's predecessors. I'm not a fan of visual novels overall but this game really stands out a lot.Pro'sAmazing story. Really.This alone is reason enough to buy this game already. It'sthatgood. It wrapped up the series in a really satisfying manner.A good change of pace between gameplay elements (escape rooms) and story elements.Just when you think you know some things, the game throws you a curveball to get you off-balance. But in a good way; it's not like suddenly crazy weird stuff happens (and no ""I woke up and it was all just a dream"" here), it's actually incredibly well thought out and seems to always be two steps ahead.You really need to use your brains and think on some puzzles or story fragments, for example if you need to give an answer to an open-ended question. It brings about great discussions and theories as to why and how things are happening that you don't know (yet).You can actually play this game without having played the other games.Don't get me wrong: there are definitely nudges and winks towards the other games, but if there's significant information, they'll actually explain it in this game aswell. Note that you do sort of spoil some things that happen in the other games, but I wouldn't say it's massive plot twists that would make playing the other games unnessecary. I played this with my partner that didn't play the other games and yet we both knew about the same at the same moments. In fact, we look forward to the PC ports of the other games! :)The game features violence and blood, but you never see actual extreme gore. I thought it was a good balance between being scary but not frighteningly much to divert your attention from the story.ConsA big story element is that there are 3 teams. That's not really an issue by itself, but the story is further divided into fragments that you can watch individually. I didn't really know where to start and most things made no sense at all. All in all it gave a rough start. Later on when you've played some more fragments, things start to make more sense though.Sometimes you can get stuck in the various timelines and you simply don't know what to do. The main timeline isn't always clear enough to show you what options you have left.I can't mention enough how good the story of this game was. It reminded me of the ""Saw"" movies, with less gore and a lot better story. I'm really glad I've played this series and I think it's one of the best games I've ever played story-wise. I couldn't recommend it any more than that. If you have the patience to appreciate a good story, definitely consider picking this up!Was this review useful to you?Please check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198035559542,Recommended,311240,24727602,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Hyakuya,"First of all: I haven't played 999 and Virtue's Last Reward and in my opinion it's not necessary to understand and enjoy this great plot!In Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma, you accompany nine deep and interesting persons , which are imprisoned in a shelter deep down under earth, tested and tortured by a stranger with a plague mask namend Zero in a cinematic-like experience.He forms three teams. Team C under the lead of Carlos, the firefighter, Team D, which is lead by the nurse Diana and Team Q, represented by a little kid with a giant orb on his head,  simply namend Q. You navigate this three persons through several rooms prepared by the killer. In each room you will fight many secrets and, at the end, you will face the killers Decision Game itself, which you might not survive...or your allies....or probably both.The decisions you make are really hard and make oneself really feel uneasy.  You can navigate through different timelines and it can be hard to not loose overview. The map helps here quite a lot!Each character is deep, two-faced and quite sympathetic. While you know each characters better and better, you wish truly they escape and survive.  Especially the mysterious kid Q, Eric the ice cream bar seller and Phi and Junpei, who are extremly ironic really become dear heart.The animation is not that good due to financial problems and could be better, but the dubbing and the cinematic perspective are simply great. I've never made this much screenshots of a game before! Also, the soundtrack is very fitting, especially the sad or the sinister melodies. You should be able to understand english for playing this...or japanese.The plot is a little confusing at first, but you can figure out on yourself, whats going on and how many things matches and relate to each other, so it is not necessary to play the first two games.I think this game isn't everyone's thing, but if you're kind of a tinkerer or if you like to investigate, I'm sure you won't be disappointet."
,Recommended,311240,24128440,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,-=Cloud Windfoot Omega=-,"Game takes the impovements made in ZE:VLR and rolls with them in an even better story. Not reccomended to people who have not played 9 hours, 9 persons, 9 doors and then ZE:VLR.Although it was meant to reveal all, it still left quite a few holes unfilled.THe longer you play the more enjoyable it is as it unfolds its story infront of you. Playing it it will feel like you yourself have Zero time, because up until you beat it time will just fly. I found myself playing for 10+ hour sessions. i usualyl dont play for more than a few hours per game!"
,Recommended,311240,23938739,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Azyria,"This game is awesome, as a fan of Zero Escape i have no problems with this game. its even better then the last game so far. if you are a fan of puzzle games, horror, visual novels, you need to try the zero escape series"
76561198269067912,Recommended,311240,23955996,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ronin,Do not play this game until you have played 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors and Virtue's Last Reward.
,Recommended,311240,23939641,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,GaimeGuy,"I am currently playing through the 3DS copy of Zero Time Dilemma.999 and Virtue's Last Reward are some of the greatest pure experiences I've ever had in any medium (book, video game, movie, anime, whatever).    Zero Time Dilemma is shaping up to be the same way.     If you're looking for an open-world experience, this is not it.  If you're looking for tight gameplay mechanics ala Super Meat Boy or Mario, this is not it.What you get from the Zero Escape series is an incredible journey, a series of interactive novels with room-escape puzzle segments.    The games take full advantage of the interactive nature of video games to tell stories that are both fantastical and intimate.    You will wonder just what in the world is going on at times, but bit by bit, piece by piece, the story of each individual title comes together.And then the games take everything you've learned and proceed blow your mind with it.These games are experiences I will cherish for the rest of my life.   If you take this journey yourself, you absolutely must do everything in your power to play them in order:  999, then VLR, then ZTD.     You absolutely must do everything in your power to NOT read spoilers about the characters or plot points - this includes looking up  random wiki profiles on the characters, since you may accidentally stumble across spoilers in a page title or hyperlink.999 is available for the Nintendo DS and makes full usage of the device.  A stripped down version of 999 which removes the puzzle sequences from the game, as well as the Nintendo DS elements is available on IOS.   Virtue's Last Reward is available on the 3DS and Playstation Vita -   both versions are the same, although the 3DS version contains a save-corrupting bug which can be avoided as long as you save only during the story sequences (not the puzzle sequences).Both titles are reportedly going to be coming to Steam, so for those of you who  haven't been exposed to this series yet, if you wait a while, you should be able to experience the complete series on your PCs.  Trust me when I say you don't want to play the games out of order.   Because once you do,  you've had earlier titles spoiled for you, and there's no turning back from that.   You will have missed out on the once-in-a-lifetime experiences of the earlier title(s).Enjoy the music.    Connect with the characters.    Take in the stories.   Scratch your head on the puzzles.   It's one hell of a journey.Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go back to playing this game."
,Recommended,311240,24045715,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,crazyLoudmouth,"No spoiler hereZero Time Dillema, the third installment in the Zero Escape series.After playing 999 (the first one) and Virtue's Last Reward (the second one) I was very hyped to see the final of this serie.VLR was the one who completely blew my mind and I was expecting the same for ZTD.So did it blew my mind?No.So you must ask yourself why this review is positive.Well the game isn't bad at all, it is actually great. I loved the characters, the puzzles were great, the story stays awesome, etcThe only thing that I am disapointed of is the final and the revelations.Unlike VLR, you pretty much expect them except for some.So should you buy this game? I would say, not if you didn't played 999 and VLR first.Hopefully they may get to Steam in a near future.You could still play it without the first games but it would spoil you those ones, and it would be a shame since they are so great.And if you played them, well go ahead and play this one, just don't expect to get surprised as much as in 999 and VLR."
,Recommended,311240,24025700,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Genetic Drift,"It's hard to say whether or not I really do reccomend this game. In a vacuum I'd be obligated to say I like it, but as the conclusion to one of my favorite game series of all time, I felt a little let down. The character interactions and drama were overall great, but the wrap up just didn't feel satisfying. The puzzles were okay, but for the most part very easy. The characters often attempted to spoil the puzzles for me, but were too late, I had figured it out before they said anything. I only had one puzzle where I really had to sit and think about it. Overall I'd say the game is a 7/10 and despite being held back for newcomers, really should be played after playing the other 2."
,Recommended,311240,26342424,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,WeeabooJudas,"This review is mostly to spite people I know on twitter, because I actually do like this 3rd game overall. More than the 2nd, in fact. (I'd still ask you to play the first two though, it's almost mandatory to understand this one)Assuming you have played them:-The puzzles are the best in the series by far, and thay always give you JUST enough hints to feel smart and not coddled. It's weird people seem to forget there is a game attached to this book, but it's a good one. (check out the bonus riddles in the art book, they're cool)-It brought back the sense of tension that was missing in the 2nd game and you never know when the next puzzle will force someone to murder you to save themselves. Some end plot twists were rather silly, but they were in VLR as well (you know shrodinger's cat was originally written as a joke, right?), so whatever.-I was expecting not to like new characters just joining us just this game, but I ended up loving them, particularly the couple on green team. They wound up being as if not more interesting than our returning cast (Akane is such a nagging old lady in this one).-The ending is so dumb. It is so laughably dumb, I can not even get angry at it. I found it genuinely hilarious. Other people did get real mad though, so be warned.OVERALL: 7/10Would not avoid gatling guns that way again."
,Not Recommended,311240,24980786,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,alreadydead,"Well, it's the third Zero Escape game.  In case you haven't played the past games, it's still the same basic premise as the first two games of the series: You and 8 other people find yourself locked in a building, playing a game being run by someone calling themselves ""Zero"".  Much like Saw, (with Zero mimicking the role of Jigsaw, obviously) this game has many deadly ""traps"" in it, which you must avoid while solving puzzles.  However, the Zero Escape series turns this into a sort of visual novel/choose your own adventure game, with cryptic riddles and puzzles in the style of escape-the-room games.  Combine this with a story containing time-travel, moral dilemmas, and stange science and psycology tidbits, and you get this...  But is it good?The first two games?  Absolutely.  The third game, Zero Time Dilemma?  Not so much.I don't know where this whole ""you can play this game without playing the first two"" mentality is coming from.  Having played all three in order, I can tell you that's absolutely false.  I mean yeah, you cantechnicallyplay them out of order, but you can alsotechnicallywatch the seasons of Breaking Bad out of order too.  That doesn't make it better, though.  The other two games will be coming to Steam though (although nobody knows when), and I HIGHLY recommend them, regardless of whether you play this one or not.  I'd wait to purchase this until playing both of those.However, if you've already played those, or if you really just don't care about order, then I'd still wait until purchasing this.  Why?  Well, here's the pros and cons...Pros:-Voice acting is good, for the most part.  There are some parts where it doesn't quite work, but overall it's okay.-Puzzle design is, again, good for the most part.  Yes, just like the voice acting, the puzzles have some good and bad elements.  They aren't as hard as ""Virtue's Last Reward""s puzzles, but definitely more difficult than 999's.  Some of them are just downright confusing, though.  Hopefully you like converting between base-10 and base-13...  If you don't know what that means, you're gonna have trouble.-References to past games.  Maybe there's too much of it, but it's nice to check up on characters and see what they've been up to.Not too many pros, but now it's time for now..Cons:-Plot.  It's all over the place.  I get what they were going for, but it feels less like the past games and more like The Matrix.  And not in a good way.-Music.  I think almost all of it was reused.  If there were any new tracks, I barely noticed them, which I think speaks for itself.  I'm not saying the music in here was bad, but it's not used well.-Animation.  This is a big one.  If you don't like how the trailers look, you'll like it even less when you get in the game.  Animations are stiff and clunky, and at times they're outright laughable.  Not exactly what you want to go for when you're trying to portray a deep story.  I have no idea why they went with this style over what they had in the past.-Characters.  Two of them are inherently unlikeable(Eric and Mira)and the rest are either one-dimensional, or returning characters from past games.  They don't get along well, either.  Plus, you don't get to really ever see them interact with each other, since for 95% of the game, they're stuck in groups of 3.And now the big one:-Structure.It's rare a game has such trouble structurally.  Normally, a game just tells you its story, and then everyone happily moves on.  But noooooo...  not ZTD.  ZTD uses the ""fragment"" system, and WOW it's a mess.  (Again, why couldn't they just use what they already had!?)  Instead, the 9 characters are split into 3 groups of 3, and each group has their own screen of seperate ""fragments"", in which you play through the story somewhat anachronistically. In a fragment, you see the teammates of your choice go through a puzzle, make a choice in a ""decision game"", and then have their memories wiped and you get booted out back to the fragment selection screen.  Oh, what's that?  You're confused as to why their memories get wiped?  Yep, me too.  I understand why after beating the game, but only slightly.  Plus, the game introduces and explains this concept about as well as I just did here in this review.  In fact, I probably did it better.However, the BIGGEST problem?  It's the decision game.  Most of them take the form of a moral dilemma or probablity theory question.  For example, one decision game asks you if you want to shoot a gun with a 50% chance of firing at one character, in order to save another.  Another game requires you to know how the monty hall problem works.  However, tell me this...  How can your choices mean anything if you can simply reset and try again, until you get the result you want?  The game tries its best to make you feel bad for certain choices, but ultimately it can't, because it never locks you into anything.  Plus, you pretty much have to see all the results of all the choices anyways, so at the end of it all it basically becomes meaningless.  ""Oh, sure, this character died and now I'm being framed as a murderer, but it doesn't matter because I had to make this choice anyways to move the story along.""Speaking of moving the story along...  There was one point I got stuck because I didn't do some specific thing in the beginning of the game.  Actually, I HAD done it, but it didn't count because I didn't do it the specific way it wanted.  And there was no clue I needed to do this either, no mention that it would change anything.  If anything, I had been given evidence that itwouldn'tchange anything.  I ended up using a walkthrough to figure this out, but I didn't use it for any other part of the game.  For those curious, the part wasvoting each team off in the decontamination roomsOverall, the story just doesn't come together in a good way.  It resembles something more of an action movie, like The Matrix, or X-Men or something.  It doesn't feel satisfying, and just leaves you with a sour feeling at the end of all of it.Sorry, but I wouldn't recommend this.  It just doesn't feel right.  I WOULD however recommend:-The first game, ""9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors"".  Currently on the Nintendo DS, but it should hopefully come to Steam in not too long.  Pick it up then.-The second game, ""Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward"".  Currently on Nintendo 3ds, and PS Vita, but should also come to Steam sometime.  I can't recommend this one higher.  It's fantastic.""It's time for the Decision Game.  Will you purchase Zero Time Dilemma, or will you not?""Whichever you choose, I hope the outcome is favorable to you."
,Not Recommended,311240,31476775,Posted: 30 April,all,Hat of Awesome,"I really loved the other 2 games of this franchise, but where those two were great, Zero Time Dilemma fell.What is captivating to this series is not only the fun escape the room point n click but also the intriguing story that comes with it telling some cool theories about the multiverse, time travel and how the human mind works...The whole games are as follows: cool puzzles, good story, fun twistsWell this one started with a fun story...but as time progressed probably midway through, the story began to unravel, become weak and transformed into a very cheesy fanfiction.I finished the game and felt kinda screwed over in the end. When you get the final ending, the true ending, you tend to feel really satisfied. Everything you did and worked hard for was well worth it. This one however, made you feel like you may of wasted your time. Not to mention so much was left unfinished and so many sub plots left open. In the last 2 games, the sub plots tended to be kinda essential to the huge story and would accomplish something...this game...nope! Nada.The plot twists were not great either...they actually felt kinda cheaty. The previous games made it more like a mystery you solve to get there, while this one it was more like ""wait...how was I supposed to know that was there the whole time?! The characters never acknowledged it ever!!!""Remember how the last 2 games had some fun characters? Welcome to ""OH MY GOD, CAN WE JUST KILL Q TEAM?!"" Q team had some of the most annoying cast in the whole game. And where you used to love Akane and Junpei from the first game, they come off kinda annoying in this one as well. Only D team tends to be enjoyable as Phi and Sigma and Diana tend to keep their character personality the same as the second game.The animations of course were really poor and made some of the scenes just funny to watch. Voice acting was great though and the artwork has always been nice. I wish they would of went back to the visual novel 2D style of 999 or only used brief 3D visuals like in Virtues Last Reward.The puzzles were still pretty fun and the long branching paths were enjoyable as well. You can definitley play this one if you haven't played the other 2, but be warned, it's nothing compared to 999 and VLR. Plus it will be confusing since it will constantly reffer back to the other 2 games.I want to suggest it, but I really can't. Even if this game is meant for a Zero Escape fan like myself, it was just such a huge letdown. I still had fun with it, but it could of been way better. It's like maybe their whole staff changed or somethin, because there is a HUGE difference between everything within the last two games and Zero Time Dilemma."
,Not Recommended,311240,24100843,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SavingPrincess,"The game itself, for what it is, is fine. It's a more poorly executed 999/VLR.The animations are clunky, almost to the point that they shouldn't have included them and just went back to the VN style of 999. Most of the ""action"" happens off-screen, not for the Tarantino-effect, but becuase the animators were doing such a terrible job that they just removed all complex animations from the game by moving the camera away.All of the story ""mechanics"" of 999/VLR (read:Morphogenetic fields, multiple timelines, etc.) are used here to the point of losing their ""wow"" factor and as a ""basic"" game mechanic rather than a narrative strength.The puzzle mechanics range from ""yeah that makes sense"" to ""panty-twistingly obnoxious developer-mind-reading nonsense."" Some puzzles you will see how to solve them and go ""ugh, I don't have time for that,"" and just look up the solution.The new characters are basically pointless except for one, and even that one is kind of a letdown in the end.The only good thing about this game are the ""moments"" in some of the scenarios, and if you look at this game as its ""vignette""-style single story nuggets, they're not ""bad"" per say, but put them all together and you may find yourself annoyed by the time you're done.::WARNING: SPOILERS FOR 999/VLR/ZTD AHEAD::If you have played 999/VLR and was hoping this game would give you answers on/dive deeper into:Free the SoulThe MoonK/?Clover/Alice/AoiCrash KeysRadical-6BrotherDio & The MyrmidonsThen sorry... you won't get much clarity, and what's given will just upset you and get you mad at the game.The game's ending itselfbasically wipes out the existenceof one game andcompletely ignoresthe other.If you've played the other two games in the series, then you'll probably get this, you might even like it... I didn't... not really. It wasn't the worst... but ultimately disappointing... which makes me sad.  I LOVED the first two."
76561198047650850,Recommended,311240,25222269,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Grayfox89,An amazing end to this incredible series.I HIGHLY recommend you play 999 & VLR before you play this.
,Recommended,311240,25205648,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,X3NPAI,"A game which finally answers all the question from the previous games.New & old characters are finally joining together. Player is controlling of every fragments the leader.Solving the puzzles each of every room will give the player different atmospheres.The Decision game is pretty intense and unavoidable which set player under pressure to decide it.Whether its right or wrong no one knows until it's been tried out.My conclusion is:Applaudite, acta est fabula."
,Recommended,311240,25645346,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,MXsora,"Puzzles, twists, and a lot of crying. 10 outta 10, was not dissapointed."
,Recommended,311240,26396134,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,saito_logan,"Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma, released in 2016, is a continuation and the missing story piece between 999 : Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors released in 2009, and the prequel of Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward released in 2012. Chunsoft  definitely has created a major success in this series. I have played both 999, Zero Time Dilemma and watched the playthrough of Virtue's Last Reward. When this game came out, I bought it straight away in the first week since it definitely is worth the price. It is completely worth it.Definitely gonna have to recommend anyone wanting to play this game that you have to play for watch the walkthroughs of the other two games to understand all that stories on this series. Because it is completely crucial to understand the mechanisms and plot twists.This may not be a TL;DR review from me, since I wrote this review 4 months after finishing the game.1/ Story: Hmm, hard to make a concise version of the story. However, I can say this is the missing link between 999 - the point where Akane Kuroshiki has finished orchestraing her plan together with her brother San, and Virtue's Last Reward - the point where Akane creates a major plan to stop the virus from spreading together with Sigma and Phi. Zero Time Dilemma answers all the questions I had from the other two games, making it a complete finished story for me after playing. I understood so much after playing the game.The game definitely has plot twists, it really does. But I'm really glad at the fact no plot hole was missed and not thought of.2/ Gameplay: The game now is a bit different from the other two games, as it does not allow the players to have one playthrough with different choices like the other two. It did created some confusion for me at first, but as I kept on playing through, I understood that the confusion in selecting different paths does has its goal to allow the players to see one huge picture behind every choice the players make . It is actually pretty rewarding in the end.The puzzles mechanism in this game , for me, is much easier to grasp than in the other two games. It does requires thinking as well, but it does gives me better hints than in the other two games. I love it.I like the fact that Chunsoft kept the notes section and dialogues section in order for me to keep track of everything. I really like that. Sometimes you may get back to the game after a long time. Those are the things that keep you continue going forward easily.3/ The music: The Zero Escape series definitely has great soundtracks. I love them all.Overall Score: 10/10 for me.It's a must-have for novel stories lovers like me. I have always loved the quantum physics theories and thought experiments. They are something to think about and this series does opens my eyes in a lot of ways.Thank you Chunsoft for creating such a great game as the missing link between 999 and Virtue's Last Reward!!!!"
,Recommended,311240,25474575,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Charlie's Life Advice Column,"Zero time dilemma... Where to even begin. It's a rathercomplexgame. ;)Before you even read this, I really would reccomend playing the earlier games, 999 (9 hours, 9 doors, 9 persons) and VLR (Virtues Last Reward). Although they say that you can play this game without having played the others, the story is going to make a whole lot more sense to you and have a lot more impact on you if you have played the other two. There were certainly a few things revealed to me in this game which I probably wouldn't have been so shocked by if I had not played the other two. If you can't get your hands on 999, try VLR at least. I would hate for you to enjoy this game and then go on to play the others afterwards, having learned things from this game that you wouldn't be able to unsee!Onto the review...Once again Uchikoshi has crafted a wonderful narrative for us. If you are unfamiliar to the series, the gist is that 9 people get trapped somewhere (this time in a mars mission test site) and have to figure out why they are there and how they can get out. While 999 and VLR have slightly more linear storylines (you'll understand what I mean if you have played this series before), ZTD introduces fragments, short parts of the story which are given to you without you knowing what order they are in. Part of the game is trying to piece these parts together to see what happens when and what choices influence what. I have to say that I do prefer the more structured ways of navigating in 999 and VLR, but the fragments were fun because if a part of the story was getting tricky or boring you could always try something else. ZTD brings together main characters from both previous games as well as a few new extras, and the story is really riveting. I was always jumping for chances to get back on my laptop and find out more. My only complaints would be sometimes that it is hard to figure out what needs to happen for a shard to unlock, which can leave you feeling a bit helpless and stuck. And also,I won't say too much on this but all three games have a twist of some kind in their stories, and I feel like the twist in ZTD was a little cheap.The game is reaaaalllly good. But don't get it if you arent into novels or very story focused games. Long novel sections are contrasted with escape the room type puzzles, and ZTD sports some of the best puzzles in the franchise. This game has shifted to cinematics to show the action happening rather than being inside the head of a character and having them described to you like in the previous games. I think this defintely was a good choice for this game, as the descisions you have to make are really hightened by being able to see the action in front of you rather than just imagining it. However, the animations are *not* great. I can't complain too much considering that this game almost never happened, but they aren't wonderful. I always found the mouth movements to be a little off, but it's a pretty minor thing all in all. Be warned though, it is a lot more graphic than the previous games - you see the nasty things happening rather than just having them described to you. I played through the Japanese audio as that was my preference, voice acting was very good. Have seen a little of the English dub and while it isn't bad, I think some of the characters are defo better in Japanese. But do try both!All in all, I think it was a good end(?) for the trilogy. Though a little more pricey than previous games, I was willing to pay knowing that it goes towards a wonderful development team. If you have played the previous games, I think ZTD is a must-play. If you haven't played the others yet, please do! They are coming to steam soon but there are other ways to play it. This one didn't get me as emotional as VLR did, but it is a really good game and I would highly recommend it to anybody looking to :)"
,Recommended,311240,23935877,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Elfbarf,"Early impressions:PC seems to be the definitive edition with a pretty good port. Textures/models are seemingly identical to 3DS/Vita versions but rendered at 1080p with MSAA available up to 16x, eliminating practically all visible aliasing. It also conveniently offers borderless windowed mode, extremely useful for quick tabbing to switch to taking notes as the in-game system is more designed for touch and doesn't seem to allow typing. Can't think of any real complaints regarding the port, as it's about as good as one would expect given the game.If you're completely unfamiliar with the series, it is HIGHLY recommended that you play the first two games: 9 Persons, 9 Hours, 9 Doors (Nintendo DS) and Virtue's Last Reward (3DS/Vita) as there is a plot connecting all of them as well as some recurring characters. I'm sure the game would still be enjoyable without playing them, but your understanding of a lot of things will be a bit limited unless the game manages to refresh everything for players."
,Recommended,311240,24126344,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,"""meal slot""","Really, really good. It's the end of a wild ride in the form of 3 video games in the Zero Escape series, and there's really no game quite like it. Instead of the visual novel portions of the other two games, this game uses 3D cinematics. If you think it's too slow don't worry, you can switch on subtitles and skip through text. Puzzles are very high quality as well, you get the ""ah ha!"" factor when finishing them. The story, in my opinion, ties up most loose ends from the previous two games, as well as leaving some room for you to speculate about certain elements.Cons: One or two puzzles are convoluted and the cutscenes might be a bit lacking in quality sometimes, but they are minor cons, as the rest of the puzzles and the great voice acting and writing makes up for it."
76561198006569811,Recommended,311240,25390428,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Zithon,"For someone who has played 999 and Virtue's Last Reward (the two previous games) this game is awesome. If you have not then it might not be as great, but it is still good."
,Recommended,311240,33248666,Posted: 4 July,all,TintinTim,"Zero Time Dilemma has undeniably problems: The new TellTale Style Gamplay doesn't really work, the password design is questionable, the animation and framrate are sometimes on the edge of not being there at all and you will only be confused if you haven't played the predecessors: 999 and VLR.I am still really glad I played it. The Story is really great (though it is undoubtedly the least best in the Zero Escape Series) and the game just offers a good and satisfying conlusion to the cliffhanger ending of VLR. The Voice Over (at least the Japanese one) is consistently good. And again that story is so good it even makes up for all the other problems (especially Gameplay wise).And the Soundtrack is fantastic, too.If you have played the first to Nonary Games Titles this one is highly recommended (though some might disagree as for them it did not capture the uniqueness and greatness of the first two and kinda destroyed the series for them, which I personally can hardly understand).If you haven't, play those first and then come back here. The first two may very well be some of the best written video games ever released."
76561198037514898,Recommended,311240,25305779,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Puddles,"Overall I thought this was a good finale to a really great set of games.  As to whether I think you should play it, it depends on whether you've played the earlier games.If you have, then you should definitely finish the series.  I wasn't completely sold on the art style of the game when I was looking to buy it, but I have to admit it grew on me as the game went on and by no means was a negative.  The room puzzle difficulty falls somewhere between the first two games.  Significantly easier than the 2nd game, maybe a touch more difficult than the first.  The addition of some plot puzzles (answers needed to advance the story) is welcome, and I think they hit the right difficulty here.  Some are just hard enough to feel some accomplishment for figuring them out while being just shy of getting frustrated and looking up the answer on-line.  I think the storyline was on-par and maybe slightly better than the previous games though the zero for this game isn't as good as the one from VLR.  Ultimately I think this was a significantly better game than 999, and slightly worse than VLR... though maybe I didn't like it as much because I miss the rabbit puns more than you will.If you haven't played the first two...  Wait to play this one, and go play the first two.  Really, it's a wonderfully written series with twisting plot lines and great memorable characters.  While 999 shows a bit of its age, VLR was easily the best game I played on the Vita, and good enough to make me go out and buy a DS so I could play 999.  Hopefully you wont have to, and they will bring both games to Steam."
,Recommended,311240,23996931,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Swiftcheese :>,Sees button with text 'WARNING! DO NOT PRESS THIS BUTTON' circling around it.Presses button.Everything explodesI don't know what I expected.
,Recommended,311240,24134783,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,guicool,"After being stuck for a long time because I was stupid, I finished the game, got all the endings, even some bad ones.Here's my impressions (some spoilers):The good:- The new puzzles made my brain go insane sometimes, but some that were really difficult for some people were easy to me, and others were near impossible.- The story itself is really good, can't say the same about the timeline fragments thought. I mean, I liked it all the mystery and suspense in some points.And at D-Team End 2, I legit cried.- IQ is good, even with some lowres textures here and there. Got no crashes, only a minor sound bug.-The ward twist was really well played, I didn't make the connection until the game told me so, because I thought it was the same case with VLR, 2 floors. Well played, game.- Diana is the best character on this game IMO,having to see her breakdown on the path to end D-2 was really hard on me.- This game is so gory, like, holy crap. They weren't kidding when they said wanted a higher rating. The pictures in the screenshots don't do justice to the game proper.- English voices are top notch.DC Douglas (Wesker in RE5) as Zero? Yes please.Haven't played in Japanese, so I won't comment on that.-The ending was definitely... something. I have to say I wasn't expecting it but at least it worked and made tons of sense. I'm more surprised than anything.The bad:- The fragments system. I missed one scene and for God knows how long, I was stuck on the game, unable to progress further. A large punishment for a single mistake.- The stiff animations and horrible lipsyncing do not improve as the game progresses, some scenes are so awkward because of them. It is a port of a handheld game, but still.-The 'Who is Zero II?' twist was so awkward, I mean, you can make a deduction way before he appears, and know his identity, like in half game, even before that.-It was very hard to me to like Eric (I guess that is the same to anyone), a guy that panics over every single damn thing. I mean, he is supposed a 'regular' guy, but in the last quarter of game, he goes on carrying a shotgun, falsely accusing people and shooting them.-Mira being 'that' is so much an untwist it hurts. Also she is undirectly responsible for everything that happens, in all games. Way to go.-At the same time I was surprised about the ending, it's so damn open, I really doubt that this is the end of the series.-The game is quite ""short"", if you know what you're doing.Overall, a good game, but it suffers (IMO) from the 'middle child syndrome', strangely, more plots are opened instead of closed because of this game. I'd say that VLR is the better game in terms of puzzles, but ZTD has a better story and tries to keep the suspense up all times, while VLR drops it right at the middle. I haven't played 999 yet, as I await for the Steam port of it.I'd rate ZTD an 8, an solid game experience, full of deaths and nice stories branches. And complex motives.Also, the Decision Game.2 in binary is 10. Once you played it, you'll understand. Very well played."
,Recommended,311240,24135596,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,[¬º-°]¬,Played it with obsession. Love it :3
,Recommended,311240,24076633,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kilvoctu,"The long awaited ending to the Zero Escape trilogy arrives, and it's damn good. It's highly recommended to additionally play 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, though it is possible to enjoy Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma (ZTD) as a standalone story, then play the other two games as sort of a ""backstory"" later. If you read nothing else in this review, just know that.Zero Escape, as a series, is a prime example of how to write a true mystery thriller story. It keeps the reader guessing and doubting to ridiculous degrees with all the twists, but in the end every major plot point has its place in an overarching storyline and every character plays their part. It's notable that the writer (Kotaro Uchikoshi) sticks to the established rules of his world and story; a keen observer will see painstaking attention to consistency.Reiterating, the similar and popular Danganronpa, a title which left a sour taste and huge disappointment for me, had big issues with contrivances and downrightrandomthings that were introduced as simple one-time plot devices, as well as how disjointed the story felt from one chapter to the next. This is not the case with ZTD, where each plot element is important and is resolved. Things don't randomly happen; everything has relevance. A player finds themself constantly contemplating each new revelation, no matter how innocuous, because nothing is throwaway. Considering ZTD builds upon two preceding games, what we have is simply masterful writing. Additionally, it is worth noting that the characters are all quite fleshed out and well-written. The player will be spending a lot of time learning more about them as the story progresses, and there is much to learn.As for the gameplay, it's simple. You are given a menu to view various segments of the story. The structure of these segments comprise of a cutscene, then a decision (that has a real impact on plot) and/or an ""escape room"" (a series of puzzles to find an exit), then another cutscene. Progression happens when the player has enough knowledge from various segments to overcome a dilemma which previously posed as an obstacle.Due to the nature of the narrative, it can become difficult to follow the plot sequentially, but ZTD provides a handy in-game flowchart to help the player understand the chronology of events. Speaking of which, I did find the introductory segment of the game a bit repetitive, as I needed to view a scenario many times from different perspectives, but it's ultimately a necessary foundation for everything that ensues; an investment which paid dividends.A weak point of ZTD, however, is a somewhat poor presentation, most notably stemming from relatively janky animation quality in the cutscenes; this is most noticeable in scenes with heavy action. A large part of one's enjoyment of ZTD is the ability to accept this. I, personally, was able to get past this, as the animations worked well enough to convey the events as they occured.In summary, Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma, despite a rough presentation, achieves excellence in storytelling. It has a lofty ambition to intrigue the player to learn the truth behind the mysteries, and it undeniably succeeds. Whenever the player thinks ""I figured it out!"", a plot twist occurs and dashes those expectations again and again until the player is confused and mentally exhausted, and it is at this point ZTD lays everything out. It is at this point everything comes together, everything makes sense, for a satisfying conclusion."
,Recommended,311240,23986853,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mama Phantasm,I told someone with a shotgun to my throat that a dog strangle murdered someone they cared aboutHe blew my head offIt's a good game
76561198024979233,Recommended,311240,23942835,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,tm080201,"Thus far it's shaping up to be an excellent conclusion(?) to the Zero Escape Series.PLAY THE FIRST TWO GAMES BEFORE PLAYING THIS. OR ELSE YOU WILL BE SAD ON A ONE-WAY-TICKET TO SPOILER CITY WITH A STOP AT CONFUSION-JUNCTION.Also if you played the first two games, get ready for a bit more explicit violence. Nothing horribly gory has happened yet, but there's buckets 'o blood.Pros- Excellent story- Pretty character models- Excellent characters who make you really care for/despise them (I'm looking at YOU, Eric)- Fun puzzles- Answers so many cliffhangers from the previous two games- The cinematic shift, when it works, works pretty well to sell the story.- Some really tense decisions that have had me actually panicked.- Some pretty solid voice actingCons- Awful Animations can get a little distracting during serious scenes. There are a few scenes that could have been more impactful had it not been for some wonky character animations.- Akane's voice actress is kind of a dud. She can't really pull the emotional train she's trying to.- The environments tend to not match the chracter models- Has some pacing issuesI've been waiting for this game for so long, and thus far it's shaping up to be worth the wait. I can't wait to find every ending and see every gruesome fate that befalls my favorite characters"
,Recommended,311240,24031003,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Drakensson,sure as hell is better than the cash-grab bull Telltale use to make now
,Recommended,311240,23937660,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Chitsuki,Masterpiece
76561198159713463,Not Recommended,311240,30894999,Posted: 2 April,all,surtech5,"Zero Time DilemmaFirst let me say that I have been a fan of the series for some time. I loved VLR and waited over a year to be able to play 999 (didn’t have a DS or apple device). My love for the series has allowed me to overlook most of the faults in the previous games, but sadly it’s not enough to approve this third title.If you want a quick summary of my thoughts, here it goes:This game is made for fans only. Almost all the drama comes from the previously established characters. The puzzles are easily the worst in the series. The graphics and animation are indefensible. The music and voice acting are great in some places and laughable in others. In fact the only thing I can praise this game on is the story and boy does it have a slow start and a poor end… Or lack there of…Only play this game is you absolutely need more Zero Escape in your life!If you want an in depth review:Graphics, Animation, and Presentation: Everyone looks like a Hollister manikin being rendered on a Playstation 1. They’re bad, moving on.Puzzles: The game has a few puzzles I promise. For me it took almost 6 hours before I found one… That was 6 hours of cut scenes with the occasional interaction before I found myself actually playing a game.With each Zero Escape game I took it on myself to never use a guide, and save two rooms from VLR (if you played it you know which ones I’m talking about) this worked out fine... Do not do this with Zero Time Dilemma! Not only are these puzzles the worst in the series, but they are also the hardest-No, not hard… Vague. Two rooms in particular kept me locked in for over an hour as I tried to figure out what it wanted me to do. So please, if you find yourself in the Transporter Room or the Rec Room look up the codes online and save yourself the mental torture.Characters: Initially you are introduced to nine characters like in the other games. You will see the 4 remaining characters and then the quite bland looking new ones… And my God how they make you try to care about them. The first half of this game is an explanation on why you should care about these brand new people. And by the end? Well half of them fit in, the other 2 not only don’t, but are the most annoying characters in the entire series with Eric being a whinny, oh so very whinny version of Dio with none of the sarcasm, and Mira being all the worst parts of Alice and Lotus, with none of the… Emotion of any kind.The worst part is how the 9 characters are stuck in 3 groups of 3 that hardly ever interact except for at the end. It's essentially if they had a Marvel/DC/Darkhorse cross-over where each group of characters stayed miles apart except for the last issue... What would be the point? The two previous protagonists’ spend a 20 hour game less than a foot ball field apart but have on one or two conversations... Why?!Story: First off it’s only fair to say that he dead expressions of the characters, the God awful animation, and the low poly models made enjoying the story a trial of it’s own. So many serious scenes had be laughing because of how they would play out on screen. The silly faces made. The constant clipping. The speaking through a closed mouth… Well, you’ve been warned.The story in the middle kept me hooked with constant twists and revelations; easily the best part of the game. The beginning is bogged down by being 10 hours of ‘no no these people are cool I promise’. And the last 4-5 hours fill you with questions and leave you with very few answers… Oh that’s right. This series doesn’t actually close itself off. I triple checked to make sure I have 100% the game, and yet I am left with dozens and dozens of questions, most of which pertaining to plot holes and potential plot holes. This has more plot holes than the rest of the series combined.After seeing the final scene the first thing out of my mouth was ‘well then what was the point’! If you were looking for closure this is not for you.Generally stupid things in this game:-“4 digit number using a 0-9 keypad. That’s over 100,000 combinations!”-If a room is dark everyone becomes blind, deaf, numb, and stupid.-Sneak attacks with a revved chainsaw.-Near point blank Mexican standoff with a grenade launcher-The Q reveal-The password entry screens-The Mouse and Keyboard ControlsAll in all I'm glad I played it, and it was defiantly a ride. I liked some things they added (wont mention for spoiler reasons). I disliked some things they added (like how you are forced to play the game out of order or how characters are stuck in changing groups of 3). And I hate how it left off on such a giant middle finger to the fans... But I can't bring myself to hate the game. Only to be disappointment in what it could have been."
,Recommended,311240,24102190,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,yanqui,"Apparently this is the end of the Zero Escape series and it pains me to say good bye to it.The first game and second game will come out soon so it's good to replay those two and see a lot of subtle hints or references from this game to the previous ones.Akane's ring in VLRSigma disarming the bomb but the bomb said no and disarmed him instead.Also, the game clocks at around 21~22 hours and at least 80% of the time, you'll be solving puzzles.I just wish that the whole OST was included with the purchase and not just the 12 tracks that we are given, my favorite track, the one with the Glockenspiel or ""Diana's song"" which I call it, isn't even included.9/10"
,Recommended,311240,24038780,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Miharu,"As many before me have said: Please, first play 'Zero Escape: 999' and 'Zero Escape 2: Virtue’s Last Reward' respectively, before playing 'Zero Escape 3: Zero Time Dilemma'.The series as a whole is incredible. I dare to say the best I’ve ever played. I thoroughly enjoyed Zero Time Dilemma. The puzzles were fun, and I loved the silly little interactions like in the previous two games. The soundtrack is wonderful. I loved the gameplay and, in this aspect, think it’s the best out the series. I especially loved D-team: Their voice actors were on point. I loved their story, interactions and endings. They were what made Zero Time Dilemma for me.The main story started off fantastically and promising. I was completely hooked throughout most of the game. However, when nearing the end, I got a bit let down.The revelation and the true ending were underwhelming. I don’t think they were necessarily bad ideas, however badly executed. Questions from the previous games that the makers promised would be answered and explained, were left unanswered and unexplained. Even more questions were raised. The game by itself is great, but I can’t say that it's a good and proper conclusion to the series.I'm convinced that I wouldn’t have been let down if they had extended the ending, given certain characters more screen time and backstory, and spent time answering and addressing things from both this game and the previous games. I truly hope that this will be corrected and that we can be given closure. Not necessarily with an expansion or a fourth game, perhaps with a short novel.The underwhelming ending doesn’t take away the fantastic moments in the game. Some were my favourites out of the entire series. Despite leaving us with many questions, there were things that did get answered and were given closure. I know that Uchikoshi and co. have done the best they could with a limited budget, and I’m very grateful for this game existing in the first place. I thoroughly enjoyed and loved Zero Time Dilemma, despite its flaws."
,Recommended,311240,24124932,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,rodhen,"In my first playthrough a girl shouted at me ""I AM CALM"" while she was holding a chainsaw10/10 best girlfriend simulator"
,Recommended,311240,24221775,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Schrodinger Scat,"A violent Japanese ""Saw"" story with anime characters getting murdered and pontificating about logical paradoxes, time travel, and the nature of man.Exquisite."
76561198256719446,Recommended,311240,24171946,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Duke of Lemons,"As most will agree, it's best of you played the previous two games, 999: Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors, and Virtue's Last Reward, before starting this one. The previous two games are eventually coming to steam as well, so if you're in no rush, it might be worth waiting! You CAN play this one first, but know that you will be largely out of the loop for a while (which might not necessarily be so bad, since it would keep one of the major gimmicks of the game alive,) AND will spoil many of the big twists from the rest of the series. This is meant to close the series.With that out of the way, I'll go ahead and say that if you're already a fan of Zero Escape games, then this game should prove no different for you. Good puzzles (and thankfully nothing like the Q room), much death, and many interesting braching decisions to make. Also many answers to questions you might have had from previous games (though there are a lot of things left unanswered, too, unfortunately).I will spoil one thing, and I do feel this is completely necessary for anyone who might be buying the game specifically for an answer to this:For whatever reason, Kyle isn't even mentioned once in the game, which was a huuuge letdown for me, since we never found out who ??? was supposed to be.The biggest problem with this game, and Zero Escape in general, is that it relies far too much on boot strap paradoxes and other impossible things for the sake of moving the plot along. While it's interesting in the moment, it makes things needlessly complicated in the long run. On another note, I wish the team with Sigma and Phi had a much bigger role to play, considering the events of VLR. But maybe that's just because I loved VLR so much.Anyways, I'm rambling on. If you like Zero Escape, you'll like this game. Just don't expect it to have all the answers you're looking for."
,Recommended,311240,27044846,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Asuterisuku,"While it's still a visual novel, just like its predecessors, the transition to real-time cutscenes does wonders for the charactersization here, even if the models and textures... aren't the nicest. The puzzles are good, and it wraps up the loose ends of the previous games nicely."
76561198047072541,Recommended,311240,24183905,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Awenevis,"A recommendation on investing in a purchase of Zero Time Dilemma.Zero Time Dilemma is an unfathomable finale to, what is in my opinion, one of the best video game series in allhistory. The third, and final, entry to the Zero Escape series delivers a complete experience ofemotional rollercoasters,extreme decicionsandunforgettable moments. Playing the prequels was an amazing experience, but Zero Time Dilemma finishes the series in aexceptionalmanner.I'm convinced that, after reading this review,you will purchase Zero Time Dilemmato expand your collection of games. And itwillstand out among the rest. The only question remaining is: How much exactly will it enrichen your life?Purchase Zero Time Dilemma. The game deserves it,and you deserve it."
,Recommended,311240,24029080,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sirlion,"The Zero Escape series has always been a niche product for a very specific audience, it never sold very well in Japan and its creator is best known for another rather famous series that is more popular in the West than in the East. Due to poor sales in the homeland, Zero Escape 3 has been delayed and almost cancelled several times, but it finally came to life. And I couldnt be any happier at this very moment. I have just finished one of the best stories of the year, and possibly a masterpiece in its own right that will certainly be remembered as the first title of this genre to finally launch worldwide on a variety of platforms and in full english localization.Zero Time Dilemma picks up when Virtue's Last Reward has left us. This time, the player doesnt just follow Sigma, the protagonist of the second game, and his friend Phi, but a whole group of people, three teams in total, called after the initials of their names. C, Q, D. Everything we knew from the second game is explained in detail through cutscenes and, despite the complexity of the whole storyline, it all fits together nicely at the end, wrapped up in a fantastic package of fresh ideas and exploration of all the tropes involving time travel, spacetime adventures and thrillers.I'm not going into details of any kind because virtually everything could be a spoiler and this game, as in typical Uchikoshi fashon, is filled with surprises and twists so hyperbolic that simply nominating them is a sin to the newcomers.What I am going to do, is say that if you like engaging moral choices, lots of decisions with tons of bad endings, and you have a general idea of what Visual Novels and puzzle games are, look no further and buy instantly. Let yourself be driven by curiosity and start the Decision Game. It will be an experience you wont forget. When you think Mr. Uchikoshi couldnt reach higher standards, here you will be proven wrong. He can. And it's glorious."
,Recommended,311240,25521513,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,halafradrimx,"When butterfly effect meets Saw.Very good game, but I recommend you play the first two titles first."
,Recommended,311240,24189025,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,『 ZA(HRA) WARUDO 』,"I have mixed feelings about this game. Admittedly, it is the first ZE game I had to wait for, and so perhaps I hyped it up too much in my head.The writing, as always, was glorious and to the high standard that was praised with 999 and VLR. Definitely a few ""oh my GOD"" scenes, and once again the writing fitted perfectly together. I feel the ending was a little... eh... (I don't know, it just didn't have the biggest impact for me?) but I still massively enjoyed the game. I do feel that it doesn't have a ""Zero Escape"" feel to it - perhaps the lack of getting to choose the rooms? Also, the timelines didn't really feel like timelines because they were in fragments. I'm not criticizing the production team as I know creating this game was a dream come true for them, and I'm glad they were able to add new aspects into this game that they weren't able to last time. Overall, what I'm saying is: I understand why there was big changes compared to 999/VLR, but this did impact the game for me.Sadly, the graphics were a massive letdown to me personally: the girls' hair was flying randomly in various scenes, and scenes were characters were panicking just looked... awful. There was little fluidity in the animation. On the other hand, I understand that I played it on the PC and that it probably looks better on a 3DS.The soundtrack and big reveals really got to me, and there was many sweet moments in the game. There were many smalls hints dotted around in the early fragments, which is one of the things that the ZE series does the best. All the characters were individual and interesting!I did fully enjoy this game and I'm really glad this beautiful, unique trilogy was finally concluded.Also, I can't believe how bloody this game is too considering 999 didn't sell well in Japan due to a concern about the gore!"
,Recommended,311240,32340894,Posted: 11 June,all,Redbelt,"Zero Time Dilemma is good, but not great and is weaker than the previous games in the trilogy.Does this make it a bad game? No. I just had higher hopes.The graphics are bad in my opinion. The 3D models and the animation is very last century.Music is atmospheric. The broad story is good, the characters however had sketchy lines or reactions at times. Also they didn't have much character development.But here I am, I finished it even though I have a huge backlog of games, I chose this.My gameplay time is inflated because I left it running overnight. I estimate 35-40 hours was my real time.The previous games, 999 & Virtues Last Reward are also on steam. I strongly recomend checking them out. VLR was a gem."
,Recommended,311240,31472142,Posted: 30 April,all,bunny1ov3r,"I have mixed feelings about this game. The theme stayed consistent with the spirit of zero escape series. However, as the last installment of the trilogy, there is good and bad things in it.The good:- we see all previous important main characters again- provide a closure to the series- closes some loose ends in both 999 and vlr- plenty of plot twists and narrative tricks- decent escape room gameplay value, easier than vlr but harder than 999 (imo)- gameplay value in general (from going through the flow chart)The bad:- some measure of externally inconsistency in characters (as in characters behave quite differently from previous installments)- some clunkiness in controls (for example, can only click to skip ahead for ""text skipping"")(SPOILERS)- too much out-of-ordinary sci-fi stuff at once incorporated into the story, that it is hard to suspend disbelief sometimesOverall, I would still recommend to buy this game if you really enjoyed the nonary games."
76561198029445296,Recommended,311240,31318900,Posted: 23 April,all,ColdBlood,GREAT! nothing else can say. ps: written from another timeline.
76561198002774794,Recommended,311240,24206738,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ApexHawk,"A flawed gem. ZTD is a visual novel mystery game with some occasional puzzles, that never quite nails the experience it's trying to accomplish, but is still strong enough in the parts that matter to keep you engrossed all the way to the end. The unique draw of the game comes from the non-linear storyline, the mind-bending sci-fi concepts the game throws at you and the splendid puzzle-design.The game is the final part of an existing trilogy previously released on the handheld consoles. Though the story is relatively self-contained, the set up is so deeply entrenched in the previous stories that I would recommend playing the previous two games before this one. Play them on an emulator or wait for their upcoming Steam-remasters. That said, though, I can't think of a single game on PC that is quite like this one, so if you are a big fan of visual novels and sci-fi, you could also enjoy this even without knowing the first two games.But I did mention flaws, didn't I? The first thing that stands out is the rather choppy animation quality. The game goes for a more cinematic feel from the previous games, with full 3D graphics and changing camera angles, but for the most part the janky animations just cannot be made to look good. To the credit of the game's writing, it actually doesn't matter *that* much because the story and voice acting are so good, but it still ruined a couple of the more emotional scenes for me.The second biggest flaw matters mostly when compared to the previous installments: The visual style and localisation quality have suffered a downgrade. Character designes for Junpei and Akane look very different from the previous games, and the english translation has quite a few awkward phrases and bad voice direction. I really don't want to put it on the VA's, though. Despite the higher detail, ZTD is far from the best looking anime-games.Lastly, there are some weaknesses in the story. One twist near the end in particular felt stupid, and though the characters are the driving force of the story, it's really not *them* that are the hook. The mysteries and the events are the interesting part, and the characters (and by extention, drama) suffer from being left feeling a bit flat. But, again, these weaknesses don't ruin the story or the game as a whole.I like Zero Time Dilemma. I liked it a lot. Not a game for everyone, but everyone who it's for should play it."
,Recommended,311240,24039438,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Matt,"First and foremost let's get this out of the way:  I would first only play this game if you have played 999 and VLR.  Once and only after you've done that play this game.  Even then I would replay both games and read up as much as you can on it as the story in both games, and the philosophy, is super deep and tense.  To put it as short as possible this game is a hallmark in story telling, it has incredible voice acting and the are enough shocking story moments to keep you spinning in your chair or on your couch.My only gripe is that coming from VLR the almost non-linear pathing can get pretty confusing sometimes.  I appreciate what the game is doing by introducing 3 main protagonists of sorts, or 3 main story groups, but it's very hard to keep track of the time lines that youre in when you choose them.  In VLR everything was linear in a sense where you followed a natural progression til you hit a dead end or a make a decision.  Here at anytime you can be kicked out of what the game calls a fragment and you need to either join another fragment or another character teams fragment - again this just causes a very disjointed story at times.  In the end after 100% the game it is understood more or less but it be confusing at the beginning - whether this was intentional is debateable as your characters in game are given a drug that causes them to forget usually after ever fragment.Overall though, I completed 100% as mentioned in under 20 hours.  I will admit that I did use a guide once or two on a few puzzles, some of them are savage such as the one where you need to translate an alien language, think hiroglypics, into a tridecimal number system.  There are also some clues that even after the solution is known are very vague or poorly explained but thats only a small handful.Overall I will be giving this game a perfect 5 out of 5.  It's a must buy/play but again if you havent played 999 or VLR I would avoid for now, if you insist on playing it I can only assume you wont get the full benefit of it yet - it may only be a 3 or 4 out of 5 for you now."
76561197984474137,Recommended,311240,32897816,Posted: 27 June,all,Tangy,"Mostly good, but an unsatisfactory ending.Reminiscent of Remember11 in the way it builds up tension brilliantly but falls flat with its explanation or lack of.Still the first 3 quarters are very enjoyable, so its still worth playing if you enjoyed 999 and VLR."
,Recommended,311240,32957430,Posted: 28 June,all,Direbaka,"This is the third game in the Zero Escape series. This one has a few issues where the paths aren't easily visible. In addition, some of the secrets are a bit more obtuse than they should be. Still a fun and rewarding game."
,Recommended,311240,33305124,Posted: 6 July,all,Xsoskeleton,"""LETS SUICIDE SO WE CAN MOVE TO BETTER FUTURE"" - basically everyone once they know about SHIFTing"
,Recommended,311240,24866443,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Stacey,"This game is great. It is, but please, PLEASE do not play it without having played the second one, or at least watched a let's play of it. All 3 are connected, and while you can play each one separately, you miss out a lot, especially on this one. A LOT.The first one, 999, is great as well, but for me virtue's last reward is the best game I've ever played and is a must if you're going to play this one. I'm sure the emotions you'll go through once you see or realise some of the plot twists cannot be compared to what you'll feel if you've played the last game.(that goes for all of the series. Fingers crossed they're already working on making the other 2 available on steam at some point)About the game itself now, it has a few small flaws but was generally great. Compared to the previous one, which I consider a masterpiece, the puzzles are not as challenging(I have to say, there are too many hints, I'd rather have the option to choose easy/hard and be able to figure more stuff alone), yet some were still pretty interesting, the plot was weird, but it was again pretty well written. One thing that felt bad was the duration of the game, it was quite shorter than the previous one. The animation also felt strange.The series' main characteristics, though, are there. An amazing story, with many plot twists, well written(although with one... strange, questionable part. Just one though), cool puzzle rooms and really interesting characters. The (unique) flow of the game was REALLY interesting and I loved it. I also love how the story blends in with the previous games.A bit overpriced, but I did not regret buying it at all.Generally, I enjoyed the game a lot and I am definitely waiting for the next one."
,Recommended,311240,33255207,Posted: 4 July,all,AngryDoorKnob,"AWSOME GAME/movie?Once I realized that its a puzzle game with like twelve... puzzles... and accepted that its like a movie, I fell inlove with it. trying all the outcomes was the key to understanding the game.I NEED MORE!"
,Recommended,311240,33202011,Posted: 3 July,all,RickyKalz,"If you like alternate reality stories and SAW the movie, you must try! worthy 20hrs on the story."
76561197989978562,Recommended,311240,26932268,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Likely,A great conclusion to a great series. If you enjoy other visual novel games and games like Phoenix Wright you are going to love this game. I reccomend you play the previous installments before playing this.
76561198116546908,Recommended,311240,23936010,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,UGHHHH,Me: Oh man I can't wait to play this ga-Doesn't know how to solve puzzle to escapeMe: WELL DAM IT
,Recommended,311240,24012914,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Wall Builder,"I wish I could inject myself with memory erasing serum, SHIFT my consciousness to another universe, and transport myself to an alternate history using alien techology so I could experience this game fresh again. One final wild ride by the famed author (and insane ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) Kotaro Uchikoshi."
,Recommended,311240,23994290,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Untrentide,"I highly recommend the series as a whole. Great story that makes you think and teach's interesting concepts.The developers originally weren't going to make this game or finish the series. Because of the continuous fan support they choose to finish the story. With that said though it feels like a bit of a rushed product. Also, unless you've played the first two titles the plot can make very little sense.EDIT: If interested in this title, wait for ""999: Nine Hours Nine Persons Nine Doors"" to be released on steam or grab ""Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward"" on PSP/3DS first."
,Recommended,311240,23967528,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,nitehawk,"Fantastic game worth every penny.But for the love of God, do not play it if you haven't finished 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, they'll both be ruined for you in the first 15 minutes of this story.It's also quite obvious that it wasn't really designed to be played on large screens, but it can be easily ignored, the game is enjoyable nonetheless."
,Recommended,311240,26437148,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Isuka,A really good conclusion to the trilogy.Thank you Uchikoshi and your team for all this hard work on this exceptional game series that Zero Escape is.
76561198003832295,Recommended,311240,25397820,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Pino Creed,"I highly recommend you play the two previous games before this one, as it is by far the weakest title in the series. Playing this first will spoil the other two genius games in the series, and likely leave you disappointed.PROS+ interesting setting+ decent animation, cutscenes, voice acting+ lots of decisions that impact the story+ decision game was usually fun to play+ plot was intense and intriguing up until the last quarter of the gameCONS- re using almost every old character, some of them completely different or inconsistent from previous games, or being there for silly reasons.- re using a lot of the soundtrack from previous games. most of the original music is average.- taking the concept of the previous games and beating it to death with a stick. characters using it in ways that were never possible before.- characters repeating information over and over, characters holding your hand too much during puzzles.- many plot holes and strange paradoxes that kind of make sense but kind of don't.- the payoff for a certain character is disappointing.- nobody seems to use basic human logic.- completely unnecessary final plot twist...Unfortunately this game takes a bad turn with a conclusion that completely defies human logic. That being said, this IS the conclusion the the Zero Escape series. I still think it's worth a play, but go into it with an open mind and know that it doesn't quite live up to the previous games. We are still left with a lot of unanswered questions but the journey was fun, right?"
76561198043024416,Recommended,311240,27042219,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,donnandsusan,"I'm mostly writing this review to get a badge, but I really loved this game (and the whole series!).  There are so many moments where you get blind-sighted by something that happens.  That and the escape rooms that are found throughout each game make this a winner for me."
,Recommended,311240,24801671,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Chi,"Please play 999 and Virtue's Last Reward before this one, things will make more sense that way, and you'll meet some familiar characters. I hope they'll get worthy ports somewhere down the line! If you liked the previous games, play this one, definitely.The game, as a whole, was for me a satisfying continuation of the Zero Escape series (and presumably the last one). The graphics were beautiful, but the animation left something to be desired. The puzzles felt a bit easy and repetitive compared to earlier instalments (you didn't have to think too much, most of the time you found the answers lying around somewhere). Familiar music was applied well at key points in the game, but sadly it seemed there wasn't much new music.There's some mind blowing things in the story, and then others you'll have a difficult time wrapping your head around. I liked the characters and their personal surprises. I just wish that more references would have been made to 999 and VLR, there were some key concepts in those that weren't even mentioned. I really miss the old characters, I'd love to know what happened to them. uchikoshi plstl;dr: The game has some weak spots, but overall it's an interesting play for a Zero Escape fan."
,Recommended,311240,31387674,Posted: 26 April,all,Tallcat,"A series of brilliant visual novels. The well crafted puzzles provide superior gameplay to that of most VNs while also taking advantage of the VN format and does what no other game I've ever seen do before.Despite being games about escaping, I really didn't want them to end.Seek a Way In!"
76561198087522348,Not Recommended,311240,33726679,Posted: 22 July,all,Ramen_Optimal,"NOT FOR THE FANS!As a huge fan of the original 999 game on Nintendo DS, I have to say I am extremely disappointed in the direction this series headed. From the get go, the bizarre choices of redesign and complete change in personality of all recurring characters from previous entries is jarring to say the least.If you are able to overlook those flaws, there's still the serious issue of subpar PS2-like graphics, terrible voice acting, unlikable characters and strange controls. Also, a complete departure from the visual novel esthetic and the strange inclusion of a 10 minute long ending is pretty bad, but those could just be a pet peeve of mine.If you've never heard of this series before, and just feel like playing a SAW ripoff, go right ahead. You might have fun laughing at it. But wait for the price to drop, because, as is, the princing is unacceptable."
,Recommended,311240,24280079,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Squids have curves,"The story of Gab the dog and 9 random dudes.Joke aside It's pretty good, even if you haven't played the two other games (They do explain some references but some other things may get a bit hard to understand without context, in another timeline I think I'll watch a let's play of the previous games before playing this one.)"
76561198167751722,Recommended,311240,28410119,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mister_Steak,"Every review I read told me to buy the previous games first to understand the story of this one. I didn't listen, and I don't regret it one bit. You have to be a special kind of stupid not to understand what's happening in this game. Toward the end, that is. You will be very confused early on, but that's the entire piont.The puzzles are thought provoking, but not ridiculous to the point of needing a guide, the characters are mostly worn out anime tropes, so that can be off-putting, and the overall experience is one you can't really enjoy a second time. Once you figure everything out, there's nothing left. Don't get me wrong, it's a good one, but there's no replay value here."
76561198045239192,Recommended,311240,24389502,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Crusty Doo,Nnnnnoice till the ending which is totes meh.8/10
,Recommended,311240,24115754,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Zess,"This game has conversations about Monty Hall, Back to the Future, and snail-based apocalypse situationsit made me cry"
,Recommended,311240,23990603,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,【 Engel 】,"Life is simply unfair,Don't you think?"
,Recommended,311240,27007494,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RelaxedPen,"The third and last game of the Zero Escape Trilogy.1 sentence.Mind blowing.PS: I finished it on the Vita already. And it's all what I hoped for, and more."
,Recommended,311240,24002656,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,2spookbike,"Carlos is a huge weaboo and thinks you can hold an axe like a katana, regardless of how many times it's steel has been folded."
76561198029317459,Recommended,311240,24039722,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Beast Tamer,I still can't decide whether to choose blue or red!
76561198021518771,Recommended,311240,24136019,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Saaidre Storm,Great game! Make the right decision and buy it!----------------------------------------------------SPOILERIt even has an out-of-nowhere Stan Lee cameo.----------------------------------------------------999/10 - would blame snail for everything again
,Recommended,311240,24855265,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,JMBChaos,10/10 would complex motives again
,Recommended,311240,27384896,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,malkav11,"Once upon a time there was a little game called 999: Nine Persons, Nine Hours, Nine Doors (or possibly some other configuration of those three things). It paired room escape puzzles with deeply anime visual novel sequences and plenty of weird random pseudoscientific nonsense, and that's probably about as much as many people got out of it because it was structured in such a way that you didn't get the really amazing, mind-bending twists and revelations until you'd finished it a couple times, which meant repeating at least some of the room escapes and sitting through repeated visual novel bits over and over. And ultimately to really experience the whole thing and get the True Ending (tm) you had to hit all the major permutations.  If you did that, it was a heck of a ride. But you really had to work at it to get there.Then it got a sequel called Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward. Similar formula, but this time it exposed the decision flowchart from the get go and let you jump around it at will. And the ways it played with this ability in the actual fiction, as well as the ways it called back to 999 and generally messed with all your expectations were frankly incredible. I could forgive people for being unenthusiastic about 999 because of how many obstacles it put between you and the good stuff, but Virtue's Last Reward was pretty much impeccable. Oh, and the True End? A giant, horrifying, agonizing cliffhanger reveal you almost certainly wouldn't have guessed. But then sales were not great, and every indication was the planned third game in the trilogy wouldn't be made.Well, here it is. Zero Time Dilemma. If you've played the first two games, you need to play this. That's all there is to it. And if you haven't, you absolutely should not play this until you do, because it is the culmination of two games worth of story. You don't -have- to know this stuff going in - mostly the characters don't - but it will make a world of difference in the impact of what happens in the course of the game, and your familiarity with the returning characters will help parse their motivations and actions in this. But also, frankly...not gonna lie...Zero Time Dilemma is a satisfying conclusion to the trilogy and it has some incredible twists. But it isn't the best game in the series. That's still VLR. You can unfortunately tell that Zero Time Dilemma was made on a shoestring budget and so the cutscenes are pretty awkwardly rendered, there's a lot of telling and not showing, and the pacing and format are a bit strange for the game overall. This by no means spoiled the game for me and I certainly wouldn't have been willing to leave it at VLR's cliffhanger ending. But it means I wouldn't recommend it as your one and only Zero Escape."
,Recommended,311240,24093428,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,woolite,"The good: Great story, good ending to Zero Escape series.The bad:  Puzzles are too easy, sound and audio randomly stop, black flickering in menus, choppy animations, random crashes (save often).If you're a fan of the series, definitely pick it up."
,Recommended,311240,24123793,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SabreMS,"Why are you even reading this review right now when you could be spending this time playing ZTD instead? (unless you haven't played 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, in which case what have you been waiting for?!)Also YES. IT IS AN ABSOLUTE REQUIREMENT TO PLAY 999 AND VLR BEFORE ZTD. PLEASE DO NOT PLAY ZTD OR WATCH ANYTHING RELATED TO IT BEFORE PLAYING 999 AND VLR AS IT WILL SPOIL YOU ON THOSE EQUALLY AMAZING GAMES.PS: the port seems good. Barebones, but good. Definitely get the PC version over the portable ones if you have a halfway decent rig."
,Recommended,311240,24144114,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Galaxy3D,Pros- Impressive story- Interesting dialogues- Well written characters- Mind blowing twists- Memorable soundtracks- Enjoyable puzzlesCons- A very clearly low budget game
,Recommended,311240,24123196,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jefficaht,"As everyone else has said definitely play the first two games before this one. The game play is definitely different from the other two, but it was really enjoyable once I understood how the timelines worked.Just be sure to click exactly where you mean to otherwise you might be stuck on a puzzle for a long time even though you thought you already did what you were supposed to.The facial expressions are a little awkward, but after a while you just accept it. The story certainly makes up for it, and makes it hard for you to be distracted.10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,311240,24095702,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Blasmeister,"ZTD is a very fitting end to an excellent trilogy that I'd been hoping to see concluded for years. It's very clearly a 3ds port and the animation and textures are basic at best but the story, puzzling and characters are all well done, more than making up for the limited graphics. Nowhere else will you find horror, sci-fi and psuedoscientific philosophical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mixed together so well. Come for the escape the room puzzles, stay for the discussion of the Anthropic Principle, the Monty Hall Problem and many worlds interpretations of Back to the Future"
,Recommended,311240,24037655,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,whisky papi,"I learnt that when a game show host offers me a chance to change my final decision, I should take him up on it."
,Recommended,311240,23975923,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,gyuunyuu,"- Wishlist the game- Bought the game- Installed the game- Played the gameAfter a few minutes, finished the game. BEST GAME EVER!11/10 would repeat."
76561198022293035,Recommended,311240,24191673,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Slimpack,"This game is a great addition to the series. I finished it in about 4 days, but the plot is amazing and it answers a lot of the questions left from Virtue's Last Reward. the music is awesome too. This is supposed to be the last game in the 999 series, but  I really hope Kotaro Uchikoshi and Chun Softspike make another one, or at least a spin off game."
,Recommended,311240,24219442,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Demesta,"Excellent Sequel to VLR, some questions still remain unanswered however."
,Recommended,311240,33010127,Posted: 29 June,all,Bitchy Queen,"Same thing as everyone else is saying, if you liked the other 3, you'll like this one.... But my god are some of the characters dumb as hell."
,Recommended,311240,33122718,Posted: 2 July,all,Serialies,"Ties up loose ends of the entire series. If you liked the other games in the series, you will definitely like this one."
,Recommended,311240,23988787,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Makin,"It's not perfect, but it's still REALLY good. Bad animations and a few issues with prequels are the only things that hold this back from being a 10/10. Worth a buy if you've played the previous games, make sure to play them first."
76561198155979412,Recommended,311240,24661623,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Darriot,"I've currently 79 games in my Steam library.I've only played 3/4 of them and only completed maybe 8 of them.Yet, I will - beyond the shadow of a doubt - play Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma again. I will play it again even while I accumulate even more and more games that I will probably never play.Yet, now that I think about it, playing ZE:ZTD again and again is exactly what this game is about, isn't it?This was simply the most Postmodern game I think I've ever played..."
,Recommended,311240,26459848,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,THECapedCaper,"I'm not sure how to really recommend it, though I did enjoy it. The story and timelines will keep you interested, but I felt like a lof of the Escape Room puzzles were either pretty simple or they had some weird logic involved to where you had to brute force some of the puzzles. There's also quite a bit of backtracking to go with some of the timelines , and some cutscenes take too long (which is a problem if you have to go back to a particular cutscene for a clue).It's not bad but it could be a lot better. I spent about 20 hours playing it and came out of it satisfied."
,Recommended,311240,28768454,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,NiZEDGE«,My favourite game of 2016
,Recommended,311240,26783681,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,voltedwatt,wait for the 999 and VLR in steam if you haven't play 'em. too much plot point in those games
,Recommended,311240,26677680,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Ginger,"Not as good as VLR/999. I wish there was more, but I loved the adventure."
76561198106486025,Recommended,311240,26733893,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Cyvera,"Beautiful game with a beautiful story. Was a huge fan of the first two games in these series and the third one certainly did not let me down! I love how this game isn't too easy, it requires some thought and a lot of attention. Time travel has always intrigued me together with the butterfly effect etc. So people who like sci fi cruelness will love this.Over all and long story short, it is really well put together and I would recommend this game to everyone who loves some cruelness in their games."
,Recommended,311240,24210567,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,むそう,My motives are complex.
,Recommended,311240,24006409,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,10 ft of blue,"If you haven't played the other two installments of the Zero Escape series - 9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors and Virtue's Last Reward - then you really won't enjoy or understand this game, so play these first and maybe just snag the game now for the early buyer bonuses.That being said, if you have played the first two games, then I would recommend also playing the final part, because if you've enjoyed the gameplay of the prequels, the finale plays similarly with a mixture of puzzles and VN-esque decisions, and it's fairly enjoyable. The puzzles aren't too hard; I'm fairly impatient, not that smart, and I played this game on little sleep, and I still only had to consult walkthroughs a couple of times. The decisions and the surrounding gameplay that's similar to VLR is pretty fun and doesn't require that much thinking, although I did get stuck at one or two points.The design of the game was something I couldn't quite warm up to, to be quite honest. The music and voice acting were nice enough (I played with the original Japanese sound because I'm a weeb), but the graphic and cinematic design left a lot to be desired. It's probably a matter of personal taste, but the way the camera would cut away ten billion times and the weird attempt to 3D-ify a 2D art style just didn't sit that well with me. It seemed very cheap, to be quite frank. I think part of it is the fact that the PC version is a very hurried port of the 3DS/Vita versions, where the graphics and controls would seem more natural...Either way, I have a lot of opinions about the story too, but since a lot of people reading reviews will want a spoiler-free one, I can only stay vague. I don't regret buying and playing this game, but I found a lot of the revelations, events, and story choices very disappointing. Some from a purely personal standpoint, as in, they made me sad; some from a game design standpoint, as in, I would've made very different choices.I think overall the game is okay and I recommend it to those who've played the rest of the series, just like I'll recommend the rest of the series to newbies. But I think a lot could've been done better."
,Recommended,311240,24186326,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,モノダム,"A great conclusion to one of my favourite series' of all time. I played through it on the 3DS and decided to spend my money on it again.However, I can't recommend it if you haven't played through 9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors and Virtue's Last Reward.If you love plot twists, mind ♥♥♥♥s and thinking about science and philosophy, then you'll love this series."
,Recommended,311240,24028077,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tossed Salad & Scrambled Eggs,"This game almost didn't get made, but enough fans campaigned for it. I'm glad this is the timeline that we got it.It's good, not perfect.I finished in about 20 hours. The movie segments replace the VN story segments from previous games. I thought I'd have a problem with them, but alot of the animation makes it clear that their was a budget. The puzzles  were a good balance between to easy and BS difficult, although there are less Escape rooms in the game overall, this fact is made up for by all the decisions in the game. The endings range from ok, to some of the best writing in the series. Although the overall ending is alright, not perfect, but I was satisfied. I'd still highly reccomend it to anyone that has played 999 and VLR."
,Recommended,311240,24152001,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Esoterica,"The third game of theZero Escapeseries, most plot elements and themes directly continue on from the previous two games,9 Hours 9 Persons 9 DoorsandVirtue's Last Reward. It's suggested you play or read up on both before considering Zero Time Dilemma, although as a game by itself it functions perfectly fine.Zero Time Dilemmais a 50% horror/ mystery visual novel, and 50% an escape-the-room game. 9 participants from different walks of life, split into 3 teams, are trapped in an unfamiliar facility and forced to play the 'Decision Game'- a game about fate that incorporates elements of moral dilemmas and consequences of your actions. Players familiar with the 'feel' and style of 999 and VLR will quickly find themselves at home with the non-linear style of storytelling that incorporates elements of quantum mechanics and the multiverse theory. Players navigate the narratives by choosing a team to follow and a 'fragment' of story to experience, with how the fragment ends dependent on choices the player makes. This gameplay mechanic segues nicely into a somewhat spoiler-y plot point to mirror the experience of the participants of the game, and the player will slowly progress through these 'fragments' of gameplay, gathering information from different timelines and exploring possibilities to solve the mysteries of the game.+ The nature of how the game is played is refreshing and non-linear+ Atmospheric soundtrack that enforces feelings of claustrophobia or apprehension+ Gripping story involving time travel, quantum mechanics and moral dilemmas+ Characters are memorable and all play a part in the interlocking narrative+ Rotatable camera and 3D models in escape-the-room segments create a satisfying puzzle solving experience- Low budget resulted in somewhat janky model animations and poor lip-sync- Pacing of some individual story 'fragments' and instances of dialogue are slow, or poorly writtenPlaudite, acta est fabula."
,Recommended,311240,25073585,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,BocchiStar,"My first 100% completed game, with all the achievements. (I also solved all the puzzles on my own. feel so proud of myself.:)Conclusion: The ONE BEST puzzle game I've so far played. One of the BEST games I've ever tried.(Haven't played a lot of games anyway.)I didn't buy the previous two games of this trilogy, nor played them or read about them before, but I DONT really think that this affects the playing expereience.Full of blood, betrayals, puzzles, and time travels. This is the largest timeflow chart I've ever seen, with so many decisions and corresponding consequences. really had a great time going through all these pieces of ""clips"" to find clues of the truth.The story is fantastic, with all those vivid characters and thrilling plots. As a sci-fi fan, I enjoyed going from a timeline to another, experiencing the ""butterfly effect"".  I actually solved all the room escapes when my game time reached 18 hours, but end up spending another 10 hours watching those clips, so that I can get the full view of the story. The Biggest Puzzle in this story is not one of those room escapes, but the STORY ITSELF.The room escapes are challenging yet interesting. Get ready for a hard fight, since a few brain teasers are involved. I enjoyed the sense of satisfactory after each success.One thing that makes me feel disappointed is, that I realized that I've spent 20+ hours on this game these days. God I wish I were able to Transport to the past... 12/10."
,Recommended,311240,24717058,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jprtc,"The story is filled with too much complex motives to explain.Seriously though, a really good experience just like the first two games 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, Though I have no idea why they aren't on steam yet, you SHOULD play them before this one."
,Recommended,311240,30866424,Posted: 31 March,all,Aruz,"Game's a ""meh"" vote. The other two games left me curious about what would happen next and satisfied at their endings. Only reason I recommend this game is just to finish the trilogy and get at least some questions answered (I say some because the ending was unsatisfying)Pros:Fun to playI still enjoyed the time I spent playing itTougher PuzzlesGreat voice acting (JP at least)Some of the scenes were really well executed (minus animation)Cons:Janky Animations/Cutscenes (extra bad because the game is about 80% cutscene)Related to above, can't speed through any dialogue because of the switch from VN style to cutscene (skip button will skip multiple lines)Some of the technologies and plot points didn't feel natural or believableNew fragment mechanic is interesting, but makes it easy to get lostInstead of a proper epilogue, you just get some text files telling you what happenedThe memory note writing thing is far clunkier than VLR's, but this is minor since on PC you can just use notepad"
76561197972223037,Recommended,311240,31345742,Posted: 24 April,all,Edge_DragoonRider,and incredible--unforgettable experience.
,Recommended,311240,24147289,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,OctoChan,"An endless parade of gut wrenching decissions.  A labyrinth of plot twists.  A masterwork of video game story telling.  This is exactly what 999/VLR fans had spent three years begging for.Oh sure, the animations are awful, but in an era where triple-A developers will swear up and down that they need hyper realistic skin textures and facial animations to tell an 'immersive story', it's nice to a see small-scale studio kick their collective asses."
,Recommended,311240,25540702,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Niiyo-chan,"As a casual fan of the series, I enjoyed this game. I've heard from more passionate/hardcore fans that they were disappointed in a lack of answering long-term questions, but as somebody who relied on in-game references/summaries to catch me up on what I may have forgotten from playing the previous games years ago, I was thoroughly satisfied with the story I got.The story will make you disoriented and confused (in a good way), but perhaps not quite as immersed as the previous two chapters. The story navigation heavily builds on Virtue Last Reward's manually selecting which timelines to resolve to a gigantic extent, but it often leads to doing events out of order which can be confusing at first.Puzzle difficulty is pretty uneven. Some rooms, even later rooms, are easy to fly through with much thought, while others may require note-taking and/or memorization. One room in particular may be difficult for those less versed in mathematical number sense. If you ever do get stuck, Vaelis_RHS's walkthrough onGameFAQs.comis pretty spoiler-free and easy to navigate."
,Recommended,311240,27106985,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Boruto's dad,"One of the best games ever to hit the steam market. If you want a game with great plot that leaves you with a ""those were the best 20 hours of my life"" then this is the game you are looking for."
,Recommended,311240,23984363,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nipz,"This game is so awesome!!I highly recommend that you play 999 and Virtue's Last Reward first but its unnecessary since this game is fairly beginner friendly. I remember playing 999 a long time ago and then VLR back in 2013. Back then this game was cancelled because of bad sales but there was a movement called Operation Bluebird that got it back up and asked for a 3rd game. VLR left a lot of plot holes that were finally filled in Zero Time Dilemma. I might be biased but it feels so awesome that they actually made this game to complete the series!!It feels so good to have known what happened at Dcomm and how the events of VLR started.Anyway for an actual review.The sound track is great. I loved the music throughout the series. There's suspense music, scary music, awe filling music for those d'awwww times.The story is well written and the story lines help a bunch. It all makes sense eventually for every story line and you can go down them to figure out what happened. There's certainly some major mind ♥♥♥♥ery going on but its the good kind that makes you think ""WOW! That was awesome"". If you enjoy Steins;gate, Umineko or other mystery-esk visual novels of that sort then you'll definitely enjoy this one.The graphics are pretty good. What I would expect from a funded game company. They definitely didn't slack on that although you can still notice clipping at times and some models look out of place. I'm looking at you Desert Eagle. Overall though, its decent enough that it won't take you away from the story which is the most important part.The characters are well written. Although I'm kind of bugged that Sigma and Phi seemed different from the previous one but they go back to their normal selves eventually. I loved their team's arc. Junpei changed a lot but its explained why that happens. Akane seems the same but now Junpei and Akane have a chance at a future together which is AWESOME. Carlos, Mira, Q and Eric are completely new characters which are pretty cool by themselves. They fit an archtype that was remeniscnet in the previous two games.Puzzles were moderately challenging. I sometimes get stuck because I forgot to find one item in the room so I highly recommend that you: LOOK AROUND, COLLECT ALL THINGS, TRY ALL THINGS ON ALL THINGS if you're stuck. Definitely helps. None of the puzzles took too long and/or were too hard. They granted a sense of acomplishment when completed which is the desired effect I guess. There is a distinct lack of puzzles though but you're here for the story, not the puzzles.It took me about 20 hours to beat this game. So about $2 an hour for this game assuming it costs around $40 dollars for you. Not bad. I'd recommend it."
76561197979993993,Not Recommended,311240,31883861,Posted: 21 May,all,Christoman2000,"Let me just start off by saying I am a huge Zero Escape fan. 999 and VLR are both some of my favorite games made and Iove them. But Zero Time Dilemma is easily the worst game in the series.If you play this game without playing the previous games, you may be able to enjoy it but you will be extremely lost in the some story elements and plots twists will be a lot less impactful. However, if you have played the other games, ZTD does a horrible job of wrapping up the series. Story elements from the end of VLR are not answered, the characters feel much more one dimensional, and the plot twists are stupid and underwelming. In other words, there is no group of people that will fully appreciate and love this game. Not to mention the story is extremely tedious with the fragment system, the escape rooms are dull in general, and the new style is horrible because of the robotic animations.If you want to complete your OCD with the franchise so there are no loose ends (which this game will not tie up), then play. Everyone else, just get the Nonary Games collection."
,Recommended,311240,31620781,Posted: 8 May,all,Adult Mcadultson,"DO NOT PLAY IF YOU HAVE NOT PLAYED ""Zero Escape: The Nonary Games"" (Or you've played 999 and VLR separately)"
,Recommended,311240,24422747,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ipixelface,dis is some kind of SAW thing
76561198045724787,Recommended,311240,24875434,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,lordhelldana,10/10 would 100% again
76561198107979359,Recommended,311240,24918105,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,JohnWick Boogeyman,"Amazing story to this game. I've experienced so many space time theory stories like: Ghost Trick, Edge of tomorow, Interstelar, Steins;Gate to name a few. but i have never experienced a theory where all of them existed as one. it's so refreashing to be taken by surprise on how good a story could get when all i was expecting was a funny butterfly effect simulator.The music to this game was 10/10. i absolutely loved the soundtrack, its so thriilling and original. from tear jerking to heart racing (and ofcourse the mind stimulating(for puzzels))Animation isnt that great however i strongly belive that this could be made into a 24 episode anime/show, its end game is so worth it.As a game the puzzles are cool how all outcomes link to one, but it it really shines in the cinematics. i recomend watching a youtuber play it or pick it up on sale for £7."
76561198008779432,Recommended,311240,33572161,Posted: 15 July,all,Erasculio,"A great game, ending an amazing trilogy. There's less of a focus on puzzles and more on narrative choices, but the story is so great that it works very well. The PC port is perfect.Just be sure to play the previous games before you play this - 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, both available on Steam under the title ""The Nonary Games"". Playing Zero Time Dilemma without playing those two before would rob you of much of its impact."
76561197993459184,Recommended,311240,35217977,Posted: 26 September,all,c0mplete,Not as good as 999 or VLR. But well worth it if you've played both of those games first.
,Recommended,311240,26616305,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,RiPpA,"Overall, I'd say the game was great. Not as amazing as the previous entries in the series, but still worth playing through.The main down sides in my opinion are just how the story plays out in the end, and the puzzles do seem a tad easier than in VLR. I remember needing to look up where to find 1 or 2 andswers for VLR whereas ZTD I was able to solve myself.I guess another personal negative is the lack of cat puns by sigma :P"
76561198030686590,Recommended,311240,24773564,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Drake Ravenwolf,"TL:DR = If you like the Saw movies, you'll enjoy this game as wellNow for the long version.  I never played the previous two games in this series and so it was harder to get into the story then I assume it would have been otherwise.MORPHOGENETIC FIELD!!!I did not understand why the designers would have the story jump around like it does; eg from one ""history"" where people may be dead that your choices should not have caused to jumping forwards and backwards in the timeline.  All I can say is; trust that this is NOT the game ""not saving your decisions"" and there is purpose to it all.  I do believe they could have improved the experience; maybe by showing exactly where each fragment lay on the timeline BEFORE playing through it, but irregardless I greatly enjoyed this title and fully recommend it to anyone who liked the Saw movies.I do have three additional warnings however.1) The price tag is a bit steep for what you get at $40, I'd suggest waiting for it to go on sale first2) The first section of the game is a bit slow and repetitive - stick with it, and do not be afraid to make bad choices - you'll be able to change them later3) DO NOT cheat and look at the passwords guide until the very end or you saw the password in your playthrough but forgot it - those road blocks are there to make you experience the other sections before coming back with the correct answers"
,Recommended,311240,24332622,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Dapgo,"999 is a masterpiece, VLR is a great game and now ZTD is good, this for me is the weakest game in the trilogy but still goodThe bad:-Horrible animations (robotic movement for when characters run or do something thats supposed to be quick)-Pretty big changes for previous characters (personality and hair color)-Choices don't matter... (and the new fragment gameplay makes choices insignificant)-There is no final ""gauntlet"" of tougher puzzles, like in 999 or VLR where in the true ending you would go through tougher puzzles to get to the end-Ending is pretty terrible for such a great trilogyThe good:-Fun puzzles, large variety of different themes and types-Story is weakest of trilogy but still good-Feels in some storylines (not nearly as much as 999 but still felt)-Interesting password systemCould have been MUCH better but its a must play for fans of the series although really flawed."
,Recommended,311240,24130853,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Glitch Bitch,"11/10 recommended if you like riddles/puzzles and want to play something that will leave you weeping and screw with your mind, play 999 (9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors) and Virtue's Last Reward before this though."
,Recommended,311240,24096697,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ThatPazuzu,"This is a very, very good game. The puzzles are difficult and rewarding and the story is told in a fascinating way. I recommend this to anyone who likes intrigue, narative theory, or really dumb anime♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,311240,23993715,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dumb Bunny,"A fitting conclusion for the Zero Escape trilogy! With its twists and its own shenanigans, I really recommend it. Perhaps not worth the $40, more along the lines of $30, but still a very good time."
,Recommended,311240,23942449,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,pewpew,"The so expected sequel for 999 and VLR now on pc. Shame the games that came before didn't get a port too as of now, but i am very happy about being able to experience Junpei and Sigma in glorious 1080p. Game is genial, looks gorgeous on the pc (animations feel a bit dull and some effects are laughable, but you can put that aside regarding that it is a vita and 3ds port). Characters really feel that they changed between games [VLR AND 999 SPOILERS, but if you didn't play them you really should before going to ZTD] Junpei feels like an edgy teen adult now, Diana really is the way you expect the woman who inspired Luna to be, Sigma seems like a 70 year old stuck in that body, but that is done very slightly and not the ""haha funny"" way, which is amazing, and Phi is just amazing in this game. Is it the best franchise i ever played? Of course. Do i recommend it? Only if you played 999 and ZTD, otherwise things get very complicated and you aren't going to get half of what they're saying about morphogenetic fields and stuff. So, this is one of those games where the score you are going to give to it ends up being how much you like the franchise, for me it it 11/10, but for someone who looks at Sigma being a 70yo stuck in a 20yo and says ""wth"", it is not."
,Recommended,311240,24051844,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Archangel Yuji,Akane! <3
,Recommended,311240,23936780,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Coops,"I finished the game on vita before the steam port launch and after finally playing my most anticipated game of 2016 I can honestly say without a shadow of a doubt that this was an absolutely amazing experience I will remember for years to come. Well worth the wait. I wouldn't reccommend playing this unless you have finished the first two games. The extra context can really enhance this game. That being said you can still enjoy this title with no knowlege of the first two games, but i can garentee it won't leave as big of an impact on you as it would a seasoned veteren of the series. They also don't spoon feed you the answers to the many questions on your mind as you play the game, even after you finish the game you will continue to ponder the many revelations that occur.I loved everything about this game however I do have one negative critisism. Being a story-focused game, they left more loose ends then I would have liked. This actually keeps the idea of a 4th game in the series entirely possible. I'm open to this idea, but I'm sure many wanted the series to come to an end.However that being said, I couldn't stop playing the game. Worth buying a 2nd time..."
76561198164248861,Recommended,311240,25188905,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Zayo Da Dong,"I love this game. It has recieved some mixed reviews, but honestly I feel like for what it is, it does very well."
76561198031994154,Recommended,311240,33601929,Posted: 16 July,all,vegard,"Not as good as the nonary games, but still a very fun game..I like the cinematic presentation, it is quirky, but I think it works very well. I also find the puzzles more casual and entertaining than VLR, and think the story works well. It fails to fullfill the ambitous promises of VLR, but it stands well on its own.The game is certainly flawed. The fragment-design makes storytelling incoherent and mechanical, Mira and Eric does not really have much of a role other than being bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy, and worst of all, at the very end of the game they suddenly inform the player that there was another character present the entire time. This was a key player, but they ""just didnt care"" until the end.It is no 999, but this is a fun game wich (mostly) wraps up Zero Escape."
,Recommended,311240,28848425,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PresidentBJ,"This game has me torn although I enjoy it as a fan of the series I do recognize it as the weakest link of the three. As a result of VLR I think this game was needed as the plot in that specific game revolves around the events that happen in this game.The game does a very good job at expanding the story of VLR, but at the same time when everything's resolved in the end of this game the plot holes and plot conveniences pile up fast.  Though I do recommend the game as it has a lot to offer and wraps up VLR plot threads save for a few.The story can be understood with this game alone, but as a result loses a lot of character depth, don't buy this alone wait till the nonary games are released on steam if at all interested.At least play 999, it works as a standalone game and honestly works on its own, not to say I don't think the rest of the series is worth it, I mean...Phi in VLR is my favorite character in these games."
,Recommended,311240,23936107,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,RNGsus,"Absolutely brilliant. Although, I would suggest playing the second one before this one, as you'll be really confused. First game is explained enough in the second to be skipped, but this one isn't explaining enough of the second to skip it straight to the third. Not a complaint, just a warning. The game is insane."
,Recommended,311240,24286126,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,speckleflecks,"I finished Zero Time Dilemma about a day ago and the reason I'm only writing this review now is because I wanted some time to process my final thoughts on it before I sat down to write them out. I'll skip to the end and say that Zero Time Dilemma was not a satisfying experience for me, and I wouldn't recommend buying it at it's current price (40 USD). Buy it when it's on sale, though, and see if you like what it's got, especially if you played the previous Zero Escape games.I should note that this review is coming from someone who played 9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors and Virtue's Last Reward and enjoyed both games, but thought each had room for improvement in gameplay at the very least. I've been waiting 4+ years for this game - I certainly went into it with some expectation that I'd like it in some capacity, but I don't think that made much of a difference in this case.The main problem I have with Zero Time Dilemma is that it feels...lost. And I don't mean just in the story, although I certainly got that vibe during many of the cutscenes with regards to characterization (more on that later). As a whole game, it's not cohesive. It lacks what I think of as the primary thing a game needs to have for me as a player - the engagement to have me keep going. And, more importantly, not resort to a guide because I wasn't invested enough in either my time or the story to give an attempt at That One Puzzle one last time.ZTD feeds the story to the player in fragments. This is a departure from the previous entries in that you never really experience a linear storyline and you can't spoil yourself in the interface to judge what happens next. It's an interesting idea in concept and makes for a lot of cool ""What in the seven hells is even going on"" moments in the early parts of the game.You also have a flowchart. Let's talk about the flowchart.I assume that the flowchart was added as an anti-frustration feature for players that would be confused by the non-linear narrative. Which is perfectly understandable, but in execution it backfires tremendously. It points to all the endings, which should be helpful, but it also encourages binary thinking. For example, if I'm at a decision point, and the decision is asking me to decide who killed XYZ, and I can see that there are only 2 branching paths, my train of thought isn't going to be ""Who is most likely to be the killer?"" it's ""Who is most likely to fit into one of those 2 branching paths?"" Which, considering the game is trying to be as non-linear as possible, is not helpful in the slightest, especially when many of the answers to these scenarios rely on thinking outside the box. I like when solutions to dialogue trees aren't cookie-cutter A or B choices, but not when the game's interface discourages me from approaching a mindset that considers choice C.Some fragments will also only be available after you clear a certain number of events, which would be fine, excepthowyou obtain new fragments is never explained anywhere in the context of the game. Many, many people have gotten stuck because of this, myself included. And while I don't mind having to look up a guide to get the endings because I couldn't figure out the one path of the tree I hadn't taken yet (see 999), I don't really like having to look up a guide because I wasn't aware of the conditions to obtain those endings in the first place.Also, this game is not configured for PC. I noticed when I booted it up the first time that it lacks options to configure graphics and sound settings, but didn't think anything of it until the cutscenes actually started playing. I understand that this was primarily meant to be a 3DS release, but if I'm playing on PC I'd at least like theoptionto configure the game so that my incredibly beat up laptop can handle it. Never mind having to keep the game open in a 800 x 600 window just for the cutscenes to not lag and look horrendously janky, and I didn't figure that out until I was about 18 hours in.That said, when it comes to the graphics and gameplay, I was willing to overlook it because those have never been the Zero Escape series' best points. So. The story. What about it?Honestly, I feel like the writers got switched somewhere along the line, because a lot of the characterization in this game is just...weird. For both new and returning characters. New characters aren't consistent and there's a lot of nonchalant behavior about some of the things that are revealed, likeMira being a serial killeris addressed in maybe 3 timelines and never brought up again, not even in the true ending (if you don't count the additional files that are revealed post-ending). I would think that would be significantly more important than a shrug and a hand wave, especially in a life or death situation, but none of the other characters seem to care.That's just one example. Many of the relationships between the characters, both pre-established and otherwise, feel like they're...flopping around awkwardly, maybe not quite working the way they're supposed to but hey, if the writing can fake it then it works, right? Except this time around it couldn't and the end result is...Well, this game.Some plot points that especially stretched (and even broke) my suspension of disbelief, which you can come back to after you've played the game or don't mind being spoiled:The transporter pods. Seriously,the transporter pods. Whose idea was this? What kind of whacked up timey-wimey sci-fi novels have you been reading!? (Or alternatively: was this seriously the best you could do?)Sigma and Diana's relationship. I sort of get this one, but it's still weird, mostly because one the consenting parties is actually a 67 year-old man...and that they also consummate their speedy relationship on one of those freaking transporter pods.Mira being a serial killer, as mentioned above.Left/Free the Soul. Considering their importance and the number of supplementary materials about them in VLR, there could have been a lot more done with this, but it was swept under the rug.Junpei and Akane's relationship. Actually, Junpei's character in general. Working as a detective must be really difficult in 2028 if he ends up that bitter after only working at it for a year.Mind-hacking. Might have been cool, but when stacked up on everything else, it makes the pile crumple faster.The most important thing, though, is The Twist. 999 and VLR each had their own Twist, and each was mind-numbingly awesome (VLR's required a bit of suspension of disbelief, but not too much). This game's Twist...is not really like those Twists. The message delivered by the Twist is also not like the previous Twists. In fact, the message I came away with from this game is that horrible people can do awful things, but as long as it was all in another timeline, who cares? And I feel like that wasn't what the writers wanted to say, but the way everything was executed, I can't help but think that they wrote the story of this game by following that theme. And that makes me sad and disappointed. The Zero Escape games have always carried this underlying message of ""light at the end of the tunnel"", and although that stretched to ""light at the end of a really, reallylongtunnel"" in the second installment, I never felt like the endings were a departure from the message of the overarching plot.Zero Time Dilemma's ending is. If you're okay with that, then maybe this is a good game for you and you'll enjoy it immensely, but as for me, I think I'd just like to close the book on this particular story and move on to better things."
76561198171830001,Recommended,311240,23954740,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,linnense,"So far so good! A very different format from the previous two games; more cinematic than narrative which personally I think helped the flow of things.Things to note:1. Facial Expressions are much better than what we thought in the previews. Still awkward when in neutral expression, but Sigma isn't limited to ""Constant Disgust"".2. They didn't indicate what the controls are for the PC, so you have to figure out as you go. It's a little awkward honestly.3. If you have a low end PC like mine(one built for Office, not games), it should still be possible to run it. To my surprise I didn't have to turn down or off any of the default settings!4. As mentioned before, its strongly advised to play the first two games first. You could play this standalone, however would be missing out in the experience and spoil the first two.Either way, the wait was agony and I'm glad I can finally play this game!EDIT: After finishing the game 100% I can actually recommend it to others. If you loved 999 more than VLR, however, you may have some qualms with the story.The Morphogenetic Fieldis a very important part of this game as time is very wibbly-wobbly, which was already hinted at with the flowchart.As for the gore, I didn't think it to be as horrible as others proclaimed, maybe I'm desensitized to it, but the actual moment of murder, save for some, were censored by the camera angle. And due to the fact that they weren't elaborate with the modeling, the worst thing that comes out of a dead body is blood.Another thing to note: You will at some point get stuck in the flowchart. It is inevitable. And frustrating. In that point the best thing to do when you're out of places to go, is back to the decision game fragments and redo the choice. A prime example of this isexecutionswhere you need to physically make the choice twice to view the event if it didn't work the first time.*Any spoilers listed are either from the previous games, or something revealed in the game early on, but for the sake of those going in blind they've been redacted."
76561198299202219,Recommended,311240,24276760,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,CloverChiaki96,"Even though this game did not work on my PC, I had to play it via 3DS. However this series has been amazing, the puzzles, the story, and atmosphere make this game one of my favorite games that I have played in a long time. I highly recommend playing 999 and VLR first to understand the circumstances of Sigma, Diana, and Phi and Junpei and Akane. It is easier to follow this way. Even though this wasn't my favorite game in the series, I still loved playing it and getting the conclusion to the first part of the series. I highly doubt this is the end of the series, and there will be a 4th volume in which I am certain will be as good or better than this game. The only thing that I didn't like was that it did not provide as many updates on past characters as i thought it would. Overall this game is amazing, and I highly recommend buying the 999 remake when it launches on Steam and Vita. As well as Virtue's Last Reward which is my favorite, I am hoping that the remake for the first game adds a flowchart and maybe additional endings.Overall for me the series has gotten.999: 9/10VLR: 9.5/10ZTD 9/10"
,Recommended,311240,23982587,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Spicyman33,10/10 has funyarinpa and cat puns
,Recommended,311240,24066357,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hakkai,"This game is the third episode of the Zero Escape series.You don't need to play the other two to understand this one but it will spoil both game if you don't, so you should probably wait for their future release on steam or play the console version.If you did played the previous games and liked them, you don't even need this review to buy the game and enjoy it.Puzzles was okay, music was fine, the fragment system was a good idea and the story got some really nice unexpected twists. Only the 3D Cell Shading look might be a bit disturbing at first but you'll get used to it pretty quickly.Oh, it's also fully voiced and you can select between the japanese or the english dub, that's great !"
,Recommended,311240,25052346,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ドラザラー,I have to say I enjoyed this title. Expect something somewhere between the mind ♥♥♥♥ that is Higurashi no Naku Koro ni and the the hopeless head on train wrech with no survivors that is Sukuru Deizu.
,Recommended,311240,24127954,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SidAlpha,"Featuring full voice acting, multiple levels of depth and complexity, and and intriguing storyline, Zero Time Dilemma is a fantastic inclusion into the psychological thriller Genre and one that I have no reservations recommending to anyone who might be interested in a narrative based story with puzzles and intrigue.Review Excerpt:""Each scene has a series of events or choices in it that allow your team members to either live or die. Any time there is a choice.. or what Zero calls the ‘Decision Game” the team leader has to choose between options A,B, or sometimes C and D. Each choice has the potential for dire consequences for either one or more people. In addition to that, the scenes are all out of order. That’s done seemingly intentionally as so many aspects of this game are. This is rationalized by the devices the captives wear on their wrists. They inject them with a sedative and a compound that makes them forget every 90 minutes. This means you have to try and figure out and piece together the true sequence of events and also which events you need to try and avoid as they may cause the deaths of multiple people.The complexity of the game continues on further with at least one of the captives may not be all they seem to be, adding in even more intensity and general mistrust. Also there are even puzzles that can only be figured out if you pay attention to the dialogue and clues that you pick up from the character’s interactions.""See my full Critique here:https://youtu.be/TvuGrEloo5c"
,Recommended,311240,24482047,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,LevelUpMax,"A game about rewinding time when you completely mess up a decision and everyone dies....and then they die again later on.This is the third and final game in a story-heavy series, soyou'll probably need to play the other two via perfectly legitimate means if you want to fully enjoy this. Unless, of course, you have a ds and/or a vita.No-one has a vita."
,Recommended,311240,23939942,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Stormageddon Dark Lord of All,Guessed the first coin toss correctly. Was immediately let go free. Saved the human race in 9 minutes. Best game ever.
,Not Recommended,311240,25160618,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Codename: Juliette,"Short Version:Answers questions raised by VLR and does nothing more. ZTD is okay, but considering the rest of the series, that's probably the worst thing a Zero Escape title can be.Long Version:Unlike the other games in the series, ZTD is not a visual novel. It's a series of long cutscenes, interspersed with the usual puzzle rooms and choices. This method of narrative presentation baffles me, as it essentially removes the charming internal monologue of the POV characters while accentuating just how much standing around and talking there is in these games.Cutscenes are unskippable when you first view them. Unfortunately, this goes by a fragment-by-fragment basis, so if three fragments have the exact same tutorial cutscene... then you're gonna have to sit through it every single time.The modular method of storytelling is a huge missed opportunity and only serves to drag down the pacing of the story. The very basics of the scenario have to be repeated in unskippable cutscenes at the beginning of each fragment. Presumably, the meta reason for this was so players wouldn't get confused or feel compelled to play the fragments in a certain order, but after the third time you hear somebody explain the memory wipe drug, you start to see the problem.There's no incentive to try and make sense of how the timeline fits together, because characters have their memories wiped at the end of nearly every fragment so it ultimately doesn't mean jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's also blatantly displayed on a flowchart. What could have been a fascinating storytelling lense is instead one of the game's biggest flaws.I'm not gonna touch on the story's actual content much because I'm trying to keep this spoiler free, but the new characters are nothing interesting, and if you're familiar with the director's work you probably already know what their Character Twists are just by looking at them. Also Junpei's bizarre personality change is so cheesy, it wouldn't be out of place in the film noir episode of Sam & Max.I am bitter.Life is simply unfair."
,Recommended,311240,24400344,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,DarkKnightMax,"The mind-blowing finale of an incredible series!This game has a great story, interesting and mind-opening philosophical themes, and refreshing room-escape puzzles. So, if you like those things, I highly recommend playing this game, and the entire Zero Escape trilogy for that matter.With that in mind, if you really want to grasp the storyline of the game, maybe play the previous installments of the series first (999 and Virtue's Last Reward)."
,Recommended,311240,24288192,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,L O N E L Y D R I V E R,Time Traveling Gypsies. And Snails. That is all.
76561198076448352,Not Recommended,311240,30945578,Posted: 4 April,all,"He's dead, Jim!","I'm about 6 hours in and I'm having a hard time staying motivated to continue. The fragment system which let's (forces) you play story fragments makes the whole story experience feel disconnected and while I realize that this was exactly the intention and might come together later on nicely at this points it hurts the story and immersion a lot.It doesn't help that the characters feel very clichéd and the new 3D art style only deepens that problem. I feel like I have to watch a 3 second pan shot or a face close up after about every sentence. Some things which work fine in a 2D drawn visual novel just don't work out in a 3D environment at all.. Due to that and the mediocre dialog the conversations hardly ever feel not artificial and plastic.If you haven't played 999 or Virtue's Last Reward, play them instead. Not only is the story of Zero Time Dilemma based on those, they are also way better than this title and an easy recommendation. If you did play them, then it really depends how desperate you are for the end of the story. I assume I'll finish it at some point for that reason. Maybe that will change my mind about the game if the story comes together in a way which makes up for the flaws. But the flaws are there and hard to ignore."
76561198142557826,Not Recommended,311240,32120927,Posted: 1 June,all,☠Black Knight,"First of all, let's talk about Zero. In the first game, Zero was a mysterious and intimidating menace. The kind of character who was a man of few words, but every word he spoke had value. The second Zero was the opposite. He was sort of like the Joker, as evil as can be, but yet somehow charming and charismatic. Then we have this Zero... who is honestly so ♥♥♥♥ing boring I don't even care who it is anymore. He goes on and on and ON in such a monotone voice you will have tuned him out by his second sentence.I know the game is a visual novel, and I have no problems with a game that is 90% exposition. But if you are going to have the narrative be your main focus, then that narrative better not suck. This game's dialogue is so bad it made me want to gag.So how are the characters? They are worse. They are so badly written you can literally define them in 2-3 words. We have the whiney guy, the jerk guy, the over sensitive teen girl, etc. The only character I even found slightly interesting was Carlos, because he is the only one who isn't painfully annoying.And I understand that they had practically no budget. I am very aware of ""Operation Bluebird"" and how this game nearly never existed to begin with. But the animation still had no excuse to be this bad. There are single individuals capable of doing BETTER animation using FREE SOFTWARE then what we have here.But the worst part... this is an adventure game where you can't explore. You just get knocked out and magically teleport from room to room. Yaaaaaay. Just when you thought it couldn't possibly get any more boring... it gets even more boring.0/10 Honestly I don't have a single good thing I can say about this game. And that makes me sad, to see a series I love fall so low. Just buy ""Zero Escape: The Nonary Games"" on steam. It's two games that are infinitely better than this one, and half the price."
,Recommended,311240,23930907,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DialTheDude,"I called a coin toss by a plague doctor and won.Then I was treated to the end credits.This happened within 10 minutes. Best 10-minute, $40 game I ever played.EDIT:Someone informed me that there was a weird glitch where you can lose the coin flip and the characters begin to die. Might check it out later."
76561197971843252,Recommended,311240,24076778,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Vertanius,Junpei is a punkAkane runs around with a chainsawPhi gets hotSigma gets laidThe best way to continue the story10/10
,Recommended,311240,24011478,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Questerdaniel,"Wow, this game is coming to pc!Wow, finally a high definition and smoother zero escape experience is coming!Then i bought this game.And not after a long time I realized this port is actually awful... with lots of bugs include sound glitch. And horrible keyboard support....but u know what, still give it a positive review... because I am an idolt"
,Recommended,311240,24180215,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Strife,Good conclusion to the Zero Escape series!
76561198243701224,Recommended,311240,24177372,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tachyon,999/999 would recommend this game!
,Recommended,311240,24181077,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Idomeneo,"I'm a Chinese player,but writing in English so more people would probably read this.Well,when we talk about drama,we think of Shakespeare;when we talk about music,we think of Bach.And when I talk about video games,I think of Zero Escape.Really hope you'd agree after you try the series."
,Recommended,311240,24179971,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kuyra,"Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma is an amazing finale for this masterpiece triolgy. I recommend anyone who is into VNs, sci-fi, or just a game with a great rich story to check this game out.I would recommend playing (or at least reading) the story of the previous games."
,Recommended,311240,24014296,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SmashMalla,"The Zero Escape games are some of the best I've played and would reccomend to anyone.I usually don't care about story in a video game but the Zero Escape series are so well conveyed and interesting that I love them so much, I would suggest playing at least Virtue's Last Reward (the second game) first as the story in this game immediately starts from where that game ends. 9 hours 9 persons 9 doors (the first game) introduces the interaction that the whole series is based around and will enhance your experience of the series."
,Recommended,311240,24107658,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,fashionaaabluh,"if you don't like this game, you're wrong"
,Recommended,311240,23991440,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,hfz,"DAMNBRATSTOP♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TTINGMEOverall this game's pretty good, but at least you need to know what's going on in the previous two games."
76561198043087537,Recommended,311240,23999848,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,estetica,Zero Time Dilemma? More like the Roasting Each Other Game of 2016 amiright?
,Recommended,311240,24122745,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Level_Select,Six billion people need to play this decision game.
76561198090508803,Recommended,311240,24118495,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ælias,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥that mind ♥♥♥♥s you and will give you anxiety.An in-depth story that you SHOULD play the previous titles to get the full effect.I just love the series. The only caveat is in the first game where it doesn't allow you to skip sequences you already played only fast forward (but this is related on how the 'system of the game' works due to the character you're playing).
,Recommended,311240,24280146,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Nakazo,"I loved playing through this game, and have not yet played the other games. It is totally possible to play this and still understand the story, and from what I can tell the other games aren't really spoiled from this either, but might change your perspective on a few characters. Can't wait to play the other games when they arrive on PC"
76561197971305233,Recommended,311240,24007052,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Runie,First things first: MAKE SURE YOU PLAY NINE HOURS NINE PERSONS NINE DOORS AND VIRTUE'S LAST REWARD (in that order) BEFORE THIS GAME!The system requirements are misleading.  You can probably play this game on a lower end system than what its asking.  My own is:CPU i.5Nvidia GT 730 2GBRAM 8 GBAnd I was still able to play and run this game better than the 3DS or Vita could manage.  Graphics options are available via a config tool.
,Recommended,311240,24280584,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,PimpPanse,"The long awaited final episode of one of the best trilogies in videogames. One of the most immersive games I have ever played - do yourself a favor and play 999, VLR and ZTD, it will blow your mind!"
,Recommended,311240,27328361,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fritta,Best meme generator 2016
,Recommended,311240,23994064,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Zizou,The truth is invisible.
76561198108800591,Recommended,311240,23947431,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Maghull,The graphic of this game is better than Mighty No.9
,Recommended,311240,23959404,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,JQAM,"This is a very cool game. It inspired me to open up my own real life escape room business and informed a lot of the puzzle design. The story is rather confusing but has a lot of cool ideas. I'd recommend it but I paid like $35 on launch day and I felt that was a bit high. I took 4 grams of mushrooms and was too generally unnerved to continue after a few hours. Zero Escape games are extremely good and you should buy this so the Japanese continue making them, because they're not profitable in Japan."
76561198121671887,Recommended,311240,23947400,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,I'M FLYING. JACK.,"Ok so first things first, this game is for those who like to think. By that I mean philosophy such as schrodinger's cat.From the small amount of gameplay that I have played up to this point (an hour by the time I am writing this) I can say with confidence that this experiance is going to be very in depth in concluding the Zero Escape franchise. I would say buy this game for certainty due to how much I love the franchise. However, I strongly reccomend playing 999 first as that is the first game in this trilogy. Afterwards it's ""Virtue's Last Reward"". If you can't play them, watch a playthrough of both games before buying this game so that you will get the full enjoyment of what this game has to offer. With certainty, it is not difficult to call this franchise a hidden diamond as while it is one of the best and most thought provoking games I have ever played, it is unfortunatly overlooked by the mass amount of not only FPS games on the market but also larger companies's titles such as Nintendo and Bethesda. I will update this review in the future as to decide what the ranking out of 10 will be but for now, I reccomend you buy 999 and VLR. Finally, this game is certainly not for people who don't handle death and gore very well. Not to say it is like most horror films but the events that I know of from past titles says to me that this experiance should be handled with care.EDIT: I have just finished the game. I can strongly say due to the soundtrack, story and even the average animation, this game is most certainly a 9/10. Only held back by its poor quality animation and rather confusing story which requires a careful eye for detail. It may sound odd that a confusing story gets a 9/10 but trust me when I say, you don't want any of the zero escape series to be spoiled for you. This is a hidden gem of a game series."
76561198052515218,Recommended,311240,23956034,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Pengmaeda,All I gotta say is. That one single funyarinpa mention was all I needed to see to give this game a 11/10.
76561198038290247,Recommended,311240,23962141,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,NikaTurtle,"Okay, I'm not a 'professional' reveiwer, I only make these when I feel a game either really needs/deserves attention, or when something is horribly wrong.In this case, it's both.In what I've been able to play of ZTD, it lives up to the Zero Escape name, with witty dialogue and a whole lot of confusing you on purpose because that's just the kind of story this is. But I love that. I love being forced to think in such a different way, to accept things 'common sense' deems as fiction, in order to understand the plot. It's great.My only problem so far? The first puzzle I've gotten to is broken.I'll elaborate, while being vague enough not to spoil the puzzle, but in the pantry, you must open a drawer and get a key. Sounds simple, yes? The dialogue stating that the drawer opened came to me easy enough, but I could find no open drawer. Especially considering the game tells you exactly where this drawer is supposed to be, but I can't look at that area at all. And the key is needed to procede, as it unlocks both a code (which you could just look up online and move on) and an item (which kinda screws you over because that can't be worked around, this item is strictly needed).TL;DRI love this game, it lives up to the series, but one puzzle is broken and I'm very upset."
,Recommended,311240,24994725,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,hannover diggi,C O M P L E XM O T I V E S
,Recommended,311240,24008947,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Guitar Smash,I give it a perfect score of 9/9 Action Heroes
,Recommended,311240,24615206,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Chimpanreeve,"So, I recommend this game, but not as a Steam purchase (work that one out).Those that have played the previous games will understand this, but having 2 screens is essential for the puzzle rooms, only having 1 screen makes everything a lot more cumbersome, and quite frankly a pain to play.This series is one of my favourite series ever, and I wholeheartedly recommend you buy it on 3ds, but don't buy it on Steam."
,Recommended,311240,25011410,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,~ShadowCoatl~,"It's not often that a game makes me stay awake until I've completed it. This game did just that.This game most certainly has it's flaws. And were it any other stlye of game I'd probably give it a much lower rating, but this game is a Visual Novel at heart, and we need to remember that it didn't get a huge amount of funding.Let's talk about the good points first:STORY:The story for Zero Excape: Zero Time Dilemma is a continuation of the first two games: 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors (Nintendo DS), and Virtue's Last Reward (Nintendo 3DS and Playstation Vita). 9 people who had initally signed up for a government experiment testing whether people could live on mars or not, are captured by the mysterious ""Zero"" and forced to Decide whether the result of a coinflip would land on Red or Blue. IF they choose correctly: They free. If they choose incorrectly, though, they have to take part in Zero's Decision game until at least 6 of them are dead.The story is basically what got me hooked on the game, it's extremely story-driven; as were the previous two games. It does get a little confusing at times though. 9/10GAMEPLAY/CONTROLS:The game is more of a Visual Novel with Room Escape sequences every now and again. The controls are what you'd expect from a Room Escape game really, though it seems like it would be much easier to control with a controller. With a mouse I found myself accidentally clicking things when screen transitions happened, or being unable to drag the camera the way I wanted. With a controller those things would be nullified. Also the in game buttons have controller buttons shown on them, but no Keyboard Hotkeys.There are also times where the game doesn't tell you if you're missing something you need, so you have to either manually search for the part you're missing, or google it.Overall, it gave me some frustrations every now and then, but nothing major. 8/10SOUND:The music in this game is very, very good. It uses the same music from the previous two games, which brings back memories and can make you feel what you felt at those times. They music is also very good at evoking emotions, it's constructed in such a way that when the game wants you to feel tense, happy, sad, etc. You will.Personally I didn't try out the English voice acting, as usually it's fairly bad. English speaking people never seem to get inflections correct, and things that should sound one way end up sounding really cartoony, or just completely different. I may try out a few scenes with the english language on just to update this review, but it's not certain. As for the Japanese voice acting, I can't fault it really. A lot of the words that are said are in English though, and Japanese pronunciation of English words can be pretty lackluster. The subtitles also don't help, as they're subtitling the English dialogue, not the Japanese dialogue. This means that some translations are incorrect, and the way you read something might be said and toned completely differently.Overall, the music is amazing, as is the japanese dialogue, held back only by English words and the subtitling. 9/10GRAPHICS:The graphics in this game are fairly basic. The character models have obviously been worked on harder, or longer that the rest of the game models, they feel somewhat out of place at times when compared with their surroundings, or other 3D aspects/items. A lot of the textures look (and are) flat in a lot of cases, which leads to some things looking slightly weird and low rez.The animation in the game is.. pretty bad. The characters move stiffly, or not at all, and the lip synching is terrible in both Japanese and English languages. it never quite matches what the characters are saying. The animations basically just feel very rushed.Overall, I'd say the game lookes fine visually. The animations are sometimes painful to watch and the textures look flat and drab. 5/10In conclusion, despite it's flaws I think it's a great game, especially so if you've played the two previous.In total I'd score this game 85/100"
,Recommended,311240,25801890,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Sabeki,I just finished the whole game and look forward to the other 2 being ported to Steam.It was a good and fun story.
,Recommended,311240,24089633,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,gav!,"Fantastic game with over 20 hours of fun solid puzzle solving, intriguing story from an overarching story, interesting and likable characters.Highly recommended after playing previous games in the Zero Escape series: 999 and VLR."
,Recommended,311240,33528600,Posted: 13 July,all,Odeva Pawen,Zero did nothing wrong.
76561198071447872,Recommended,311240,24454592,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Skip Skip,"will make you mouth ""what the ♥♥♥♥"" multiple times."
76561197978600016,Recommended,311240,24289510,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Dingus,I freaking hate Eric.
76561198060946700,Recommended,311240,33253150,Posted: 4 July,all,Medusa seducer,"So, i've played this game twice: before and after playing 999 and VLR.As a standalone game, it's fairly decent. Quite confusing story, puzzles of varying difficulty, and somewhat meh characters. But the best part is: it doesnt spoil first 2 games, so you can still enjoy them after (well, for the most part).But as a sequel it's dissapointing. Sure, there are good parts, but I got a feeling that it didn't give what I wanted. VLR is still the best installment in a series.Still, definitely recommended, just for the ""hei, i'm playing this, therefore i'm smart"" feeling."
,Recommended,311240,23974050,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,White Glint,"Don't let my steam time with the game fool you, for various reasons I played the 3ds version to completion before buying it on steam.The pc version of the game is much better than the 3ds version which sufferes due to its low resolution.In general this is an extrememely high quality game, however although the puzzle are much, much better than the ones in 999 and zero's escape, I think the story is slightly worse than either of those games.Still an amazing game, and has a much better story than... well any other VN style game save 999, zero's escape and MAYBE Stein's gate, I would put this game above remember, never and ever as well.100% you need to play the first two games first, so hopefully you have a 3ds or vita (I prefer playing 999 on an emulator so that you can speed up the godawful text speed with frame skip) so buy this then play those first if you havn't. You may want to keep a spoiler free guide on hand for 999 since some of the puzzles have... unituitive solutions to say the least (I'm looking at you, note under the pillow).For god's sake, avoid all spoilers about any part of this series before you play it, because I don't think there is another series with twists as important to the ones that exist in these games, and knowing these twists would greatly decrease the impact of the games."
,Recommended,311240,23966806,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ojjjuj,number one game
76561198160079396,Recommended,311240,24629155,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ultra.blue19,my brain is pregnant10/10
,Recommended,311240,25712827,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Mayoto,"Play it, I know you want it."
,Recommended,311240,28056754,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Regike the Fluffy Queen,"Played the game on the vita, hence my low play time hereSeriously jsut play the game (Afzer having played 999 and Virtue's Last Reward) I don't want to say anything else."
,Recommended,311240,24383037,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Pajama Sampai,Eric is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,311240,30092274,Posted: 21 February,all,Fresh Produce,My motives are very complex
,Recommended,311240,24017615,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SiegDere,"Well... at least we got new pop-science memes. Thanks, Uchi."
,Not Recommended,311240,25702820,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,『qig』,"it's not a bad game but there's literally not a more disappointing way to end this trilogy.life is simply unfair, i guess."
,Not Recommended,311240,26164662,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Mmepoof,"I wish there was a so-so option, because the game wasn't bad, but it also wasn't the greatest. Being a fan of the Zero Escape series I kept on hearing that they wouldn't come out with a 3rd installement due to poor sales, not enough interest, etc.So when I was thinking of 999 and Virtues Last Reward one day, like I do. I decided to look up their page, and I was pleasently surprised to find that the third instalement showed up on Steam a month prior. I bought it right then and there.Unfortunetly I was a little dissapointed with the art style they went for, breaking a little of my nostagia. But that's okay, This was the 3rd of the series! I was so happy when I saw Sigma's arms blown off thinking ""That's how it happens!!!!"". But the excitement quickly faded, the depth of the conclusion was lacking. I was expecting a more, but I got fluff...I in no way regret buying it or playing it... I just wished it was as intriging to ME as the other two...."
76561198239083224,Recommended,311240,28427240,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,hi im spiderman,This is fun. Even tho it hurts my head a little.
,Recommended,311240,27958268,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tief,A Shakespearean family reunion about fighting the unfair world and mind haccs.The motives of the villain are very complex.8/10 too complex.
,Not Recommended,311240,28395707,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Junpei,"I initially posted a positive review of Zero Time Dilemma. I was wrong.I never finished the Mass Effect series, but I heard all about its awful ending. Having played through Zero Time Dilemma, I think I understand how the fans of Mass Effect felt. Zero Time Dilemma, as a conclusion, is one of the most lazily written endings I've ever seen. The way that every major plot point in the series seems so downplayed is insulting. The game is full of Deus Ex Machina-style moments because apparently Uchikoshi wrote himself into a wall. It seems like he wrote the beginning and middle and didn't even know how to end it.How did this happen? Here's my theory.9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors was never meant to have a sequel. Once it achieved a surprising amount of success, Uchikoshi extended the story. Virtue's Last Reward was a noticeable step down in quality when it came to the writing, most likely because it had to have ties to 999 (which is about as strong as a narrative as you can get, in my opinion), which limited its scope. However, for what it was, it did pretty well. 999 character arcs went nicely, the story still managed to be intriguing (though somewhat nonsensical), and the puzzles and atmosphere were amazing.Enter Zero Time Dilemma. VLR didn't sell well as they'd hoped. The budget was next to nothing. Uchikoshi knew he had to go back to D-Com for this last game, but had no other ideas as to what happened there when writing VLR (I hope). The development cycle was probably only a year or two, which left almost no time for editing the script. As a result, we get this mess.Some light spoilers ahead, but I figure I'd better close with the positives and negatives.+ Great atmosphere for most of the game.+ Some genuinely good moments.+ A few creative puzzles.+ Interesting narrative structure centered around playing things out of order.+ Puzzle room dialogue (always a highlight in this series)+ Includes a healthy selection of songs from 999 and VLR- Akane's personality does a complete 180, her actions and words completely contradict everything said in 999 and VLR.- Junpei's personality is the same way, to a certain extent. How he gets from here to VLR Junpei, I have no idea.- Clover and a bunch of other characters barely get a passing mention. Pretty disappointing seeing as this is the finale.- Repeating puzzles in every escape room.- Awful animations, some spotty English voice acting, and an overall lack of polish due to low budget.- Almost every major plot point from the previous game is downplayed and irrelevant.- Mira has one of the worst character arcs in anything ever.- Eric is a complete idiot, to the point where it breaks immersion.- Even though the 999 and VLR tracks are good, the game rarely brings any of its own music to the table.- Extremely rushed ending with awful closure, though at this point I wouldn't be surprised if they were lining up for yet another sequel.- Complex Motives ( you'll know what this means when you finish the game)I know you're going to finish the game regardless of what I say if you've beaten 999 and VLR. Who wouldn't? Those games are fantastic. However, be prepared to want to throw your computer away after you've finished this. Here's hoping, in the future, Uchikoshi can redo ZTD and give this series the ending it deserves."
,Recommended,311240,29126331,Posted: 8 January,all,Du luktar kiss,"This game will give you a mindgasm with its  interesting plot, twists and puzzles. It will hold you in a grip of suspense from start to finish. So if you have an itch for a great visual novel get this one or even one of the earlier games from this series.5/5"
,Recommended,311240,29176386,Posted: 10 January,all,PropagandaPanda,Loving this genre the more I play it.
,Not Recommended,311240,29792289,Posted: 8 February,all,big gay al,"pretty disappointing game..i was completely in love with the series, 999 and VLR are such fantastic games but this port is such a catastrophic disappointment. i could barely take it seriously because the character models look so weird and janky, expressions that were meant to be scared or upset or terrified were just totally diminished by the weird stuttery animations, awkward head spins and mouths that don't quite fit on the faces..often i actually laughed at scenes that were meant to make me emotional because the characters just looked so stupid..the way the timeline aspect of the game functions just makes no sense and is not necessarily interesting, nor does it make for a more fulfilling way to explore a storyline. being able to jump to any point of the game at any time in this way is extremely confusing even for players very accustomed to how VLR worked..even if you can take this mechanic as a positive thing it is at best a double edged sword - later when you are trying to finish off loose ends to reach certain endings it becomes totally unclear and confusing as to which bits you can even continue or not..puzzles are albeit pretty tricky - the ease of some of the older puzzle rooms was one of few complaints i had about those games,  but realistically they make even less sense than some of the more wild ones from the previous games and are very repetitive - i swear one of the rooms in this is just straight up from VLR? it's also very hard to control and i found myself constantly accidentally clicking on things i'd already clicked on when i was trying to slide my cursor to look around the room more - incredibly frustrating experience!!i haven't even finished the game yet but i have no desire to honestly, i spent most of this game earnestly spending time trying to unlock the puzzles  but as the game went on i hated some of the characters so much (particularly eric) that i just wanted to be over and done with it asap and followed walkthroughs online..edit: i finally finished the game and while it was interesting and i'm glad i got to experience all the plot and stuff, this game is still a huge let down and has so much potential to be something much better."
76561198040824791,Recommended,311240,24745627,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Velox,"Zero Escape is an outstanding series comprised of themes and ideas beyond that of the average video game.Zero Time Dilemma is no exception, as the game is cleverly structured with various mysteries that leave the player wondering the reasons behind it all.While advancing through the story, the player can switch between 3 groups of characters as they are forced to play a perilous game of life or death.- The characters all have unique personalities and I didn't find myself avoiding  a specific team.This time around, the player can pick which ""fragment"" of the story they want to complete for each of the teams.- Although the very nature of the game can create confusion, the in game flowchart keeps things organized as you progress throughout the story.Additionally there are puzzles within the game that encourage the player to search around and think about, but luckily there is a built in notepad to jot important information down.- The puzzles are well designed and fun, however there are some difficult puzzles that the player will encounter.If you have not already experienced the first two games in the series, I highly recommend doing so before diving into Zero Time Dilemma. It is best enjoyed as a sequel and not as an entry to the series."
,Recommended,311240,34741684,Posted: 4 September,all,Tonballsy,"Zero is an idiotJunpei is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Akane is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Carlos is pretty Ok for being new to this stuffQ is...Eric is an idiot crybabyMira is literally insaneSean.... SHAUUUUUUUUUNSigma is quite a different and smart person this time aroundPhi is just phi... with red eyebrows now because plot deviceDiana is horny...With all that said, great game 10/10.The ending is simply unfair, don't you think?"
,Recommended,311240,24120666,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,"Dwayne ""The Rock"" Johansen",C O M P L E X M O T I V E S
,Not Recommended,311240,30909824,Posted: 2 April,all,Zero fun dilemma,the real dilemma is trying to feel satisfied after finishing the game
,Not Recommended,311240,24474699,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,tbh,"Disappointed. Easily the weakest zero escape game. That said, I enjoyed playing it for most of the games duration. My disappointment comes from the final stretch of the game, but I won't get into spoilers.If you've read 999 and VLR, I suppose you'll no doubt read this for closure in any case. If you're new to the series, don't start with this.  You will just be lost and confused.II recommend people read the Infinity Series if you want stuff that won't leave a bad taste in your mouth. Notably ever17 and Remember11 (in that order). Uchikoshi was involved in those as well."
,Recommended,311240,32338232,Posted: 11 June,all,jam,zero time dilemma is nine hours of fun and the game is 30 hours long
,Not Recommended,311240,25262369,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Stice,"Overall: 3/10.I played the game to 100% completion, attaining all achievments.TLDR: Horrible animations, terrible dialog, and mediocre puzzle rooms makes this the worst of the three Zero Escape games. I cannot recommend this game to anyone. It's painful to watch, It's painful to listen to the bad voice acting, and the ""payoff"" at the end of the game felt contrived and flat.I have loved the prior two Zero Escape games, completing them both 100%. This, however, is not the same quality as the prior two on the 3DS.Graphics - 3/10 Horrible character 3D animations. There is no motion capture movement here, it's all via stiff animation techniques. It felt like a game from the early 1990's before motion capture was implemented. If a scene is too difficult to animate? Show a picture of the ceiling, or the wall and play a sound effect. Then show the animatronic characters again. The artists did a decent job with most of the models themselves, except with the dead fish-eyes everyone has. The one really bad character model is Mira. She's supposed to look sexy, with her oversized chest. Unfortunately she looks like a teenage boy's drawing of a hooker. Because all of the characters are more cartoon than real, it just looks sad. This cartoon isn't sexy, just comically bad to the point of being unintentionally funny. Overall, I think the game may look better on the low-resolution 3DS vs the PC. The PC just exacerbates the low quality graphics and empty environments.Sound - 3/10 English voice-overs are beyond cringe-worthy. They don't fit the characters at all. And the dialog doesn't match the emotion, or lack of emotion. Junpei sounds awful, and Zero's English voice is too low to hear. I ended up changing the voice overs to Japanese, who did a great job providing much needed drama, with English subtitles. Sound effects were often amateurish, sounding out of place and just wrong.Dialog: This has always been a problem with the Zero Escape series. Most of the time the dialog is okay with the occasionally painful banter. This game is mostly cringe-worthy. There are several times when a conversation is hijacked by a character so the science-fiction explanations are presented to the player. It's also common for characters to repeat confirmations to ensure the play knows what to do next. (Yes, you can skip any dialog IF you enable the feature in the options menu.) Eric, one of the most irrational and irritating characters in the game, inspired me to find this solution. Another problem is unnecessary cursing when it didn't make sense. Again, it's an attempt by the developer to sound more mature--only to end up sounding like a 13-year old who's angry with the world.Gameplay is divided into two styles - story and room escape. Considering how badly the animations were, and how slowly the dialog was going, I often skipped people's dialog. I would then click the Dialog Review button and read it instead. This was much faster, as the pacing sometimes ground to a halt. I really wanted to enjoy the experience and kept looking for a silver lining--I didn't find one. Instead, I simply got bored with it.The room escapes kept me going. None of the rooms were terribly difficult, though I was hoping for a bigger challenge.The biggest change for the series is how fragmented the storyline is. It makes sense near the end of the game why it was done this way, but it makes for a very disjointed experience. I didn't care for it. Especially 3/4 of the way through the game--you'll get stuck. The flowchart provided typically shows exclamation marks (!), but there won't be any. Because I don't play ""Find the Pixel"" to prod a game to continue the gameplay, I checked online. It turned out to be a choice I had not considered.I feel very let down by this game. I had such a great time with the prior games on the 3DS. The 2D graphics, while basic, were charming and required more of my imagination. The 3D models and environment felt like it was too much for the studio. A feeling that carried into the end of the game.Speaking of the end of the game... No spoilers here -- The story scene at the end of the game simply stops when you don't expect it. The game then starts rolling the credits that you CANNOT skip. Bad move. Unless you look for them, you'd miss the epilogue notes for the various characters.As I said at the start of this review: I cannot recommend this game to anyone. It's painful to watch, It's painful to listen to the bad voice acting, and the ""payoff"" at the end of the game felt contrived and flat. Don't waste your time."
,Not Recommended,311240,34539650,Posted: 27 August,all,Messenger,"The storytelling of ZTD is very unique, and I commend the devs for taking a chance and delivering something different.Unfortunately, it falls flat in a lot of areas because of the fragmented storytelling. You never feel invested in the characters and the choices you make (which is kind of important in a visual novel). It feels like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥answer to VLR. Too many plotholes, a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor ending, and dull puzzles.You have to play it if you've beat 999 and VLR, I don't blame you for wanting to see how the story concludes. Just try to get this on sale and manage your expectations."
76561197987987630,Recommended,311240,23940671,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Shaun,I got an ending in 5 minutes 10/10
,Recommended,311240,24420235,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,fever dream crab,"TL;DR - Generally solid but lackluster, without much fun, challenge, or cheeky dialogue to rescue it. Wait for it to go on sale, even if you're a fan of the series.6/10More below.---A valid and passionate attempt to finish out the Zero Escape series that falls flat in puzzle challenge and curve, character development, and an enormous amount of unsolved questions.It had a lot of potential - the voice acting is decent, the musical remixes and new tracks are on par with the rest of the series, and while most of the story's twists were predictable after a point, some DID leave me impressed at the amount of hidden foreshadowing and Uchikoshi's general ability to blow the player away. Given a few more months minimum of polishing the story and gameplay, this could have been an outstanding game to end the series with a bang. As it is, it sends the series out with a thousand more question marks and a wet, sad fizzle.Returning characters' consistency is all over the place, while new characters are flat and dull. Puzzle rooms are surprisingly empty in challenge for an M-label audience - outside two INCREDIBLY hard ones, most puzzles presented are either boring, extremely repetitive, or both, requiring less of the logic that other ZE titles favor and more just a pair of working eyes and an ability to see that ""X goes into Y"". When I become less excited for puzzles in favor of frustration over a third ""fit all the items in the box"" minigame with no change in difficulty, it speaks for how much fun I as a player am having and how much I want to continue the game for the sake of finding new things. And while the story had its moments, most of it felt like the writers were dragging their feet. Dialogue was stale, character chemistry was awkward, various points unresolved from 999 and VLR were not addressed even in passing, and (my biggest complaint) one particular twist anchoring much of the end of the game felt completely out of genre - a deus ex machina that tried to explain a lot but felt thrown in as an afterthought, not even touching the ideas of Quantum Theory and the possibilities of the human mind and body that existed in other games. It made the rushed ending even less enjoyable. Even the addition of epilogue files to try and wrap things up after the cinematics end falls short, several characters not even making an appearance for a ""happy ending"".THAT ALL SAID, THOUGH: I'm still a fan of the series, and I still do have a fondness for the purpose of this title, even if this game is on the bottom of the trilogy by a long shot for me. If you have played the other two Zero Escape titles (and you should - much of this game won't strike as hard if you're playing it blind), then I'd recommend getting this for the sake of completion and some manner of story resolution... but NOT full price. Lack of engaging puzzles, a 20-hour-max play time and no major replayability afterwards really makes it hard to defend the $40 USD price tag.Wait until a good Steam Sale if you're that desperate to pick it up."
76561198076660484,Recommended,311240,23936598,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,KamiTango,got an endning within 6mins into the game 10/10.
,Not Recommended,311240,29983482,Posted: 17 February,all,Kyrie72,"I played and loved 999 and Virtue's Last Reward. I waited with bated breath for Zero Time Dilemma, but quickly discovered that I should not have held my expectations so high. The animation is janky, the dialogue is awkward, and the once interesting plot is bogged down by so many holes that the few clever reveals and twists are not enough to save it. Unless you can get this game for near free then I recommend you watch the cutscenes on YouTube because it will be a slog. What started as a series about time travelling consciousnesses has turned into a 20-hour trek through Wikipedia selecting related articles on parallel worlds, Sophistry, quantum theory, and fallacies.The puzzles are few and far between and are remarkably simple. The ones that are more difficult basically require brute force to solve. Of course, puzzles are subjective, so it's fair to say for some they will be harder so I won't spend too much time here. The controls are a little broken so I often found myself clicking where I didn't want to click and zooming in or out when I wanted to look around or interact with something.Without going into too much detail to avoid spoilers I will say that the biggest reveal is only possible because the game deliberately lies to and tricks you through omission. Think Heavy Rain here. If you don't mind spoilers then theseGame FAQ links will detail everything for you (although without context it might not make sense)https://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/175993-zero-escape-zero-time-dilemma/74031394https://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/175993-zero-escape-zero-time-dilemma/74019274?jumpto=60Finally, the game frequently breaks its own lore and logic and makes mistakes with its own assertions by ignoring the mathmatical and logical facts of things like the gambler's fallacy to make its timeline seem fair. And much like Mass Effect 3, it sets you up with a series of seemingly consequential choices that in the end only result in you playing to the result it wanted.Great concept, poor execution. Maybe next time, Chunsoft."
76561198048627555,Recommended,311240,26181902,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Silvervase,End this game in 5 min. Cry a lot when they're remember everythings.Best game with best plot ever 11/10
76561198069764551,Not Recommended,311240,33334165,Posted: 6 July,all,FirePhoenixFox,"So....ZTD.I've played both 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors and Virtue's Last Reward, this game's predecessors.  Both of them are amazing. VLR being my personal favorite in the series. Luckily, you can buy them both on Steam! (Finally.)Sadly though, we also have this game. Don't get me wrong. As a game, it's definitely a decent find. It's got twists, turns, funny jokes, interesting characters, and a reference to Back to the Future. What more could you want?Closure. That's what.Sure, it does wrap up the plot and all, but it doesn't do a truly clean or satisfying end. The ending of VLR was setting up the finale to be a big ol' bonanza jamboree. A big climax that would satisfy any fan. And they fell short of the mark.Furthermore, at various points, I felt that the dialogue and plot were getting rather repetitive, a hard thing to get away from with the way they've set up the plot all jumbled together like, but they'd managed to fix that in VLR, so it's a little annoying here.And speaking of annoying, gosh darn. The Q side of the story has that in spades. It has its good moments, but of all three groups, it has the most weak or even just terrible sections. As one may be able to tell from the trailerEric goes gun-crazy a lot. And unlike how weapon-crazy characters have gone in the last two games, where they went weapon-crazy at about the same time into the plot for the endings that had them, it seems like Eric just whips out a shotgun and waves it around whenever a puzzle room is complete. Sadly, I'm just nitpicking here.Also, the game centers around these Decision Games, where you are meant to make tough choices that lead down several different paths. While some of these are used to good effect, plot-wise, many of them seem to be there just for padding purposes or to fulfill certain things. Many decisions are either extremely obvious as to which the right answer is orin the case of the final flippin' choice,don't actually matter which you pick. Generally speaking, you'll find most of the good Decision Games (and the best plot moments (and the best (and most) puzzles, for that matter)) in Carlos's group.In the end, the is a good game, mechanically. And this is an okay game, plot-wise, it just can't seem to stick a good, satisfying landing. But as a Zero Escape game? It pales in comparison to its predecessors. It's like Sticker Star for Paper Mario, or Mass Effect: Andromeda for Mass Effect. As games go, it's fine, but as a member of the series? You shouldn't touch it. However, you kinda have to, if you're a big fan of the series. After all, it has the ending, however muddled and unsatisfying it is.Gameplay: 8/10. Not exactly original, but it keeps up the pace its predecessors set here.Presentation: 7/10. Puzzle Rooms look great. Scenes look a little wonky, but you'll get over it. Runs pretty smoothly too.Story: 3/10. It's kinda garbage. Some of the plot splits made due to Decision Games make little to no sense, and it is far less satisfying than previous works in the series.Writing: 6/10. Snappy dialogue from old cast members and the new guys they hang with. Team Q lags behind a bit here, but they have their moments, though sparse they may be.5/10. Get it if you've played the others, or if you like room escape games. It's good for that. A game like this generally lives or dies by its plot and writing. If the presentation or gameplay go down, it sure does hurt, but it's hard for it to be amazing with a crap plot or crap writing.Get it. Just, for the love of all that is holy, get it on sale. Not worth full price, as much as I hate to say it. This one really got my hopes up."
,Recommended,311240,27588688,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rei2 no Imouto,"i don't know what the f*ck is going on, 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,311240,23972903,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,BillBoyTM,"This game is a fantastic follow up to the other games in the Zero Escape Series; 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors, and Virtue's Last Reward.Originally, this game wasn't going to exist.  There was even an official announcement years ago that a third game in the series would most likely never happen. After a while, the creation of a third game became an inside joke to fans of Zero Escape similar to ""Half Life 3"" jokes that you see all over the internet. Eventually, this third game became a reality when Spike announced it in 2015.After getting about 7 hours into the game, I am writing this review. Steam didn't account for two hours of my playtime offline. Anyway, having experienced somewhere around 1/5 of Zero Time Dilemma, I can gladly say that Spike delivered on what the Zero Escape fanbase has been asking for all this time. There are many references to the previous games, some comical and some plot related, and the interactions between characters from 999 and VLR are to die for in Zero Time Dilemma. The voice-acting cast is superb for each role, and the 3-D graphics look fantastic on PC, compared to VLR on 3DS or Vita.Zero Time Dilemma is a gift from Spike Chunsoft and	Kotaro Uchikoshi that is dedicated to the fans of the series. Without the continued fan-support over the previous years, this game wouldn't have been made possible. As I play through this game, I can feel the heart that Uchikoshi put into this third and final installment as he was writing it and having it developed with Spike. This game is exactly what Zero Escape fans have been hoping for in the past few years, and I whole-heartedly recommend this game to anyone who has played the previous two games."
,Recommended,311240,24328156,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,GenghisKoala,"An incredible game with a wonderful story architecture. Despite not typically enjoying Visual Novel games, this one was absolutely worth it. As more and more details emerge, your mind will be blown. I will be playing through the entire game a second time, just to catch everything I missed.Fantastic. Play this game.Edit:If you enjoy simpler room escape type games, this one has interesting (though not particularly challenging) ones. I found most of the room escapes were on the easy side, only getting stuck on a few. The challenging part might be the ""game escape"" aspect of it, where you will need to keep track of very general information to unlock all of the game's timelines and stories.If you are looking for the ""value"" of the game, I spent about 21 hours finishing the game in total (watching all cutscenes, solving all puzzles, exploring all timelines). This may be an expensive game for you for ""only"" 21 hours of gameplay. I am not much of a grinder, so it represented better entertainment value than, say, going to the movies.The animation is sometimes off with the English dub, and it is slow to get started. Still, as you explore the game, the richness of the plot comes to fruition."
76561198058043393,Recommended,311240,24306058,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,zombie_penguin42,"Great game with intuitive puzzles (and in game hints for when you struggle), but the great story is the main draw. Great for those who like to read mysteries a little bit at a tmie, and turn the story over and over in their head throughout the day while they wait to get back home and dig a little further in!"
,Recommended,311240,23964691,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ekrow,Life is truly unfair
76561198009428348,Recommended,311240,23966849,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lord Gorchnik,Spoiler free review:It's good. Get it.
,Recommended,311240,26357751,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,3284,The ending was a let down but overall this game is goodMost of the story is enjoyable.
,Recommended,311240,24208967,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bighungryboi,I beat the game in 5 minutes 1/10
,Recommended,311240,24015502,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[SpA]Raeven,What the christ.
,Recommended,311240,24246530,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BriHard,"A largely phenomenal series comes to a mostly satisfying conclusion. The puzzles are quite sporadic in difficulty and qualty, but the writing is, for the most part, as shocking, mind bending, and gripping as it was in past entires. If you're a fan of Zero Escape's first two entries, 999 and VLR, this title is no doubt something you should pick up, but don't be surprised if the game's major reveal becomes beyond obvious after the halfway point of the game. Sadly the ending falls flat and gives no real closure to a small portion of the cast while leaving major plot holes from VLR unresolved, but otherwise it provides a worthwhile experience leading up towards said conclusion providing for what is, for the most part, an excellent adventure."
76561198027355475,Recommended,311240,24068198,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pepperonii-chan,wud red gain
76561198084935483,Recommended,311240,23949580,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,GREAT GAME SO FAR!! I thought I finished it and I was like what...I like the fact that you have so many different wants to play this story. Hope to get more into it!Check out my Let's Play to see whats up!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9dyXZbyj64
76561197998601671,Recommended,311240,24291810,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Tideswell,Finally the third game in this awesome series and it sure didn't disappoint. I knew that this game would also be another masterpiece and I really hoped that the mind****s and twists would be many in this game as well. Wow it certainly didn't fail on that part! It is highly recommended that you play the other games first: 999 and Virtue's Last Reward.So yeah as I said this is another masterpiece of the series and if your liked the other games this won't disappoint at all. So what are you waiting for? Just buy the damn game :D!
76561198117247607,Recommended,311240,24211982,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TeenyRex,love it
,Recommended,311240,24173793,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Wynd,"Your mind will be ****ed so hard, so many times, you'll think that your brain processing speed has increased by a rate of √6.Seriously, if you've played 999 and VLR and you haven't played this yet... you're missing out.10/10,  would deal with edgy emo Junpei again."
,Recommended,311240,23931913,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DemoManowar,"After playing a few fragments, here are my thoughts.-The story definitely feels like Zero Escape, more on the VLR side than the 999 side. The pitch is that all routes are small and in an unknown context. The watch clearly aren't trustworthy, and the cause and effect is quite murky too. Playing more fragments creates the timeline piece by piece.-It presents itself as 3D cutscenes rather than VN, but all the controls present in VLR are here so the difference is only skin-deep.-The puzzles are a bit too easy from what I saw, the first fragment I picked was practically just doing what the notes tell you to do.-Phi and Sigma are at the top of their game. ""My boobs are...Ds."" ""Seems to me they got a full size larger than the last time you told me"". Junpei and Akane have an entirely different relationship than 999, and it's an interesting one.All zero escape games gain their true value at the endgame, but the framework works so far."
,Recommended,311240,24093993,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,H.13,awesome game.
,Recommended,311240,24182319,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,skynolosba,Zero escape has and always will be one of my all time favourite games.
,Recommended,311240,24175323,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Myzzrym,"Excellent game, will keep you on your toes until the very end"
,Recommended,311240,24176729,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Pedeadstrian,"(Spoiler free)I give this game a thumbs up, but if there was a horizontal thumb button, I'd click that instead. By no means is this gamebad, but if you're someone who played the previous two entries in the series (999 and VLR) and was expecting the same quality in Zero Time Dilemma you're out of luck.If you're new to Zero Escape the basic story of ZTD is that nine people are trapped in a bomb shelter and the three groups of three that they're seperated into must work together in order to escape. Each group has their own story and a leader that you ""control."" There are heavy Sci-Fi elements and psychological horror (but only if you're new to the series). There are two distinct parts of the game. The story or ""Cinema"" section is what you spend the majority of your time playing, and it consists entirely of cinematics and the occasional Choose-your-own-adventure-esque choices. The actual gameplay or ""Quest"" section consists of solving various kinds of puzzles in order to escape from your current roomPros:Concludes an amazing series.Controls. Being able to use a mouse to pan the camera is much faster and more convenient than it was in VLR.Cons:Animation. ZTD ditches the usual visual novel 2D or 3D sprites in favor of 3D models that unfortunately venture into the uncanny valley with their stiff movements and lack of proper emoting. It is hard to empathize (or even sympathize) with the characters when their faces don't match the horrors they are experiencing.Story. I can't say much on this topic without massive spoilers from the previous entries in the series, but Icantell you that dialogue involves a lot of retconning and exposition, which is fine for new players but not for veterans of the series. There was also multiple plotholes (even more if you played the first two games) that reduced my engagement with the story even further. I feel like the story could have been better if they took all the time they spent on exposition to further flesh out the relationships between the characters.Gameplay: The puzzles in this game are much simpler than the ones in the previous entries, and involve more repetition. After finishing a particularly tough room, there was less of a ""Yes! I did it!"" and more of a ""Finallly, it's over.""Ultimately, this game was a disappointment for me. I absolutely loved VLR, and was extremely excited about playing ZTD, but the game fell short of my expectations in almost every category. But, like I said at the beginning of this review, the game isn't bad, especially when you consider the fact that we almost didn't get this game at all. The previous entries in the seties had amazing reception but not sales, so this game was originally scrapped until an outcry on social networks convinced the higher ups to back this game. If this game had a better budget I would imagine most (if not all) of my complaints about this game would go away, but this is what we got, so I'll take it.TL;DR: I give this game a superposition of my thumbs being both up and down."
,Recommended,311240,23956663,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,zcwzcw4,Looking foward to this game for such a long time! Love it so much! Hope more similar game could be wrote~
,Recommended,311240,25300323,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,＿|￣|○,"No funyarinpa's.... but still a 9.3/10 (.3 because Junpei was sarcastic a few times(Note: Please for the love of Funyarinpa play or watch the 1st and 2nd game. I cannot recommend the Visual Novel enough for 999. It was great and explained the whole thing. (I'll be real 999 did a lot of things right but it also did a ton of things wrong.Pros- Cooler Junpei- Lack of: ♥♥♥♥♥ Lotus- Fun Puzzles- Amazing use of 3d they've come a long way since 999Cons- ♥♥♥♥♥ Eric- I miss the 999 way of story telling manually going to each door redoing the puzzles (puzzle bit was a hassle but VLR fixed that with the feature of safe's, VLR's way was great (allowed skipping of boring parts) but could be played the same way as 999 of manually picking doors/doing puzzles et cetera, but ZTD timeline system was meh. I found myself just jumping around following the timeline instead of figuring out the story on my own.- Lack of Funyanarinpa- Cannot friendzone Akane- Important objects are sometimes sparkle so you find things too easily... which is a shame.- Animations for characters where.. lazy I did a ton of animation a few years ago. My profile pic of junpei explains my face while looking at the animation of Lip flaps (lip sync) | Movement while talking (like scratching ones head while being unsure) | last but not least... Movement, UGHH THIS BUGGED ME. So lazy so so so lazy. I know its out of their comfort zone but c'mon a no life scrub like me can do and have done better.Neutral- Akane is kinda likable... 999 Akane is better.- I like Siggy, Junpei, Carlos, Q (shhh I know his name > - >), and Dianna.- Mira didn't strike me as interesting and her character devolpment didn't phase me.- Akane didn't develop, if anything she stayed the same but they removed the things that made Akane great. She was cute and shy, she could speak her mind if somebody said the wrong thing, you could interact with Akane and choose to Friendzone her or hit on her like there was no tomorrow.- The thing says something along the line of ""If you didn't play the second or first game it's fine you'll get the story"" Yeah you'll get the story but miss out on like 99.95% of everything that just went down. Hell I played the 1st and 2nd game multiple times and I found myself lost at parts. I found myself feeling like theres a hole where my favorite characters were. Junpei is still a sarcastic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at times, but not as much as before (which I get he's a man now). Akane I feel is just there to make Junpei look good. I can't say anything about Sigma because the Sigma in ZTD is not the Siggy I know and love. Phi is still Phi so eh?"
,Recommended,311240,26653709,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ClipOnSunglasses,"If you are new the series, it is best to wait for and play the Nonary Game Collection (which contains the first two games in the trilogy) before playing, Zero Time Dilemma itself. I have only played Virtue's Last Reward/VLR (the second game) and then Zero Time Dilemma. While you can understand most (but not all) of VLR without playing 999 (the first game), I don't think you can play Zero Time Dilemma quite as easily because the story is going to assume you know a lot more about the past titles than Virtu's Last Reward.Zero Time Dilemma is very different from the past two games in the Zero Escape series, and I would say it isn't quite as good as a result. But the ""least good Zero Escape game"" is as not a bad title as it sounds, it is still better than many other story based games and visual novels you could play. Its disappointing in the same sense when a straight A student gets a B-, not bad just not as great as what came before. So the review might sound negative, but its really just me feeling that some efforts to make things different didn't work as well as one might have wanted to it work.Instead of Visual Novel sequences, cinematic cutscenes play out. The visual approach is interesting and the camera is dynamic. But once in a while it doesn't always flow well or the camera angle will show clipping or awkward movements. On a more positive note for the style, the character models are rendered well with interesting shading that make the game visually distinctive.The characters are pretty solid overall, the puzzle are pretty solid (though there are a bit less than usual), having to enter keywords to advance the plot made for a more creative option than dialogue choices and the scenario is pretty interesting as far as the specifics of the death game the players are put into.The way you progress through the story is nonlinear, and based around 3 separated teams rather than a single protagonist pairing up with different members of the cast. I do think the change was interesting and I appreciate the risk taken, but sometimes the non-linear aspect makes it hard to follow the story events, and Virtue's Last Reward gave every character a lot more character development.The story was very engaging, which is the core appeal of the title, and as a consequence I played through the game more intensely than I've played any game in a while in order to experience the full story. It isn't as long as the past titles (about 20 hours instead of 40 hours), but it is not a short game by any means either.Some twists and puzzles were very interesting. However, while clever, a felt that one of the bigger twists near the end was a bit of an asspull (even though there are legitimate but subtle hints throughout the game), and that the science-fiction elements where stretched a bit too far with two of the rooms. The story does not fall apart or become bad, but the ending is not as satisfying as it was for Virtue's Last Reward. Which is likely just an issue of the difficulty of having to wrap up a series with so much story, lore, twists and turns instead of ending with a cliffhanging like in VLR."
76561198080192793,Recommended,311240,24100458,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,pokecomic,"Wow... Just, wow.This was a game. I have been with this series since just before VLR came out and to see it finally reach its conclusion was an extremely satisfying experience.I was suprised when I first heard this was coming to Steam but was extremly excited to finally play Zero Escape in HD. But enough about that, onto the game itself.The first thing I should stress (although I feel like its pointless to say since everyone else is saying it but oh well) is that people should probably play 999 and VLR (virtue's last reward) before jumping in here. Zero Escape focus has always been on its narrative, and although the developers do their best to not put in spoilers, inevitibly plot points from both previous games (999 to a lesser extent but VLR extensivly) are revealed and the player risks missing context or spoiling the major twists of those games if they play this first. The most major of these being the lack of connection to the already established characters and thus not being able to experience the story to a full extent. Luckily for those who don't own a 3ds (999 was exclusivly on ds, VLR on 3ds and Vita) remasters have been announced for steam so soon enough players should have easy access to all 3 games.I suppose I should mention my problems with the game since it is not perfect, Unfourtunetly we have to once again sit through clunky and strange animations, but honestly compared to VLR this game is nothing and after playing through that this really didn't bug me at all. Also, I understand story was the main focus of this game but the lack of ""escape"" sections in this game is very noticible, especially compared to VLR which had numerous ""escape"" sections while still keeping its complex and compelling narrative. It seems their awnser to this was to make the sections in this game very unclear as to what the player had to do at some points, and this would have been fine if they hadn't removed the hint system from VLR which could help people figure out the solutions themselves without spoiling themselves to the whole escape section and runing the only gameplay sections this game has.Despite this I can honestly not reccomend this game enough. Like VLR the clunky animations are more then made up for by the steller voice acting that was on point the entire game. The story is immersive enough to warrent a pass on the lack of balence with gamplay. The ""Decision Game"" was a nice change from the usual Zero Escape formula of 9 ruling everything, and it was nice that your decisions actually had a major impact on the overall story, an improvment over the last game's attempt. I was unsure of the 3-team formula (for lack of character interaction) and fragment style storytelling (lack of chronology) but they both ended up working out quite well, the former providing comepelling tight knit inclusive stories that made me care about each character, the later allowing for me to learn things out of order and context and simply fueled my interest further into how some of the things that I saw happened, only for me to have plenty of ""OHHHH, SO THAT'S WHAT THAT WAS ABOUT"" moments throughout the game.I have one major complaint to vent about, it does not even pretain to the game or gameplay, but rather what happens after you complete both of these things. Warning: I don't devulge any details here but some might consider this spoilers so I am moving my point to another paragraph so people can skip over if they don't want to be spoiled.After you complete the game, the creators were nice enough to enclude little ""epilouge"" stories in the form of files that provide aftermaths for each of the characters..... with the exception of 3 members, all from the same team. This frusturated me especially because this was my favourite team to follow throughout the whole game and to not see an ending for them is dissapointing to say the least considering the author has already stated this is the last game in the series. However, the writer of the story always does an extensive Q and A in the months following the release of these games in order to awnser any questions people might have (as the games can be quite confusing) and this is sure to be brought up so I am looking forward to his response.Overall, this was a really good game. It served its purpose of tying up the loose ends of the previous two games while simoultainiously remaining its own game and having an interesting and compelling self-contained story. Although there were some problems, honestly the are negligible in the grand scheme of things and easy enough to look past as the rest of game more than makes up for it. For anyone who has never played the prevous games or games like this before know this, its like SAW, but with a good story, and if you appeciate story in games, you will enjoy this series.9/10+Good story that tidies up loose ends from previous games while still having its own self-contained narrative+HD graphics, a first for the series+Voice-acting and writing as high of quality as they have always been (pretty damn high)+Decisions you make in this game WILL matter+Puzzles require you to actually think-Clunky animations (better than VLR's though)-Although still present, gameplay is clearly put to the side to focus on story, something the previous games seemed to have no problems balencing very well-""Escape"" segments sometimes unclear what they want you to do or figure out-Some problems with the epilouges (personal nitpick honestly, some might not care but it really bugs me)"
,Recommended,311240,24170849,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Corresponding Ocelot,"Durate, et vosmet rebus servate secundis.This game will not make as much sense if you haven't played 999 (Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors) and Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward. If you have, it's a great story, although I can't say I'm fond of a few of the curveballs we're thrown plot-wise. The animation is a bit wonky, which is slightly forgivable considering it is a port of a game for the 3DS. The story does feel a lot less wordy and a lot more enjoyably dynamic than the previous two prequels, which were essentially visual novels with puzzle sections thrown in.All in all, if you're a fan of the first two games, get it. If you haven't played the first two games and don't have a 3DS, they'll be coming out on Steam soon apparently, so you may want to hold off on getting this until you've gone through those.Funyarinpa/10"
,Recommended,311240,24017044,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,trexxx,best game ever...
76561198048496566,Recommended,311240,24039100,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Zachtrauben,"Honestly, it has some hiccups at the start and at the conclusion, but the framing device for this story is INCREDIBLE. If nothing else, I would encourage everyone to buy this as soon as it's on sale and analyze just how well it's put together. The experience of playing this game was almost unlike any other."
76561198165237975,Recommended,311240,25934984,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kuro Ace,Favorite of the trilogy
,Recommended,311240,23978773,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,GhostSSnake,"I Just got Mind @$#!edso hard till i loved it, better then Virtue's Last Reward even though it is a bigger Cluster #$%! then the prevous installments both squared and mulitplied together.11/10 better then Half Life 3, no compition game of the multi vers, time to end our lives time to spend forever asleep (#Deep) this is the best gamin- no art will ever do and is the end of cultureBANG *DIES OF RADICAL 6*{though i dont like how the interface from the 3DS is left on the the screens UI none of them work btw (but that can be patched out so take that for what it is)}"
,Recommended,311240,31658826,Posted: 9 May,all,Captain Hammer,"Beat the game in 10 minutes, easiest game of my life.More serious edit now that I've finished:First off, don't play this if you haven't played the previous two games. It's the third in the trilogy, and it draws heavily on the previous games to tell its story.Cons:- Bad presentation and visuals. About what you expect from a 3DS port.- Game ran out of budget and isn't all it should be. There are some themes clearly unfinished, and some of them would have wrapped up the trilogy nicely. That's not to say it's unifinished to the point that the ending doesn't exist, ala KOTOR 2. It still has a solid end.- The flowchart from previous games will finally fail you. If you forget what happened during certain scenes, you will end up having to look up what to do after you get stuck, because you won't know exactly where you need to go.Pros:- Fantastic storytelling and satisfying conclusion to the franchise.- Cuts the tedium out of VLR, which suffered badly from almost identically repeated sections and redundant information, but preserves the thought-provoking questions about morality, science, and philosophy that made VLR stand out from 999, which was mostly occult myths and pseudoscience.- While hated by some fans, taking the perspective away from a single protagonist and instead giving us a telltale-style 3rd person perspective freed up the game and story to go in different directions.It ended up being my favorite game in the trilogy in some ways, though all of these games have serious flaws."
,Recommended,311240,24355373,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,"y tu, bidi?","When the first game of this series was ported to iOS, they took out all of the puzzle sections and replaced them with more visual novel sections. I don't know why they thought the mobile crowd was dumb enough to not be able to solve sudokus, but adding visual novel sections was necessary because in the first game, they would often scatter relevant story bits throughout the puzzles, and even in some cases you'd learn more information by doing the puzzles in a certain way. They stopped doing that in VLR, and it continues in this game, making the puzzles feel more and more insignificant.The story is cool, the links to the other games are *really* cool, and the tweeeeest at the end is neat, although less impactful than the twists in 999 and VLR because it doesn't directly involve our main cast like it did in those games, The handling of the main gimmick (the characters' minds being wiped every 90 minutes) is done quite well with the fragment mechanic, where you jump around in time, not knowing what comes after what, much like the characters.Those characters are fun, and it's good to see a return to the characters we know and tolerate from the first two games. The voice acting isn't awesome, but you're probably going to just listen to the Japanese vocal track like the weeb you are. Of course that's what I did, except for during Sigma and Phi's parts, because I already knew their English voices from VLR, and it was weird not hearing those, so get used to switching back and forth! The game graciously lets you switch voice tracks midgame.Overall this is a visual novel throughout. If you come to this game expecting Professor Layton, you'll be disappointed when you find all of the puzzles are linear do THIS then THIS then THAT affairs with WHERE AM I SUPPOSED TO CLICK NEXT scattered throughout. You'll also be really confused, because you probably haven't played the other two games, and you really should because this game spoilers the other two pretty majorly right from the beginning, and it makes constant reference to the past games without spelling it out clearly enough to serve as a standalone.Play this game if you're a fan of the first two, and you already know what to expect (i.e. hours of im14andthisisdeep droning on about philosophy and quantum mechanics). Get the ending you've been waiting for."
,Recommended,311240,23999375,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Xfear2dieX,good game
76561198057024245,Recommended,311240,24264969,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,sivarticus1985,"Boy did this game satisfy and deliver.I've been a fan since I stumbled upon 999 for DS a few years ago. I was looking for a puzzle game that had a story to go along with it, and came upon 999 in GameStop. After a few Google searches for reviews I was convinced to buy it. Definitely a purchase I have no regrets about, and I'm happy I still own it.After I learned that there was a sequel, Virtue's Last Reward, I bought it as well for Vita. I played and beat both over the span of about 2 weeks.Then I got that bad news the 3rd game would never see the light of day due to poor sales. I came to eventually accept that I would never learn what happens after that ridiculous cliffhanger in VLR.Then it was announced the 3rd one WOULD be made due to immense fan demand.Let me get the obvious stuff out of the way - yes, this game wraps everything up from the last 2 games. Yes, it will take you about 20-24 hours to beat the whole game. Yes, the ending is a gratifying send-off for one of the best series ever made. And no, the puzzles do not disappoint.Pros:-Cutscenes are now cinematic to appeal more to Western audiences, as opposed to character portraits and text boxes. I'll admit I do like this better than the previous games. Either way, the story isn't affected.-Great puzzles. You will need a pen and paper. I guarantee it.-Wraps up every loose end in the previous games and new mysteries in this game.-Fantastic voice acting. You may recongnize a few from other games. Resident Evil comes to mind..... ;)-Does not hold back on being dark. This game will make you cringe.-You genuinely feel for the characters.Cons:-Animations suck. Period. Thankfully it doesn't take away from the voice acting and story. But man, they're truly awful.-Lip-synching is off. Not a huge deal, but still.-Graphics aren't very detailed. Character models mostly look great, but environments are bland, blurry, and lack shadowing and lighting. Again, thankfully it does not take away from puzzle solving and story.Buy this game. You will not be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,311240,31902035,Posted: 22 May,all,Kasuya,"The gameplay is decent, the puzzles are less interesting than in VLR to me and I really miss the hard mode since being immediately spoonfed the solutions almost ruined the experience for me. Now to list the things that render the game terrible. Graphics, animations, both English and Japanese voice acting(the ""emotional"" scenes are ♥♥♥♥ing cringeworthy as a result of this), graphics, animations, dialogue writing, even the editing of the 30 hour cutscene that is this game is so horrible as to actually noticeably hurt the game. The biggest problem of course is the main story and the characters, since they were what made the previous games so good. The characters have been rewritten and now have ♥♥♥♥ all to do with their previous selves and all the more interesting plot threads from 999 and VLR have either been retconned or just plain ♥♥♥♥ing ignored.This piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥should never have been released, I have to mentally retcon the whole confused ♥♥♥♥ing lot lest the previous actually good games be retroactively ruined. Don't play this, just get the Nonary Games and make up your own ending since I ♥♥♥♥ing guarantee it will be better than this."
,Recommended,311240,30823276,Posted: 29 March,all,D E A T H,Zero Escape Franchise is one of the best game i have ever played. Worth every penny on this game i believe.
,Recommended,311240,24333782,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,KING KONG the BIG DONG,i played this for 16 hours in 1 day so it's pretty good
,Recommended,311240,24007334,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mekia、M,god game
,Recommended,311240,24012156,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kohmei,"Virtue's Last Reward is a tough act to follow.Expectations for the third game were a mile high and with tons of unanswered questions, the years of hiatus, cancellation, petitioning and reinstatement, who wouldn't have bought into the hype? I was so excited for this game that in the week leading up to its release I barely slept 4 hours a night, and here I am now, not 3 days later, underwhelmed.No, that's not quite right. Not just underwhelmed. I'm going to be blunt and say this game is a complete disappointment.To start, it's a competent enough port, probably among the cream of the crop of console ports. This was my biggest concern going with the Steam version fearing it would be a buggy mess, but it is very polished. KBM and controller options are available and feel mostly natural, graphical options are available and the game performs at a mostly flawless framerate, and I experienced no discernible glitches. I'm very happy to have been able to play this game smoothly on my platform of choice, so hats off to the team at Chime responsible for the lovely port.It's unfortunately all down hill from here. There are several things I could address, like the game being incredibly short, too easy, and with too few puzzles, but I think I should focus on the main entree, what makes Zero Escape so appealing to begin with, and sadly my biggest complaint: the story telling. Gone are the narrations, the protagonist's thoughts, the vivid scene details that glued together dialogue between the cast. ""Novel"" sections of the game are now cinematic cutscenes and all of the details you would have gleaned from the text are instead acted out by a cast of stiff, mechanical, emotionless husks.Don't get me wrong: the quality of the models is actually quite good, and the animations in and of themselves would be tolerable if it weren't for the fact that they're now expected to carry the entire show. But add in some questionable voice acting, sparse dialogue and a translation that apparently never saw the desk of an editor and you're left with some of the worse scene delivery I have ever witnessed. Characters say exactly and only what they need to say, leaving a skeleton of a narrative with the few bits of meat being painful to watch. Budget constraints, especially for this title, are understandable, but I imagine most of the budget was blown on the cinematic cutscenes that were not even worth the payoff, where that money could have and should have been spent on much more attention to the writing.I could even see past the delivery if the story itself was any good but it sorely disappoints. The story answers several long standing questions for series fans, while ignoring a few others, all while weaving its own rather self-contained plot that is mostly predictable and no where near as cohesive as the previous games. The attempt at tying this game together with the universe of the first two games feels, in a word, forced, as allusions to (most) revelations in this game simply do not exist in the previous games, making the connection superficial at best. I can't help but feel this came as an expense of making this game's story accessible to newcomers, which it surprisingly succeeds at.On that note, however, I can't possibly recommend this game for those who haven't played the first two games, as you're sure to walk away from it thinking it's an entirely mediocre and quite overpriced adventure game. This game feels like nothing more than closure for the fans, and for that matter I am thankful. We got a bad ending, but surely it's better than no ending at all.If there's a silver lining, it's that Zero Time Dilemma serves as a poignant reminder to live in the moment: it's the journey, not the destination. The game closes with enough ambiguity for a sequel, but I secretly hope it's never made. It would be impossible for me not to recommend this for fans of the series, but what I really recommend is to never stop seeking the bluebird."
,Recommended,311240,28856368,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Alro_Rix,"If you liked the other games in the Zero Escape series, 999: Nine Hours Nine Persons Nine Doors and Virtue's Last Reward, you will love this game. The story, the puzzles, the time travel-y philosophical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and even (spoiler) some of the characters are all there. Though I should mention that I have only played 999.TL;DR: good game mate 7.5/8The puzzles range from easy to fantastically brilliant to frustrating at times. But overall they are easier than 999, but still pretty intelligent and they make sense. I never had to resort to a walkthrough to solve a puzzle. Though sometimes the last piece you need is either unnecessary and the game wonders why you didn't go find it, or it is difficult to find and you sit stuck at a point looking for the answer in vain.The story does get off to a bit of a strange start. You get thrust into things with even less explanation or context than I remember from the previous games. Don't give up on it right away. Through playing you will find about the same depth as previous games in the series. The great part is that the game gives you a handy decision tree to keep track of your choices. You can reference this to find out which timeline you're on and which choices you've already made at a specific decision. I really like this feature. Sometimes though, the decisions don't feel like they have as much weight as they did in 999. You can simply go back right away through the decision tree and try the other choice. Nice for 100% and curiosity, but in 999 every choice you made felt important because if you really wanted to see the other result you had to play through from the beginnning again and that would take time. I understand why this happens though. the game is so heavily based on making lots of decisions that it really needs to be this way.If you're worried about there being great reveals and hints to stuff that you need knowledge from other routes to figure out, don't worry it's all there. There's plenty of stuff to make you go: ""Oh that makes sense now"" or ""So THAT'S why that was going on."" There is perhaps one reveal that I feel they cheated a bit, but it isn't that terrible considering the rest of the reveals and interlocking routes and decisions went so well.Being a port from a 3DS title the graphics aren't exactly up to snuff, but I don't think the graphics should be what you play this game for. It's kind of like how people still love an old game like myst.Overall the puzzles are fun, and the story (while sometimes trope-y) is enjoyable especially in cinematics even if they don't look all that great."
,Recommended,311240,28921282,Posted: 1 January,all,Apocaliptica,"It's like Saw, Cube and Butterfly Effect mixed into a game."
,Recommended,311240,24139768,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,медведь тигра,"great game, terrible climax"
,Recommended,311240,33908563,Posted: 30 July,all,Slashing Air,+Superb Story with complicated twist and turns+Good Voice Acting+Interesting puzzles (more than your average games)-Need to play the first 2 games to fully appreciate the story-Story build up slowly.This is a great visual novel and a good game! I recommend it if you like games with good story lines.
,Recommended,311240,23967095,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sgds,Pretty damn good and mind blowing.
,Recommended,311240,24609606,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Hani Obaid,"Awesome game, the puzzles are just the right difficulty to keep them interesting with a great story to to unravel gluing them together. I wrote pages of notes while playing this game. It reminded me of how excited I was to read the complete Sherlock Holmes as a kid. Only downside is the game ends :("
,Not Recommended,311240,23941597,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Gworzor,"Life is simply unfair.The most soul crushing disappointment I've ever experienced. The game pales in comparison to the other complete masterpieces in the series. Don't expect any kind of satisfying conclusion or any life changing journies here. All you'll find is a short 20 hour game that goes all over the place and just feels like something they had to make rather than wanted to make. Has there ever been a time where fans petitioned a developer to make something and it actually turned out good? Gone are the well-written characters and incredible mystery and mystique of what's down the next route. At least the music is pretty good despite a ton of it just being remixes or it playing at odd or repetitive times.This isn't a bad game, it's actually ok. The problem is that 999 and VLR are straight 10s due to being original and engaging games that leave you satisfied and your mind blown. ZTD just feels run of the mill and more like a 6 or 7. In my opinion I think they were over their heads with their decision to make the game fully animated and forgo the heavy text/talking head style that previously worked wonders. The ""talent"" that worked on this game simply have little to no experience animating cutscenes like this and the lack of text segments do not allow for the engrossing text crawls that 999 and VLR prominently featured. The other huge glaring flaw with this game is the memory loss/fragment mechanic. It robs the game of feeling like you're playing a ""game within a game"" with rules and set outcomes. I completely understand why this could've been an interesting mechanic to observe but it ends up not utilizing this anywhere close to well enough to justify the loss of the traditional structure. And now we finally get to the decisions. The fragment system strikes again by downgrading the decision aspect of the game because you barely have to live with them since you only do one room at a time instead of an entire several hours long playthrough. Theres no weight or sense of progression with the story because you're just given completely random segments that quite honestly like to make up rules. A lot of fragments you'll play will just take you to what is essentially the end of the game. So because of that ""playthroughs"" are less than an hour long.I just don't know anymore man. It feels more like a fan game than a real entry to the Zero Escape series."
76561198014392136,Recommended,311240,26434698,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Commandus,"999 > VLR > ZTDNothing will ever top 999, but you might as well play this if you've already played the other two games.Buy this and play it when it's out before you play ZTD.http://store.steampowered.com/app/477740"
76561198029684370,Recommended,311240,27886645,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Debra Kadabra,"DISCLAIMER: I do not own nor have I played the other two Zero Escape games.That being said, ZTD literally blew my mind. I knew that I had to buy it after watching a good friend play through this while trying to help her out. Yes, the game suffers some from the lack of a proper budget. Yes, some of the questions are never fully resolved in a way that makes perfect sense. But life never really truly makes sense. And it's so unfair. Isn't it?Replay value may not be much to speak of, but the initial play through and the time spent for that more than paid the price of the game itself in my humble opinion. I'm sure that parts of the story would have also made more sense had I known of the other two, but trust me - I am watching Steam for the remaster of the first and second games. This one at least is VERY worth a purchase."
,Recommended,311240,30899466,Posted: 2 April,all,CHRYSSTRONICS,Liked it!
76561198029693287,Recommended,311240,28215228,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Martic,Completely worth it just for the ending. Holy sweet mother of God that's ♥♥♥♥ing cool.
,Recommended,311240,28938871,Posted: 2 January,all,Kinzo Ushiromiya,"If the review system used a scale from 1 through 5, I would give this game a 3/5.For simplicty's sake, I will upvote it.I've been following this series since I purchased the first two titles which I loved so much I would drop everything and give them full attention; so that is why I would call this game an ""enjoyable disappointment"". While I did have fun, the flaws are too noticeable for me to ignore.Important information:* The game was said to be spoiler friendly to people who never played the prequels but I disagree. Without playing them, you might be lost at some of the plot points used throughout the game.* I have the 3DS version (it came with the replica watch) and I would say the PC version is probably more preferable because you don't have to pixel hunt on a tiny 3DS screen. I believe it's also more stable.Opinions:* I felt that they should have kept the VN style used in the prequels; the visuals unfortunately work against the cinematics due to how low quality they are.* The puzzles are a little bit samey aside from one I thought was really clever (hint: I hope you're good at algebra).* I find half the cast likeable but the problem is four of them are returning characters so I was already invested in them. The other half are a mixed bag but not in a good way.Bottom line: I recommend playing the first two games, 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, first; both are coming to Steam in Spring 2017.EDIT: I would like to amend this review with a tl;dr:What I played: Zero Escape Volume 3: Zero Time DilemmaWhat I expected: Back to the Future Part 3What I got: The Matrix: Revolution"
,Recommended,311240,28963276,Posted: 2 January,all,Lemons,Just as good as previous entries in the series (even better since it's PC). Wish they would make a 4th.
76561198028674152,Recommended,311240,29186383,Posted: 11 January,all,Senator Samson Loveblast,"A puzzle/adventure game with a story and characters bordering on insanity!Puzzles are fun, interesting, and usually different. Pick-up objects, manipulate items and combine them, push buttons, sorting, logic puzzles and (bad) mazes. Its all here.  Expect a couple of incoherent logical leaps, but these are few.  The game really does give a nice mix that never seems to overstay on one mechanic.The story and characters are somewhat of a drag.  Many events feel (and are) very forced, and character motivations and arcs (what few there are) are vapid and usually without much meaning.  This is the third title in a triology, and as a game trading heavily on its story it really doesnt have a lot ot show for it.  There are some twists, but they arent mind blowing, or having much payoff.  They seem to only exist.  There are worse narratives take part of, but this game's lackluster storyline being so central to it certainly hurt it.The visuals are tremendously dated.  This was a PS Vita port, and the upscale shows. Everything is cel shaded, and quizzically looks plastic and glossy.  Animations are reused to annoyance, and the colors clash.  The backgrounds for rooms are dingy and drab, but that is part of the overall aesthetic.  If you're ok with a game looking like a budget title, this isnt a deal breaker.The sound doesnt standout, or get in the way. The game has its only atmosphere and the muted sound designs helps sell it.Overall the game isnt bad, but its not great.  As the third game in the series its a noticeable step back, but remains enjoyable.  Fans of the series may be split on the narrative, but puzzlers will be amused.  Sadly, because it relies so much on its story and background I can only cautiously recommend it.  If you havent played the first two games, you probably should pass this one up."
,Recommended,311240,29066403,Posted: 6 January,all,Mikan,"Oh my, let's see where I should start. First of all, I am a big fan of the Zero Escape series! I fell in love with it when I played 999 and I still had a lot of fun with Virtue's Last Reward. And I really think you should play these two! So if you can, do it. Or just wait for them to be released on Steam.Well but sadly, I'm not sure what to think of Zero Time Dilemma. The title gives you the feeling that every decision is going to be really important and you have like no time to think about it.. but that's not the case. The decisions are just ""click or don't click"" or ""do this or don't do it"". Most of the puzzles are really easy and they do not take you long. What I think is worse, is that the puzzles repeat themselves. You just do the exact same thing over and over again, it gets boring. And the few special puzzles that actually take you time to solve were ridiculously hard (at least in my opinion.) The puzzles in 999 and VLR were harder, but not too hard and they were different every time. Also, there are so many plot holes and a lot of things are just not explained. ""Yeah, we're gonna explain everything we left open in VLR!"" Uhmmm no, you didn't, you only made everything we knew more confusing. But if you haven't played the games before, I guess you would be even more confused. Also, the models are not the highest quality and quite glitchy. The hair of the girls is the worst, it's almost always inside their bodies or the physics do funny stuff. But hey Miras boobs wiggle, that was important huh? They have just a few facial expressions which leads to some funny scenes, even in situations when it's not supposed to be funny. (But when it is, it really is hilarious!) One thing I quite enjoyed were the interactions between the characters and the (sadly almost non-existent) development of the relationships. It felt natural most of the time, at least when we're talking about Team-A and Team-D. But I also have to admit that the characters we already knew were very different and kind of out-of-character. And one last thing, we just pretend that the ending never happened. It was SO unsatisfying. In the end you always have to consider that this game wouldn't exist without the help of the fanbase and I'm pretty sure they didn't get as much money to create this one as they got when they made 999 or VLR.Even though there were so many flaws, I still enjoyed the 20h I put into this game and I don't regret it. The humor was great, I actually cared about most of the characters and I had fun solving the puzzles (most of the time). So in my opinion, if you already played 999 and VLR I recommend you to play ZTD. If not.. you probably shouldn't."
76561198078837420,Recommended,311240,23983934,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fukuyasu,"First of all, I want to say that I've never played any of the previous games in this series. Even with that, I can follow the story quite well so I've no complaint in that area.Next are the puzzles, personally I think their difficulty is a bit low. I'm not that good at puzzle games. Nevertheless, I managed to get a perfect completion in this game in just less than 25 hours and referencing guides 3 times only.Which brought me to my 3rd point. The game is rather short IMO, a full completion in less than 25 hours for a game at this price is a bit overpriced. If I'm allowed to compare this with other Spike Chunsoft games, the Danganronpa series, the Danganronpas although an older games, feels better in price / gameplay hours ratio.Pros :Story are good. If you're a fan of sci-fi , you'll most probably enjoy this game.Cons :Puzzles are a bit easy.Short gameplay with no replayability incentives.My final opinion on this game :This is a good game, however a bit overpriced. If you're new to the series, you'd probably want to wait for the previous games to appear on Steam first before getting this game. If you're not in hype for this game, I'd suggest to wait until this are discounted."
,Recommended,311240,23963498,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Purely,"I consider the Zero Escape series to be similar to the Berserk series in that it is a relatively unknown story that contains dark and depressing elements. It also is similar to Berserk in that it's arguably one of the best in its genre, but hasn't necessarily had the releases that it deserved.Basically, Zero Escape games are visual novels that have puzzle sequences and decisions that change the route that you take. Characters in Zero Time Dilemma aren't static sprites, they're 3D models that move which follows from the preivous game Virtue's Last Reward for the Vita/3ds. 9 People are trapped in a place and they want to get out, but in each game they can only get out by playing the game of the person, ""Zero"", who locked them in there. Sort of likeSawThere was a period of time where it was believed that this game wouldn't be able to come out due to lack of popularity, which was upsetting due to the second game, Virtue's Last Reward relying on this game to answer the questions it left to fans. This period of presumably dead development shows in the game with art assets that don't look to great, bad character animation, and English voice acting that leaves a lot to be desired. With that being said, this game is turning out to be the best in the series for me.The low quality aspects of the game give off a campy feeling that allows you some moments of respite when you laugh at the awkward Pivot Stick Figure running animations, or poorly delivered lines that are reminiscient of cheesy horror movies. Outside of the production quality, the writing doesn't play coy when explaining the supernatural plot points such as morphogenetic fields and time travel. For veterans of the series it's refreshing to not be treated with the run-around, as this game is meant to provide reason to Virtue's Last Reward. Despite some issues with the delivery of lines, the plot structure of Zero Time Dilemma provides an interesting re-imagination of previous styles by utilizing fragments more than flowcharts and not pulling punches when it comes to dark material.As a short aside, I think this game has arguably the worst puzzles of the three Zero Escape games to date, but I don't think this game ever had puzzles that could rival games like Professor Layton, so it's not a huge bother.The question then becomes, ""Well should I play the two games prior?"" and that question isn't an easy one to answer, because the two games are good enough as standalones that I recommend playing them, but the iOS version of 999, the first game, doesn't run well and outside of Emulation, you may not have a DS + the cartridge. VLR as of right now is only on the 3DS --this version has some bad bugs-- and the Vita as well. Both games are worth playing on their own if you can find a way to play them and Zero Time Dilemma is as well, but if you're new to the series it may be difficult to look past some of the poor production quality that is likely a result of issues during development.In terms of the technical aspects, you can switch between the English and Japanese dubs at will, and the game supports windowed/fullscreen/borderlessfullscreen up to 1440p and may go farther but I couldn't check. The keyboard controls are kind of wonky and you can't change key bindings as far as I'm aware, but you can control the whole game with your mouse so it isn't a problem.It's worth noting that this game has massive spoilers for the previous two games, and if you play this game before the the previous two, then you'll be spoiled on some twists and turns which is one of the selling points of the story. It wouldn't necessarily ruin anything, but a lot of the mystery and wonder would be gone if you decide to go back.Personally, I recommend the game because I love the series and I love this, so I think you should get it and enjoy the world of Zero Escape. However, if you're the type of person who is difficult to impress or critical of what some could consider sloppy work, then I recommend you start elsewhere in the series and work your way up to this delightful, sci-fi, horror, mystery, puzzle game.Pros:It serves as a good Book-End for the Zero Escape series.Interesting new setting + charactersDecision Game is a good step up from the Nonary Game and Digital Roots.Fragmented scenes serve the story better than flowchartsMinor spoilers:And an all-star cast with cool new character designsCons:Low quality models & animation (which can lead to humor!)Lackluster dub (which can lead to humor!)Puzzles can occasionally be lackluster"
76561197972279378,Recommended,311240,24488289,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,mystemo,"Just finished this game a couple of days ago and I needed to let it digest because I could have given this game a negative review due to the back half of the game but overall I still think this is a winner but potential players need to know what to expect before jumping in. This game largely is non-linear, which is awesome, but can be potentially random and confusing due to the story jumping all over the place. In saying that the game works well by doing just that because you are trying to piece together all the threads of a story that takes many twists and turns throughout. I was impressed by how everything came together and take my hat off to the developers for creating quite a complex tree of decisions and plot branches to get to the end. Next point of warning relates to the story being told: there is a HUGE number of cutscenes which cannot be skipped or fast forwarded. I love a good cutscene but I do believe this game could have snipped a fair few of them out of the game. I found myself not having touched mouse/keyboard in upwards of an hour at some points. They do serve character development, of course, but when the ratio of interactive gameplay and cutscenes is out of whack and is noticeable then there may be a problem. Perhaps a few more puzzles scattered through the ending may have broken up the long videos. Hence why by the end of the game I was quite relieved that the story was done. But, why the thumbs up? This game does have a very addictive knack of creating mystery, having some challenging puzzles and having some of the solutions to those puzzles requiring a lot of pen and paper notes plus scattering answers throughout other scenes that pushes this beyond a hidden object game. If you don't like a challenge, don't like puzzles, or like to use a hint function within a game then don't play this. The mood of this game does replicate any 'escape room' scenarios ala 'Saw' and is 110% not suitable for children. There is a lot of death in the game, some very strong adult themes, and terminology that is going to fly straight over most  younger people's heads but for the adult audience this is very much a Japanese style game that is very familiar to anyone who's watched most Japanese extreme cinema or watched a bit of Anime. Overall, I did enjoy the game, not without flaws, but I was impressed by how addictive it was and will be interested to see what they do next :)"
,Recommended,311240,27060854,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,StatutoryTape,"Not the best finish for an otherwise amazing series, but it's worth it for the ride"
,Not Recommended,311240,29477175,Posted: 24 January,all,KayQ,"Zero Time Dilemma is a game that tries to do interesting things and fails horribly at almost all of them.It's hard to discuss without spoilers, but allowing to player to essentially start at any scene for a majority of the game creates a nightmare for the story which has no way of knowing which scenes you've viewed until you reach close to the end. Expect lots of characters saying the same line they'd said a hundred times before and totally random pacing that is created by what scenes you pick.However, the real problem in my opinion is that someone dies in nearly every scene. You've given very little time to grow to like the characters before they start dying and as you go between the different routes and scenes you'll see them all die over and over, losing any impact the death would bring. This also hampers any kind of moral dilemma you might have. Will you save X or Y character? Who cares, you've seen them both die 10 times, what's another death?Lastly, the actual plot sucks and it there is very little to it if you cut out the hours of pointless scenes of people dying. Anyone who played the previous game and was hoping for a climactic finale to the series will be left wondering where half the plot points went and why the other half and answered so unsatisfyingly. The ending was extremely bad.I'd give this a 3/10, and it only gets that because it spawned some entertaining memes that lessen the pain I feel from being let down so hard."
,Not Recommended,311240,24451757,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,StevoNDaHoodson,"If you have any interest whatsoever in this game, play 999 and VLR instead. You won't regret it.Then, after you play those two, I guarantee you'll be back to play this one. Despite the plot holes, despite the crappy characters (what happened to the relateable Akane and Junpei?), despite the low production values, despite the mediocre puzzles, despite the cheesy dialogue, despite the multiple unresolved plot lines...And you won't regret playing this one at all, just like I don't. Conundrum, eh?"
,Recommended,311240,24119712,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Blind,"Plaudite, acta est fabula."
,Recommended,311240,28298216,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,zerox102,"10/10 like Zero Escape with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations.Oh wait this is Zero Escape?Damn, budget must've taken a hit.Still good tho"
76561198001454607,Recommended,311240,32658122,Posted: 22 June,all,Chimpsky,So goooooooooood!
,Not Recommended,311240,34491296,Posted: 25 August,all,djgoober,"I really want to like this game, but unlike the others in the series it feels so disjointed and forgettable. With the others i felt a need to keep going, with this i can play for a few minutes before i get bored. Its got some great moments but frankly, i just dont care enough."
76561198032593205,Recommended,311240,24309671,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MrPeonbody,"This is another good addition to the game. Unlike Virtue's Last Reward, this game almost requires you to have played the prior two games. Or else you'll have to swallow some heavy backstories for some of the characters."
76561198034411106,Not Recommended,311240,26465318,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dragon Dog,"I didn't like this game, the first choice broke all immersion, and scenes that should've been locked became unlocked for viewing."
,Not Recommended,311240,23930937,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Novem,"This is not a review, rather it is more of a PSA. In order to enjoy this game to its utmost potential, please read up on or play the two previous games: 999: Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors, and Virtue's Last Reward (with the former getting a PC port (confirmed) and the latter most likely getting one as well (port confirmed, but platform is not)). Also, the previous games are infinitely better than this one."
76561198022094270,Recommended,311240,24239106,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,The Gunslinger,- I lost a coin toss- forced to play a game of life or death- went home and played Zero Time Dilemma10/10 would lose again
,Recommended,311240,24011731,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tew,"I am a HUGE fan of the previous two games but I have to say, the weird non-linear fashion this game takes caught me off-guard at first and I didn't really like it. The more I progress though the more it's grown on me and has made such a good impression. The writer of these games is a literal genius and I still can't believe how they manage to convey such convuluted story so brilliantly. You may need a guide at some points because some of the puzzles are confusing as hell(looking at you illusion room). But still highly, highly recommended."
,Recommended,311240,23961525,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,hippowalrus,beated the game in 10 mins. best $40 bucks I ever spent. gg
,Recommended,311240,24044909,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DonPaveloni,"Ok, this game came out 28/6 on 3DS and PS Vita28/6->286There were two previous installments in the Zero Escape franchise (both imperfect but great) : 286-2=284The symbolic number of the series is 9 (999, and 9 main characters in each game) : 284-9 = 2752->B 7->G 5->EZero Time Dilemma is the best game ever (well, just behind MGS2 ;)You should play it. Now.And when I see a negative review, I feel my MASTER RACE tastes threatened and I'm able to jump to a timeline where there are 100% positive ratioPS: By the way Uchikoshi struggled to make this happen and he went further than in 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, bringing an ambiguous yet masterful conclusion to the franchise. The veil on the Decision Game purposes is thinner than in previous opuses, but the global painting is much more beautiful, philosophical (prepare your moral and identity beliefs to severely shake) and well-finished."
,Recommended,311240,24308460,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sausage²,"Absolutely fantastic game, answers almost all of the questions presented by the previous two.If you have not played 9 Persons, 9 Hours, 9 Doors and then the sequel Virtue's Last Reward, DO NOT play this game under any circumstances. You will not understand what is happening.Considering it was fan support that made this game happen, and that Zero Time Dilemma was made by a small number of staff with limited assets, this is a perfect conclusion to the franchise."
,Recommended,311240,24309147,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MightyMagikarp,"Just in The Nick of Time [h2]Zero Time Dilemma is the finale up to Spike Chunsofts ""Zero Escape"" series which started with 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors and was followed up by Virtues Last Reward (both to be soon avaleable on steam). These games are some of the few that I would with no exageration in my say are genious. Evreything about them is purposeful and they somehow answer all of the questions that they raise in such a uniqe, clever and shocking way it is hard not to be at awe at times. I remember that personaly in 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors there was a scene that I was so shocked I litteraly froze for a minute and dropped my DS, this has never happened in a game before and it has only occured again with ""Vitrues Last Reward"" and thankfuly  ""Zero Time Dilemma"" continues evreything that made the original two games so great and they did something that I never in my wildiest dreams thought that Spike Chunsoft could do, they met my ridiculously high exectations and did not let me down at all.StoryThe story of essentialy all of the zero escape games start with the base concept of this: 9 people are trapped in a enclosed space by a mysterious person calling themselves ""Zero"", their objective is to escape the area without dying. It seems simple enough but there is always a catch to it that changes with each game. I would explain the catch for Zero Time Dilemma but the problem is that its hard to explain without spoiling anything so the best I can say is that you are split up into 3 different groups consisting of 3 different people in each. Your overal objective is to open up the X door and escape, to do this you need at least of what are called X passes, the problem here is that a X pass is only revealed if somebody dies meaning at  least 6 people have to die to make your escape. The game is also broken up into different sections in a ""Beyond Two Souls"" kind of way where the time line is intentionaly out of order, the big thing here though is that for the most part characters do not know what happens in other secions due to a amnesia enducing drug that they are given to make them forget each secion. Make sence? No of course it dosent its not supposed to make any sence thats the whole idea around it but just trust me when I say that all of the questions that can be raised by this are all resolved in the ending.GameplayThis is a game that is hard to describe on a gameplay standpoint because alot of it is just kind of watching cutscenes, however that is not all that you do. There is alot of escape room puzzles that you must complete a series of puzzles to get the key that will lead you to an escape. These puzzles are usualy followed up with a difficult choice at the end of it that the player has to chose between one of two outcomes. Some times it goes into knowing a certain event, sometimes its just on assumptions of what happens or sometimes it is just plain luck that the player has to take a guess and hope for the best. Again this may not seem like it makes sence but it really does make a huge impact to alot of events near the end of the gameMusicIf you have played any of the zero escape games before this dont be expecting anything really new. While the old tracks are incredibly effective and always set a uneasy and atmospheric vibe to the area. But this still unfourtunatley means that there was only a handful of new tracks that were put into the mix, while again effective they lack in variety.GraphicsWhile the character designes are surley a step up from the characters in Virtues Last Reward the animations are just unforgivabley bad. They look like if the animatior was told what people looked like while they moved but they had never actually experienced it for themselves before. And for some reason the way that the characters move their mouth are very off, the best way I could describe it is saying that they look like they are trying to get out peanut butter that was stuck to the roof and sides of their mouth, it just kinda moves to much and to jarringly. But other than that the enviroments look nice and the cell shading really does suit the game wellOptimizationJust thought I would throw in this quick note here I was very supprised by the optimization due to alot of options being realized and put into the game, even a option for widescreen displays which almost nothing hasVerdictOverall Zero Time Dilemma was my biggest shock of the year so far, not because I expected it to be bad but because I thought it could never live up to what I was hoping it would be. What I was hoping for a satisfying ending to my faverioute obscure franchise. If you are reading this and are still unsure please do yourself a favour and buy 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors , to start, it will be out on steam soon, the developers really do deserve more money and more credit for making what is at least for me, the best game of the year so far.Final Score9/10"
76561198003050135,Not Recommended,311240,26447117,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,funky,"Puzzles are very simple and even if you're stuck you'll get plenty of hints from the characters, making the game way too easy. Add to it extremaly lenghty video breaks between ""escape room"" puzzles and 2005-like animations and I really don't know why the game's reviews are so good.  Plus, it's marketed as a decision game, where your decisions impact the storyline (not different from quite a few other adventure games). True, but you can always go back and play through a different decision. Once you learn that, all the significance and appeal of careful decison making is gone..."
,Recommended,311240,23935383,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,🎃ϟLRWϟ LynxRecruit🎃,"Alright The hype has now drained slightly! So lets start with the review shall we?Since i have made about 10 or 19% through the game i think its time i make a review,Now Is this game Worth playing?Unless you like the Puzzles: YesWhy puzzles are fun:They show a great challenge in this new Game Therefore I think they decided in this gameTo increase the diffaculty In this game3 or 4 puzzles i have struggled with are a painBut i will not spoil anythingBugs that are happening right now But might be patched soon!1. The watch has been seen flickering a couple times.2. When playing with a controller At random the game will lag so hardThat the audio of the character speaking will be cut off and the music and game will freeze.3. Save File not working properly leading to loss of progress.How to avoid these bugsFor the audio and game freezing bug Most of the time your game will not freeze all you need to do is Open the save menu and close it and it should be back to normal.For the save file Bug That happens at random with these save'sFile.3 ""Most times progress has been lost""File.2 ""Happens sometimes""File.1 ""Rarely Happens""Are the characters interesting?Indeed and slightly notFor me The way the characters work like there models and thatThe animations are total♥♥♥♥♥♥But that is removed for the amazing voice acting,Now for Rating what does this game get?6/10-IGNToo hard."
,Recommended,311240,24006802,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bjoern the Smexy,"If you never played a Zero Escape game before then you're both in and out of luck. Depends on whether you buy this game or not. You won't know for sure if you're in luck or out of luck before you buy this game.So the question is: Will you be lucky, punk?(Seriously though, you should totally play all the Zero Escape games if you're planning on playing this one. Zero Time Dilemma can be played without having played both 999 and Virtue's Last Reward before it, but the game will leave you with your brain liquifying and dripping out of your ears because you wouldn't understand 90% of what the hell's going on.And don't even think about buying the iOS version of 999. Wait for the inevitable Steam port or buy it on the DS but don't bother with a version that's missing half its content.)"
,Recommended,311240,25939692,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ika くコ:彡,Great story.
,Recommended,311240,25960187,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Please kill me,I finished this game. What do I do with my life now?
76561197978273353,Recommended,311240,24197180,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Marhados,"I played this game in another story, so go there to see my review. In this timeline I havent finished it yet."
,Recommended,311240,23967340,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Koda,Must buy for any VLR/999 fan. Great port. Great game.
,Recommended,311240,24348407,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Techbane,"If you didn't play Virtue's Last Reward, you'll have very little idea what the hell's going on here. If youdidplay VLR, prepare to be force-fed even more of theexact samedroning explanations of quantum mechanics, multiverse theory, and existential quandaries that you were already sick of by the end of that game.Most of the cast both look and sound like budget anime knockoffs of their former selves. (Junpei dyed his hair purple and started wearing blood-red contacts I guess??) The animation is more stilted than a sideshow performance, and most of the voice acting isn't great either. Knowing as much about the past and future as you should already by this point in the series, there are very few ""ah-ha"" moments except where events directly tie into VLR. The puzzles are definitely the sparsest and weakest they've ever been in the series, with several of them repeated ad nauseum but also a few genuinely entertaining ones.The new fragment-based arrangement of the game's scenes is in theory the most convenient they've ever been and do cut down on having to repeat scenes too often, but the unlock conditions to progress through events are outstandingly obtuse at times. As others have said, there are one or two deus ex machinae that are not only outrageously convenient but feelextremelyout of place given the timeframe in which this takes place, but you know what, after everything that went down in VLR I'm kind of numb to it. Time to play fast and loose with the fabric of space and time like never before.I will say... I liked it. Quite a bit. The presentation wasn't at its best but the tie-ins with VLR are well done, and for a conclusion to the series, I think the main ending was gloriously fitting.Also this happens:https://youtu.be/ImbN08ep5AYSo there's that."
76561198220519669,Recommended,311240,23948002,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,EndarkCuli,"I've now played every game in the Zero Escape series.  999 got my attention with its story, though it had its flaws, as to be expected of something that hadn't really been done before in such a way.  VLR had some great additions, like flow charts for navigation and voice acting, but there were still a couple of minor bugs that were never patched out.  And now, at last, I have played ZTD.  It's as amazing as I had hoped it would be.  I'd be lying if I said it was flawless; I've seen Mira's hair do a silly thing or two if she stands up too fast in a cutscene.  But the characters are interesting, even as they're dying in gruesome ways due to bad decisions you're completely responsible for. The story's fascinating, if you can handle the odd mix of sci-fi and paranatural fantasy that's been present since the first game. And solving puzzles was fun once I got the hang of the PC controls.  Life can be tragic, but gems like this make things feel better.  I recommend it!"
,Recommended,311240,24825660,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"One of the most unique games I have ever played.  Some of the Dialogue can drag on in a very JRPG like manner, and the nature of the game means there is repetition in the story.  That said....still a very interested story and unique game that is an experience worth having.This is a story only playthrough of the game (no puzzles) that takes us from  beginning to the the 'true ending with commentary.    I recommending checking out parts of it and then playing it for yourself.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMwxDTnJBnoEpisodes II-IV may be found at:http://www.youtube.com/c/LittleMacscorner"
76561198041856369,Recommended,311240,24245015,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Christo4s,Awesome great finale to the series.
76561198305754273,Recommended,311240,24247537,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,MrXenik,"So... Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma, The third and final game for the Zero Escape series. For this to be the final game in the series... They went all the **** out!Now I won't go into too much detail about the story, but if you played the other 2 games 999 and Virtue Last Reward (Both coming to steam so you can play those later) then you know some things for this story, while if this is your first game playing one of the Zero Escape games then no need to worry, the help explain some things so you know just what you need between all of the characters.Now... Lets go over the characters, Story, Gameplay, and my final thoughts on this alright? So kinda bear with me...Characters!You start with 3 characters in 3 different groups, My personal favorite group is C team, led by Carlos and have Akane and Junpei, characters from 999. Akane mostly knows a lot of information and different subjects so she helps explains some of the terms in the game. Junpei is a jerk mostly who doesn't really seem to care about much, which is a LOT different than what he acts like in 999, but if you get into the backstory of Junpei, then you kinda know how he became what he is in this game. Carlos is amazing for being a new character to be introduced, a fire fighter who became part of this game just to save his little sister.D team! Led by Diana with Sigma and Phi.  Now if you played VLR, then you know who Sigma and Phi are, and if you payed attention then you know who Diana looks a lot like of. Now I won't say much about Sigma and Phi besides that they seem to know something of what happens in the future and are trying to stop it by going to the place where Zero Escape ZTD takes place. Diana is a head nurse who works at a hospital and came to D com (The Place where ZTD takes place, to send people to Mars.) because of a suggestion from one of her friends.Q team! Possibly the team that I didn't really like that much until I got more information about all 3 of them. Q, The leader with Mira and Eric, boyfriend and girlfriend, I think... Now Q is a young boy who has a wierd thing on his head, so you can't see his face, he does seem to know a lot of things. Eric! He is a mixed guy for me, I feel sorry for him at times and others I'm like ""YOU ****ING JACK***!"". He also works at an ice cream shop and have it seems to have a complex with Mira his ""Angel"" ... Angle? You know... the one with wings. Mira you don't really get into too much stuff with her until you look at Q teams and see her backstory... and DAMN do I like her... she is just... Yeah I can't say much more otherwise I'll ruin something...Story time... 9 participants are met with a man/woman who calls themself ""Zero the 2nd"". First, the person offers them a choice and flips a coin, If they get it right, then they will allow all 9 to leave and continue with their lives, but if they get it wrong... then they are force to play the ""Decision game"", and can only escape when at least 6 people have died, to get passwords to escape from the shelter. Now if you played Zero escape, then you know this game is HEAVILY story based and a LOT of information is given and you need to pay attention to understand how everything works. In fact its a good thing it is, because sometimes you will forget something, and have no clue how it ties in, but Spike Chunsoft did it perfectly where EVERYTHING you don't understand will fit perfectly.Gameplay! Think of this like a virtual novel, with you doing puzzles once in a while and solving riddles that will help you decide your ending. Even if you die in 1 path, you can go back in a different path and what you have learned in 1 path may help you in a different path. Like for example, Q team had something to do with a door and it had a hint, However they couldn't do anything with the door as it had nothing on their side. However, D team had a door and a place to enter a code, And they had no clue what they need. Hence how you need to switch between paths to get the answers you need to beat this game.Lets see... My final thoughts on this...It's a good series, I watched 999 as I didn't have a DS and had no clue about it until I watched a lets play of it, after that I found out that VLR was on the 3DS so I went and played that and enjoyed it with loving how the story happens. I'm sad and happy that this series is over, but ZTD met my expectations, tied up all of the loose ends, and it still meets how a ZE game is... it makes you think you know the ending, but it's up to your own interpretation... and dang do I recommend this game, If you have or haven't played the other 2, you will understand this game, and enjoy the puzzles, the riddles, and the characters. The only thing I didn't really like is how the 3D models look somewhat... lifeless at times, while in the other 2 games with sprites, they seemed more alive. But besides that...TL;DR: Good Game, Good Story, Good Characters, I give it a 9.5/10The .5 is because of the models, but yeah, slight nit pick."
,Recommended,311240,23946132,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Myopic,"""You shouldn't of done that..."""
76561198037461860,Not Recommended,311240,29151494,Posted: 9 January,all,Fidget,"There is aLOTof slog and filler, and I'm pretty disappointed with the puzzles and the animation quality. It may be better if I don't share my opinions on the plot and characters.But I know that if you're here then there's a good chance you're already invested in the series and you're gonna play through it anyway. I recommend turning on the Text Skip option and using it heartily."
,Not Recommended,311240,34119159,Posted: 8 August,all,hmk89,"Great story. Won't recommend it because it's a very bad port, with all sorts of nuisances, like bugs, freezes and crashes. Devs are kinda slow, as there are very few fixes and updates.I can't even open the game anymore. [not solved yet - aug/2017]The point is, I payed full console price for a game that's full of bugs and almost unplayable. Will japanese devs ever going to learn how PC gaming works?Check the foruns before buying it on a sale <75%"
,Recommended,311240,23982055,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Don Weiss,"""We are in the history God abandoned..."""
76561198026758906,Recommended,311240,28861314,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Izoold,"game is called Zero EscapeI escapedgg ez, not sure if it's worth 30 bucks though"
76561198314012466,Recommended,311240,23980745,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cockintosh,Why did the snail cross the road?To kill six billion people.Because reasons.
76561198039903941,Not Recommended,311240,26442897,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,GG Wentworth [LAG],"*Sigh* I really really wanted to like this game.  The Zero Escape series, 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, has been one of my favorite games series of all time.  Virtue's Last Reward, while not quite as good as 999 was, opened up the story massively.  It created so many interesting questions about where this story was going to go.  And since it pretty much left off on a cliff-hanger, I was immensly looking forwards to this game.  What a dissappointment.  This game was almost not made as the Zero Escape series was never a very profitable series of games.  Understandably so, its a very niche market for escape the room puzzle visual novel games.  So in order to get this game made in the first place, they had to do so with a significantly reduced budget.  And it shows in every aspect of the game.  The graphics are horrendous.  I imagine they switched to the 3D animated style because it was cheaper and easier to put together, but it really takes you out of the story when the characters mouths flap around durring dialogue and you can so clearly see the low quality of the character models.  Another aspect in which the reduced budget really shows is in how short this game feels.  Its largely exacerbated by the way they decided to tell this game's story.  Instead of letting you make a series of choices and see how they play out to the end, you instead play through a series story pieces between which your character's memories are erased.  So you never know the consequences of your choices and there can be little to no character development until half way thorugh the game when the mechanic is dropped like the sack of rocks it is.  While it is a cool idea, it ends up being largely frustrating and confusing.  And since the game is fairly short they aren't able to capitalize on this mechanic very well.  There just aren't enough story threads make you truly wonder where you are in the timeline effectively.  The puzzles and choices you get to make throughout the game are pretty solid and about what we've come to expect from the Zero Escape series.  However the story and characters is where the game truly falls on its face.  Let's start with the characters.  Boy oh boy did they ruin the characters of this series.  The game consists of three groups of three characters.  In one group we have two of the protagonists of 999, Akane and Junpei.  These characters and their story form one of the major threads of this series.  And they absolutely destroy their characters in this game.  Junpei has effectively become a whiney disaffected teenager.  He is so absurdly unlikeable and it just kills me as someone who has played the other games in this series and come to love his character so much.  They eventually give a reason for this, but it is very unsatisfactory and largely unnecessary for it to have happened in the first place.  Another group contains two more returning characters.  Phi and Sigma.  Of course because of the way Virtue's Last Reward ended, this is not the same Sigma that we came to know in the previous game.  Its just a boring and stern nothing of a character who pairs very well with Phi's also complete lack of interesting character in this game.  The third group isn't even worth talking about.  They are crap filler characters that no one likes and have no relevance to the overarching story.  So yes, that does make 1/3 of this game pointless and annoying to play through.  The overall plot starts out alright, but the ending is so terrible that it legit almost ruins the entire series.  It breaks the series' own rules for how the jumping and shifting stuff works and leaves almost every plot thread from the previous games unanswered.  They try to cover some of the lack of an ending with little text cutscenes to cover what happened to the characters after the story concluded but even those failed.  They were way too short and covered almost nothing of value.  In the end we are left with an ending to a great series that is so unsatisfactory that it almost makes me regret loving the series in the first place."
76561198024677132,Not Recommended,311240,26615755,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Eoc,You are looking at The Matrix 3.This is the third game of the trilogy and for the most part the prequels would be better off without it.(btw: The prequels are coming to steam as “the Nonary Games” and are AMAZING! You should absolutely play them if you like Visual Novel-style games and Escape-the-Room-puzzles!)Play it if you dearly loved the other games and absolutely need to know what is supposed to “conclude” the overall story.Otherwise don’t. There will be only cringe and pain.
76561198038625342,Not Recommended,311240,34194686,Posted: 12 August,all,Dash,"Zero Time Dilemma is drastically better than its predecessors as far as presentation goes.  I would say the graphics have a comic book style feel.  I really did appreciate it, especially when compared against the other two games in the series.  I also felt the voice acting was drastically better, although I hated zero’s English voice actor so much that I played the game with the Japanese voice actors and English subs.  I also felt the puzzles were drastically better then Virtues Last Reward.  There were a few that made absolutely no sense, but for the most part I felt they were well done.I will say that I felt the way the menus for the time flows were laid out just was terrible.  Most of the time I had no idea what I was supposed to be clicking on or where.  It’s divided into story fragments menus, global flow menus, and character flow menus.  I guess it was kind of fun to do a character menu scene and then after see where it appeared on the global flow and if that’s entirely how you picked things that would be fine, but eventually it gets to the point where you have to go into sub menus of the character flow menu to find the right path or clicking on the global flow menu and then choosing paths from there to find the character path.  It was too much.  I guess if the plan was to have the menu’s be its own puzzle then job well done…but I’m pretty sure it wasn’t, which means it was just poorly designed.Despite that if the story was good I would recommend the game, but it’s just not.  I don’t understand why people praise the story of this series.  First, this game is a direct sequel so it’s not like you can skip the other games.  You’ll be utterly lost if you haven’t played the others.  Which is certainly fine, but the way character act and the way the story is laid out makes no sense.  You fine yourselves at a Mars simulation in the desert, maybe in Nevada.  You have all agreed to be part of this test because the organization was paying people $500k to participate (I’m not sure  who thought that was an accurate number, no one is paying people that much money for this.  Especially, a group of randos with no real skills).  You are then captured by someone calling himself Zero and forced into a death trap game in a bunker where 6/9 of you will die. So again it sets up a murder mystery…but it’s just so utterly terribly told and just a mess at every turn, explaining why would all involve spoilers though.First, so long as you’ve played the other games it takes all of 2 hours to figure out every single mystery in the game except who is Zero.  It has the same problem of Virutes Last Reward, but at least thankfully this game is shorter.  So you only have to wait about 20 hours after figuring everything out for the characters to admit it.  Such as it’s painfully obvious Sigma and Diana are the parents of Phi…to the point where I’m not sure if this was supposed to be a mystery or not.  Diana and Phi constantly act like mother and daughter…so when it’s revealed at the very end they are and the characters act surprised I was just utterly baffled.There is also a subplot that one of the characters is a serial killer (not zero, I mean another serial killer).  I mean it’s Mira, their isn’t even a question.  She acts like a sociopath in everything she says and Sean’s hint that he knows about a serial killer so painfully points to Mira that it’s just ridiculous.  Again…since it was so obvious I’m not even sure if it was a mystery.So really the only mystery in the game is who is zero and it’s an unsolvable mystery.  Zero is a character that you have never heard of.  See it turns out Zero is really Phi’s twin brother Delta who Sigma and Diana put in an alien teleporter that teleported him to the year 1904 where he was raised by German scientists (and I mean clearly he became a Nazi, there is no way this lunatic that performs horrendous experiments on people wasn’t one of Hitler’s top scientists).  He came up with this master plan in order to fix the paradox that if he didn’t put people in this death trap game he would never have been born, because he gets conceived in the death trap game…except it’s not a paradox, so there was no reason for him to do this.  He exists simply because the teleporter sent him to a world where he exists…there was absolutely no reason for him to recreate the circumstances where he was born.Oh yea, I should also mention the entire game is an unreliable narrator.  It turns out Zero was part of your group of 9 the whole time and it was really a group of 10.  They just never really mention or reference him and I guess it’s supposed to be that the player is him.  It’s a cheap twist.  It takes the genius of Agatha Christie’s twist in The Murder of Roger Ackroyd and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥izes it.  The game literally could have done that twist though and it would have been genius.  All it would have required was the game telling you that you are the character of Delta and everything is seen through your eyes and the characters could have directly been talking to you.  That’s not what happens here, no one really acknowledges Delta’s existence, he’s apparently there in every scene, but no one mentions him at all.  Clues all certainly point to him existing, but the game tries very hard to obfuscate that.The game wanted a grand twist at the end, but that twist also ruins the murder mystery occurring in the game.  I guess a lot of people don’t care.  They seem to think this twist is a masterstroke, but I can’t really accept it.  It’s just too many logical leaps. (1) that when characters talk about Q, they mean Delta and not the robot who the game makes you think is Q (2) That Delta is a 124 year old man who is the son of Sigma and Diana who was sent back in time in an alien teleporter (3) That Delta/Q is Zero and their motive for putting everyone together is to stop a terrorist in the future form killing 8 billion people so really he’s a good guy.  Even if you could make the logical leap that hey wait this is weird the game doesn’t seem to be talking about the robot boy when they are saying Q…their must secretly be a 10th person here which is me…and if they are doing that it must mean that Q is Zero!  I don’t see how then you can connect the motive of…he must be doing all these horrible things in order to stop terrorists from wiping out humanity.  This point is literally never even brought up until the very end of the game, so you couldn’t possibly know this was the motive.I guess the game is a serviceable time travel scifi story.  I don’t care for it because I dislike the twist that it deals with alien teleporter technology.  Also the ending where everyone is now friends with Mira…who again is still a brutal serial killer…who they all remember specifically murdering everyone in the game as well as the dozens she killed outside the game, but apparently is now sorry so it’s alright (what serial killer has ever said, oh I’m sorry I’m going to be a nice person now).Ugh, all I wanted was a good murder mystery.  Why is that so difficult."
,Recommended,311240,30657718,Posted: 21 March,all,Moon,"This game is going to make you think about things that you wouldn't first realize are there, and then take it all away because it's wrong.Plenty of endings and mind bending rooms this game will either have you thinking or deciding.If you're a maniac for puzzles and stuff, this game is for you, but first of all don't forget to play the first two games!"
76561198018083635,Recommended,311240,24082364,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Toph,Amazing. Definitely worth picking up if you're a fan of the series.
76561198116348874,Recommended,311240,30404309,Posted: 8 March,all,超级大JB,This is just a great game.
,Recommended,311240,33530162,Posted: 14 July,all,gay ass,hate eric
,Recommended,311240,24260986,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Radioactive,"Despite all its actually quite many flaws, I feel this game succeeded in being good entertainment. It manages to tell an interesting and gripping story with a decent cast of characters, interspersed with a good variety of puzzles.That said, I definitely think you should play the prequels first."
76561198167758862,Recommended,311240,24246458,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,soyatjon,"I don't know what to say...Just great story, great gameplay, many surprises and a great game overall. Graphics are decent and the soundtrack is awesome. In fact, I would say this is the best game of 2016 so far. I know I have a small played hours, but trust me, I have finished the game on my 3ds. which takes little over 25 hours, and I cannot say anything bad about it."
,Recommended,311240,23935166,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CLY,"I'm loving this game so far! Very thrilling story line! It reminds me alot of ""Until Dawn"" and ""Saw"".I made a video on this game. Feel free to use it as a review source:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjaq-Z-DuYQ"
,Not Recommended,311240,29026264,Posted: 4 January,all,CreatorZMS,"I've been a big fan of the Zero Escape Series for a long time, so when I finally got this game, I was ecstatic. Problem is, at least the pc version, it's unpolished as all heck.The game feels like a long movie, in previous titles in this series, we could press a button and speed up the dialouge, but in this game we don't have that luxury. We are forced to slowly watch the same things over and over with cutscenes that look like garbage and voice acting that could be... better.There are bugs everywhere, and for whatever reason, there is no keyboard functionality. It seems they got rid of it so you have the option to use a controller.To be honest the story isn't that bad though, Which is what the game is about.The stories in the Zero Escape games have all been brilliant, however this one feels lacking as we know a lot about the universe from previous games and it kills a lot of the mystery that benefitted the games before.All in all.It's a shame I can't beat the game.You see, I encountered a game breaking bug that completely and utterly ruined my experience, I'd start a new file, however, as mentioned above, I would have to watch everything all over again (which I don't want to do).I've tried contacting Chunsoft multiple ways to see if they would do something but they never responded.The game's story is good, the game overall, is bad.If you want to experience this game, just wait till your favorite youtube let's player plays it so you don't have to suffer through the game itself and you can enjoy the story."
76561198153594493,Recommended,311240,24491358,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,CrabNicholson,Spoilers: Always execute Gab. Gab is Zero.
,Recommended,311240,23942092,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,LJ,A+ sIGMA IS Di0 2/.05 would look at again?
76561198027960250,Recommended,311240,23939821,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,dna,Escaped in 5 minutes5/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,311240,29004051,Posted: 4 January,all,ほいまん,はっきり言って、他人にお奨めできるゲームではありません。ストーリー、キャラクター、カタルシス、システム、全てにおいて魅力がありません。おおぉと思うからくりが２つほどありましたが、全体的に読めば読むほどイライラするゲームです。私は、惰性で全ての実績を解除しましたが、なればこそ、他の人にはこのゲームをやって欲しくありません。完全なる時間の無駄と思えたゲームは久しぶりです。
,Recommended,311240,23932957,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Maaaaiyiiii,"Finished the game in like 10 minutes.Definately a masterpiece.10/10Will play again,Junpei is bae."
76561197995476665,Not Recommended,311240,24455313,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Aengus,"First of all, the game is extremely slow. It takes around one and a half hour just to get to the first puzzle. During this times you make only 3 or 4 decisions, and mainly just listen to the repetitive conversations of the characters.The puzzles themselves seem far-fetched, but maybe it's just me. I prefer physical puzzles like those in Portal or Half-Life to artificial ones, in which you have to find some clues and ""hidden meanings"".Also, the typography of English subtitles is terrible."
76561198014098739,Not Recommended,311240,29005273,Posted: 4 January,all,Potiosector,"The script is bloated and full of sentences no human being would say. The psychological horror comes from the sub-Disney channel acting, where, at times of imminent death, the actors emote at the level of stress you'd expect if someone pushed in front of them in a queue. The writers fail to understand that it might be possible for someone to shut down - or at least go quiet - in a crisis, rather than Emote. As if! The Actors. Were Being. Paid By the time! They Take. To Say! Their Lines. The puzzles are fine, but given the first hour or so involved exactly four player choices, the pointless and frankly stupid deaths were almost a relief. At one point, two characters wake up in a room, missing a third, who is later found dead for plot reasons and the two original characters later fight to the death over who killed the third. Except... it doesn't occur to either of them that perhaps the sinister mastermind WHO MOVED THEM TO THE ROOM WHILE THEY WERE KNOCKED OUT may have been the killer. I mean, the plot is stupid enough for it to be one of the two, but if it was, and they did it because they wanted to be one of the survivors, why didn't they off the other (still knocked out) person at the same time as they killed the first? And then stage a hidden death tableau?This game is not tense. It is not smart. It is not an exploration of human emotions. It is a series of things that happen for an audience. Don't be that audience. Play something with a more meaningful plot, and better acting, like Space Invaders."
,Not Recommended,311240,28675030,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Very cool dude,its a (confusing) movie where you get to press a button every once in a while to make something happeni greatly enjoyed the previous two games but this one is just.. nah
76561198084192792,Recommended,311240,30499673,Posted: 13 March,all,alvarotuso,Because there was a snail
76561198007277039,Recommended,311240,29244187,Posted: 14 January,all,nightkids29,"so far, i enjoy the game.  good story."
,Not Recommended,311240,29122204,Posted: 8 January,all,13xforever,"If you've misfortune to play VLR and left hooked up on the ending, this game will provide the colure on most loose ends.Unfortunately, this is the extend of good value you get. Now, onto the bad parts.It starts very slow, choice to have the fragmented storytelling was the wrong choice to do, even if the whole story revolves around this concept.Plot itself, even after you stitch it all together, is bland and so full of holes, it's not even funny. Overall it feels like writers did bite more than they could chew, and gave up halfway throughout the plotting the script.In the end, in my opinion, the series should've ended on 999. VLR was fine, but ZTD isn't able to tie the triology cleanly, which is a great shame."
,Recommended,311240,23931554,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,zawa,A worthy conclusion to the series despite the somewhat disappointing ending.+Strong writing and characters+Good puzzles+Great soundtrack with remixes previous games music and completely new songs+Intrigue and suspense is masterfully done-Disappointing ending-Some retcons and unanswered questions9/10
,Recommended,311240,24272870,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,BearJazz,"Funyarinpa confirmed, 10/10"
,Recommended,311240,24256147,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,[USF4] ricky,Buy this game. NOW!
76561198045333625,Not Recommended,311240,29889420,Posted: 12 February,all,matlingo,".....I hate this game for many reason's, including that it ingnores plot points  from previous games in the zero escape series, only including them if their necessary for the plot. i hate the fact that this plot is filled with plot holes like swiss cheese. i hate the fact that the returning characters personalities have chaged to the point of being unrecogziable. i hate the fact that the pseudosicence is now reduced to pretenious garbage. i hate the ""twist"".  I hate the game uses the ""cinematic"" style but Fails To understand the very basics of cinematic language itself (SHOW. DO. NOT. TELL.). I hate the games ending and its failure to decide if it wants to be a ""cliffhanger"" (Which, mind you IT CANT due to, you know... FINALE) or a ""happy"" ending. I hate the fact that MANY Gaming Journalist's have given this game ""Matsterpiece! 10/10"" ""9/10"" ""PERFECTION!""  ""UCHIKOSHI'S DONE IT AGAIN!"" (Mind you the fact, you know, HE WROTE ONLY 1/3 OF THE ENTIRE GAME!) and other high scores the game does not deserve at all.And yet im not mad. Oh yeah i was mad when the game came out at first, but now  im dissapointed. Why?..... i just pity it for not being the zero escape i wanted, nor the community at large wants. if this came out in 2013, there would be alot of anger. Why? This is not the zero escape 3 WE wanted.  Operation Blue Bird did not fight for this mess. We did not deserve this garbage. yet the""spike chunsoft wont let me make this""  uchikosi message, made us fight. and then some spike chunsoft got the message and got an idea, to ""restart"" the game production, but only giving them a small budget and time constrats so they had to rush it. and so it was. in 2014 a cryptic teaser site called 4infinty debuted with a countdown  and words related to the game, and evrey gaming outlet reported it. Now, somewhere in america, a little boy heard that news too. and wondered.""whats going on with this wierd site?"" and visted a fourm. it said it was related to a game called 999. he had heard of the game, but never really played it. so he got the ios version. and although confused at first by the games ending, he looked it up. and said ""ohhhhhh i get it :)"" then he played vlr next, after frustraion that the countdown ended with ""nothing"" he was VERY liking it. and while he was playing it, he got the news ther WOULD be a zero escape 3. He was happy in the knowlege that after he finished it, in a year, he play ze3 and have a satifying ending. Well..... SImply put That boy was ME. This is NOT ze3.This is not the game OBB Expected to play.Operation blue bird did not win.in fact they , no me..., no... EVERY zero escape fan did not win.All of us, were simply expolited. Even of Uchikosi, Who had a bad run of stupid mastakes, during ""resumed"" development.He to, expoited us in some way with his poor choicesThis is an expoitation of our money by spike chusoft after seeing that blue bird.I dont care about the release order, Play ZTD after 999, and after that play VLR. Then you A: Be more ""satifed"" and less angrier than me. B: end your experience with a WORTHWILE conclusion, Even though it was the inteded cliffhanger. Even though im not ""recommending"" this, your probaly gonna play this anyway. Because vlr ends on a cliffhanger that leads to this. Because YOU are easily exploitable puppet that just want's closure (that your not gonna get , BTW) To a once great series.At Best, this was a 7. at worst, 5.Not 10's and 9 from easily expoited people. The only reason you like the game is because it got released in the first place.Just beacuse a game gets released, dosent mean it automaticlay gets perfect scores, just because producion was halted, delayed, was almost cancled, Whatever. (Duke nukem Forever everyone?)Id had to wait a year, and IM♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and you should be to. Becasuse this is just pure, hard, EXPLOITAION.A Game comes out, you really love it, it sequel gets halted, you ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan, some exec decides to exploit you, it gets released, its garbage, But you love it. because your hype has just been exploited, by greedy executives, and stupid writers, who just want your MONEY.Life is Simply Unfair, Don't You Think?"
76561198118283803,Not Recommended,311240,28207898,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Analimal,"I Just dont see the point of playing this game, maybe im not a real samurai or some **** but why is the story line so ****ed, puzzles are good but thats pretty much it the ambiance is the same as those games that u need to find 30 items on a picture and the horror is just disapointing."
76561197974933293,Not Recommended,311240,28485037,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,BadMagiX,"I played both the danganronpa games, and loved them, and i enjoy visual novels, but the way this game flows is really frustrating and i almost immediately gave up on playing this. I just want the game to pick an order for me, on what choices/characters i play, instead of entirely bringing me out of the immersion of the game to browse through a ridiculous menu. Maybe things flow more smoothly further into the game, but I cant even right now.."
76561198064198257,Not Recommended,311240,25168705,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Monoliths,"Writing is ♥♥♥♥ing awful, pacing is poor and the game feels like a chore to get through. Unless you've played the other games or are willing to sit through slow boring dialogue, poor acting, and a meaningless story then this game is not for you."
,Recommended,311240,30344425,Posted: 5 March,all,christophloew,"This is not a good gamebut you're into room escapeor time travelyou should play it anyway.The graphics are limited to what a 3DS can handle, so don't expect even Borderlands-level cell shading.The characters are between unlikable and not even recognizably human in their actions.You'll need a walk-through at least twice to get past ridiculous puzzles.The game presents trivialities like the Monty-Hall problem or the weak anthropic principle as earth-shattering insights.After the 11 hours playtime are done and everything falls into place, it all (except for the mixed quality puzzles) has an in-game explanation, but the overarching story can not cover all the shortcomings encountered while getting to that end.It is worth the 20 EUR/USD I bought this game on sale for, but it does not present its story in an accessible way.If you:- liked anything else by Chunsoft- look for a game with some good room escape puzzles and can stomach a mediocre visual novel- are an emo teenageryou might like this. I did."
,Not Recommended,311240,29111411,Posted: 8 January,all,An Angry Fix,"I could not stand this game. It's not even a game. Or if there is a game in there I couldn't stand it long enough to reach it. What I experienced was an incredibly poorly writen narrative, full of nonsensical lines, reptitive summations and insipid reactions. This god awful script was peformed at probably the single worst level of voice-acting that I have ever experienced. And I played games in the 90s. And then on top of this all, it was the dumbest incarnation of interactivity.Why do people even pretend that this is interactive? When I am watching a narrative and then for no good reason the story stops and gives me three subject areas to learn more about... that's not interactivty... that's just the world's worst editing/UI. Like, I have to click all three of them. There's not a person on Earth playing a game like this that doesn't click all three. And so it begs the question: why am I the one choosing the order that this conversation happens in? I don't freakin' care what order they discuss these topics! Same thing happens with the so-called puzzles. The ones I made it through  - a Prisoner's Dilemma-esque situation - weren't even remotely puzzle-like. Sure, I was given a choice of where to put a vote but it was arbitrary. I was just picking a story branch. But who the hell thinks that is fun? Why am I picking the story branch? The writer's know what happens next. They should pick the narrative branch and give me interactivity through actual puzzles.The pacing was painfully slow and the wrost part of all was that because they couldn't guarnatee what order we would see the clips, they had to include the same information over and over and over and over and over. No way to speed it up. No way to skip it.It was literally... and I mean literally mean literally.... torture."
,Not Recommended,311240,24184367,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Siddarth Vader,"Do not misunderstand me. I would highly recommend this game on the 3DS. If you've read any other comments by now, you would have come to an understanding that the animation is poor. But on my high end Alienware, the animations often have a very low frame rate. Every second, I get a frame rate spike dropping down to roughtly 5 FPS. This isn't an exaggeration.I have played the previous games twice each, and I was very excited for the third release, but please, buy this on the 3DS. The PC has no options for Quality or Resoltuion (so much for a port!)I have asked for a refund, and if it goes through, then I'll re-buy it on my 3DS."
,Not Recommended,311240,24363420,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Przzz,"I've played games like Danganronpa, Broken Sword, Ace Attorney and other adventure games across multiple platforms but Zero Escape is the only one that is more of a chore than fun to play.The story is about 9 people that misteriously got trapped on a research facility on Mars, but this facility is now under control of a man named Zero, for some reason he will grant your freedom until 6 of those 9 persons are dead, the premise of this game is about ""making"" choices and you can get a grasp of it by the first game he makes the entire cast play; a coin toss.If you guess his answer right you end up leaving the facility with everyone alive and the game literally ends up there (Credits roll and everything) if you don't then you get to play his killing game and the entire story this game is all about.Seems quite interesting right? Choices that come with real consequences, a lot of things can happen that would twist the story and events that are going to unfold in this game, but sadly is not like this, in fact your choices make ""Zero"" effect on the plot. There's a time that the game prompts you to make a choice and kill the other 2 teams, but when the control comes to you, you can't do anything. (I don't know if this was scripted or my game glitched but i pressed all the buttons of my controller and all the keys on my keyboard and nothing happened)The ""gameplay"" in this game consist on making choices (A or B), and puzzles about escaping a room you're trapped in, this last one i have to admit is pretty cool but sometimes the puzzles are really ambiguous.Another interesting thing is that the game is not linear and this makes the game a puzzle itself because you will need to know the real order of events that occur in the game in order to understand what's happening, this means that in your first time you will end up playing ""fragments"" of the story way ahead of your time or way behind, unfortunately to me i solved some of the first order of events but my choices didn't carry up in the story at all, leaving certain characters or teams dead when i clearly made some choices that will not lead up to that event.At that point i got frustrated and i lost all my interest in this game after waiting the release date since the day the said it was coming to steam.I'll update this review after i make sure of a few things, if the game hasn't change my mind i'll leave it as it is.TLDR; It's a visual novel with 3d models instead of sprites, those models are like robots instead of resembling real people with real emotions, there are choices to be made but they don't matter at all because the game wants to be beated at a certain way, the puzzles are fun but ambiguous at the same time, the story is really convoluted so you need to play the prequels"
76561198025166584,Not Recommended,311240,24274176,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Sidney McKenzie,That snail ruined an entire franchise.
76561198031433857,Not Recommended,311240,24339426,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,rackak2010,"Its called ""Decision Game"", but the decisions do not matter at all. They are completely useless even.The puzzle rooms were so easy that I was always thinking : 'Its just a tutorial', but the ""Final boss puzzle room"" I was waiting for never came, which left me with a sense of utter disappointement.The cutscenes were so painful to watch. They should have kept the visual novel style.The flow chart made zero sense. The vote had zero impact on the rest of the game."
,Not Recommended,311240,24035898,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,stevesyanks17,This is a big disappointment.
76561197996719954,Not Recommended,311240,24006698,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,danmaku,"Wait for 999 to come out and play it first.Get this on sale. It's mostly good, but the ending is a kick to the balls in terms of expectations.Lets use an analogy: It's like seeing a baby coming to term and the subsequent birth. Everything is intense, scary and emotion filled, but once the baby is delivered, there's just poop everywhere."
,Not Recommended,311240,24207801,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SickB,"This game sure looks great ... on a ♥♥♥♥ing Nintendo 3DS Screen but not on a Pc Monitor!i can´t stand timewaster puzzles where you trial and error your way through (build a heart) or need 1000 sheets of paper to wright every ♥♥♥♥ down.I now play with the Walkthrough in the background because a can´t care anymore for the stupid logic behind all of this, i just want the story to go forward and not look at some ♥♥♥♥ resolution cards for hours. This game isn´t that pretty that i suffer through this.Would be a great game without the puzzles. So it´s just good.Concidering the resolution (textures) of the ""Pc"" Version it´s not even good. It´s makes it just ... meh.I now create a puzzle of my own like the dev did:A= 16, B=C, Y=?, Some Number is some other Number. G=B. No Sense = No Sense.Put in Password now:Looks like fun? No? Really Not? There you have it ... it´s no fun ... give me a skip button and this review maybe would become a thumbs up."
76561198001668419,Not Recommended,311240,29232201,Posted: 13 January,all,CapFox,Dissapointing.
,Not Recommended,311240,23990742,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,RatmanJ,"As a lover of the zero escape series, this game really upsets me. The sound bugs out all of the time and even makes the game freeze up, the animations are worse than PS1 animations like I'm watching a Chuck E Cheese robot show, the story is rushed, and its hard to feel invested in the characters.If you are not invested in the series, do not get this. If you do, you'll get really confused and frustrated almost immediately.  There's honestly nothing here for people who aren't caught up in the series, just subpar escape the room puzzles and a confusing as hell story that makes the worst anime coherient.If you are invested and want to see the conclusion to the series, wait for a patch. This feels like a terrible hack of a port from the 3ds to PC."
76561198005778719,Not Recommended,311240,24003805,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Zorlond,"Do not buy this.The premise? Strong. The graphics/sound? Well done. The voice acting? Eh, not a strong point.The writing however... The ending is TERRIBLE. It is such a badly-done hatchet job that it has permanently stained my opinion of the game. I was following it along just fine up until the last quarter(ish) of the game, where it just went completely off the rails into bad writing. And since it's 20 hours long, there's no chance of a refund. $40 for a terrible experience without a chance to get your money back.Don't buy this."
76561197976772214,Not Recommended,311240,23974572,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Trogdor2010,"Enjoyed playing Virtue's Last Reward on the PSvita. I was estatic that the next game would come on PC. While I really want to continue playing the game, for the first hour, I really enjoyed it with it's visual novel segments, until I got to the puzzles, where the problems came immediately upfront. You cannot rebind any buttons or keys and the buttons that they bind do not match with keys, coming straight from the controller. It looks straight out of a 3DS version of the game. It doesn't help that the field of view in the puzzles sections are designed for a tablet, making it immediately nauseating when viewing from a monitor or television unless you sit unreasonably far away from the screen. I was expecting this to be a bare-bones port, but fundamental issues makes me regret purchasing it. This shouldn't have been released at this state. Strongly recommend waiting on a sale or going with the Vita or 3DS version."
,Not Recommended,311240,30488903,Posted: 13 March,all,DEAD,"THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTE GARBAGE, DO NOT BUY IT, IT IS A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY!!!This is the worst third game of any franchise in the history of gaming and here is why:1. ZE:999 and ZE:VLR had a great presentation of the story, it was immersive and well constructed as a traditional visual novel. ZE:ZTD is fragmented and a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ there is 0 immersion, it is unclear and it is presented in the worst 3d garbage visuals I've ver seen, people talk without their mouths moving, people's hair move at random without them moving, full of other visual glitches and even when the visuals work, they look like complete dogshit.2. ZE:999 and ZE:VLR had 100x times better writing than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ZE:ZTD. The characters are garbage, nothing like what they used to be, the conversations are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and make no sense, the atmosphere is crap, everything about it is crap.ZE:ZTD is the worst selling game in the Zero Escape franchise and it killed this franchise for good, there will never be a Zero Escape 4 game. There tons of plotholes, the story didn't get a conclusion... ""make up your own conclusion"", lmao, get the ♥♥♥♥ out you cancerous trash Kotaro Uchikoshi. He wrote ZE:999 and ZE:VLR so much better. I will never ever buy another Spike Chunsoft game, a cancerous company that didn't give enough funds and time to get a proper third ZE game and that cancerous trash Kotaro Uchikoshi obviously cared more about delivering a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ product and make some little money than to give a proper conclusion to his story and creation, he is not a true artist, just a cheap human trash.I suggest all of you to either watch this garbage game on YouTube or get the game through ""other means"" (you know what I am talking about ;) hehe). Same for the upcoming ""The Nonary Games"" bundle, I will get that game, I will play that game, but I will make sure that Spike Chunsoft won't get any benefit or profit from it hehehehe ;)))Anyone who dislikes this review is a moronic fanboy or a shill."
,Recommended,311240,25640249,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Funployee,"About THIS game: It’s great. The story is interesting, if you don’t mind a little crazy. Most of the puzzles are tightly designed to leave little room for not being able to find the next step, but occasionally they can frustrate with an exceedingly inconspicuous clue or item placement. The Transporter room is an especially odd duck in terms of difficulty, but that’s technically “end game” (regardless of how early you CAN play it).I was unsold on the “fragments” mechanic (which allows you to play sequences of the game in almost any order you want to), and still think I would have enjoyed the more traditional Zero Escape structure more, but once you get to the “event horizon” and all of the pieces begin to fall into place, it’s very satisfying… just don’t take extended time off from this game before you complete it, especially if you’re new to the series; forgetting details will lessen the impact of certain revelations.I do wish there were a harder difficulty option for series veterans that concealed additional information and made entering ALL of the “decisions” manual and required you to keep notes in lieu of a log being available… but that’s ridiculous and not useful to someone who needs to read a review to know if they’d want to play this.About the series: This series started under the pretense of a ""locked room"" murder mystery, but at this point in the series its crazy flag is flying proud immediately. I wouldn't say it's absolutely vital you've played the other two in order to enjoy this one (like some of the other purist reviews here), but it's highly recommended that you do because they're both great games and it's doubtful you will care much about some of the characters without that foreknowledge. The only real downside to having played both of the previous entries is that you will likely figure out a lot of the “mysteries” here a lot sooner than the game intends that you do.The story is less tight than 999 (which, like I mentioned, has the pretense of a more traditional locked room story with some weird philosophy for the first 75% of the game before going off the deep end) but is way more cohesive than VLR, which is probably the height of this series’ insanity. There’s a similarly “cheap” revelation toward the end of this game to the ultimate identity of “Zero” was in VLR, but it’s less egregious than that one was in my opinion.Playing Virtue's Last Reward is arguably a lot more important than playing 999 if you want to understand the PLOT in this one, though. The plots are very interconnected."
,Recommended,311240,25684422,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,XenoJade,"Short and sweet review;A good sequel to the Zero Escape series. It loses some points because it was obviously developed on a budget and thus faltered in the delivery of the plot. The 'fragment' system is a clunky way to show the story and you're basically stuck with it for 60% of the game. The original 40 dollar price is subjectively worth it to me as I love the game and the series, but if you aren't a fan... you should wait for a discount. The game itself is a wonderful ~22 hour game. I managed to enjoy it even when the ending was entirely spoiled for me beforehand... so that says something, right?That means you should also play 999 and Virtue's Last Reward before this game. Many of the characters are from or otherwise derived from these other games. And, honestly, I enjoyed those other games more.I'd uh, give it 4 stars out of 5? idk lol."
,Recommended,311240,23974054,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Metafalls_,#DianaDidNothingWrongalso one of the timeline comes down to family revelation gone awfully wrong
,Recommended,311240,24140813,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tenerezza,"The epic conclusion of the Zero escape trilogy finally here, and all I can say is that it's been quite a good ride from start to the end. This been pretty much the best survival mystery game I've played.But thinking that you should pickup this and start here, then stop, this game is completes the two games before this and if you skip over those won't give you a good experience what so ever, that said 999 and Zero Escape Last reward are both on the way to Steam.The game is far from perfect and there is quite a few weird plot holes / plot conveniences in the overall story but they are not big enough to kill the joy of the game as a whole.Overall thought if you want a good enjoying puzzle game with tons of suspense and mystery this is for you, but make sure you play the prequels before this one."
76561198169192616,Recommended,311240,24449750,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,mooserocka,"Wow what an adventure it took you on. I loved it. probobly the worst out of the series, but i beat every possible ending there was did not use a guide which makes it more fun. All around good game the first was still the best. No time jumping just had the best plot. I also loved teh anime feel of the first game. Still nothing wrong with this did not like the good ending though. definatly thought it could have been alot batter. 999 best in series this is pretty great. I want more but am upset this is he end : (."
,Recommended,311240,24489808,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Venger,"If you like stories, puzzles, and lots of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥happening all the time? This is your jam.Definitely play through both previous games (9 Persons, 9 Hours, 9 Doors and Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward) fully before playing. Don't just read a summary. You'll be confused and annoyed at all the things the game expects you to know already, rather than stunned and amazed at the crazy♥♥♥♥♥twists.Playtime is around 20 hours max-complete, unless you suck at puzzles or leave the game paused a lot."
,Recommended,311240,24477530,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ginger,"After waiting anxiously for what seemed like an eternity, Zero Time Dilemma lives up to all the expectations I had from a game like this. It's so rewarding, especially following the developments of Operation Bluebird (A Facebook group formed in support of a third game) and how that, and the many players worldwide, encouraged Mr. Uchikochi to give us this lovely title!I highly recommend playing the first two in the series (999 and Virtue's Last Reward) to get the most out of this jewel. Good news is, they will be released on Steam soon, too! I'm looking forward to possible bundles being on sale in the near future. And even if they aren't on sale, I promise you, all the games are worth every cent spent on them - and more.Perfect for fans of science, psuedo-science, philosophy, puzzle-solving and the mystery-thriller genre in general, with returns from old, lovable characters (and some new ones that'll be quite a treat to see develop!) as well as challenging puzzles (that sometimes, admittedly, were a little far-fetched, but did not detract from the storyline, which was the game's main focus anyway - consider it closure) and the new animation style takes the best from the game's predecessors and combines them into a style I liked much more than VLR's.Lovable characters new and old, numerous ends tied up satisfyingly,ships simultaneously created/strengthened and destroyed, new environment, new puzzles, GAB...10/10 would leave game being on the edge of their seat and enthusiastic to go out and change the world again"
76561198061278240,Recommended,311240,23997896,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DR.MANLYO,"The games great and all but I treats you like a goddam idiot, and be goddam idiot I mean goddam idiot.The game holds your hand like you're a sucidial toddler about to run in trafic, still fun tho.The puzzles can also be a bit dumb"
,Recommended,311240,23999235,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Angelpichu,9 people obsessively clean up puzzles in rooms while murdering each other and play fast and loose with various scientific concepts and ideas they wax on forever about 10/10But unironically.It's a good game and required playing for those who played 999 and VLR.
,Recommended,311240,23997371,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,NefariousDragon,I'm speechless. A fantastic conclusion to what is in my opinion the best game trilogy ever written. Bravo
,Recommended,311240,23997445,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,GFJ,"I know many others have said this, but it's true.Play 999 and VLR first, in that order.I find it hard to review it. This game is definitely for fans of the series. It both spoils the first two, and you need the context from them to fully enjoy it.Furthermore, it both spoils the prior games, yet you need the context from them to fully enjoy it.To be blunt, the graphics are pretty awful for a PC game. Very plain, and some textures are really low resolution. It's evident that this was a port from handhelds.However that's not why people play this. They play it for the next chapter in the Zero Escape series.I can't think objectively. Is this a good game, or does it just feed my hype?In the later case, it definitely did. I was hooked. I completed it (the game takes about 20 hours) in just over 2 days.I suppose I should review the series as a whole then.In short, if you want an intruiging, unique, dark visual novel, with some fun 'escape the room' puzzles, then track down a copy of 9 Hours, 9 Persons and 9 Doors for the DS and work from there."
,Recommended,311240,23969831,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Yeung,"Finish the game with all achievements unlocked. Total play time is 21 hours. The story is heavily based on the second installment of the series, Virtual's Last Reward. You've got to play that before experiencing this one.Diana is adorable!"
,Recommended,311240,23976309,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Feraligatr Lvl. 100,this game is really good.go play 999 followed by VLR if you haven't already.enjoy sci-fi anime♥♥♥♥♥♥and twists and branching timelines9/9 would access the morphogenetic field again.
,Recommended,311240,23972219,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,psyk2642,Best coin flipping simulator yet.
,Recommended,311240,23977038,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,George,"Steps to Enjoying Zero Time DilemmaPlay 999: Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine DoorsPlay Virtue's Last RewardPlay Zero Time Dilemma"
,Recommended,311240,23974366,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Neko_Baron,"Called out a coin toss, killed 6 billion people, would make bad decisions again.A worthy sequel to 999 and VLR, aside from a few teething audio issues at launch I was compelled to push my way though the entire game over a few days to full completion, a completly insane twisting plot line that lives up to the series.I would recommend playing Virtues Last Reward first if possible to get more out of the plotlines, 999 is good but not as critical to plot. Hopefully good sales will see VLR and 999 hopefully ported to PC.If your wondering about playtime I managed to rack up around 20 hours, I believer my first playthrough of VLR was 40 hours but this was due to there being a lot more text to read and EU players like me had the Japanese voice dub whiles I played ZTD in full english. I will say I have completed VLR 4 times now and I can easily imagine wanting to replay ZTD too."
76561198042575353,Recommended,311240,23979342,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,=FNS= Bros,"It was awesome and as someone who followed 999 and VLR, it was brilliant. To shortly summarize, without spoilingPro:- Awesome story and things are explained very very clearly- Plot-twists taken to another level- Lot's of questions answered- Good explanation for those first in the series(but it feels so much more awesome if you played the other 2(especially VLR), if you play ZTD then the other two you will get spoiled)- Puzzles are fun, if level difficult was increase by 1 it would be spot on.- Solid OST(even if some are remixes)- Unique style of decision makingMid:- Animation is goodish(I mean around 50% of the game is basically cutscenes), it could be a turn off for some but still I preferred this over Visual Novel style so it worked out. Despite a low budget(from what I heard) it worked out well and the plot overcomes itCon:- Tiny bit confusing at times to unlock some things(but again it could be argued that it's part of the game)- Did not like the transport puzzle(atleast one part of it)- You can quick skip dialogues which is good, maybe I just wantd to see that you can speed up text(speeding up sometimes skips dialogues so that's why I refrained from speeding up)- Choice making was solid, but it did lower the experience slighlty since sometimes I forgot what happened at a certain area when I came back to itI spent a good 16hours to complete this game, now I'm a bit down that its over. I love the people who made this possible, I hope for a similar type of game in the future!"
,Recommended,311240,23979709,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,mister tomato,"You can play this game without playing the first two, 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, but it would behoove of you to play the others first for a better experience."
76561198024380828,Recommended,311240,23980194,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,PepperHunter,"Engaging story, interesting puzzles, and some crazy science-fiction concepts is what makes the zero escape series great. This game is a great addition to the zero escape series and certainly lived up to my expectations."
76561198174433058,Recommended,311240,23973371,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,BillCosby,"Better than you could EVER ask for from a thriller!!!!!Note:Please play the first two games in the series first. Otherwise you won't like the re-occuring characters as much asyou would if you did.1- 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors (On DS)2- Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward (On 3DS and PS Vita)Pros:-Best story I have ever seen.-Very satisfying to play versus other games you might find.-Could play over and over again-You get MORE than enough for your moneyCons:-The 3D models mouths aren't the best in the cinematic scences, but it is not even clsoe to unbearable.-The Puzzels are challenging for those that aren't the brightest caryon in the box (It's okay im not bright either XD)Overall Review:9.3/10Probably one of my favorite games. It is worth playing!!!"
76561198014524417,Recommended,311240,25121514,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,jonibaloney,"9/10 Would get infected with Radical-6 again.Overall, great! I liked the first two better, but ZTD wraps up the series quite nicely. Make sure you play the first 2 games...otherwise you won't understand how EVERYTHING ties together and how impactful it is."
,Recommended,311240,23968425,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,rufure,"Update: just a general warning, this is the sequel in a trilogy(? i dont know about this because i've heard rumors already about a fourth game considering not EVERYTHING is tied up, specifically things from VLR, but w/e), so  it's recommended that you look up, or play a port/emulation of 9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors, and Virtues Last Reward before playing this. However, it is not necessary, but it will clear a lot of things about the story that don't make sense or are a tad confusing.game has choices that actually matter or affect the story/provide additional cutscenes unlike most game's i've played5 or 6 endings, all of which contribute to the true ending with the whole idea ofSHIFTing and morphogenetic fields, which also provides a meta-version of going back to where you last started and doing another endingone twist i definitely didn't see coming was the whole idea ofpossibly the player being delta, especially the choice of who to shoot and typing in DELTA, that was kinda funnykeep in mind that this isn't the typical shoot em up or rpg or whatever, it's heavily based off of those old escape-the-room games on flash sites, with choose-your-own adventure books in the mix with a theme similar to SAW.soundtrack's pretty great, though i bought the game before july 8th so i don't know why i haven't gotten the DLC for the OSTMy only complaint was the whole idea of RNG, but even then that's not that bad, just requires a lot of luck or trial and error.All in all, if you like goosebumps or those choose your own story books and puzzle games and aren't squicky at all, go for itotherwise either look up a playthrough or something else idkedit:WHERE'S KYLE"
76561197960442490,Recommended,311240,25131559,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Mr Jun,"Personally, I would rank Zero Time Dilemma the second best of the Zero Escape trilogy, with the original 999 being my absolute favourite visual novel.It's got some great moments sprinkled here and there but the big elephant in the room is that the animation is very stiff, and at times, breaks the immersion during some key moments. There are also some story elements that feel forced, for example: introducing a certain entity to the story so that a certain technology's existence make sense, but never expanding upon this entity, what it is, etc...""it's just there"".Despite its flaws I thorougly enjoyed this game due to its open narrative style and clever puzzles."
,Recommended,311240,25138505,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,AndySR,"If you expect this to be like the previous games, don't. You will enjoy it much more. I'm not talking so much about the quality of the game (which is pretty good all things considered) but how it fares versus them. I had high expectations and it failed me. And I'm 100% sure I'd enjoy it a lot more should I hadn't those expectations. Diving deeper the cutscenes don't work as well as the text driven novel sections from the previous games. Animation is hella janky. The little chatting between characters can still be humorous at parts but it's not that memorable when it isn't. Unlike, again, previous installments. Puzzles are weaker but are still solid. So, TL;DR+ ProsFun puzzlesInteresting StoryUnique Gameplay- ConsQuite a disapointmentJanky animations on cutscenes takes out a lot of the imersion"
,Recommended,311240,25175144,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Tengaryen Dovahkiin,Not bad.80/100-5 control-5 redundant dialogue-10 plot
,Recommended,311240,30849953,Posted: 31 March,all,Evja,One of the best games to play if you're into exploration VNs.Best played after 999 and Virtue's Last Reward.
76561198206761121,Recommended,311240,25226802,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Ierika,"This is the third game in the Zero Escape series. You can play this game by itself BUT be warned, it will completely spoil the previous two games in the series if you haven't played it yet. I highly, highly recommend playing those ones first (999 and VLR) to fully understand the story and who the characters are. I honestly wish I could erase my memories and be able to replay the whole series again from the beginning so do yourself a favour and start with 999 first then VLR and then this game. It will be one hell of a rollercoaster ride.With regards to Zero Time Dilemma itself, I definitely enjoyed it. I don't want to spoil anything but you can expect the usual life and death story plot mind♥♥♥♥ery that the zero escape series always gives you. Prepare to get your mind blown."
,Recommended,311240,25883271,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,scottsaw,One of the best games I've ever played
76561198118736505,Recommended,311240,26021354,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Dicleon,"Loved the first one,Adored the second.Like the thirdIt's pretty good, but i have to admit that the second one left more of an impression. And the first one where you discover everything had it going but in the third, anything can happen, like anything, sure i didn't see it coming, but in the end i am not that mindblowed by well, the ending. It's good, serviceable but it lacks a strong, choking moment to really last in my mind, like the alice or the submarine ending of the first... It's good but the 3d didn't had much going for it because of how simple it looked, cranky animation, funny sound effect (i mean the sound for crouching, sitting or touching the ground is the same as when a dead body hit the floor,  not really the same thing) It's a good game but i will think of it more as a passage to a different style of zero escape that with time will get their strengh back. Of course if you did the first to it's an obliged passage."
,Recommended,311240,25026492,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Spidren,"A fitting end.Would recommend for those who enjoyed the previous two games, this isn't really for those who aren't used to the not-serious but very dark story.Playing or not is entirely your decision."
76561198106623876,Recommended,311240,25065153,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Axenator,"Even though it isn't as good as the other games of the series, Zero time dilemma offers great puzzles, multiple pads and awesome characters.However, if you want to fully understand the story you must play Virtue's Last Reward (3DS and Vita) and 999 (DS), otherwise there will be some ""what just happened?"" ""what are they talking about?"" ""Why is that thing happening?"" moments."
76561197979168545,Recommended,311240,25070000,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Mage McCloud,"After finishing Virtue's Last Reward, one may start to question whether or not the writers could ever conclude or even make every moving piece work. For the first 5 hours, i was skeptical. But then, of course, they throw a curve ball and when it all starts to click and piece itself together it becomes one of the most ellaborate puzzles I've seen in storytelling.I you've played 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, hurry up and buy this glorious continuation!!! If you haven't, hurry up and catch up. Ask friends if they own it, amazon them, or wait for their eventual release on steam. This is a series not worth missing.***SPOILERS***Here's to the future of Zero Escape, wherever it's future lies!!"
,Recommended,311240,30844576,Posted: 30 March,all,Keyaotic,"Before you buy this game, play the Zero Escape: The Nonary Games first. Everything from this pack ties into Zero Time Dilemma. If you do skip these 2 games, this game wont really make sense and the true enjoyment of this game can never be reached. 10/10 one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,311240,26484512,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,vougz,"If you like escape rooms with a sense of actual danger, this game is the game for you. However, one of the greatest parts of this game is the story, and how it tries to continue the 2 games before it. Without spoiling anything, I must say that the game had a less satisfying explanation, and so I would highly recommend playing the other games in addition to this game, especially since they were announced for steam.There are a few graphical flaws, and each character's mouth do not follow sicne they were animated for the japanese voices, but overall it is a solid game with a pretty good soundtrack."
,Recommended,311240,26433676,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,orochi2k,"In some histories, you don't have the game.In some histories, you don't have time.In some histories, you don't have any ideas to solve puzzles.Life is simply unfair. Don't you think?"
,Recommended,311240,26405958,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Lobsters,"A great game, with genuinely challenging Escape The Room puzzles, but not so frustrating or boring that you go digging for the walkthroughs just to get it over with. Even without having played the first 2 games in the series, I was able to reALLY enjoy this game. & even though I was whispering baffled ""what the ♥♥♥♥""s and ""are you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me""s throughout some of the it, it WAS a R E A L L Y GOOD play.Learned of a lot of statistical and probability based conundrums, and it definitely handled existential ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttery better than a few other games haveThe models are a little ugly though, and the lip synching is nonexistant, and the voice acting isn't stellar but it's not enough to really ruin anything.i deleted it from my computer the second i beat the entire thing, and i've never felt more freeI think i'm gonna go burn all my Back to the Future dvds now"
76561198173981665,Recommended,311240,26378226,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,White Glint,"Story is very interesting so farPuzzles are smart and fun (Though a little bit too tricky for my dumb brain)The only thing to be wary of in my opinion:I know the game was originally released on 3DS and Vita, but I can't help but mention theterrible animation and lip syncing. Even with Japanese V.O. it's bad."
,Recommended,311240,26498849,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Syrak,A good Sci-fi visual novel mixed with some escape room puzzling.  I'd recommend you play 999 and Virtue's Last Reward first so that the mind bending sci-fi leaps will make (slightly) more sense.+ Good story and characters+ Both English and Japanese voice tracks- Bad animations.
76561198085744382,Recommended,311240,26492308,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,SNValadez,"This is a no spoiler review:Pretty interesting game. The puzzles are hard as hell but really make you think and there's so many endings it's difficult to keep track. I've played the previous two games and have to say this one is my least favorite.But to those of you who are brand-new to the series and want to play this one first-- don't.I'm serious. You will miss out on so many key hints and tossbacks it would be blasphemous, like playing Bioshock Infinite without playing the first game (you can actually just skip the second) and you would be doing yourself and this series a great disservice. Trust me, the PC version of the first two games are coming to Steam next year but if you really can't wait then you should at least watch some playthroughs on YouTube to get the full experience.I have to say Zero Time Dilemma (the third game of the series) ties up the story pretty nicely. It's not like so many other series that never got a third installment (talking to you, Valve) and there's some real mind-♥♥♥♥ moments in here. Don't get me wrong, it's still a great game and it really had me guessing the whole time on how the hell any of it was going to relate but it just didn't have...I guess you could say ""flair"".I say that because the first game was so uniquely amazing that they had to make a sequel and the second game was so colorful and fast-paced that I felt really slowed down and bored coming to the third game. Have you seen the cover art of the second game? You should look at it and compare it to the rusted, watered-down look of this game's cover.Also, the character's designs are a lot more intersting in the second game and I expected the interest and ""flair"" to come back much the same but it didn't. This a good game but man are the character designs boring.And the gameplay wasn't bumped up either. That's what was so great about Virtue's Last Reward (the second game). It took what made the first game great and made it brighter and wilder (if not better) and really hooked me.Zero Time Dilemma is just lacking individuality and does a similar thing of the second game by jumping fragments but in a much blander, more drawn-out way that had me sighing.I really wish this game had something more to add to the series than just drawing on the other two and making it bleh.Yeah, that's what this game is. It's good but it's bleh (compared to the other two).Just...bleh."
,Recommended,311240,26461768,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dj =D,"An excellent end to a great series. I can't say anything about the story without dropping spoilers, but still: Play The Nonary Games first when they release or you won't understand any of this!http://store.steampowered.com/app/477740/The animations are crappy, some of the puzzles are easy, and I can see why the ending has left a few people irritated (Read the cinema files after the end and you'll get a little extra to it). But that doesn't stop this from being an excellent game, and a worthy conclusion to the Zero Escape franchise."
,Recommended,311240,26399287,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Mordain607,"Love this thing. Kind of the most brilliant stupid game I've ever played. If you liked 999 and VLR, you'll love this... don't play this first though!"
76561198023679292,Recommended,311240,26401729,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,viredae,"Let me get right down to the point, if you've played the previous games and liked them, there's a 90% chance that you'll want to play this one and that you won't regret the purchase.The other 10% will not like this game because it does not make the same design choices the earlier one made, such as this game being a 3D game instead of a 2D one.However, I cannot think of a single design flaw that isn't ultimately superficial, the game still has the same gameplay as the previous ones, the characters are still likeable, and the story is still as well written and fleshed out as the previous installments.However, if you haven't played the previous installments, I reccomend you wait until Q1 2017 and play those first, you can set a timer on steam to tell you when it's released."
,Recommended,311240,26836974,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mophie,"10/10 would cry and die in horrendous ways again.(Please wait for the Nonary Games to come out before playing this first. They contain the remastered 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, games I'd highly recommend you play first to understand everything, as this is heavily story driven)"
,Recommended,311240,26625487,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,FreezeWarp,"The game, in a nutshell: are we even really alive?It makes you think, certainly, and may cause the occasional existential crisis, but it's bloody brilliant, and more than worth the admission price of your happiness. (I'm not trying to be cute; it's a very, very depressing experience.)In terms of graphical fidelity, ZTD is an improvement over VLR (which you really should play to get the most out of it), but the lipsync (regardlesss of language) is... sort-of missing, resulting in the occasional uncanny valley.Meanwhile, the puzzles are great, the Japanese voice acting is solid (...the English... is okay), and the inventive plot structure is really intriguing.Bottom line: play Virtue's Last Reward if you haven't yet (it'll be coming to Steam soon, thankfully), and then play this. It's worth it."
,Recommended,311240,26640018,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,12erStahlbohrer,"Negative:- Terrible user interface throughout the whole game- Characters are basically not animated at all and some of them not authentic either- Voice acting partly clumsyPositive:+ Interesting idea of story ""fragments""+ Nice story+ Classical and modern philosophic questions, principles and ideas well implemented in the game"
,Recommended,311240,26023169,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,curiouschar,"As someone who has played both 999 and VLR, enjoyed both (and preferred VLR), I love ZTD. I recommend this game if you like puzzles, dark themes, scientific/mathematical/psychological theories, and above all, time travel. As others have mentioned, if you are interested in playing this game without having played the first two, I think they definitely should be played (or watched via Let's Play) first.ZTD provides what I think is a fitting conclusion to the series. Sure, it could have used another hour or two of gameplay and cutscenes, but there clearly were budget and, well, time restraints.  This is the most flawed of the 3 games, but it is still head and shoulders above many other games I have played. ZTD made me laugh, cry, and think. It has what I think are some of the best moments in the series, and it justifies the 3D graphics, much like how the previous two games utilize their 3DS/VN mechanics in interesting ways.There's a lot of detail put into this game that I didn't realize until re-playing and checking out trivia. Overall, despite the shortcomings, there are many things I love about this game: cast, writing, VA, music, the fragment system, humor, puzzles, decisions, emotional moments, etc. While I think 999 has the best climax and art design and VLR has the best plot twists and dialogue, ZTD has, in my opinion, the best emotional moments and atmosphere.In terms of my enjoyment and investment, I'd rank the game as VLR > ZTD >>>> 999."
11223344556677889,Recommended,311240,26814603,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pizzamaster,"An amazing conclusion, to am amazing series."
,Recommended,311240,26956247,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vampy,"I would first confess that I think the quality decreased since the second game.HOWEVER, I found this to be a satisfying conclusion to the series and the time I spent playing makes the price seem fair. 7/10."
,Recommended,311240,25830341,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Devlac,Play 999 and Virtue's Last Reward first for best experience. Love the game series.
76561198160957195,Recommended,311240,27474152,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shoutcaster Bob,Amazing.
76561198046968772,Recommended,311240,27475350,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mrmonkey91,Great game with some amazing plot twists
76561198028079074,Recommended,311240,24027636,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DomiXM,"If you haven't played Zero Escape game before do NOT start with this one. Believe me, playing this game after you beat 999 and VLR will give so much fun that it's incredible, it's some sort of verbal fanservice.So about the game:-soundtrack is basically some of old tracks + some new tracks, so if you liked it before it should stay most likely the same-graphics I would say are OK, it's not even close to level of big AAA titles but who the hell paly this game for graphics? You are playing it for the story which is...-story is perfect, as always multiple endings, scientific explanations of what the hell is happening, biggest plot twists of the series and answers for questions that VLR left behind-great characters (what you should already know if you played previous games) and the best Zero (in my opinion)The biggest downside is probably lenght of the game, it's about 999's lenght so it's shorter than VLR."
76561198039566028,Recommended,311240,24425739,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,MIKEBALLBAG,"WOW! Where do i start with this amazing piece of storyline. Take pieces from the movies Saw, Back to the Future 2 and the Butterfly Effect and throw it all into a blender. Once they have mixed perfectly you end up with this fantastic story which will have you jumping between different timelines when ever you please. Things that happen within one line will be needed within another to unlock a certain goal. I havent played the original 2 games but this did not stop me jumping straight into this, as the story from the original 2 will be revealed within the plot line of this game. I would say to probably have a quick look up on Youtube the back story as it can be a little overwhelimg at first, especially if you have never heard of this franchise. The game is more like a movie with certain areas where you have to make a decision on which route you will follow down next, but you at any moment you can just jump back to that moment and carry on with the other route.Overall this is a really amazing and well scripted piece of art that any science fiction fans should pick up.*10/10"
76561197971793269,Recommended,311240,24823029,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Paranoid,I highly recommend this game. I literally could not stop playing it. I hope they make another one like it.
,Recommended,311240,24541962,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,test0r,"A great conclusion to the story, fantastic twists and really good writing in general saves this game.Everything that was created for this game specifically seems cheap, the models are bad, the animation is bad, I can't remember any of the music. The only thing that was made for this game that holds up is the story and writing.It's a shame it went out like this but at the same time I am infintely relieved that this game was made at all.If you have played the previous entries then this is a must buy and you most likely do not need any convincing and have probably already finished this.If you have not played the previous entires then drop whatever you are doing, get a hold of 999 and Virtue's Last Reward and play them and then, and only then, should you buy this and play it. They are apparently coming out on Steam in the near future so it might be worth waiting for that to happen."
,Recommended,311240,24798498,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Bees 4 your girl,Puzzles are average but fun. Mostly worth it for the story. You should play 999 and VLR before playing this game.
76561198300151032,Recommended,311240,24771729,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,The_Bandit,"Chances are, if you're looking at buying this game, then you have already been part of this cult following since the first or second game. If however, you are new to the series, I strongly suggest playing through the seond title, Virtues Last Reward before playing this game. (The first game in the series really doesnt have much bearing, except for two characters, but even then it doesnt mean much).Coming from my own personal experience with the previous two titles in the series, I would say that the puzzles are a little less difficult than Virtues Last Reward, and though certain story beats really had me invested while i tried to piece together the narrative, the ending was very lackluster considering this game is supposed to wrap up the series. Animations and voice acting are as cringy as the trailer shows, but it makes up for it with thoughtful dialogue.I have been eagerly anticipating this game for over three years and even supported Project Bluebird (petition to make publishers fund Zero Time Dilemma), so despite minor gripes about the game, I'm so glad I found this series and stuck with it to the end. It will probably never get the recogniton it derserves, but it's a gem for sure."
,Recommended,311240,24855001,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Vivelin,"This game is utterly confusing, but you should give it a chance. Then, when you finally think you understand what's going on, it gets even more insane. The plot twists have plot twists.While there is little actual 'gameplay', this game also does not feel like a visual novel. I have not played any of the previous games so there were a couple of times I felt like I missed some backstory, but altogether it was a game I would definitely recommend playing and completing.P.S.Eric will never stop being a complete and utter retard."
,Recommended,311240,24059648,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,WC,"An amazing game from start to finish.  I loved every minute of it.  If you're a fan of world-based puzzles games (like Myst, ""room escape"", etc) then this is definitely a good pick.  It has a strong visual novel component to it, and it heavily builds on previous games in the series.  I recommend playing them first to get the most of the experience."
,Recommended,311240,24100460,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Snow,"First off, don't play this if you haven't played the first two games. 999 and Virtue's Last Reward. This is the third game in the Zero Escape series. Luckily, the first two should also be coming to steam.If you have played them, then why are you hesitating to play the third game? The conclusion to the trilogy. Surely you must be dying to know what happens next."
76561198014027251,Recommended,311240,24075422,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,crazy_mofo213,"Zero Time Dilemma is a great finale to the series. It has everything you have come to expect from the series; a diverse cast of characters, philosophical and supernatural themes, a heavy atmoshpere, puzzles, and of course, A LOT of plot twists/sudden revelations. However, the game has one major change in the way that the sections between puzzles are presented. The old visual novel presentation with a plethora of text is now gone, replaced with fully voiced cutscenes. The change is a nice one, but the animations are stiff and choppy. The animations can be distracting, but you can't really blame the small team that developed a game which initially wasn't meant to exist due to a lack of funds. There is also dual audio so that was a nice addition.All that said, the game is best experienced after having played 999 and Virtue's Last Reward. There are a couple of references to older games which enchances the plot and gives you more insight to a few of the characters. Wether you decide to play the older games or jump right into this one, you'll be in for a wild ride."
,Recommended,311240,24070152,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SADMAN570,A very accurate and fun child murder simulator. Guaranteed to make you better at memorizing 8-digit codes.
,Recommended,311240,24070876,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Tequila Joe,"The finale is here, and it did not disappoint. Not often do I come across a game that makes me say ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; out loud, multiple times.Mr. Kotaro Uchikoshi continues to impress and delight/horrify with more engaging puzzles, convoluted plot, mindbending conspiracies, and unfortunate death and dismemberment with his final entry to the Zero Escape series. While similar to the others in style and concept, Zero Time Dilemma still carries enough uniqueness to make it as enjoyable as the others. Overall, I feel that ZTD is an improvement over the previous title, VLR, with better animations, better character designs and dialogue, better audio/soundtracks, and a true ending that isn't full of plot holes.I have a couple minor complaints. ZTD felt like it was a tiny bit shorter then the previous titles, with 7 endings instead of 9, and fewer, easier puzzles, lacking a challenging endgame puzzle. I'm also a bit sad that the gripping, vivid descriptions of 999 were replaced with cheesy 3D animation in VLR and ZTD. For that reason, 999, the first game, will always be my favorite in the series. But these small issues are overshadowed by greatness in other fields.I also want to say that Spike Chunsoft porting their games to PC has been the greatest thing since, well, ever. And now I get to play one of my favorite series without having to resort to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ handhelds or obtuse emulators."
76561198035416935,Recommended,311240,24071403,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Erronith,"Long story short: If you've played 999 and VLR, you will want to and should play this one too.If you haven't played those two, don't play this one.  It is NOT newcomer friendly.Play 999, then decide if this is the series for you.---Actual review: this game was pretty hype.  The animation was♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to the art in 999, but superior to VLR.The story was definitely intriguing and had me going, but had a weak ending in terms of answering questions.The puzzles were pretty standard compared to the other two, but the decisions overall felt a little less weighty than I would hope."
,Recommended,311240,24074137,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Moskeeto,"This has got to be the best example of a story that can only be done in the videogame medium. I was already a fan of this series after having played 999, but I had not yet played the second game in the series (Virtue's Last Reward) due to not owning a 3DS. However, that didn't stop me from picking up this game and enjoying the best story driven game ever. Seriously, this tops any of Telltale's work. Plus, this actually has actual gameplay and impactful choices.Though I do highly recommend this game, I wouldn't suggest playing it before playing 999 and even VLR because it completely spoils the plots and twists of both those games. However, this game stands very well on its own. It has got to be the best representation of the multiverse ""theory"". Everything ties together so well and it's an amazing experience to watch all the mysteries unfold. There's never a point in the story that doesn't leave you scratching your head trying to figure everything out. Anyway, I'm just rambling now.Pros:-Fantastic story with amazing writing. Many, many twists to keep up with.-Gameplay that's actually fun and doesn't feel tacked on. The escape the room puzzles can be as mindbending as the story itself.-A story-driven game that's actually long and not divided into short 2-hour episodes.Cons:-Bad, stiff animations, but they can easily be overlooked as you immerse yourself in the story.-Some of the English voice acting can be subpar. If that's an issue for you, I suggest playing in Japanese with subtitles.-One of the puzzles doesn't understand how American plugs and outlets work (it wouldn't let me plug a 2-prong plug into a 3-prong outlet without an adapter)"
76561198024987628,Recommended,311240,24069273,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Yfi,"Spoiler-free fan reviewI have played the previous two games in this series, 999 and VLR, on the DS and 3DS respectively. I have been anticipating escaping rooms and choosing my fate in this installment for quite some time, so I have my bias. A mix of Steins;Gate's time travel drama and Danganronpa's bloody intergroup conflict, this story's fragmented plot may seem challenging or daunting for some, but immensely rewarding for those who enjoy puzzles and solving mysteries.An absolute must for followers of the series, as this is another hit from the Zero Escape staff. Newcomers should look to experiencing 999 and VLR if possible before diving into this one, as the story involves all three games heavily, and can be confusing for those not familar with the series concepts.Pros:-1080p version of what you would be playing on a handheld screen otherwise, good to recognize the devs for making a PC port.-same mind trip experience you've come to expect from the series-excellent OSTCons:-unlike in VLR (the second game), where you could get by without playing the first game, ZTD pretty much requires you to be familiar with the first two games to get the best enjoyment out of it. Either play 999 and VLR first or watch someone LP it-an audio glitch where the music will sometimes stop playing during cutscenes sometimes happens, taking you out of sad/tense moments-it can be frustratingly difficult to figure out where you're supposed to go in the flowchart next when you've exhausted your visible options. Some clearer directions would have been appreciated.Mors certa, hora incerta"
76561198059321573,Recommended,311240,24065528,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,NullFinger,"This game is like Mass Effect 3. It's an amazing game, but its prequels were so good that they make this game almost disappointing. Nevertheless, it's worth your money.Zero Escape 1, AKA 999: 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors, was a masterpiece. Its story is one of the best in video gaming history. It was clever, suspenseful, and full of mysteries and twists. If you like mysteries, you gotta get 999 if you can. It's available on DS right now (iOS too, but we don't talk about the iOS version. Don't get the iOS version), and it should be coming to Steam soon. Zero Escape 2, AKA Virtue's Last Reward, was also a masterpiece. It gave us another equally brilliant plot on top of good quality of life changes like a flowchart that you can use to jump to any part of the story you've seen, skipping the stuff you've already read. It's available on 3DS and Vita, and should be coming to Steam after 999 does.These two games set a very high standard for Zero Escape 3, Zero Time Dilemma, to uphold. And just like Mass Effect 3, it was doing very good at first. I was almost ready to call it my favorite Zero Escape game. Its story was great so far and it held my attention. Its puzzles were already much better than those of the previous Zero Escape games, being more creative and challenging. But then it Mass Effect 3ed.For those who don't remember, Mass Effect 3's ending was atrocious. Zero Time Dilemma's final act was silimar. The ending itself was good, but it left many unanswered questions. Many of them were from 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, and I guess I'm OK with them not elaborating on details of previous Zero Escape games to avoid confusing newcomers, but some of them came from Zero Time Dilemma itself. My guess is that they ran out of money; it's pretty obvious they were short on money given the poor graphics/animations. I suppose we'll have to wait for a Q&A to hear the answer to our questions.Ultimately, Zero Time Dilemma's incomplete ending prevented it from being as great as 999 and Virtue's Last Reward. As they say though, it's the journey that matters and not the end, and Zero Time Dilemma had an amazing ""journey"" just like Mass Effect 3. For this reason, I still loved Zero Time Dilemma. If you're a Zero Escape fan, I think you'll end up loving it too. If you're not a Zero Escape fan, you should pick up 999 on the DS if you have one or on Steam when it comes out. You could jump straight into Zero Time Dilemma, but a lot of the game's twists are better if you've played 999 and Virtue's Last Reward. Once you've played through 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, I would say that this game is definitely worth playing.TL;DR: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,311240,24056479,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Brenobosen,"There are some graphical issues (Akane's ponytail and Zero's cravat flailing around in some scenes and many other minor problems), and personally I think the drama and tension in the rightmost branch is a little bit forced. Also, without going into too much detail, I don't like how some things at the end of the story played out.Overall though, this game is a nice way to end off a series. Definitely a must buy, and from what I've heard, the PC version is superior to the 3DS and Vita versions.9/10"
,Recommended,311240,24066268,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,x²,SeemsGood
76561198169671456,Recommended,311240,24010075,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Volture,"With it's solid puzzles, wonderful characters, fantastic storytelling and kickass music, this is honestly the most fun i've had with a game in a very, very long while. I salute you Uchikoshi."
76561198021662625,Recommended,311240,24043550,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mcorem,"Maybe not as great as the previous 2 games in the series, but a great experience nevertheless."
,Recommended,311240,24037335,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Miral,"An unbelievably satisfying game.  The fragments allow you to piece the story together in the order you choose, but without compromising the in-world character knowledge due to the in-game setup.The twist at the end (there is always a twist at the end when you discover Zero's true identity) is simply amazing and has to be experienced first-hand -- try to avoid spoiling yourself before playing.  But once you know, it's also interesting to go back and play through some earlier parts of the game (or watch an LP) to see how you interpret things differently when you know the secret.  On the other hand, it's also important not to rush to the end -- it will lose most of its impact if you're not paying close attention to the journey as well.The puzzles are a bit more linear and perhaps a bit more simplistic than some of the previous games, but I don't think that's a bad thing in this case.  Most rooms have just enough to be interesting but not so much that they become a drag, and while you do have to replay some sequences to get all the way through the story, the flowchart system allows you to quickly jump to where you need to be and skip right to the part you're most interested in, so it's never a problem.As far as port quality goes, it's decent.  I had no issues on my modest rig (steady 60 FPS at 1080p borderless).  The textures are a little lower quality than some would like, and the animation (especially facial animation) is almost comically bad, but it's easy to get over that and enjoy the excellent voice work and story.  The game is 100% mouse control (there's little to no use of the keyboard, even in places that might have benefited from it); or you can use a controller if you're that way inclined -- but a mouse is a better fit in my opinion.This is one of those rare games that gripped me quick and wouldn't let go -- I didn't quite manage to play it in a single session, but not for lack of trying (work and sleep can be inconvenient sometimes).  The urge to find out what happens next can be quite overpowering.If you're a fan of the previous games, definitely buy this one.  If you're new to the series (but like character driven stories with puzzles and horror themes), then buy this one anyway (and buy it now -- the devs deserve your money) but hold off on playing it until you've managed to play or at least watch a good LP of the previous games.  It's been teased that 999 will be coming to Steam soon, but it's VLR that is really essential to play first, as this game is basically a direct sequel to VLR, albeit set closer to the time of 999."
76561198035339548,Recommended,311240,24035987,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Elsen,"""You're the one who killed me first!"""
76561197970550897,Recommended,311240,24040729,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kyle,"Before playing this game, It is advisable to play or watch both previous Zero Escape titles.I thought that ZTD was a great game. Not perfect, but certainly better than average and worth playing. The best way I can rate it is by comparing it to its prequel, Virtue's Last Reward.On the plus side, ZTD completely drops text narration. In my opinion, this is better than being half of a Visual Novel like VLR, because once you voice the dialogue you are left with perfunctory narration that simply describes routine actions. Seeing those actions animated gives you more time to see the story and character development and less time reading about someone reaching into their pocket or furrowing their brow. ZTD only reverts to text conversations during puzzle rooms, where you wouldn't want to wait for the VO lines anyway. Alsoblessedlyabsent are VLR's constant shoehorned bad attempts at wordplay (""jellyfast"", ""hoption""). Characters joke with each other occasionally but the jokes are never really awkward.It's also nice to have static teams who have a general interest in working together. VLR's characters felt unrealistic because of how willing they were to directly cause the deaths of most or all the other players. This is a big step up from that. There's also a lot more violent imagery and on-screen deaths which allows the characters to show how devastated they are by the consequences of their actions.Puzzles are logical and satisfying to solve, for the most part. There's good variety between math, object hunting, and experimentation. Rather than having an explicit ""Easy"" setting, characters will gradually comment on the puzzle if you continue to exit the puzzle and re-enter; you can click through these conversations without reading if you adamantly do not want hints. There were no puzzles where the English localization caused problems.On the flip side, the story—while it has twists that I REALLY enjoyed—doesn't end on a perfect note. A few things set up in this game and in VLR are left unresolved; I had hoped for a fantastic ending and got one that was merely good.The character models and animations are not that great. Diana's skirt in particular looks bad whenever she's not standing up. Some of the running animations look like a first-year student's homework. The mouth animations aren't detailed enough to accurately match their speech. It looks like it was rushed, but it's probably also the result of the game needing to run on two handheld consoles. A PC game that is basically nothing but cutscenes (not that I'm calling that a bad concept for a game, obviously) ought to at least look comparable to other PC games at the same price point. It goes without saying that ZTD does not.But in the end, it doesn't have to look amazing to do what it is trying to do: bring you back to the Zero Escape world to let you solve the puzzles and see the story. If you want to unravel a crazy plot of crisscrossing timelines while occasionally stopping for a clever puzzle, you are not likely to be disappointed."
,Recommended,311240,24041756,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Astarall,"*Warning* Do yourself a favor, play 999 and VLR before playing this. The relationships between the characters are super important to fully enjoy the game.Everything I wanted it to be. I thought the ending was disappointing, until someone told me there were postgame files to give some more character development. If you played the previous installments, you don't really need me to tell you that this is a dream come true; you know it is. If you haven't played the others, please, do yourself a favor. The puzzles are fun, challenging, and the story is superb. A lovely end to the trilogy."
,Recommended,311240,24041924,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Solid Squall,10/10 Would blow my mind again.
,Recommended,311240,24016946,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Juni,Awesome puzzles with a fantastic story that answers the mysteries of 999 and VLR.
,Recommended,311240,24028319,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ruei,my soul have left my body. this is some good stuff. be sure to keep a pen and paper with you at all times because not only will a lot of the puzzles require it but almost all of the important storyline things will be necessary to remember (or written down).
76561198016196694,Recommended,311240,24026678,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Vortex,"Before you read this review, I'm going to point out that if you have not played '999: 9 hours, 9 persons, 9 doors' and 'Zero Escape: Virtues Last Reward' that you should go do so before you consider purchasing and playing this game. If you can't purchase and play those first two games in this trilogy, then do the next best thing and watch a playthrough on youtube for them both. All three games are excellent and totally worth checking out. And much like you wouldn't start by first reading the third book in a trilogy, you should not play this game until you have experienced the first two. Trust me, you'll thank me later.Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma is the final part of the Zero Escape trilogy. The theme of the 3 games is very similar: 9 trapped individuals are forced to take part in a dark and brutal game which makes these participants question just how badly they want to escape and how much they're willing to sacrifice of themselves and others to do so.In Zero Time Dilemma, 9 participants are sealed inside a bomb shelter and forced to play what is known as the Decision Game, in which the players are forced to make difficult choices that - in a lot of cases - have severe consequences, including death. Unfortunately, the 9 participants of this game are told that in order to escape, 6 of the 9 participants will need to die in order to open the X-door which leads to freedom.The game is divided into 3 different parts: Cinematics, escape rooms, and decisions. In the cinematics - which comprise a large part of this story-driven game - the story unfolds as the various characters interact with each other and occasionally reveal some of their past. In the escape rooms, you as the player must check the room for useful items, solve puzzles, and figure a way to get out. And in the decision sequences, you as the player are forced to make an impactful choice that will lead the story in one direction or another.The beauty of this game is that the story has multiple paths and multiple timelines thanks to all the choices you can make. For example, choosing to kill off 3 of the 9 participants will result in a completely different timeline than the one where all 9 participants are alive. Some of these choices can lead to a prompt GAME OVER screen, but others will lead to very interesting plot developments. Thanks to the structure of the story and the players ability to choose which route to take and which section to play, the games story comes together like a beautiful jigsaw puzzle. Some parts might be quite confusing until a different part of the story is played, but when the pieces snap together in your mind it's certainly a euphoric ""Ohhhh!"" feeling.Without revealing too much, the game stays true to the rest of the Zero Escape series and delivers some great twists along the way. Once the story gets going, it's a tough game to put down. And then even after it's over, it's likely to stick in your mind for a good long while.Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma is an incredibly exciting and compelling game to play, and one that does the series proud. If you love amazing stories, you owe it to yourself to first check out the first two games in this series, and ONLY THEN play Zero Time Dilemma."
,Recommended,311240,24029968,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,imsecretlyalien,"This game tore me up.The story is incredible, with so many little references to 999 and VLR (along with some huge ones that would spoil both if you hadn't played them before). Definitely play both 999 and VLR before this one, so you get to gasp in horror three times instead of just once here. But the plot twists in this story alone caused my jaw to hit the ground more than once.The graphics are a little bit average (hair glitches all over the place, no joke) but the voice acting is pretty good, and successfully conveys all the emotion of the characters in their moment. Speaking of the characters, in true Uchikoshi style, all of them are real (so to speak) and I love all of them to bits, flaws and all.Also, be prepared that to get all of the good endings you'll have to go through many, many bad endings with many, many deaths. The horror tags are no joke, this ish is gory as heck. As the characters are so wonderful, getting all the endings will probably cause you great emotional pain. Be prepared for that.tl:dr Incredible story with some glitchy graphics, but the characters in the story more than make up for any technical difficulties. 9.8/10also DO NOT DISRESPECT THE FUNYARINPA"
,Recommended,311240,24029984,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Luk,"Played the 3DS version, bought it again on Steam. Loved it, but I heavily recommend playing 999 and Virtue's Last Reward first."
,Recommended,311240,24001506,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Yukimura Sanada,"Just completed the game moments ago. This shall be short.Thoughts: IT IS A DAMN MASTERPIECEShould you play it, YES YOU SHOULD ( only if you played 999 and VLR and remember the details about them)10/10 game, 100/100 game, 100% out of 100% game whatever you want to call it. Was well worth the money that I spend on it."
,Recommended,311240,24006775,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MadOne,"Amazing conclusion to the Zero Escape trilogy, definitely pick this up if you have played the previous two, or are looking for a mind bending dark story."
,Recommended,311240,24001833,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,kudewangzlat,"very very very good game.It is my first time to write comment about a game. You very definitely enjoy this game if you like mystery stories and puzzle games.Nice story and nice music. The memory jump system is very good. You do not need to save a lot and feel free to make hard decisons in the game.Although the models are not perfect, they will not disturb you when you play the game.Nice small games and I really enjoy working our all the puzzle.One of my favorite game of this year.And I highly recommend you guys to play previous games. They will help understand the whole story.BTW, I think Akane is much more beautiful in Zero Escape 1."
,Recommended,311240,24002855,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,poopdude69,"Good♥♥♥♥♥♥  Story is a great conclusion, the puzzles were a tad too easy aside from one.  Worth purchasing if you've played and enjoyed the other games.  Still worth purchasing if you haven't, but go play those first."
,Recommended,311240,23993160,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dimensional13,"I've played through this etire Game during the last 2 days and I absolutely loved it. I am a long-time fan of the series and, even though Virtue's Last Reward is still my favourite because it has a lot more emotional punch to it, I think this game also does a great job at delivering good storytelling.I only had some gripes with the ending and some minor things like playtime (This game is much shorter than the other games!). I am not gonna spoil what happens, but it ends very... suddenly. And not everything that was brought up in the previous games was wrapped up in this. There are some threads that were left hanging. Maybe, just maybe, there'll be a spinoff where those threads wrap up (because ZTD was stated to be the last in the series), but I digress.Basically what I am saying is, this is a good game alright and if you like the series, go play it."
76561198006437727,Recommended,311240,23990480,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fana the Wanderer,GOOD !
,Recommended,311240,23990661,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Grim8080,"It's a great game with a nice plot. Had it's share of shocking revelations too tbh. Pretty good for a game that was almost never in the first place.Got the first ending in 5 minutes. Also tried to accuse a dog of beheading someone and stuffing their head in a freezer. Amazing 10/10It also has pretty stiff animations though and the game is pretty short, so those are some downsides. Most puzzles were easy, others started simple only needing to use a guide later on. (I lowkey wanna burn that roulette table)"
,Recommended,311240,23996859,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Chrono,"Best Movie game ever sums this game up pretty well story wise anywayRecommend playing 9 hours 9 persons 9 doors, and virtues last reward before playing this game but you dont have to play them. But it makes the game a LOT more enjoyable with thembe warned the animation and character movements are not great. but to be fair they had a small team and the game was made on fan support alone so they did very well for what they had"
76561197984132006,Recommended,311240,24188749,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TenaciousBeet,It's a mastapiece 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,311240,24200935,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,MakotoRedHeart,"For new players of the Zero Escape series, this entry is a game I would not recommend unless you have played the previous games, Virtues Last Reward and 999. Without playing the other two games in the series, it will be hard to understand some of the plot that lies in Zero Time Dilemma.Zero Time Dilemma is not what I expected, at all, and that's not in a good way. I've been waiting for this game since the release of Virtue's Last Reward, and unfortunately, I was highly disappointed by the results. There are a lot of questions from the last two games that go unanswered and ignored, when it was stated in an interview with the creator that all questions that fans had would be answered in the third game.From my understanding, this game was made during a short amount of time, and the resources were very limited, and for a game that had little time to develop, I can honestly say that this game is amazing. But if it were given more time to develop, the game could have been even better. I feel like, in a way, this game was rushed, and a lot of the story elements aren't explained very well. Zero Time Dilemma presents more questions to the player instead of answering the questions that players had been wondering since the beginning of the Zero Escape series.The puzzles weren't very well explained, I had to resort to the internet for a lot of them, and the flowchart for events was very confusing. If you don't know what you're doing, you're going to get stuck in this game, a lot. And if certain things aren't explained to you, you may not know what to do to acheive certain endings (for example: having to replay a segment over and over until you receive a better outcome)From a personal standpoint, I would recommend this game for the sole purpose of it being the possible final addition to the Zero Escape series."
,Recommended,311240,24194511,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Aramil Xiloscient,"This has got to be one of best storylines ive seen in a game for quite a few years. There were 2 puzzles that were a bit of a difficulty jump. (Im looking at you wierd computer screen during the monty hall puzzle) The sheer aha! moments that this game delivers is like a shot of accomplishment that feels well deserved. I would suggest you bring a pencil and pen or alt tab out to a note pad file though. The game in built memo system was not designed for a mouse input and limits how much you can have at ony one time. Just take your own notes and you will be fine.I will say however that while this is the 3rd game in a series its not wholly dependant you have played the other 2. Playing this game first will spoil a bit of the other 2 but all 3 teams have at least one ""new"" guy who will have events explained to them on a need to know basis. Unless you reeeaaalllyyy want to play a game in its published order id say go ahead and pick this game up, if you do however want to play it as intended the publisher has already anounced working on bringing the other games to steam whenever that gets accomplished."
,Recommended,311240,24230019,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,S. Carson,Gripping story. Played way past midnight to see the ending.
76561198023203048,Recommended,311240,24232149,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,lotheravanti,"This is the ending we never thought would manifest after finishing VLR. Play 999 and VLR first, otherwise it just wont be as good."
,Recommended,311240,24216654,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ToastCrust,"Excellent, very well crafted sequel and ending chapter to the Zero Escape series. It's theoretically possible to play without the other two entries, but this narrative is very much crafted around giving closure to plot threads from the previous games and is as a consequence less bombastic as the previous entry (Virtue's Last Reward). It's not worse off for it but if you're going to check this out anyways, you owe it yourself to play the previous entries first, since those are much more about throwing new elements in to escalate the plot, whereas Zero Time Dilemma is about bolting those elements down into known quantities in bizarre, maybe-really-clever-but-definitely-vexing ways.Please check out Zero Time Dilemma if you enjoy pseudo-science suspense thrillers or choice driven interactive narratives with puzzles, sort of in the Telltale vein, but with more involved, logic based puzzles sprinkled througout. Despite anime or manga style visuals that call out its Japanese roots, the narrative is much more an occult sci-fi horror adventure story than anything recognizably ""anime"" in the more lay perspective of what that represents, though if you're a fan of that anime-manga niche (kinda like Higurashi no Naku Koro ni), this definitely fits on that spectrum."
,Recommended,311240,24215602,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,AdmiralTuff,"Great game, be sure to pick up the prequels when they come out on Steam too!"
,Recommended,311240,23945968,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MajorPIYA,"This game through so many concepts within relative theories as well as complex metaphysical ideas that are not heard on a daily passing. for those that love numbers as theorietical ideas, i HIGHLY suggest this game to anyone. It was worth it to me."
,Recommended,311240,23953203,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Detr,"Trust me and the Funyarinpa.It's worth it.But seriously, definitely not a graphically amazing game, but the story and it's execution are unique and awesome, and it's definitely a worthy end to a trilogy, which I would definitely recommend playing first for better impact and character backstory.It good.(And bring a notepad and a pencil to your game session. Morphogenetic hyjinks and all.)"
,Recommended,311240,24048399,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,freeasinfreeman,I wouldn't recommend it if you didn't play the first 2 games.Hope the prequels are ported to PC someday.
,Recommended,311240,24038811,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Superpredator,"Zero Escape 3 is bittersweet. On one hand, you could argue the storyline and cinematic presentation is the best in the series. The puzzles aren't the strongest the series has seen, but the consequences of the decisions made within the game have a much more immediate effect on the story. The graphics are genuinely not very good, even on PC they look poorly animated even for a handheld game. Many things that were supposedly to be resolved from 999 and Virtue's Last Reward are not actually very clearly addressed (for the sake of spoilers I will leave it at that). There are a lot of great ideas in the narrative and design of the game that take place here, some of which are so over the top I might think they actually destroy any chance the narrative has of making sense. At the very least, I will say I had a lot of fun solving the puzzles, had many laughs and occasionally emotional moments watching the various ways people died and overall hope that if there is a Zero Escape 4, it takes less than four years to come out! 8.8/10, here's to hoping Uchikoshi has a bigger budget to work with next time around."
,Recommended,311240,24037304,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Natulyre,"Crazy guy points his gun at you and asks you who killed his girlfriend.Blame the dog, get shot.No regrets."
,Recommended,311240,24036171,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DaBoss,A wonderful conclusion to the Zero Escape series that takes advantage of everything the game offers for storytelling and gameplay in such a well executed manner.
,Recommended,311240,24036960,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,つぐみ,"Though I have not played 999 or VLR, I did read up on the plot and all the character backgrounds to ensure I understood what was going on. Indeed, a player with no knowledge of the previous two games can still enjoy this game. However, there are many references that will be made (like the choice of words used for the X-passes) which you will only appreciate with knowledge of the events of 999 and VLR.Pros:- Great voice acting (played on Japanese audio with Eng subs)- Interesting puzzles with ranging difficulties- Fragment system that slowly unravels the story [I am aware that the other games have this too]- Bridges the events of the previous two games togetherCons:- Somewhat predicable with knowledge of the events in VLR- 3D models and animation are a bit off and unnatural [I understand there was a limited budget]- Choosing the wrong fragment too early in the game might result in you not having the info required to solve puzzles, or certain info being revealed which may or may not affect the way you enjoy the rest of the game- SnailsOverall, I'm a big fan. Maybe it's due to the fact that I have not played 999 and VLR, hence I have no expectations and could play this with an open mind."
76561198040843553,Recommended,311240,24101511,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Saint Valentines,"really great game. had my head scratchy up to until the end.A narattive driven game, good puzzles but it's more than that it doesn't follow one story line, it follows multiple story lines and to know the truth you'll have to visit all timelines and piece together everyones backstory. an web of hints and clues keeps you guessing until the end.Highly Highly recommend if you like a good story with moral choices and a good mysterypeople upset with the ending are exaggerating. sure it leaves off at a cliff hanger but by no means terrible like the MGS5 ending"
,Recommended,311240,24102024,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,vortexian,"I hope people who get this game realize that this is the third and final game in the trilogy, so if you haven't played '999' and 'virtue's last reward', prepare to be confused.But if you have played those two, it's a good game. A couple issues I have is the fact that there's a lot more dialogue than gameplay, the lip synchronization is... really bad, and it feels more like a movie than a game.That all being said, the stories great, the acting is great, the puzzles are great, everything is great."
76561198194050194,Recommended,311240,24099883,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,vexmasternc,Perfect completion to the Zero Escape series!
,Recommended,311240,24099953,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sythierius,"Excellent conclusion to one of the greatest series in gaming that I've ever experienced. Brilliant writing, awesome characters, and a complex storyline. I highly recommend playing the whole series."
,Recommended,311240,24067004,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CaptainFawful,You could say... This is the sequel we've all been *DYING* for
,Recommended,311240,24088424,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dusty Sasquatch,"Couldn't get it working on PC so this is a mostly spoiler free review for the 3DS version.Zero Escape is my favourite series of all time. 999 and Virtue's Last Reward both had incredible plots, great music, amazing characters, and fun puzzles. I was so excited after waiting 3 years for Zero Time Dilemma to come out and was... disapointed. One of the biggest problems with the game is the animations are just bad. I've seen better animation in MMD videos made by 1 person. I know the game had little budget but these animations are just unacceptable and the lip-syncing is atrocious. I really think they should have sticked to the visual novel format of the first 2 games.The characters are also not as good as the previous games. Akane's characterization felt weird, Phi didn't do much at all really and all of Q-Team was lacking character developement, especially Mira who's just a nothing character. The rest were really good though, especially Diana.The plot of the game was amazing... until the ending. The beggining was faster paced compared to previous games which was nice and there are incredible moments all throughout the middle but the ending felt rushed. The end reveal was really well done and forshadowed nicely but then the antagonist's plan was incredibly convoluted for no reason and it was very confusing as to what forces / characters were doing to influence the plot of the whole game. Things that were supposed to be here according to the last game weren't for some reason. A convoluted plot was necessary for the past 2 games for reasons I can't say due to spoilers but in this game it's convoluted for no reason. Only 3 timelines are needed to exist in this game for the plot (SPOILERS: 1 to connect to vlr, 1 for the twins to exist, and the last being the true path END SPOILERS) but almost every single one is plot relevent and just makes the antagonist's plan look dumb and his ""complex motives"" nonsensical. 999 had bad endings that were not nessessary for the plot at all but were still very good and added mystery.The puzzles are still as good as the previous games and the music is still incredible. Some people complained about the english voice acting but I though it was really good for the most part.Would I still recommend this game? Overall I actually think it's still a very good game but not a very good Zero Escape game. I would recommend it for fans of the previous 2 games who wanted some closure and a very good story (for most of it) but not new fans of the series at all. Just be prepared to not have all your questions answered."
76561197971647119,Recommended,311240,24082337,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,fliptzer,"Overall Good, interesting and a bit fun. I like some of the twists.Bad: Bloddy repetative and written by a five year old  - some of the characters are so dumb they deserve to be killed off - Lemmings have less of a death wish - and they point out the bloody obvious every second line of diaglouse.""Is that a door?""""Should we open it?""""Let's open it!""""Ok!""*Ugh!*""It's locked.""""I knew it would be.""""Then why did you say to try the door?""""Beacuse... Junapai has changed so much in a year!""""No I haven't, Akana!""""Yes you have, Junapai!""You can talk, Akane!Please stop talking - I get it,you know each other from a previous game - stop shoehorning it into every scene.*Ahem* Overall good, but very, very, very, very repetative."
,Recommended,311240,24088900,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,FANTAK,"All i can say is, if you havent played 999 and VLR and your a huge fan of mystery, suspense, choices and consequences then your missing out the biggest Trilogy that can offer you.This game is beautiful, it mind ****ed me good, but its beautiful."
76561198041320041,Recommended,311240,24008729,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SiXiam,"Just finished the game.For the puzzles, I did most of them myself. I looked some of the ones up where it was just a factor of luck or going through the probablities a lot. As luck would have it I got probably my hardest puzzle in the game as my first puzzle (the teleporter numbers). Your mileage may vary. Two that really screwed me up were the manufacturing stungun sequence and the study shifting down 7 that would make a negative number. If you contemplated that then you know my pain for a pointless hint I already knew! Doesn't everyone combine everything in their inventory already? My favorite puzzles were moving the shapes around to let one pass. Not sure why.I didn't really like the art direction here. Phi looks the worst, though Diane the best.Akane's English voice is horrible. I wish they would have used the lady from VLR (at the end of the game when she was young).Overall I liked VLR better, but you kind of have to play if you played 999 and VLR."
,Recommended,311240,24636341,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,mattattack9,I enjoyed the game a lot. Literally played it non stop for 2 days. 999 and VLR required of course. It could have been better near the end because of the lack of a final boss puzzle. One of the best series I have ever played.
,Recommended,311240,24492805,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Jerome Lin,"As a big fan of the series, I'll be honest.This game wasn't as great as I had hoped.It feels like the game was quickly made to appease the hungry fans and just ended up as an okay game. There are subplots that were dropped and while there were some good twists and others were pretty stupid in my opinion.If you are a fan of the game and want an ending to the story, pick this one up but know that the series did not end on a strong of a note as the others in the series."
,Recommended,311240,24509870,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sneakyfletcher,"Briefly, it is a very convoluted BUT engaging story, if you like to look around for things in a room and connect the dots between cutscenes and don't become frustrated easily... well what are you waiting for??It gave me a headache... but because it's challenging NOT overwhelming.Get it on a Sale though... I paid full retail just because I couldn't wait and had WAY too much time to kill."
,Recommended,311240,24521503,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Sunday,"Great game, a well written story with lots of mystery and a great atmosphere. This series have one of the best story and a nice atmosphere I ever played, especially in the first game, the feeling of satisfaction to discover what's behind each numbered door is the best. To absolutely NOT miss.Compared to the two previous game, Zero Time Dilemma seems a bit odd as we actually follow the story by pieces and with the point of view of multiple persons which actually make the game slightly different from 999 or VLR. So the notion of doubt between the players would be mostly gone, right? Well, not really, the author still found a way to spice it up, and make the players still doubt each other’s.One of the change that I like is the animation of the story (not the animation itself, it's actually not that good). Before in 999 and VLR, we had to read the story with a plain background. Now in ZTD, we just have to follow the story by watching the animation, just like a movie.Yet, I still find some decisions made by the characters a bit weird or exagerate which sometime make me question their logic, but why not, they experienced things I didn't.To fully enjoy ZTD, it is more than recommended to play 999 and VLR, otherwise it would be quite confusing and you would just spoil some parts of the two previous amazing games, which would be not wise.Overall, I enjoyed this last installation of the Zero Escape trilogy, well, not as much as VLR but It still deserve its place as a Zero escape game in my opinion."
,Recommended,311240,24560149,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,sateenropinaa,Awesome game! I don't usually like puzzle games like this.
76561198006442199,Recommended,311240,24528346,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Xar99,"I enjoyed this a lot more than I expected to. The story is really interesting, and the puzzles were varied enough to remain interesting throughout.The puzzle part is really the only ""game"" aspect of it. Aside from that, it's largely an interactive movie with many possible endings. The story branches at the many decision points you encounter, resulting in 2 different outcomes. You are able -- and in fact, required -- to go back and make the alternate choice to completely unlock all of the outcomes. I found it to be a really clever dynamic."
76561197965957763,Recommended,311240,24630060,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,.KiwiKitty,"It has been a long time since I’ve played a game nonstop for many hours. The main thing I loved about this game was the fact I could watch all the choices, not be stuck with the first one I chose. I have not played the first two and didn't have a hard time understanding the story. Worth a buy, and I hope they bring the other two to steam so I can enjoy them as well."
,Recommended,311240,27604628,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ShadowSkill11,I think the Zero Escape series hit it's high point with Virtues Last Reward but this game still makes agood addition to the series that ended on such a massive cliffhanger. The structure is non-linear but the story still manages to come together. It's not a bad game but diffenetly my least favorite of the three.
76561198043599224,Recommended,311240,27638372,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vincentu,"Lots to do, so little time."
,Recommended,311240,27750643,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,blurr8,GREAT GAME! Love the series!
,Recommended,311240,27815960,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rawxas,Wonderful addition to the series. A little less interactive than the previous entries but it still brings the usual themes an motifs excellently.
,Recommended,311240,27907794,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JinnOcean,"This series is amazing, and this game does not disappoint. With interesting, well thought out puzzles, full dialog, and a story that will always keep you on your toes, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,311240,27961994,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zag,"This game won't make as much sense if you play just this one, and it spoils a lot of the surprises from the first two. Play the Nonary Games before diving into this one.Otherwise, I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,311240,27519264,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Startup Askab,"One of my game of the year, and my nomination for the ""whoooaaaaa, dude!"" award (honestly, I coudl have put it in a lot of awards, and I would have if I could). Nothing more to tell about it, since it's a story driven game.Some things though :First, you'll have a lot of things to read (or hear if you prefer the english dub). Even when you're doing the escape rooms, you're going to read a lot. Not a bad thing for me, but bad for some.Second, some choice are random. Even if you chose to retry them, a good answer before might be a wrong now. This mean you can sometimes try the same answers again and again and again to win (or lose, depends if you want to see all the endings or not), and fail and fail (or win and win) everytime.Finally, don't try to play this game if you've never played 999 and Virtue's Last Rewards (which are eventually coming on our beloved computer in 2017). The game never explains a lot of things that are told in those two games, and you won't understand why you're there and doing all of this."
76561198033624545,Recommended,311240,27585363,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fabio Lanzoni,"The end of a trilogy of amazing, mind blowing, adrenaline-inducing games. Make sure to pick up the first two games before playing this one. (The Nonary Games)"
,Recommended,311240,30973665,Posted: 5 April,all,BunnyVoid,this game is amazing! unique experience.but it makes you overthink everything...
,Recommended,311240,28147412,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,RenDlny,Great game! Make sure you play the previous Zero Escape games before playing this one.Definitely not as good as Virtue's Last Reward but good enough ending to the Zero Escape story.
,Recommended,311240,28039606,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dev_Nights,"Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma is a great mix of puzzle solving and RPG elements. Whilst no where near as good as Virtue's Last reward, it still does a brilliant job of weaving a narrative of events that are confusing at first.At first glance, there is too much available without much explanation as to how all of the events interlink, but overtime the game evolves and creates a much clearer picture.The puzzles are either ridiculously simple, easy to overthink or WHERE THE HELL IS THAT KNIFE!?! I never had issue trying to solve any of the puzzles other than when I began to overthink or when I couldn't find one item in a draw I forgot to check.Overall I'd rate it a 7/10, which means nothing other than if you've played the others in the series, give it a shot. If you haven't, if you like moral grey areas and puzzle solving, I'd also suggest you play it."
,Recommended,311240,28045617,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Shinmyoumaru Sukuna,"""You went to the city so ou could do something right? AT this bank.But turns out you had an appointment so you got your♥♥♥♥♥♥done fastSo now you're all the way out there in the city with nothing to doSince you got your stuff done in no time flatWhat do you call this problem?A Zero Time Dilemma.""-- A friend of mine""We did nothing wrong.""-- Snails""Does RNG even exist here?""-- Me""i am zero, gib yumyums or else nyu... *TIME TO DECIDE*""--ahoge-tan10/10All reviews above are from professional game critics."
,Recommended,311240,28397570,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lime Cultivist,"The final game in the Zero Escape trilogy.This is a visual novel that can be understood by any newcomer to the series, but I believe that playing this game first is an extremely bad idea. Everything within Zero Time Dilemma follows up on the previous 2 games: 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, and in order to understand everything you have to play the series from the start (plus playing ZTD first would spoil the entire story of both 999 and VLR).Each game in this series plays quite similarly. Be ready for a whole lot of dialogue, because half your time will be spent reading novel sections that explain the story, characters, etc. This is the main focus and appeal of the series: listening to the crazy science and philosophy tangents that spring up and keep you interested, thinking, and always guessing ""Just who is Zero and what is going on?"" Plot twists galore.Back to gameplay, the only elements you get control over are:1) Certain choices that change the story branch.2) The escape sections.These escape sections are the puzzle portions of the games where you have to look around rooms, find objects, combine items, enter codes, and play minigames to make progress and escape. There are several of these sections, but it is important to remember that the majority of this game is reading and you can't expect any sort of real action. All 3 games have multiple endings that require replaying to find different pathways and piece together every part of the story.In comparison to 999 and VLR, I found this game to be the weakest in the series by a decent margin. The story makes some questionable choices and certain characters feel left out by the endMiraor thrown in with little introductionDelta. The music is great, but it is recycled AGAIN from the amazing 999 soundtrack and seems lazier than when this was done in VLR.And, let's face it, the graphics are pretty bad. As anyone can see from the trailers, character animations are stiff, awkward, and overall low budget. The main problem with this is how it can ruin the atmosphere in a scene that is supposed to be taken more seriously. I knew with this final game the developers would try to go further with the graphics, but it's no surprise that 999's simple 2D drawings look a whole lot better than ZTD's awkward models. All of this hurts the game, but in no way do I think it should condemn it. If you played 999 and VLR, you need to finish the series, and the ending was satisfying enough.Yes, it is another cliffhanger. We don't know what happens next, but all the pieces are set up for a successful future. The one thing I missed the most was what happened to Clover, Alice, Kyle, etc. stuck in the VLR timeline?As for the flow of gameplay, ZTD falls just behind VLR. It keeps the improvements made with replayability (999's biggest problem) and tries something different with the fragment system. With this new system, the timeline no longer follows chronological order or even the same world lines like VLR did. It can be more confusing, but adds to the satisfaction when you piece the story all together in the end.I think that what I said earlier summarizes it all best: you should play this game if and only if you have already played 999 and VLR. If you haven't, and the prospect of a long story revolving around time travel and death games sounds good (and several other things I can't mention  because spoilers), then I would highly recommend 999. Currently it's an easy to find DS game, and will be coming to Steam sometime in the future."
,Recommended,311240,28394297,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MetaKras,"A great game with good characters and divine ost, the escapes rooms are a bit repetitive with some puzzles that come back often, but they are still good.I think you need to do the previous games to understand the whole story.The atmosphere is more oppressive, we're less surprised by the murders because, it's the purpose of the game."
,Recommended,311240,28294842,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Ken,"*Spoiler Free*- For those who haven't play Zero Escape beforeIf you want to play this game, get the two previous episode (999 and Vitrue Last Reward) and play it accordingly or you would miss out parts of the plot that are heavily connected. Trust me, you would be in one hell of a experience playing this trilogy if you like mind f-ing stories. (P.S. Highly recommended that the first episode, 999, to be played on the handheld though.)- For those that are fans of Zero EscapeThis will not dissapoint you as they maintain the quality and the storyline still gonna surpise you, although the puzzle is kinda easy compare to the previous ones. They leave no plot holes (at least not that I known of) and every questions are answered in the game. They really went through alot and did a great job for this."
,Recommended,311240,28418816,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,snazzems,"The gameplay is great. The rooms are challenging but not frustrating to escape from. And the way you move from story to story is interesting. You slowly get a sense of how events connect together and it feels really rewarding completing a path and realizing how the whole story unfolds.The game has some problems for sure. The animation is stiff, some of the menu navigation isn't intuitive, some of the characters are portrayed radically different from their previous incarnations. But it's all pretty minor. I think the story has a worse twist than VLR and there are a number of things the plot either criminally hand-waves or completely side-steps altogether.But it's worth playing. This was a game that was never supposed to happen. On a platform which it was never supposed to be on. Made by a guy who was completely flabbergasted that people still wanted him to continue making games. It's not perfect, but IT HAPPENED, and that's ultimately what matters to me, as a fan."
,Recommended,311240,27172478,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blecco,"Zero Time Dilemma is the third and final installment in the Zero Escape series: a trilogy of Visual Novels written by Kotaro Uchikoshi. The formula is always the same: a cast of stereotypical characters tries to find their way out from an enclosed location where they’ve been forced to play a game to achieve their freedom. This is the set up to tell a story with Sci-Fi themes that goes far beyond the mere concept of escaping, with plot twists and character development that defies the initial premise of the formula.As the author stated, the Visual Novel tries to use and abuse the media to tell its story, truly integrating the decisions of the player. This is made possible through the Flowchart: a tree of choices that leads from the beginning of the game to the multiple endings it bears. This, however, doesn’t expect any one player to choose its own singular ending, but rather invites everyone to explore the various branches of the tree to discover the mysteries hidden behind your decisions and reach the True Ending of the game.The Flowchart takes on a new form in this title, appearing in two separate versions: the classic one and a second, where the scenes appeared group and inconsequential. This is made so that the player can experience the events of the game without knowing their placement in time, leading to the need to reconstruct the story piece by piece. This, coupled with the three POV the game gives, makes for multiple ways to experience the story of the game, leading to different decisions and results.This mechanics thus define the experience of the game, leading to a story that is bit by bit revealed with multiple scenes dedicate to the development of its characters and twists that make for a truly interesting story. The decisions made in the game also have the intention of making the player think about their true opinion on them, rather than roleplay the character they are playing as, with the intentions to subvert one’s beliefs as the information piles and on and the situation becomes clearer.The game was designed to fit the needs of both new players and fan of the series, especially since it’s the first released on Steam and the upcoming ports for the same platform. The first two titles of Zero Escape worked easily as a standalone game, but this one is the end of a trilogy and therefore it works less as one. Nonetheless it could easily be played as entry point, with new players feeling both confused and intrigued by the information revealed early in the game.Taking a different approach from the previous titles, the game seems to be more focused on the freedom of choice and sense of discovery correlated with the middle part of the game. With the new fragment system for the timeline probably influencing that result, feels less ramping up to a huge twist revelation at its end and rather focuses on the truths that you might discover during your experience. This however leads to a less impactful ending, by some defined weak and unclear. As most Sci-Fi stories a few holes are inevitably left, but most are probably wanted.As it was the case in previous titles, some questions weren’t answered fully or directly, while some were probably scrapped during production. This inevitably leads to open ended situations, but this aren’t inherently bad. The Zero Escape series was intended for players to make ponder about some questions posed during the game and finding their own answer to them."
76561198026493281,Recommended,311240,28365564,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PKPhyre,"A fantastic game made worse by its predecessors. Zero Time Dilemma has a shocking and entralling story that's one failing is not being AS shocking and entralling as 999 and (in particular) Virtue's Last Reward. However, even the decided low point in the Zero Escape series still stands out as one of the most interesting, inventive narratives I've experienced in a game, and I have no qualms wholeheartedly recommending Zero Time Dilemma. And if you've played the other two games, it's still basically required reading."
76561197971823070,Recommended,311240,27488712,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Katala Enkeli,"If you liked 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, you'll enjoy this game, too.  Zero Time Dilemma ties the other 2 games together in surprising ways.  However, if you haven't played the first 2, while you are sure to enjoy the puzzles in this game, the storyline will likely not make any sense."
76561198053095765,Recommended,311240,27368997,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zurcn,"If you've played VLR and enjoyed it, then you will certainly enjoy the concluding chapter of the story."
,Recommended,311240,24138969,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Bernard,"I would only recommend this if you've completed the predecessors 9H9P9D and VLR, I don't believe the story is new player friendly and the game assumes you know what they're talking about.As always AKSYS blows yours mind and I was up until 2am Saturday watching one of the fragments unravel. It was exciting, and I wish I could forget it all so I could experience it twice!GJ Operation Bluebird."
,Recommended,311240,24004023,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[GL]daGnome,"This is probably what 'Saw: the video game' should've been....* on a more serious note, I felt that you shouldn't play this until you've play 999 and virtue last review.  Storyline is reference major events from those games.  Think of it this way, if a movie is meant to be a triology.  Yea, of course you can only watch the last part ot if, but you would not care for certain characters when 'Dilemma' situation came up... you wouldn't know the major events prior to this game.....* I find the graphic especitally animation to a bit subpar.  It's design for 3DS and Vita and looks like they just port the game over without any improvment... so that's a bit disappointing....* I just read that they'll port 999 and Virtue Last Reward to PC.... gee, what a missed opportunity!  If they could just release those before this one...!"
76561197995933443,Recommended,311240,28582838,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,PwrInside,"Zero Time Dilemma is a worthy entry to the Zero Escape series that I found myself, as a series veteran, unable to put down until the very end.That being said, the game was far from perfect. The animation, which was one of the things that drew me into the series in the first place, does not hold up in 3D. In fact, I could barely recognize many returning characters without the game specifically identifying them for me. The resolution of the story didn't seem to carry as much weight as the previous entries either.However, the puzzles in the game felt like solid additions to the well established gameplay of the previous entries and they have added a new free roaming camera that makes exploring the rooms feel much easier. The segmented exploration of the timeline really felt like it belonged, especially as it is explained in the story. The story was also satisfyingly dark and full of mystery that had me playing many long nights unable to put it down. Well worth the money!"
76561198013648909,Recommended,311240,27241072,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Seebok,cool game
76561197995817625,Recommended,311240,28544841,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,armypants,"insane plot/story stucture, puzzles can get annoying"
76561198262193074,Recommended,311240,28573401,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,miknuggets,"This game gave me depression.It's so amazing, it's a must play."
,Recommended,311240,27996264,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MC-Gamer,"For anyone who has played the previous two games (999 on DS and Virtues Last Reward on 3DS or PS Vita) this game is a must have. The puzzles are interesting and challenging, the plot is mysterious and clever, and in the middle of all the twists and turns there will be the beautiful moment where everything falls into place in your head, and you realise everything all at once. This truly serves as a fantastic end to a fantastic trilogy. If you like Escape games, puzzles or mysteries you'll love this game, just make sure that if you only play PC you wait until 999 and Virtue's Last Reward release on Steam so that you can play them in the release order, otherwise you'll be in for an even bigger mind♥♥♥♥! :)"
76561197981536734,Recommended,311240,27909414,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Neuro,a perfect finish to the 999 series
,Recommended,311240,27905001,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Maxuswong,Life is unfair.
,Recommended,311240,27881574,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lucky,By far the best Puzzle game i've ever played.
76561198053598969,Recommended,311240,27139544,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gerald,"It's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome,just play it.You won't be dissapointed!"
76561197994028532,Recommended,311240,27145667,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Suneku,Highly recommended.
,Recommended,311240,27210952,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bionic Hamster,"9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors didn't really need a follow-up, but its sequel, Virtue's Last Reward, very much did.The puzzles are, for the most part, just as good as the previous games and the narrative has some good twists but some of the new characters, Mira and Eric especially, aren't as good as previous characters and the returning participants from 999 feel and look almost like entirely different people.The change in visual presentation took a while to get used to and I'd still say the style of the previous games would have been better and the animation isn't particularly good. The requirement to see so many of the bad endings kind of desensitises you to it after a while, but one doesn't play Zero Escape for the visuals, you play it for the puzzles and the story, and Zero Time Dilemma is perfectly passable on both of those fronts.All in all, a solid ending for a series that didn't really need to be a series beyond the first game."
,Recommended,311240,27213413,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nox,You should definetly play 999 and VLR before you play this. It's really gonna fill up some plot points and it'll explain a lot of things. Other than that the actual ending was quite sour but it tearjerked me a few times and the puzzles were fun. There's a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of choices to make and a bunch of different endings and the timeline might confuse you if you get lost. But all in all it was a great experience.
,Recommended,311240,27112431,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Oracle,Please play the series.
,Recommended,311240,30935432,Posted: 3 April,all,Patitomanx1,"Great game!, Captivated me like few Visual Novels do, would recommend if you like Time Travel misteries like Ever 17."
,Recommended,311240,28379800,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,"Nanomachines, son.","Came on to this game having not played any of the prior games in the series, but having just finished Danganronpa 1 also from Spikechunsoft, so I had a possible idea of what I could be in store for. Oh boy was I wrong but in a good way.Pros:-Excellent story from the perspective of a newcomer to the series-Mostly intuitive puzzles with a good level of difficulty, majority are very logical and quite straight forward-Top tier voice acting and writing. Each character sounds very distinct in the manner of their speech and it brings a lot to the table in terms of immersion-Unique interesting characters. I found myself quite invested in a few of them by the endCons:-One or two of the puzzles use ridiculous moon logic, where twice I just resorted to rubbing items in my inentory on everything in the environment until something worked-The animation quality is absolutely terrible. I'm not sure what the budget was for this game or how it was allocated but it sure as hell didnt go to animation. They have to cut away and cut back every time anybody picks an object up in a cinematic for God's sake-I'm not sure if they were things established in previois games, but the plot does have a couple of total♥♥♥♥♥pulls which dont do too much detriment to its overall impact, but when you have good writing surrounding these moments it makes them stand out moreOverall it's an excellent narrative experience with fun, well made puzzles. The tone of the game is quite bleak for the most part and involves a similar type of premise to Danganronpa; several characters locked in a confined space, attempting to find a way out. What I wasn't expecting when I started was the excellent science fiction storytelling which, at least in the order I played, had almost a perfect blend of subtle foreshadowing, intrigue and being simultaneously incredibly ANIME but with very natural sounding western dialogue. Worth buying if you enjoy narratively focussed games."
,Recommended,311240,28734834,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,noc.mp3,"If you haven't played 999 and VLR, then I have a decision game for you:a) Procure and play 999 and VLR on their respective platforms (Vita for VLR, as it has a save glitch on the 3DS), orb) wait for their Steam releases, buy and play them first.Those are your only options.While this game doesn't have the same kind of mindblowing plot twists as the previous ones in the series, there are still quite a few surprises that kept me playing. Like its predecessors, it is a graphic novel littered with first-person puzzle-solving segments. It's the good book you can't put down and can't stop flipping the pages.... until you get stuck on a puzzle. About that : this is one of those games where you definitely want to keep googling for answers to a minimum, as plot spoilers REALLY ruin the fun here. The puzzles in this game probably aren't as mindbending as the other ones either; however, I did have to bust out the pen and paper sometimes to write things down. They got a little bit lazy with some of the puzzles, especially the ones they kept recycling that really didn't seem to make sense in the grand scheme of things (such as rotating tools to fit into a toolbox to... open that toolbox?).The storytelling was a good way to tie in the first two games; however, the ending may seem to be a little... rushed. There were some storyline sequences that unlock only after you re-viewed certain early-game events, but there weren't any actual hints/clues or much logic as to why you had to revisit those scenes to unlock the subsequent ones. You also need to know to jump back into the game after you beat it to view the updated ""Files"" to get some end-game closure. That said, it seemed like they tried to wrap it up quickly so that they could be done and over with the game... but at the same time, there just might be enough scope for a 4th game in the series. Hell, there is enough scope for a few spinoffs as well.The plot in this series isn't perfect: there are plot holes here, and just like the previous games, you have the chicken and the egg problem. But if you dig deeper and really embrace the infinite amount of possibilities and histories as suggested in this story, you may get creative enough to pardon these plot holes.When 999 and VLR comes to steam, I would definitely do a marathon re-run through this series."
76561198030960918,Recommended,311240,28800337,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Necrobius,Mind hack...Pro's:Story +++++++++++++++++Visuals ++Puzzles ++Con's:Didnt want to stop...
,Recommended,311240,24189128,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,grossedout5,"Let me make a few things clear:Yes, you should play the other two games before playing this one.Yes, Q team sucks.Yes, Kotaro Uchi is my lord and savior.Yes, Gab was the killer.Yes, George shoots Lenny.Yes, Gab did 9/11.I don't want argue about this anymore guys"
,Recommended,311240,28753697,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Left-Handed_Lovecraft,"The long-suffering fanbase is the main reason this game was made. The game, like the rest of the series, is pretty damn good.It doesn't quite deliver on all the fans' expectations. People say that the game's ending was rushed. It is by no means a bad game, but it would not be unfair to say it is the weakest in the series.As to why Uchikoshi allowed an unfinished game to be published?His motives are complex."
,Recommended,311240,32011388,Posted: 27 May,all,Oluff305,Pretty  good puzzlessss
,Recommended,311240,32003681,Posted: 27 May,all,Myrrii,"If you've played the previous installments in this series (and you really should) you'll probably buy this one anyway.PROS- Voice acting- Game mechanics- Great characters- Incredible soundtrack- PuzzlesCONS- The animation- Not really any closure to some major questions- Deus ex machina plot twistsAll in all the story was decent and I don't regret buying this game, but it isn't nearly as good as its predecessors."
76561198079415755,Recommended,311240,32030771,Posted: 28 May,all,Connor Akamatsu-Ludenberg,"I have completed this game and all its achivements.Pros:-Amazing story-Interesting puzzles-Dynamic characters, all serve a purpose to the story-Good for achievement hunters, finished the game in about 15 hours and I took my time too so 33 achievements is not bad for that time.Cons:-Character models look weird occasionally and clipping takes away from immersion (if that's a problem for you)-Some puzzles require you to remember passcodes from other timelines/scenarios which can be a lot to mess with (had to look up passcodes multiple times)-Confusing flow chart, hard to know what nodes unlock when-Memo board a hassle to get to and doesn't help out much in my opinion.Final Thoughts:This is my first Zero Escape game (this is the third one). I LOVE this game and have just bought the first two because of it. It is a cult classic for a reason, the storyline is a masterpiece, the characters feel so real and thought out, everything is just amazing about this game. It's worth the money to play this!"
76561198045062838,Recommended,311240,31187578,Posted: 16 April,all,Detective Cawotte,Started the game.Weird dude asked me to bet on a coin toss :If I lose I gotta play a sick game and if I win I'm free.I won.Got the ending credits.9/10 would play again ( -1 point for the 10min game lenght sry )
,Recommended,311240,23989645,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,_v3,"This is an edit of the original review I posted.Now that I've completed the game twice I want to give anopinionon this game.Zero Escape: Zero Time Dilemma is the conclusion to the epic Zero Escape trilogy.Before playing this game play9 Hours 9 Persons 9 DoorsandVirtue's Last Reward(this isn't optional,do it), because the characters reference events that happened in the 2 games right from the start and if you want to have the best experience with this game pick them up (or wait a bit, because the 2 previous games are getting HD remakes for the PC).Starting off, I would like to say that this game isn't as great as the previous entries (it's still very good though, although some things can be a bit hard to wrap your head around until you complete most of the endings), it lacks severe polish to both story and characters.I must say though that I'm glad that this game got released (seing as the game didn't sell well in Japan and this final installment might have not even happened).The PC port looks a bit rushed suffering from severe audio issues like music cutting out (or straight out not playing at all), game freezing because it's waiting for the dialog to end but it too cuts abruptly (which can be fixed by either alt-tabbing out of the game or just entering the settings menu unlike the audio issues).Positives:*The Puzzles are good, they seem to be reusing a couple of puzzles across various rooms (with some tiny variations here and there)*The English voice acting is good (surprisingly, not the best but not resident evil either)*Controlling with a mouse is super easy, just as if you were playing it on a 3DS or PSVita (which can't be said for most ports nowadays)*Spike Chunsoft gave away FREE DLC for early adopters of the game which included a nice digital booklet and a Mini-OST, which IMO is a nice touch seeing as the PC version did not get a physical release (sadly)*The story can be both good and bad, depending on what you enjoy.Negatives:*Low resolution textures (I think they are just stretched 3DS or Vita textures because they look blurry AF on 1080p)*As mentioned before, Severe audio issues (which can supposedly be fixed by installing OpenAL, although that didn't work for some people, me included).*Sometimes if you have a controller plugged in, the game doesn't let you navigate menus properly*The animations are pretty terrible, I kinda wish they stuck with the old stlye (like VLR).All in all I can say that if you can ignore some of the issues this game has you should definitively pick this game up. If you didn't play9 Hours 9 Persons 9 DoorsandVirtue's Last Rewardyou might wanna start with that first."
,Recommended,311240,24375961,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,derrysan7,"The Best Puzzle game on Steam!!If you are a fan of escape the room game in general, Buy this game!but first, you have to play 999 and VLR to fully understand whats going on"
76561198280619572,Recommended,311240,24355496,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,thomasgao,"I recommend this game for those who has played Zero escape: 999 and VLR.Like many people have said, I think the soundtrack is amazing but 3D models are not great but still made me fully engaged in the story.However, I would say the time of playing (23 hours to beat the game) is a little bit short for 40 bucks. But then again, the story is almost always fully engaging so I wouldn't blame that. And I know the money needed to hire voice actor must be a lot for games like this.There is one improvement I would like to ask for though, and it is one of the biggest disappointments I have for this game:****************MAJOR SPOILER ALERT********************It is that the flow chart is actually well organized at the beginning. To be more specific, the fragments were already in mostly correct order from the very beginning. If you really want to bring out more surprises for the play, I recommend you guys put fragments parallel to each other at first before truth is revealed. (For example, if Q-team is executed in the first round, the fragments for C-team and D-team will be revealed and placed in completely random position below the first round. To make it even more interesting, a decision should be made at that point, and the player can only choose to play as either one of the two teams. Another team can only be unlocked after all teams have been executed in the first round. And at the very beginning there can be a bunch of grey fragments, all scattered randomly under the first round and they can only be unlocked once one team is executed in first round.) However, such confusing element is not found in this game. When I saw the already organized flow chart, I immediately thought one team's game might occur after another team, and as a result I was not so surprised afterwards by the fact that three wards are actually one ward since it is possible if one fragment is after another. I think redoing the flowchart is not that big of an effort and it is really something developers should consider."
76561198079222258,Recommended,311240,24365676,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Loaf,This is a great game. I normaly dont play games like this but i am loving the ♥♥♥♥ out of it.
,Recommended,311240,24384479,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Aeri,"Let me first state that I'm really mainly recommending this game to those who have played 999 and Virtue's Last Reward. This is because I feel as though you don't get the full experience and/or some things won't make since if you haven't played the other two. Luckily for those that can't play the other two due to a lack of DS/3DS, 999 and VLR are rumored to get a steam release soonNow onto the game, I really did enjoy Zero Time Dilemma a lot, but sadly not as much as the other two. Overall, Zero Time Dilemma is a great and fitting ending to the trilogy, and while I have a few of my own gripes with it, it was a really enjoyable experience overallPros:Great storySoundtrack is amazing as alwaysReally interesting puzzles, most of which presenting a good amount of challengePlenty of moments that make you go ""OOOOHHHHH"" when you realize somethingFully-animated cutscenes were actually really cool. I know the animation may not click with some, but I enjoyed itReally good PC edition, everything ran smoothly and I never had any frame dropsCons:A few issues with the story, but I won't list them because spoilersIt may have been just me, but there were times where the story felt way more linear that what I'm used to with Zero Escape games, which I guess worked out well for this particalar game, but it just felt kind of weird to meAs with most Zero Escape games, it takes a little while for the story to pick up, but this may not be that big of an issue for someIf you played and enjoyed 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, then you'll definitely enjoy Zero Time Dilemma. If you haven't played the previous games, then I highly recommend playing them first before playing this one"
76561197985734129,Recommended,311240,31021895,Posted: 8 April,all,Dark IP,"An awesomely mindf*ing game. It's a mix of escape rooms, deadly decisions, multiverses and time dilemmas, remembering me of Stein's Gate.Definitely something if you're into stuff like that."
,Recommended,311240,29440460,Posted: 23 January,all,genbatzu,"10/10what a great game, very thought out story over all 3 games. I hope i forget it fast enough to play it all over again when Game 1 & 2 are available on steam"
,Recommended,311240,29318517,Posted: 17 January,all,Zemtor,"At first glance this looks like a SAW movie simulator, but after playing it, it becomes much much more Than a SAW simulator. It's a very great game, but the price is a little steep for it. I'd wait till it goes on sale to pick it up and once you do, you will fall so far down the rabbit hole. Was a very enjoyable experience. To summarize the game, its a giant ""Choose your own adventure"" book with great puzzle gameplay. 10/10 would die again. (real score 8/10) best enjoyed if on sale, though I would ALMOST recommend buying at face value."
,Recommended,311240,31046906,Posted: 9 April,all,Enrick,Good.
76561198028535339,Recommended,311240,30108866,Posted: 22 February,all,Rudolf [NOR],"I highly Recomend this game, the Zero Escape series is one of my favorites. It has got the psychological thriller aspect going for it, it also has challenging escape the room puzzels that are not to easy but not to hard. And a grate story that has you wondering who the ♥♥♥♥ the acutal bad guy behind it all is."
76561198302713747,Recommended,311240,32181655,Posted: 4 June,all,Phoenixie,"A new fan of ZE here.First, a reminder that this game is the LAST game of the series, if you consider playing this, playing the Nonary Games (which is awesome) is strongly recommendedPROS:-Proffesional voice acting-Puzzles were kinda fun (unlike most of the people who played the ZTD think)-Better game interface-A lot of mindf***sCONS:-Very weak character development, even the familiar characters from Nonary Games feel different.-Awful 3d animation  instead of old visual novel style-A complicated plot, however not as well-written as the previous games'  ( Still may be interesting for a positive gamer).-Dialouges are not interesting, althrough the game is dialouge-based-Unnecessary ""emotional"" momentsI feel like a short epilogue after the ending of VLR would be much better since most of the mysteries were already resolved, ZTD not only answers the questions in your mind, puts MORE question marks on it.Tl;dr :You may even enjoy it as long as you keep your expectations low (which is hard after seeing the great story and entertaining gameplay of the previous games)."
76561198009798031,Recommended,311240,32522056,Posted: 17 June,all,Clown Vomit くそ,"if you hold the series up to this point in really high regard and have no time for silliness then I might see how you'd think this game is a lot weaker than the others, I love it though, it gets very ♥♥♥♥ing silly and it's amazing."
,Recommended,311240,32513091,Posted: 17 June,all,brown seagull,Good.
,Recommended,311240,27712120,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,プリンス・モクサン💖,"Pros:+Atmospheric soundtrack and visuals+DianaCons:-Too much gore, inconsistent with previous entries (could be a pro for some people)-Explanation of ending is iffy-Amatuer character animationThoughts:I love this game dearly, but I think that only hardcore fans of the series would truly appreciate it. The Zero Escape series is popular for its chilling twists and powerful atmosphere. Zero Time Dilemma manages to bring the series to a satisfying end; fans of the series should certainly pick it up. That being said, this game is nowhere near the level of its predecessors. The animation is cringey, the ending isn't all that mindblowing, and, most of all, it relies too much on gore. Edgy death scenes don't make up for weak plot. But in the end, even a bad Zero Escape game still has a beautifully crafted story and memorable characters.Score:9/10"
,Recommended,311240,24081054,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jubster,"After finally finishing this, I can say, as a person who has 100% completed the previous two games, this is the perfect game to end it all.TL;DR: If you have played the previous games, this is unquestionably a must-play.IntroductionZero Escape is a Japanese Escape Room Puzzle game series, which includes Choose-Your-Adventure Visual Novel type of story telling. While the puzzles will take the majority of your play time (unless you're a super genius), the main meat of the game is definitely the story and the characters.The story itself is a form of puzzle as well.Zero Time Dilemma is the last of the trilogy, and while it can be played as a standalone, It WILL leave you with questions. It will also lessen the impact of the story of previous games, so please play them in the ""correct"" order.The GoodWhile there weren't as many puzzle rooms as VLR or 999, they were still as complex, if not more complex than previously, and as varied as ever. I'd say that each puzzle room took me from 15 minutes for the more straightforward ones, and up to 1 hour for the really weird ones. They were all REALLY fun. Even if I got frustrated, I always ended up enjoying the puzzles after finally solving them. I did not need walkthroughs for these, but a pen and paper were a must.Lots of paradoxical and philosophical thinking, VERY out-of-the-world mysteriesout-of-the-dimension mysteries, and overall great story and characters. This is also true for the new characters, even if Eric is annoying almost all of the time. They all get great backgrounds, and they are very well included into the story of the returning cast.The BadOne thing that didn't come up, was alternate solutions to puzzles(For Golden Files in VLR, and True Ending in 999). And there were few moments when I didn't even see what I was clicking for progression, and a very few moments where I even started randomly clicking things.While the visual quality and style is amazing (in fact, I like it more than the beautiful 2d of 999), the 3d animation is lacking. The same animations get reused constantly, lipsync is almost non-existent and those few unique animations you see sometimes, are a bit lacking. Still miles better than VLR.The ending is a very slight cliffhanger. I say that it's that kind of a cliffhanger as to be even good, but I know some who would hate it.The EndAfter this splendid finale, I can whole-heartedly say:This is my #1 videogame series of all time!Every loose end got cut, and all the questions (that I had) got answered, and the puzzles were mostly amped up in difficulty. As a sequel and a finale, it fills all the check marks and then some, and that's all I could ever ask for."
,Recommended,311240,33527183,Posted: 13 July,all,Bramadan,Very clever and well written visual novel.Escape room bits are fun anc challenging without being stupid and the main story holds together remarkably well considering how sprawling its.
76561198119399248,Recommended,311240,33449961,Posted: 11 July,all,TinyAngelSelphie,"I've not played any of the other games in this series, but I can safely say that this game was just great.There were a couple of bits that did confuse me slightly, even after 100%ing the game, but those may have been left unanswered for personal interpretation.I also quite enjoyed it being a visual novel that had animations for you rather than sitting there and having to click to keep the story moving along. While this may not be everyone's cup of tea, I found it to be nice from other games I've played.The one thing I will say about this game though before buying it: Personally, I would wait for it to be on sale. While it is great and you should play it, I managed to complete it in just a little over 25 hours and in my opinion, for every $1 you spend on a game, you should get about an hours worth of gameplay."
,Recommended,311240,33417711,Posted: 9 July,all,gay bitch,"A good end to the series . Wraps up plot points nicely and even throws in some super good twists with it.  Out of the trilogy, this one has the weakest puzzles imo but the story is just as good as vlr (my favorite of the 3). If you havent played the first two, dont buy it. If you're a big fan of the series, you'll have fun."
76561198118598705,Recommended,311240,33802084,Posted: 25 July,all,nightxninja911,"I love this series, however Zero Time Dilemma took a whole new approach with this title and I was left underwhelmed. The first two games are incredible and left me with shivers down my spine and several different emotions that I never received with this one. I'm aggravated they changed my favorite characters and how they changed the way ""shifting"" is done, which doesn't stay true from 999 or VLR. Overall, I'm disappointed in this game but it was still alright.Also, not enough Clover."
,Recommended,311240,34589943,Posted: 29 August,all,Bamboudur,"Pretty intense as the pictures suggest, the story is very immersive, and gets twisted very fast. It delivers on that point.The story works by branches, you can choose your own path to explore everything and make different choices. It starts making sense once you've completed everything.Although, not cleanly as others did suggest. They are some pretty silly things... At some moments near the end, it's true that details of the whole plot are hard to be taken seriously.But still, the whole experience is unique and breathtaking for like 95% of the game. It pieces together the story started with the 2 previous games, which I recommend to try out as well, Virtue's Last Reward being my favorite (you have a clear continuity of it in this game).The price may appear a bit steep for what kind of game it is, but at the same time, there's really not that many story-telling games of this kind and quality. Make you own mind, IMO it's must-buy if you can find a sale around 20€-$.Right now it's around 35€, it's about the price of portable games for DS-VITA in comparison. Fine to me."
,Recommended,311240,34091568,Posted: 7 August,all,gravydiggs,"Spike Chunsoft has done it once again! Zero Time Dilemma is a great sequel to 999 and VLR. It basically picks up right where VLR left off (if you follow the story close enough) and you get all the feels in the story. It has great new characters and a good building off of old characters from 999 and VLR.VLR has to be my favorite story-wise, but Zero Time Dilemma had me going ""OH S**T NO"" after completing puzzles. These were my FAVORITE puzzles. I was literally biting my nails in anticipation of the harrowing turn the story would take. I also have to say that I love Phi's design in this game. She looks beautiful and grows on you even more as a character. I was hoping to have her be a bit more prominent in the game, but it makes sense as to why other characters had more of a focus.I only have one complaint--and it is merely because of personal interest--but...*SPOILERS* *SPOILERS* *SPOILERS*If all the SHIFTers retain their memories, why does it seem like a number of them just FORGET the crimes of one of the major characters?! It seems like a continuity gap in the story.*END OF SPOILER*I guess one more thing is that the graphics can be a bit weird at times. Characters mouths sometimes don't move when they talk and animations aren't very fluid. Still this is a good PC port and doesn't distract from the story.Regardless, I love this game and would recommend to anyone who loves visual novels, puzzles, the previous nonary game stories, and/or other Spike Chunsoft works."
76561198314007822,Recommended,311240,33927616,Posted: 31 July,all,Mumen Rider,"Holy potatoes! That escalated quickly - the game.Make sure to play the predecessors(Sigma / Phi) & (Junpei/Akane) storylinesbefore you start this.8,75 Plot twists / 10"
76561198003270516,Recommended,311240,34425675,Posted: 22 August,all,Maluko,"So I just finished a marathon of Virtue's Last Reward (awesome story, great game) and went to purchase this sequel.The characters are poorly introduced.. you start with a booooooooooring story with a bunch of characters that already knows each other without explaining how the met.. in contrast with the other games where every character is a mystery.So.. 1/2h of boring timeline decisions that I really wanted to skip without missing the story line.What I missed most in contrast wih the other games is that you can skip dialogues.. I read faster than I listen so I want to skip a phrase to play faster. But.. when you skip the phrase that is on the screen you also skip a bunch of unsaid dialogues!! So you can't skip dialogues if you want to know the full story.Ok, the game finally starts.. the 3D is awful.. this is a 2016 PS4 game with PS1 graphics.. the characters are well drawn but the background is really bad 3D. There are a lot of objects you simply can't figure what is just by looking.3D puzzles are bad.. I use mouse to play, so drag to rotate and click to select. Some times when I try to rotate with an object under the mouse it clicks instead.Also I miss RIGHT MOUSE BUTTON to go back from a zoom!! I have either press escape or click ""Back"". On the long run this makes a huge difference.No second chances when you miss a password (like the last games). When you miss, you're kicked out the screen and have to click again to try again.Time flow is a mess.. I want to follow a line I chose in the beginning but I have no way to know without having to click on a picture and play it to the end.I'm pretty sure the story is awesome but the devs removed a lot of simple helpful features from the other games.. I'll keep playing to the end because I'm a fan of the series but after two hours playing I confess that I have some regrets on buying this game."
,Recommended,311240,34208509,Posted: 13 August,all,Monokuma,"Ending a game's trilogy is always hard and it can be hit and miss, saying that I'd have to say that I really enjoyed playing Zero Time Dilemma and it's game mechanics improved on it's previous two games. It's much more confusing at first as the set up is much different to the timelines introduced in the prior two games, but once you adjust to the mechanic it's easy to understand. I cannot say I would recommend this game to someone who has not played the first two as they would not have any idea what is going on or have any backstory, but it's a game that closes the Zero Escape trilogy well."
,Recommended,311240,34658124,Posted: 1 September,all,eD1s0n,"Short and sweet, just like this reviewGotta play the ""Nonary games"" for context though. Otherwise most of the twists and impactful moments will be lost"
76561198117613881,Recommended,311240,27978110,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dazzle,"If you liked the other Zero games, you'll probably like this one too. I personally do feel that for the sake of the story, you should have played the other games first, but it's an enjoyable game on its own too. Since the average amount of playtime before you fully complete the game is relatively low, (20-30 hours) I would recommend buying the game when it's on sale. Also don't hesitate to look up how to proceed with the story, because you'll probably get stuck at some point, looking it up will save you some frustration. I rather liked the voice acting and graphics, although I feel the latter was a bit static if that makes sense. Some cutscenes are simply recycled from previous ones, and don't seen to have a lot of movement in it. There are also some cutscenes that go on for a good 15 minutes without getting all too exciting; don't buy the game if you can't stand lengthy cutscenes! Additionally the ending left much to be desired. All in all I think the fans will enjoy the game, but I personally feel it's not worth spending 30-40 bucks on it. You can see a lot of work has been put into the game, but I also think there's room for improvement."
,Recommended,311240,34565796,Posted: 28 August,all,JavaTheMocha,"The Less Stated, the BetterObviously, you've already played 999 and Virtues Last Reward.Otherwise, I would suggest playing those before purchasing this title. Playing this game within the vacuum of itself would be mildly entertaining, but you'd miss the entire point.This game successfully bridges the story of all past titles, while taking on the INSANELY ambitious task of explaining how human existence works: and it excells fantastically.If that sounds like fun to you, I strongly suggest picking up the earlier titles. All 3 are great games.Quick Pros and Cons+     More blood+     A more ambitious storyline than past titles (if you can even believe that)+     The fully-animated cutscenes, as opposed to the dialog boxes of earlier titles, are a welcome addition (even if some lip-syncing is out of place and some of the voice acting is a little drab during violent parts)+     The puzzles are harder-     The puzzles are too hard (trying to decipher an abstract alphabet,relating its symbols to a base 10 numeric system, and then converting/downscaling answers into a base 13 numeric systemis a little insane. There is also one puzzle in the game which is actually unsolvable...so have fun kids)-     I cannot propose a better solution but...Pacing the game episodically SUCKS. Having to jump around from fragment to fragment really divests yourself from the characters and the immediate plot points. Very often, I'd be lost and have to back-track the timeline to figure out where the hell I was and what I was doing. However, this helps the pacing to be less repetitive than Virtues Last Reward. So a small plus there.-     You will actually get stuck a few times during regular playthrough of the storyline. There are some mechanics at work in the menu screens/flowcharts that are witheld from your knowledge. They are also never explained. Youwillhave to replay certain scenes ad nauseum to create different outcomes. This is unique to this specific game."
76561198142753189,Recommended,311240,34728357,Posted: 3 September,all,motzand,another one of those games where you gotta SEEK A WAY OUT! this is the third one in the series and while it's pretty good it's not as good as the first one
76561198118978330,Recommended,311240,34858128,Posted: 10 September,all,Lysiahme,This game was beautiful yet so ♥♥♥♥ed up. Highly recommend having played the first two games.
76561198380328969,Recommended,311240,34487518,Posted: 25 August,all,tr3V0ND1NDUnuffin,This game was so moving I think I went through about three boxes of tissues during the story. Then I got to the end and cried for the first time.
,Recommended,311240,29912677,Posted: 13 February,all,The Angel,A great way to end the series. I really liked it.
,Recommended,311240,35158852,Posted: 23 September,all,LibraryLad,Fantastic game! Lots of puzzles and a mindblowing story.
,Recommended,311240,35440860,Posted: 3 October,all,Muparity,"This review is simply unfair , don't you think ?"
,Recommended,311240,35475653,Posted: 4 October,all,Noodel,The only bad thing about this game are the facial animations.
