user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198100239393,Recommended,311310,20722072,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Rapid,"Naval Action brings back old memories of playing Sid Meier's Pirates, you get into the game by joining a server and creating a ""character"", you name yourself and choose your allegianceNationsGreat BritainSpainFranceDenmark-NorwayNetherlandsSwedenUnited StatesPiratesI was very happy to see the range of nations as it spices things up, I spent a good deal amount of time thinking who to fight for, in the end I chose Great Britain as I wanted to be ""classy"", a little note, I don't think there are nation specific ships, all nations can use the same ships, don't take my word for it thoughPresentationThe game looks really good! You also have a fair variety of options so you can tweak your game if it doesn't run at its best, I personally am running at highest graphics without FXAA & AA and I am getting 60 FPS no problem ( i5 4670k & GTX 960 if you want to know )ShipsWhen you get into the game, you start with a ""Basic Cutter"", it is a very decent ship, and I would suggest sticking to it for a while, be sure to ""play around"" and see how you like to play since it will be important later on. In the store you will see 7 rates of ships, what this means is that the ships are divided into classes, as they were, with 1 being your heaviest ( Santisima & Victory ) and 7 being lightest ( Lynx, Cutter etc. )TradingTrading, I don't yet know much about but it also plays a big role in the game, you transport cargo from one place to another, buying for less and selling for higher, there are specialised trading ships in the game which offer more space for the cargo, however, these ships usually make easy targets for pirates or other ships in general, so you should most likely do it with a friend!CombatThe game is fairly realistic, so battles are generally very slow and take time, you basically have to outmanouver your opponent and turn his ship into swiss cheese! The sounds are also great so hearing bigger ships fire feels very rewarding and very immersive. For battle, you also have a nice variety of customization, you can buy cannons for your ship ( Watch out for what class of gun you're buying, you can get confused! ), and in battle you'll have three basic ammo types, ball, chain & grape. Oh and, you can board ships! Yes! Sadly, you can't see the actual fight, it's more of a turn game, where luck and tactics decide the outcomeThings to mentionThe game is alpha, so there are bugsThe loading screens are very humorousThe game is very grindyDon't sail in big ships while low level! ( The way it works is the higher level you are, the bigger crew you can have, imagine sailing a Frigate with 40 men! )There is a map, but you have to know how to navigate! ( You can't see your location on the map )I hope this review helped!"
76561198161184580,Not Recommended,311310,30197431,Posted: 26 February,all,General Cornwallis,"============================**TALKING REDS ARE CENSORED**.============================All players should be aware that any player who disagrees or express' an alternative POV than the NA Moderators/Admins/Devs are CENSORED. Further, if you provide a negative review you will be banned. Additionally, to top it all off, members of Game-Labs are using alt accounts to respond to these Steam reviews in order to down-vote all our negative reviews and up-vote positive reviews. They even talk about ""down-voting the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Steam reviews"" on their bulletin board  and how it's causing the shrinking player base. They actually believe the reviews are the issue and not the lack of respect for NA players and TOTAL lack of beneficial improvements to the game.============================**ADVISORY TO STAY CLEAR OF NAVAL ACTION**============================http://www.piratesahoy.net/threads/advisory-to-stay-clear-of-naval-action.27193/Looking for info? Do a Google search for Naval Action reviews and you will find numerous posts and reviews condemning their actions.Don't take my word for it...Read these reviews...http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991377081/recommended/311310/https://niucensorshipinliterature.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/censored-3.pnghttp://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/15751-forum-moderator-problems/http://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/18709-forum-censorship-and-fiddling-while-rome-burns/https://mmos.com/review/naval-actionhttp://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/17281-why-naval-action-rating-is-sinking/http://steamcharts.com/app/311310---------------------------------------***BACKGROUND to MY CENSORSHIP***1 ► I tried posting a follow up to a post for NAVAL ACTION but the admin deleted my post.2 ► A little surprised that I was censored, given the effort I put into providing a follow up I posted the following statement ▬ ""***Censored***"" since they removed my post3 ► I received a warning from forums moderator with no information4 ► I provided a Bad Review here as a result of censorship5 ► ***AS A RESULT OF THIS REVIEW I have been ""Chat Banned"" in game as well as have been banned from their forums. I received the following message:6a)► ""You have been banned permanently from Naval Action Discussions by a forum moderator for your post on Steam reviews"" **** (game-labs forum)6b)► ""You have been permanently banned from all Naval Action discussions. You have been banned by a forum moderator."" (Steam Naval Action Discussions)6c)► ""Access to chat limited"" in Naval Action Game (In-game PERM CHAT-BAN)============================***OBJECTIVE OF THIS REVIEW***►Encourage Naval Action  Players  to post thier stories as the Naval Action Game Dev's are desperately trying to hide the truth. DEV cannot censor our comments here.***THE NAVAL ACTION FORUMS [Bulletin Board actually, a forum would mean dialogue (•to and fro•) ] are FULLY CENSORED AND NOT ALL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED, do not rely on the accuracy of the information you may find  at [forum.game-labs.net]***============================***TLDR***1▬Absolute Beauty of a game but DEV's are obtuse and form part of the player base.2▬Ink, just how long has this game been in alpha state?3▬Please continue to post YOUR stories NA PLAYERS as the Dev's are desperately trying to hide the truth. The Dev's cannot censor our comments here. (they would if they could..♥)4▬Watch these Ukrainian thugs try to down-vote this review with alt accounts (I will delete and submit new review when they try)5▬I will keep you posted on further developments as they occur and will ensure this review is kept updated.6▬ I thought they took down the Iron Curtain?============================CONCLUSION = BEAUTIFUL GAME BUT UGLY DEV BEHAVIORCensorship reflects a society's lack of confidence in itself. DEVS...you have 2 ears and 1 mouth for a reason...START LISTENING AND STOP MODERATING.Apparently over 100 000 game copies have been sold yet the server rarely exceeds 500 players...hmmRumor has it that the DEV is running out of money!"
76561197991377081,Not Recommended,311310,25719468,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Ant,"I Loved this game, and the potential it HAD. Unfortunately due to what I'll be outlining below, I STRONGLY recommend avoiding this game.===GENERAL GAMEPLAY AND COMBAT===The combat, sounds and ships in battle are authentic and enjoyable. However with a lack of players it's extremely hard to find worthwhile fights against anyone or anything except AI ships, unless you're in one of the few large clans. This game has no place for the casual player, another thing the developers refuse to address.Outside of a clan your experience levelling will simply be that of sailing to a port, getting a mission, fighting an AI ship, rinse and repeat hundreds of times. This huge GRIND has meant the game lost alot of potential players, very little has been added or even mentioned to address this.===GRAPHICS===The game is visually stunning on occasion, every ship looks top-notch and the weather system can make for some absolutely beautiful scenes. However the game's graphics engine is poorly optimized, you'll run into performance issues during large battles on even the best of computers.The UI is extremely barebones and quite frankly very unappealing to look at, outlined changes to the appearance have been delayed with no ETA.====DEVELOPERS===The developers have ruined an absolute jewel in this niche genre. They are far too stubborn and childish to admit their faults and correct them despite negative feedback from the playerbase.Constructive criticism on the game's forums is NOT welcome.Before you buy this game, being that the game is still in early access, you really do need to know the true nature of this development team. These developers have purposefuly removed planned features and content out of spite due to negative patch feedback, for those who would say I'm lying, here's ONE example:Taken from the first admin post on this page:http://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/15485-patch-993-bucentaure-acceleration-rework-and-many-other-things/page-8""We worked very hard this month and your comment offended my programmers and artists (makers of Bucentaure and Santa Cecilia).I changed my mind and trading xp will never get implemented until release because of your comments. I am not joking.We focus on making happy customers happier. Half empty pessimists are not our market""If you don't like or wish to voice your concerned opinion on certain features or are simply unhappy with certain aspects of the game, you are completely disregarded and not welcome, even though you paid for the game like everybody else. Those with constructive criticism are branded ""half empty pessimists"" or ""trolls"" and that's only if you choose to brave the vocal minorty of privileged ""testers"" who'll defend the developers to the ends of the earth on the forums.Another situation came about because the developers decided to add a feature called the ""pray button"" in their monthly ""content"" patch, players logged into the game, with no information in the patch notes as to what the pray button did, leading people to speculate on the forums, because people were speculating wrongly, the developers called these players trolls and called for them to be banned.""Please report players who are spreading the rumors.Mods are requested to ban players who consistently troll unsuspected players by lying or misinforming them about the features they know nothing about.Captains who think they can troll devs  in patchnotes or other players in help chats have come to the wrong forum. We respect players and demand the same in return. Players who show no respect will be removed from here.""http://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/15862-patch-994-alliances-new-ships-new-features/page-15Again, scroll down to the first admin post on the page.===FALSE STEAM REVIEWS - DEVELOPER BRIBERY===The developers have openly suggested more positive steam reviews will result in more content, attempting to bribe their playerbase and leading to a misrepresentation of the true opinions of this game, here are a few examples:""To celebrate the increase in the steam ratings 4 ships will be added to the game as event ships.""""If ratings continue to grow we will try hard to add more ships before release. We need your support to make the game better. Please go to Steam and rate the game if you have not done so. Thank you for all the generous support!""Active and former players are afraid to leave negative steam reviews, fearing that it might impact the development of the game for the worse.===""CONTENT""===If you, like me, see ""content"" as new things to see and do in the gameworld, this game is NOT for you. The development team see bugfixes and tweaks to meaningless aspects of the game as ""content"". You will be dissapointed month after month from the lack of new content in the ""monthly content patches""Another direct quote from the developers on the forums:""We are a small team so everything new we add is content. Fixes and new perks IS content. We are too old to adjust our views for someone who has a different idea on what content is. You are probably spoiled by some magical developer.""This game is due for full release on just a few months. There's barely been anything worthwhile added to the game in terms of content other than the small amount of new ships and fishing. When fishing was introduced, player numbers made a slight resurgance, recently with dissapointment after dissapointment with each coming patch, player numbers are plummeting again, the top and only relevant server eu pvp 1 is rapidly becoming an empty, barren, wasteland.Important promised features just didn't appear, pirates have been abandoned in terms of promised features, port battles are still floating towers, despite a promised overhaul MONTHS ago. NOTHING of true substance has been added in terms of content, these features now have ""no ETA"" as we head towards release.===PLAYERBASE===The playerbase is PLUMMETING, you need only check a website displaying steam stats to have this proven correct directly infront of your eyes, this is a direct result of everything I've mentioned above. This game once had servers full every night, nowadays if you're anywhere other than outside capitals or with a clan you'll struggle to find your fellow players, because there aren't many left.Despite this the small remaining community you will find are mostly very friendly.http://steamcharts.com/app/311310===MICROTRANSACTIONS===They are on their way in the form of ""premium ships"" special ships you can't get your hands on unless you buy them in addition to the already expensive game. As a game with a large pvp element, I don't need to tell you how detrimental this will be to the balance of the already unbalanced game. Special ships exclusive to ""testers"" and ""moderators"" are also under consideration.""Premium ships are not rumors and they were discussed extensively before.""http://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/6451-are-premium-ships-rumors-real/page-1?hl=premium%20ships===SUMMARY===To summarise this game's ""open world"" is a large lobby in which you sail around, with a huge lack of content and players, the developers are unwilling to listen to criticism or admit to their mistakes. Naval Action is going down like the Titanic, avoid at all costs.AVOID.----------------------------------------------------------UPDATEAfter the developers of this game flagged my review as ""off topic"" and ""abusive"" they were reported to steam. Steam took a look at the evidence I provided them and read my review, they decided the review was NOT ""off topic"" or ""abusive"" and removed the flag and censorship put in place by the developers, thank-you to steam, and those of you with kind comments."
76561198024522185,Not Recommended,311310,32367890,Posted: 12 June,all,Capt Hunter,"The game gas completely changed for the worse sadly as the last patch wasn't too bad overall.This review is to protect the new buyer. I was going to wait till release to give both the developers and the buying public a fair shake as an alpha can change so dramatically between patches which is normal. Well, the last patch went too far and I feel is too punishing and makes the game near impossible for the new players. The videos on you-tube showcasing what the game was are basically history except for the select few who can inject a big part of their daily life into the game.- New players have no tutorial and the game is not yet user friendly (UI).The trade system will list items in ports 2 hours away (real life) but wont show current stock(0). Many new players waste time learning an archaic system where it's the guys who log on after daily maintenance to grab the good stuff for the day.- Starting from 0 gold it is now a punishing grind up the ladder to buy exorbitantly priced cannons-per cannon that are much too expensive. New players dont have the knowledge to try and learn the trade aspect and are forced to grind dozens of boring basic cutter missions to afford guns for the next cannon grade/ or the next ship. ( Which they can lose in 1 battle).- PVP server NPC ship capture removed. Only the contents are lootable(usually very low end loot).Player ships are capturable only. Even if you have max craft level you wont sail anything larger than a frigate as they put a pvp mark(s) grindwall up achievable by only large clans when they take a port via battle. Solo/small groupers left in cold. To get anywhere this has become a clan game.- It takes exorbitant amount of time invested daily to make progress in the game - gathering the materials for a ship is a group effort now. Time invested to make yourself useful to where a big clan would want to bring you to port battles so you eventually get the marks for a permit to be able to build one lineship (with all of those collected resources) - that can be lost in a single battle. Then back to square one.- Pve server changes are not conducive to group play.  Missions by rank (level) are now locked by ship rate. Part of the fun was being able to bring a 2nd rate to a frigate fleet engagement with a buddy. Now you can't. Also the supporting AI fleet ships have been removed from the player's side in fleet missions, forcing you and your buddy to now fight an entire enemy fleet unsupported in same tier ships.I think most people are ok with some grind - it's just gotten to the point it's much too steep and people who cant submit many consecutive daily hours will likely not see any ships of the line; they will be locked out of the good stuff (naval fleet combat) that this beautiful game offers.For those spending 40 US it is a shame and I think i'd want to be warned myself. However, there is an arena game being released soon for those with limited time - however (until the next patch?) the open world alpha version is at the moment for the hardcore gamer."
76561198007216853,Not Recommended,311310,23427067,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Scriboergosum,"Short version:- Progress on the game is painfully slow, most updates add nothing new, but just adjust combat variables and even that is done seemingly carelessly.- It's a timesink, heavily discouraging casual play. However, dedicated players aren't really rewarded since the game lacks features in a bad way.- Combat system currently heavily favours attackers, leaving PvP servers as gank or be ganked.- The game is bleeding active players. The last two months has seen the game's biggest server go from a daily peak population of almost 2500 players to less than 1000, even with a smaller server being merged into the big one. This means little to no community for many factions, as the players are spread out over 7 different nations plus 1 pirate faction.Bit longer version:The game definitely has potential, and in the hands of a bigger company/more productive developers, I think this would turn out very well. Having spent hundreds of hours on the game over several months, I don't think that will happen, unfortunately.It's still very bare bones. There is little other to do than battle, and while the battle mechanics are quite fun, the game is open world  and generally set up in a way that makes it seem very dull and empty when battle is the only fleshed out part.On the face of it, that's not a problem, though. This is after all Early Access, so you don't expect a full game. I do expect progress, however, and in the 2 months I've played the game, the only new 'feature' to be introduced was the ability to enter ports belonging to other nations as a smuggler, and from what I can read on forums, that is in fact all they've managed to add in about half a year.The rest of their effort seems to be spent fiddling with damage, armour, penetration and other battle-related details, often messing things up immensely. A good example was a change to leaks that meant a light frigate could just ram a huge ship-of-the-line and that alone would sink the massive hulk in less than a minute.It's also a time sink like nothing else I've ever played. You need hours to do anything interesting, as just travelling to and from a mission will often take more than half an hour on its own, especially if the wind is against you. You spend so much time doing absolutely nothing, but even then you can't actually let the game idle, as the wind changes and you'll have to adjust your course or you have to look out for enemy ships.Speaking of enemy ships, combat very badly handled and I see no reason to expect the devs will change the current system. Combat occurs not in the Open World map, but in an instance, so to speak. The relevant players are removed from the Open World map and placed in a separate combat map. Other players not dragged in from the beginning can reinforce the battle, but only for a couple of minutes, then the combat is closed until it ends. This means jumping lone players with a group of ships will basically ensure an easy kill, since there simply isn't time for help to arrive. Ganking is the way to go in this game.I could go on, but I've already wasted enough time on this game, hoping it would live up to its potential. It doesn't now and I have no reason whatsoever to think it ever will."
76561198000727484,Not Recommended,311310,31101772,Posted: 12 April,all,slaught,"i have over 2000 hours in this game so this review may seem like an oxymoron , however here goes , at first i loved this game , it had everything you could want in a game , having said that , the way it is being developed now , it is being changed into a totally different game.the devs keep changing the goalposts about where they want this game to go and even ban people from their forums that express any kind of dislike about their changes.it has gotten so bad now , that they are offering FREE ships to people that give positive reviews , is this the way you want to play a game ? i for one dont , but i shall leave that decision to you."
,Recommended,311310,20743023,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Azure,"I was skeptical at first, but the game is extremely entertaining. I bought the game two nights ago and already have almost 24 hours logged. I've assaulted two ports alongside massive fleets and levelled my profile to level three. Everything in the game feels solid, from the level up speed to the sense of achievement.The game almost works like Mount and Blade: Warband does in regards to the sailing map. Time is sped up and you can find/initiate battles anywhere in the world. These battles take place in smaller ""instances"" just like M&B.The combat is nice and firing cannons feels and sounds satisfying. Gameplay is very engaging because you can choose what your cannons shoot; cannon balls, chained cannon balls or grapeshot. Each type has a different effect on the target. The ability to play with a clan or friends is very useful for many poeple, but it is also possible to enjoy the game while playing solo (like me).8.7/10 in it's current state, insane amounts of potential that can be harnessed by the devs if they introduce things like better upgrades for ships, more options for traders or even just more ships in general.Note: Do not buy this game if you want literally 24/7 action. The game has an element of simulation to it, so do not expect an arcade experience with constant stimulation. The game requires you to sail and spend time making good decisions.EDIT (70 hours playtime): Since this review has gotten so much attention, I feel like I should update it with more of my thoughts. This game isn't just about getting bigger ships and more gold. It offers a unique sensation you feel when you participate in something bigger than yourself. Seeing the United States chat spam ""USA USA USA"" after every victory is funny, but also simultaneously very thrilling. Accomplishing goals alongside teammates and knowing that you contributed is a special kind of sensation. Most people feel it through organized team sports, but I can also feel it through Naval Action. Only a few games have ever gotten this feeling out of me (Planetside 2 and good ol' Minecraft faction server days to name a couple).TLDR; the satisfaction of teamwork and contributing to your nation's fights is where a lot of the fun comes from in Naval Action, at least for me."
,Not Recommended,311310,32418297,Posted: 14 June,all,Gizbo,"played the game for almost 1000 hours and have seen it go from GOOD to EXCEPTIONAL to BAD. and now under threat of being banned for asking questions on the forum that they dont like.the respect between Dev and players is no longer there and that has lead to things not being fixed because if you tell them it is responded to with disrespect and ban's.Admis posting you're IP in public forum's coz they had a personal issue with sombody and all this has lead to a game where you feel unwelcome to play and paranoid to post what you think could be better under threat of being Banned.i love playing the game as it is no longer easy to get ship's, levels and makes you work hard for what you have but communication need to be handled better, bans have to stop for saying something they dont agree withso with how things are at the moment i would save your money and not buy"
,Recommended,311310,20842864,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,奴隷,"Do you want to be a truck driver? Who drives a truck in the ocean? EXCEPT THE TRUCK IS A BOAT?? With this game you can:Be a ship captain est. 1800'sTest physics by colliding with other objects at high speedsTip over other ships during physics testsTip over YOUR ship during physics tests!Experience the hell that is wind directionTab out of trade runs and end up in the Bermuda Triangle or somethingGroup up and claim enemy ships as prizes!Realize the horror of a player driven economy!eAST??? I THOUGHT YOU SAID WEASTWHERE ARE WEExplore a huge map with many ports to visit!Craft higher quality ships to gain an edge in combat, or sell them for a high profitBecome an economic master, work your way to the top by selling high and buying lowLINDA I HAVEN'T SEEN LAND IN FORTY DAYS I'M SO SCARED"
76561198030325708,Not Recommended,311310,28946050,Posted: 2 January,all,Drunken Spelunking,"In short, don't buy now, wait for the full release and then watch new ""let's play videos"" to see if you like what it's become by that time. I've had a lot of fun playing this game, so not reccomending it is something that I do not take lightly. However, I played it long past the point of it being fun and the fun times that I had with it are a distant, albeit a very fond memory. About a year ago, this game was magical. Its world was new and full of promise and possibilities. Most of the people were new to the game and we were all growing in it and shaping its world together. We were all more or less equal and equally searched for good fights and interesting places. The time I spent progressing through ships was pure magic for me; each time I could man a progressively larger ship was exciting. Each time I managed to sail vast distances and find the place I was looking for was pure satisfaction. Then things changed. Some changes made life easier for people and eliminated certain challenges - such as the grid and coordinate system that made traveling vast distances effortless. Other changes drove people from the game. For me, personally, the biggest change was in the players themselves. The novelty wore off after a few months, and soon there were gank squads (pa)trolling different waters and looking for easy targets while running away from a challenge. Finding fair fights became a chore. Trading became a chore. Crafting became a chore. The game itself became a chore and for a while I treated it as such. I would log in, do my trading run or mission grind to raise funds, buy some resources, do some crafting, escape a gank squad, and log off... lather, rinse, repeat... My hope is that the game can offer the same magical feeling to people that I once had about it when it is released and its beautiful world is wiped clean of filth that we the players filled it with over time. My hope is that new players come and learn from those of us who loved this game and watched that love die a slow and agonizing death. My hope is that this game thrives in the future and that new players flock to it and don't forget that this is a game, a distraction from the real world and the real drama, and that in this game the main objective is to have fun, interract with people, and to challenge yourself to some great times on the seas. As of right now, though, all of that is largely missing from the game, and all that remains from the once great pasttime is a grind and endless stream of disappointment. Wait on it, but do not hold your breath."
,Not Recommended,311310,30503440,Posted: 14 March,all,zxzc77 [Sparky],The devs ban people who think differently.The devs ban people who give negative reviews.The devs use alt accounts to down vote negative reviews and upvote positive ones.The devs constantly introduce things the players don't want.The devs are horrible people who do not deserve your money until they ♥♥♥♥ing grow up.
76561198006970727,Not Recommended,311310,23711675,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Cragger,"Would I recommend buying this game at this time? NoI will keep it short and to the point. This game has one of the best and most accurate to date naval combat simulations.The problem is that since leaving combat test which was more MOAB style and the implementation of the 'open world' that combat is now gated behind a barely functional open world that is now depopulated, has huge exploitable mechanics loopholes, lacks content, and has a unrewarding and too fast paced realm vs. realm.You will spend hours and hours searched for PvP only to have 99% of them run away and you in turn running away from the 5 to 1 gank squadrons. Depicting an open world of the age of sail this game does not do well. As an example my 1,000 plus hours of having the game running I have maybe at best 50 hours of PvP combat. The rest was sailing and watching something else or chasing players that didn't want to fight without their gank squadron friends even when they still overmatched me.So while I have no regrets on the money I spent on the game and got my enjoyment out of it when the game had a more viable population, the current state of the game, the gating of what the game does well being behind a broken open world, and the lack of progress in development makes me unable to recommend to another to spend money on it. I can't even recommend buying it as an investment to the concept because it doesn't seem like the proceeds have been directed back into Naval Action in the slightest. While their studio is currently working on a new Ultimate General title."
76561198279508661,Not Recommended,311310,32572226,Posted: 19 June,all,DrZoidberg,"Before u buy this game!This game should be one of the best. The sea battle is superior in it. The problem is the developers. They stick to the long OS sailing time from the first time. The OS sailing is fun at first, but after a while it became really boring. If u want PVP, trade, or stg enjoyable thing, u have to do 1/2-3 hour meaningless, no action sailing (in one direction without any effort).  Most of the players left because of this, who has real life, just left. At start the game had like 4-5 K active player, forum was spammed with this problem, but as with other problems devs just dont make any attention about it. So player base gone. After recognizing that thier game just fail (see steam charts), the developers turned to another way. Nowdays only just two player type can enjoy the game, one is who dont have IRL, second is who has double character (for double money). The mechanics just support the double character cross nation actions, like fake port battles, what is a cheat imo. If u have double character, u can do fake port flips, and u can get free conquest mark, what is the most valuable thing in the game. When i posted it on forum, developers just kicked me form forum, and my post was deleted. Thats the way this game goes. Just decide if it worth to u...."
,Recommended,311310,20741274,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Laslen,"Disclaimer: This review is coming from a former EVE Online player, so my perspective regarding what is and is not a complex game might be somewhat warped. I see another game with a huge amount of potential that could turn into something great -- and in a lot of ways it reminds me of old EVE. I hope Naval Action doesn't squander that potential.This is not a complex game.I know, judging from a number of reviews on here, you might assume this is a complicated and convoluted game. It is not. Please do not let these opinions discourage you from trying this game -- It is very close to exceptional.I can see how some people might be intimidated with how the game appears upon initially starting it up. However, if you stick with it, you'll learn it very quickly. There is also an in-game ""Help"" channel that is quite useful, and many YouTube tutorial videos at your disposal. Personally, I was able to teach myself the game in less than two hours without using videos. I did search the forums for a couple things, but I was able to find answers fairly easily.1. Is this game worth $40?Yes, I believe it is. When you consider the amount of content already, considering it is an early access MMO, it certainly justifies the price tag. I come from a generation very much accustomed to paying $15 monthly for MMO access, so one in the sub-$60 range and without subscription fees is quite welcome. I do understand the reluctance to pay into an unfinished game, but that's a whole other discussion entirely.2. Do you have to like naval ships/trading in order to enjoy this game?No, not at all. In fact, I am more of a third-person shooter, survival, and sci-fi gamer. It's actually caused me to start reading about old ships and sailing when I never have before.3. Are you saying this game is like Eve Online? I played that game and it sucked.No. This game is a lot more engagingly interactive. The combat is action-packed, and very intense. It has none of the bad qualities of Eve.There's more I could say, but I think you should really just try it. I ended up keeping it, and I'm glad I did."
,Not Recommended,311310,31832766,Posted: 18 May,all,PATRICKMANDEFENDEROFBIKINIBOTTOM,"Patch 10.2Naval action, naval trading, naval everything. Beautiful ships and lots of features being added during EA. It's an open world game and is considered realistic. It is very time consuming and while bugs are minimal - the overall feel of the game is positive but mostly negative.ShipsThere is a decent variety in ships and every ship has it's own characteristics (speed, look, cannons,...). This way you can look for your own 'playstyle' and choose a ship accordingly. Every ship has 1-durability so a general rule here; don't sail what you can't afford!Ship crafting is one of the next things the game has to offer. Unfortunately it's severely limited because of multiple features, requiring you to obtain multiple marks, resources and LH.  The new wood types diversify the ships being made but they seem to be rather limited because of realistic spawn.TradeYou can be a trader, kill pirates or be a pirate. You can also discover the world of naval action. It's a very big open world; if you want to travel somewhere it does require you quite some time to get there. Average travel time is about 2-5 minutes to a nearby port / mission. Going further will go up to 15-30 minutes at least. That being said: as a trader you'll have to travel a lot. Trading is mostly an AFK OW sailing experience with one route being 30-60 IRL minutes of sailing.The biggest pro here: the economy leans more towards player driven economy. Anyone can make a profit with a variety of goods and every player NEEDS a basic supply of goods to craft any ship (you can't solo). You can obtain a building for resources but you can't produce everything you need on your own. Joining a clan is highly recommended.StarterAs a starting player you'll start in a small cutter and you'll have to do basic PvE missions; and buying new ships + cannons + crew is pretty expensive. If you're not in a big clan and can take NA as a 'second job' (time consumption) you're in for a game full of PvE missions and AFK trade sailing. You'll never see the big ships unless you wait for X months until some kind of supply is rolling in. There's no real tutorial or anything so you need advice from other players at some point. Beware for gankers (PvP) as they seem to be everywhere. I can't recommend NA for starters in the current meta; only if you have friends in-game or join a clan from the start.Battle aspectAs a fighter you are able to experience the best of naval action. Manual sailing is required to obtain advantages over your opponent. A good strategist wins every single time. From the sound of your crew to the sound of your cannons and the cloud being created by a single broadside. It's beautiful and you will enjoy it very much. You can do PvE orders, PvP and Port Battles (strategic PvP). Imo it becomes quite repetitive over time; especially the PvE content. PvP is one of the few things left which is really exciting.Port battles are a more organized PvP experience; fight for a port to obtain it for your nation. Unfortunately ports can only be fought 25v25 - mostly only accessible by the most elite players. Joining a smaller nation might make you able to PB. Currently most ports are being captured and most nations are near each other's borders. Only a few ports will flip so don't expect to PB and earn conquest marks any time soon.Every ship also has ship knowledge; to obtain additional stats for your ship (extra reload speed, sailing speed,...). See it as; if you're an experienced captain with a certain ship you have more experience in a certain area (not a grind...). It's a good 'tutorial' for any ship - it requires you to actually play with a ship for numerous hours. This will let less popular ships also be captained (which wasn't before). Each battle has a timer of 1h30minutes - on average a battle takes 15-30 minutes; bigger battles 30+ minutes.Nations, ServersThere are 8 nations and 3 servers (Global, EU and PvE) which you can choose from and the biggest difference is their nation goods and the location. As for the servers; Global has no locked PB timerswhile EU does. Unfortunately you'll notice a lot of imbalance (due to overpopulation in one nation, underpopulation in the other). This will make the choice of nation very important; ask before you join and start playing.Early AccessThis game is in EA state; meaning nothing is finished and everything is subject to change (including everything described in my review and others). You WILL notice bugs and flaws - but those seem to be rather limited. Overall the game feels 'finished'; there are a lot of features to experience already and they most likely work properly. Expect wipes; they do not intend to wipe earned XP and craft XP (only assets; money, ships,...).VerdictNaval action is playable - but has it's flaws. For any casual gamer out there the game is not worth it; sailing requires a LOT of time and even fighting. That being said: if you can't afford to play it numerous hours (on average 2-4 hours straight) it isn't really worth it. It's very time consuming and you can't just AFK in the middle of nowhere, you need to watch enemy ships and have a logout timer. Population numbers seem to be pretty decent: EU has 800-1000 players while Global seems to hit at max 600.My daily gameplay of NA: AFK trade sailing (NA and chill - YT) and repeatedly doing the same PvE missions (for ship knowledge, possible loot) over and over again to obtain gold. I'm not having fun; which is what a game should stand for, right?  For those who dislike the time consumption; there's a NA arena styled game coming this summer, without open world. It will probably offer the best NA has to offer: the battle aspect (and only that). I'm a small clan, lower pop. nation player: so this is where most starting players might start as well. Current meta is all about restrictions which isn't positive towards casual gamers.PROBeautiful game in the age of sailing. Overall the game looks great (graphics),The battle aspect of NA is superior to any other game out there. It's realistic, detailed and requires skill. Pvp is very enjoyable if you know how to sail.Open world: the open world is very big. The map and sailing is rather realistic.Variety in ships, cannons and trade goods.Numerous detailed features: fishing, shipwrecks, marks, trade tool, buildings, perks, ship unlocks,...Player driven economy.CONEA: it has flaws and bugs, stay away if you don't like unfinished games. NA is subject to change in EVERY aspect (you might not like the 'new' game).Economy broken: NA is in need of a serious Naval Trading patch on multiple features to support a 1-dura economy.Very time consuming: sailing takes a couple of minutes, fighting takes a couple of minutes... It feels like a 'second job' and requires you to hardcore game to experience NA to it's fullest.imbalanced population: 8 nations and multiple servers. Especially smaller nations are suffering in numerous ways.Basic UI: work in progress.Instanced battles: it's not actually an open world; fights are instanced battles.Restriction meta: Especially high-end content is severely limited due to multiple features. That's what the patch intended but imo it's too severe. Sailing low-tier ships is the new meta. Mid-tier ships (frigates) become available after an extended amount of missions/trading and if you can craft furnishings, which limits mid-tier ship crafting severely. Mid-tier ships will allow you to PvP and earn way more $.% wise, NA would be 35% positive, 65% negative . Leave a comment if you have any questions (+ extra info).Work in progress:Content Plan"
76561197971632180,Not Recommended,311310,30261603,Posted: 1 March,all,Daguse,"With just shy of 600 hours in game, I can tell you the game is fun and has a solid structure.  However they have some very glaring issues that need to be resolved before I can recommend the game or even return to playing it. As well I held off writing this review for months in hopes that the devs would fix these issues.Before I continue, you need to understand that most players join the in game nation that they reside in. US joins US, Brits join the Brits, Spanish to Spain, and so on.1st, RvR (primary endgame content) is locked out between the hours of 9pm est and 3am est. This means if you are a US based player that does not log in till after 9pm est, you are not allowed to participate in any RvR port battles at all.2nd, Due to the RvR system, Port Battles can take place during time that are not optimal for a faction. Ie. Attacks by US nation just prior to the lock out at 8pm est is very early in the morning for defending nations. Or other nations attacking the US in the middle of the work day.These two issues have created friction between nations and players both in game and on the forums. US/AUS players are upset that they are unable to play end game content during their prime time. And non-US/AUS players are upset that port battles can take place during their night.Due to the size of the player base, Avg around 450 to peak of under 900 players online and the large map, regional servers are not really an option. (don’t be fooled by the NA server, it is mostly dead and still follows the same Lock Out rules above.)In addition to these issues, the devs of the game, have been mostly silent on the issue. The last they said is that they are thinking about reverting back to an old mechanic of Port Timers. However this mechanic left the game with very similar issues. Ports can only be attacked during the defending nation's prime time. So US/AUS players are unable to attack EU ports and EU players are unable to attack US/AUS ports.Outside of these issues, the game is overall fun, again the game is overall fun!Pros:FUN!, Who doesn’t want to captain a ship during the great age of sail?Combat is a blast, well designed and in depth, solid damage models and does not feel arcady.Graphics/Smooth Gameplay: Graphics, yeah they are not the best. The game runs on unity, however the graphics look good for a game that runs as well as it does in early access.Sea gals!Cons:The aforementioned Port Battle mechanic, IE. end game is broken.The Open World is empty. Aside from a few NPCs, that don’t attack you (devs said they will change that), there is not much to do in open world. Most development has been on PVP. So if you are looking for PVE, hold off.Pro & Con:This stuff is good and bad both at the same time.The trading mechanic is solid and can be fun. However it barely if at all impacts the game. Ships and good ships can be built simply by having the correct buildings in the correct ports. No need to trade with friendly/non-friendly ports.Crafting as well has a solid base, however needs to be flushed out. Crafting can be done by anyone and everyone so being an expert crafter doesn’t really feel special. If you have the mats, you can build just about any ship.Diplomacy, again, solid base but needs to be worked on. You are either allied with a nation or at not. Being at war is the same as not allied, you can attack them, they can attack you. War means nothing.Community, the community can be an awesome group of guys or a really whiny pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ They are highly opinionated and passionate about their play style, I’ve seen (and sad to say partaken in) several all out brawls on the forms. That being said, I know some really awesome guys from both inside and outside of my alliance. And without naming names, they have a top notch RP player that adds a lot of depth to the game.In short, the game is fun and has a LOT of promise, however it also has some broken mechanics that means I can not play the game as intended. Till those are fixed, I can not recommend the game.Note, the devs have said they hope to come out of Early Access soon. Once done I’ll definitely be revisiting and updating my review then.*****UP DATE*********So devs just openly attacked US players. Many players are not happy and leaving the game.http://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/19383-conquest-windows-being-added-to-solve-night-flips-feedback-thread-heavily-moderated/&do=findComment&comment=381260"
76561198082359498,Not Recommended,311310,28435011,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,An Intellectual,"Lmao what a joke this game has become. Instead of listening to the majority of players, they decide to listen to the crying minority and have completely destroyed their game. Why sail in the open world when you can just teleport? Sometimes I forget the game is called Naval Teleportation, silly me. Want to craft a ship? Well now you have to find extra stuff that only comes from certain areas, good luck finding it. Looking for a game with tons of interaction in the open world? Well it ain't here. This game is basically like staring at spreadsheets all day. There's nothing to look at but numbers. But what about the battles, you ask? HAHAHAHA yea right. Nobody battles. If they can't attack you and out number you 10 to 1, they'll just hide in a port all day. And like I said, why sail anywhere when you just teleport. Like I said, it's a spreadsheet game.All in all, if you're one of those players that like to kill a completely perfect game because it's ""too hard"" then I highly recommend this game. They will listen to you complain. 10/10 best clicking simulator ever."
76561198014307719,Recommended,311310,20697464,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,LeChuck,"This game is like a hardcore version of sid meier's pirates, we have manual sailing available (we can control independently the sails at the front and rear of the ship to take advantage of the wind) , no indicator showing where we are on the map, we have to rely on our compass and landmarks, wind has much effect on the sails, we have to adjust our cannon's angle manually correctly to hit at the right distance, take into consideration how the ship is swaying due to the waves and also waves can stop our shots.Hitting a ship trying to flee at long range is a bit of a challenge when we are new but it feels very rewarding when we finally manage to place that shot.Ships can be capsized and the game world is huge.I also like that we don't have some weird magical abilities like in many games with naval battles.Trading and crafting are in game at the moment but they need more content and polishing I think.And finally the ships look gorgeous. I want to experience and hopefully own every one of those beautiful ships."
,Not Recommended,311310,29820955,Posted: 10 February,all,boguspuddle,"So far this is what I think:The good bits...Great combat and realistic age of sail battle gameplay.The graphics.The helpful community (very small).The bad bits....Travel in game just simply takes way too long, and I mean WAY too long. Crossing 25% of the map one way your are looking at an hour at least if the wind is in your favour.Crafting system way too convoluted, especially when coupled with sailing time of picking stuff up and moving to a ship yard.Small development team which at times appear not to care about the people who have helped pay their bills :) - a read through their forums would show this.The UIs are awful, basic and completely uninspiring.Very low population that has shrunk over the last year. On the main PVP1 server I see an average of 250 online.It would seem to me that they have written this game in Unity 3D. It looks like they have made extensive use of teh asset market. i.e. they have brought the water, the tools for making land, the models of the ships and a number of other things and thrown them together with a combat system which is why (IMHO) bug fixing and reactive maintenance is taking them too long.  There are bugs that were reported over a year ago (look at forums) that have not been addressed at all.I really have thought that this game, that does on the face of it, have some wonderdul potential and fills a niche quite nicely will unfortunately never actually make it to general release.  Judging by sales it looks like the cow has already been milked, another reason I worry that the game will never reach final release.If I were you I would wait until general release to see if it happens. Only buy if you have the money to waste and fully understand that you will be getting something that has plenty of bugs, is not finished at all and have plenty of spare time to put in.So I really cannot recommend this game."
76561198026450599,Recommended,311310,24598046,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sarversauce,"I bought this game last February, my friends who played PotbS got into it hot and heavy, we started a clan, and enjoyed the naval combat for many hours.I have over 580 hours in this game, all prior to the major Port/land update.  Since then I've had zero desire to play.Here's why:Firstly, some of the bugs were annoying, it was an Alpha build, so no biggie, I knew the updates were coming to fix those things, so I took time off to wait.Since then I have seen all the updates and patches and fixes. I can say that I really like this Dev team. They know what they are doing as far as code and art, and all other facets of software development. What I don't like is where they are going with the game.  They're adding perks and skills to the game, thus making it go the way of Pirates of the burning Sea. That is an excercise in failure. Skills, changes, and Nerfs destroyed that game, also the fail econ and the Pay to Win implementation.  This game is gorgeous! However, they're taking it down an ugly road in it's development.When we first started the game it was slow combat, as all Tall Ship combat was. Adding skills and Perks is going to take away the nature of the combat and make it a Button Skill game.  Not OK.Other reasons I left this game:  Each player is forced into a Faction. - You can not simply roam the high seas as you wish.No Pirate Heavens.Port Battles - Turning out to be exactly like PotbS. The game devolves into having to fight for ports.  Which REALLY sucks if you're Pirate, because all the nations just gang up on you until they need your help, then they backstab you anyway.Ship Speeds: These were previously broken. Where an SOL would go over 8kts. Then players can add fittings, rigging etc. to increase this speed even more.  This is game breaking, they fixed it at some point, but ships the size of the Constitution were too fast and could chase down smaller, faster ships. (Not sure if they will attempt to reign in the insane speeds of the larger ships at some point, but it's not OK that ships of great size would go over 13kts for the time period, regardless of fittings and such.Pirates can't enter ""Neutral"" ports labeled as such, but Nationals can. - HUH? Seems quite dumb to me.There's no Reputation system.  - At the time I played Pirates could only enter Nation's ports if they had a Letter of Marque. Otherwise, you were simply denied the ability by the game mechanics. The problem with that was you had to go INTO the port to get the Letter...  Have they fixed this? Or implemented those mechanics all the way?They allow fittings on ships that improve performance in some way, some of them have drawbacks, which is fine. However, players can not fully customize their ships. Players, (especially painful for Pirates) can not change what their cannon load outs are. EVERY single Cannon in the game has a Class assigned to it, and every ship is allowed a specific range of allowed Gun Classes.  There needs to be more customization. At the time I stopped playing it felt like people desperately wanted to fit a Square Peg into a Round Hole. We asked for the ability to more customize our ships. I don't think they're going to bother with that at this point.Port Water depth: I understand that with Physics being a factor in game design, players need to be able to enter ports. Period.I don't care what port it is.  Obviously HUGE ships like SOLs couldn't enter shallow water ports, but other ships could. In the game, even now, most ships have a problem with collision with the bottom.  IT'S ANNOYING AF!! You can get ganked because the bottom stopped you dead in the water inches from the port, or you can't enter the port at all.  The problem with this mechanic is that it's like this for EVERY SHIP. Not just ships of great size.  Even if you can outrun potential gankers, you should still be able to enter a port.No In-Game map tools. OK, this was cool at first, but when grouping up with others, it's a PITA. ""Hey, where are you?"" Is the question of the day if you're not in the same port as others.The game does NOT mark you on the map, not even a crude approximation based on your navigation. Nope. Nothing.It's cool, but not practical.  At some point they need to implement tools to do this, make it a ""Crew Perk"" or Officer talent or something. Otherwise, you'll spend 3 hours sailing from Cuba to the South Eastern part of the map. Don't get lost!People would log out because they would get frustrated at sitting in front of their computer for 3 hours... DOING NOTHING.(You couldn't set your ship to sail by itself because the server would log you out after 30 minutes bcause you're AFK. - which is dumb, because your ship is moving.) Not sure if they fixed this.I would recommend this game over every other Naval combat game on the market, because right now, it's the best of what we've got on the market.   (Still hoping that if they're going to add real physics to the game, they won't keep adding skills based on buttons to press on your keyboard, true ship customization, and Pirate Havens. Because that's what I'd do.)"
,Not Recommended,311310,32791978,Posted: 25 June,all,Doxi the Dutchy,"I bought this game the moment it became public on steam and have 171,5 hours put into it.171,5 hours of privateering for the republic, partaking in massive linesailing battles, manuevering through the enemy's line and decimating their fleet.I loved playing this game, it felt just right. You had to put some work in to get somewhere in the world, but there were multiple playstyles for everybody. You could craft your own ship, of if trading and crafting ain't your thing, you could try and capture the enemy's ships.That's gone: Now you can only craft ships or get enough money to buy someone else's crafted ship, and we've made sure to make the latter one more expensive aswell.Another problem I have: The game wiped all stats in the previous patch. This wasn't much of a problem to me cause several ships would be gifted after implementation, depending on rank, so that you could go right back into the game.Right back into the gameLet that sink in for a minuteBecause the patch also implemented a system where you have to buy or craft every single cannon each, which is expensive as hell. The gifted ships didn't come with any cannons at all, and you weren't given nearly enough money to properly crew- and cannon them. So to get more money, it's off to a lower tier with you where you can afford to outfit a ship. Right back into the game my @$$I could air a lot more grievances with this last patch, but I can't be bothered anymore. I loved this game to its core when it was playable, but now the devs have absolutely sh*t the bed and so far have shown no intention- nor capability to turn it back, but one man can hope.TL;DR: Game used to be pure joy, now it's an unplayable grindfest where you have only one option to progress instead of the freedom that it used to give."
76561198007778621,Recommended,311310,20870794,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ironically simple,"At the time of this review i had put 100 hours into his game in 1 week after launch on steam. Its's a damn good game and certainly has the potential to be a very good MMO.  Let me start with the positives of this game, Keep in mind this is still in alpha.1. PvP is great. Battles can go on for 1 hour 30min, however, they dont feel like that at all. machanics are all there and keeps you intrested in the battle all the way to the end. Oh, fleet size pvp can get as big as 25 vs 25.2. Visuals are also very good, swaying over the waves as you try aiming at other countrys ships to sink it. priceless.3. Port Battles. Allthough port battles are still in develpment atm its still a joy to join up with other people from your selected nation to go capture ports from your enemys.4. A good selection of nations to pick from.5. Arr, matey, thar be ye booty!  (Be a Pirate)6. Crafting. Its still in its infancy but there is enough there atm to keep you preoccupied, although it still needs alot of work done to it.7. Board and raid other ships. destroy enemy sails with 'chain shot' then whittle down the enemy crew with 'Grape' board the ship than take the loot and ship as a prize.Now some stuff that is in the Gray zone, this stuff is a good idea but still needs alot of work in my eyes:1. The economy. As it stands at the point of writing this review in a alpha build, the economy is broken. There are some people that have got a monopoly on some of the goods and its very hard to get hold of some of the 'goods' to build ships. so the prices of ship building are very high and you will most likely loose any sort of profit. That said i have heard that its ok on other servers but some of the ship crafting needs to be tweeked to balance things.2. 'Durabilty'. On ships you get something called durabilty. These are effectually your lives. rate 7-5 ships have 5 dura (lifes) then rate 4-1 ships you get one less life per rate.  For me personally i would like to only see 1 life per ship but alot of people will disagree with me.3. Small ships are pretty useless and are used as a 'stepping stone' to get the next Rate ship. I would like to find a way so small ships are used later on in game.4. The map/ Open sea, Its well big. it fits in well with the game and how its done. you have to work out what direction to sail from your compuss and it can & will take hours to get to where you want to go. Its how it should be, however, its a bit boring for the eye. I do believe that they are planning to add things like storms and damage to your ships, etc... this will make it alot more dynamicNow to the bad things in this current Alpha build:1. UI is crap! its only a few blue boxes with text.2. Its very hard to just pick up the game and start playing it if your new, There is nothing to help you apart from the ingame chat.3. Missions are extremely repetitive yet they are one of the best ways to get exp and money.4. Feel the grind! The first few days i thought that the exp gain was to fast, however, that changed once i got rank 1st Lt. It takes bloody ages to grind exp and it really is quite painful.5. Current lack of content. There really isnt much in the game atm, howevewr, it is only alpha and i do know some very exciting things are going to be added and alot of rebalancing is going to happen.6. Trading is still very poor. This will get better over time but as it stands there really is not much point as it takes along time to get to port to port.This is what i have made of the game so far from me playing it. For an Alpha stage game it really is solid and well done. If you can keep in mind that its Alpha then alot of the bugs/ balancing issues/ lack of content can be forgiven. there are somethings that i personally need to be changed but everyone is differant.I would suggest you watch a few streams of gameplay and ask lots of questions before buying it, i did, this will give you a better idea if you would like the game or not.one of the best buys i have done for awhile, My £30 was worth every penny.For an Alpha i give it a   ---- 9/10 ----"
76561198007575649,Not Recommended,311310,30549539,Posted: 16 March,all,Zack1024,dont bother playing....   its got 5 devs that have taken a year to do nothing in ways of actual development.   The also dont respond well to critism on their forums and give you bans for doing so.
,Recommended,311310,20961638,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Overdrive Notso,"Game is very bare-bones right now. Not much to do but fight NPCs, fight players, craft ships and trade. Would recommend the game, but it is very niche. Reminds me of EVE in several ways."
,Not Recommended,311310,25577900,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BillDog500,"Overall, this is a great game and CAN BE so much fun. The mechanics of it all and the visuals, and even the PvP play can be fun. In all fairness, it is very well done.Over time, there has become a massive imbalance with nation populations. Pirates, although not really a ""nation"" have a vast majority of the players and ports making it nearly impossible to play this game without getting ""ganged up on"" every time you start to sail - and that is if you can even leave your port!When I first started the game many months ago, the balance of nations was much more even. There was plenty of PvP, but you could also sail and play your game without the Pirate Nation taking you down.I have seen other comments about Naval Action that contain similar issues, and who get smack talked by other players being defensive (who are likely ones playing on the pirate side, making their points pretty much irrelevant). This has been MY experience with the game. If others find it a blast to get ganked every time they play, good for them. I don't. I need time in the game to build my ships and money so I actually have resources to PvP with!I'd say if you are going to play this game, you may find it really hard to make any progress unless you become a pirate, and then, this just adds more pirates to the game which is what is making it less fun for a regular player. Perhaps I'll come back to this game after it goes ""live"" and see if you can actually play the game without getting jumped at every turn. PvP isn't fun when you bring a handgun to a fight and the enemy has 20 machine guns."
,Not Recommended,311310,21567929,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Loncaros,"Update June 2017Game ""relaunched"" with an asset wipe late May, so the game got a fresh start with around 1100 people online during peak (less than half of what the game had on its first EA launch in january 2016).Multiaccount Crossteaming is rampant, game admin is unwilling to address the issue at all.Cheaters win in this game. Do not play. Do not buy.END UPDATEI am not going to review the game itself, as it's far too early for this, but I'm going to review how the ""Early Access"" of this game is being handled.It clearly states on Early Acces that you can get involved with this game as it develops. This couldn't be further from the truth. Every major decision is already set in stone, pretermined by polls from early backers. There is pretty much no Developer interaction - the only known Developer admin is hardly posting at all on either the Steam or the official forum.There is no dialogue about future game mechanic changes. Giant threads of people remarkably unhappy about design decisions made in the past being broken (such as pirates not being a nation like the other 7 but very different from them) are just growing without any official word being taken into account. If a poll like the pirate mechanics vote has the overwhelming majority of 71% against pirates capturing ports, and hundreds of replies in it, it really can't be without a dev response at all.There was a response, but you had to watch a certain twitch stream doing a Q&A session (not advertised on the forum) with an audience of 50 viewers. Not the way to do it.There has been a single blog like post since the EA Launch six weeks ago, talking about upcoming features. One.If you want information, you need to befriend moderators who are also close to the dev team, who will then feed you information that is generally kept secret so far - such as the very near economy wipe and the new economy system - e.g. Steel Sandwich on the official forum. I've received far more information that turned out to be true at this point from this hush hush source than I've received by following the developer announcement posts.Another issue is that it is marketed as a sandbox, when that also isn't correct. There is one way to advance: sink enemy ships. Other gameplay mechanics might be in place, but they do not advance your character whatsoever. Also, they're designed in a way that you can't do them as long as you want, as you will run out of a finite, non-replenishable resource and have to wait for it to grow back - as if this was Farmville, not a full price game. Admin is also completely mute on this subject, making many economy players wonder if this game is even for them, despite it clearly being marketed as a sandbox.This is not an Early Access game, this is basically a gofundme campaign where the developer asked for pre-purchases so he can keep developing the game that he wants. You're not paying to have your opinion heard about the game, you're not paying to help design it, you're paying to be an Alpha Tester for a game that is already finished on the whiteboard. I don't know whether that game will actually be good, because he's also pretty quiet on that subject.I do not believe this to be in the spirit of Early Access, therefore I am not recommending it.As to how that could change: Communication can't be a one way street. The developers need to actively engage the community. Information is key. Share your roadmap. We're left in the dark what's happening within the next four weeks at this point."
76561197971342716,Not Recommended,311310,32134820,Posted: 2 June,all,Viper,"Used to play this game for looooong hours. Used to.I had to make a job-related pause for some months and was looking forward for the mega-patch.Sorry, but how can you ♥♥♥♥ UP a game within a few months so hard? How, I don´t get it.Got some redeemables after the wipe and well, screw it. You get frigates but can´t use them because you lack guns. Those have now to be bought one by one. So, max. ranked back to basic cutter and do some missions. Basicly you must do those annyoing missions to get your guns. One mission is about the amount of money you need for ONE gun. Have fun doing this about 44 times. In a basic cutter. ♥♥♥♥ off...As soon as you can buy guns, the new logic system kicks in. You have 23 and need 24 but can´t buy any more? Sorry bro, you may not load the 23 guns onto that ship and sail with 23. No, you must have 24. Go cutter one more time dude.NPCs can no longer be boarded. Are you kidding? Why are they even there then? Oh well, to loot some inferior ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t loot you don´t need and, of course, to grind money again.Any ship above tier 5. You need PVP marks for them... yea, nice, but I don´t have time to get those, as I have to make a living and go to work. And if you go hunting and lose your ship, back to cutter again. No more loads for lower tier ships.In the end, if you are not one of the most active people of high progress clans you will never see a ship of the line again, because you won´t be able to afford it or get the marks you need from i.e. port battles.This game had potential to be good. It was downgraded, by ridiculously stupid patches, to a stillbirth. Simple and plain waste of your lifetime!"
,Not Recommended,311310,22301297,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Galtrk,This game has a lot of potential for the gamers that like time sinks. There is no such thing as hoping on and doing a quick mission or pvp battle. To accomplish anything meaniful you need to set aside at least 3-4 hours per session.The OW sailing combined with the rapid change of wind make it painful to get anywhere. Its a whole lot of hurry up and wait and wait some more. The game isn't difficult and the pvp is fun and does require some skill and situational awareness.This is not the game for you if:1) You dont have a lot of time to play2) You are looking for fast action3) You are looking for a story line based gameThis is a game for you if:1) You like sandbox games2)Skill based pvp3)Slow action4)Spending lots of time getting from one place to another with absolutely nothing else to do but afk sail and talk in chatsOverall I started out really enjoying the game because it was fresh and something totally different. But after a month of playing I have decided to uninstall this game.
76561197989248413,Not Recommended,311310,34457524,Posted: 24 August,all,irR4tiOn4L,"Do not buy.I have played this game for hundreds of hours. In that time I have seen the devs again and again abuse casual players with awful changes to make the game:1) More unbalanced towards small nations and non guild players;2) More unforgiving, rewarding for gankers and griefers and less accessible to any players not willing to waste hundreds of hours playing boring gameplay;3) Less realistic, less rewarding, less viable content;4) More encouraging of griefers, gankers and a toxic community in general.In particular, you will not enjoy:1) A map that is too large and literally takes hours to move between points of interest, while being very empty;2) The griefers, gankers, ""PVP"" players with nothing better to do than to go ruin other people's day, and one of the worst and most toxic communities I have ever seen;3) The broken economy, devs trying to discourage you or anyone from being able to use and own larger ships, forced participation in very boring activities such as sailing for hours from port to port trading commodities for very little money or collecting useless resources for boring crafting just to get a decent ship;4) Unforgiving, unrewarding and regressive gameplay that only rewards players for ganging up on people and ruining their day and gives you no space or possibility to simply enjoy the game free from the plague of other players;5) Terrible mission structure, lack of content and lack of anything to do apart from prey on other players when they are just getting on their feet or grinding to get even a decent basic ship;6) Awful PVP gameplay that is centred around abuse of overpowered boarding mechanics which cannot be properly countered, especially for new players, and which punish anyone who isnt constantly sailing in a guild and reward guilds sailing out to gang up on single lone players; and7) Stupid, incompetent, lazy and regressive development team who are worsening, instead of improving, the game and who show no signs of being able to correct this rotten wreck of a ship.DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT buy this game unless you:1) Intend to play only the PVE aspect on a PVE server (but beware there is very little to actually do in PVE as there is no real functional map AI that attacks you);2) Are used to awful MMO's such as Eve and other horribly regressive games, with this being even worse and more unrewarding;3) Do not mind constant frustration and losing your ship to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, overpowered mechanics and 'upgrades' that you cannot buy unless you invest hundreds of hours into the game;4) Boring, repetitive and non meaningful gameplay with hundreds of players doing nothing at all useful or fun;5) A tiny and shrinking community, with just a few hundred players on to fill a map that takes 5-10 hours or more in real time to cross;6) Do not mind losing any and every ship as soon as you are sunk, with no option but to go grind hours and hours to get anywhere near a similar ship again. There is no defence to this short of always sailing in a group of players - you will lose ships again and again and again ad nauseum. The game used to have a 'durability' aspect so that most ships had 5 'lives', but the developers have chosen to be 'hardcore' (read, do not understand what fun gameplay is) and have removed all such 'lives' so as to 'encourage' people to build ships or sail smaller ships. In other words, the developers want to keep you from sailing any of the larger, fun ships and want to punish you enormously when you lose one, making the game pointless after just a few dozen hours (since the effort of re-acquiring such ships after being ganked, only to be ganked again, is not worth it)On the plus side, the game has enormous potential and I initially fell in love with it a year or more ago (before a lot of repressive and regressive changes and lack of development effort). This is because:1) It has lovely combat and sailing mechanics making large battles an absolute joy (but the developers have made the game so 'hardcore' that any such battles are very rare, including by removing the option to simply join a large AI fleet battle);2) It has beautiful graphics and very detailed ship models;3) It is the best sailing simulator I've seen for an age of sail ship combat simulator.That enormous potential is, however, sadly not realised in the final product and the game's development shows no sign of this abating.This potential may be realised in future through an 'arena' type game ala World of Tanks, but this is likely to be a seperate game.Stear well clear until the developers improve their attitude and start seriously improving the game."
76561198327471611,Not Recommended,311310,29998883,Posted: 17 February,all,navalaction123,"When you first see the game it looks amazing.  That is the best feeling you will have about this game because it is downhill from there. The game lacks the contact to keep people playing.  When you try to bring it to the Devs attention on the forums you are treated badly.    Recently the public asked the Devs to fix a ship that was broken, the reply was that they would put up a kickstarter for more money and if the kickstarter when high enough they would fix it."
76561198024009802,Not Recommended,311310,29949200,Posted: 15 February,all,Pyrodysseus,"I want to love this game. The actual combat is amazing, the ships are beautiful, open world is very detailed and well thought out.However, just now, off doing missions on my own, and out of nowhere, in the middle of a mission, 6 Dutch players, with all of their extra ships drop in and gank me. Because for some stupid ♥♥♥♥ing reason, the devs decided that players can get ganked in PRIVATE ♥♥♥♥ING MISSIONS. So no.. at this point in time, I don't advise buying it because it's a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥show of poor planning and dumb ideas being implemented by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s intent of forcing pvp on you all the time, instead of leaving it to specific instances."
,Not Recommended,311310,32377251,Posted: 12 June,all,Aster,"Naval action has alot of great things. The combat is pretty good, ship models are nice, the economy could do with a bit of work but its not bad.Naval action is not a casual players game. Trade routes can take you many hours of real life sailing to get between ports. Making  money isnt hard it just takes a ton of time something a casual player cant afford to spend.My biggest gripe is the use of Alt accounts. Alt accounts have so many problems its ridiculous, and very little is done to deal with them. Alt accounts range from crafting alts, a account you use for its labor hours to make things faster. Also pirates cant build some ships i assume the devs want to make the factions have special ships. So pirates simply use alt accounts to make the ships then give them to their main account. This totally breaks special factions.To combat/farming alts. The devs locked larger ship blueprints behind pvp/ conquest point walls that you need to unlock then pay per ship. So for a normal player if you spend 10 hours you may get a few kills and enough pvp marks to buy 1 ship permit. While someone with a few alts will simply farm them on cooldown for a few hours and have more pvp points then you know what to do with.  Combat alts aka boxing is where you run multiple windows of naval action and use them to bring multiple fleets to battle. This gives you a massive combat advantage if you couldnt tell. Some people will send an alt into a port battle (a 25v25 fight over an area of the map) to screw over one side.Alt accounts are the biggest issue in this game in my opinion and as many pointed out its unlikely that the devs will do anything about it. I dont see any way to add anything to the factions as long as alt accounts continue to be this rampant. So untill the devs take a stance on alt accounts i vote no."
76561198066746468,Not Recommended,311310,25564442,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Sunleader,One Word Unplayabale.The Griefer Crowd Finally Won the Devs over.And if you start the Game and leave the Port. You are often instantly Attacked right in sight of that Port. By 5-6 Enemies each Driving a Faster and Stronger Ship than you got.And not even allowing Allied Players to Help. And without even getting NPC Reinforcements to at least get some Support.Hence unless your going around with a PvP Ganking Group you can just as well not Play the Game
76561198084687916,Not Recommended,311310,32010268,Posted: 27 May,all,Takeda Shingen,"This game is not fun anymore, feels like a job that rewards you with nothing."
,Not Recommended,311310,23428205,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,[DEIM] Nalyd,"I have almost 1000h on this game and I greatly enjoyed it for the first few months and I gave a positive review of that game at that time despite it having many issues, but that's to be expected from an early access game.Sadly, I won't support Naval Action any further because of the path it's taking.The problem is that this game is currently making a very sharp turn towards realism while casting the gameplay and the fun aside. The devs don't seem to realize that while being beautiful, the age of sail was also plain boring and dull for a lot of sailors, and by making the game more ""realistic"" they are also making it boring.Currently, at least half of your time in this game will be spent traveling around to get where the fun is at instead of ""having fun"".Do you remember those moment at the amusement park where you're waiting in queue for an hour and a half just to be able to get on a ride for about 10 minutes ? That's how you'll feel while playing this game.Now the true question is, are those 10 minutes worth waiting for 1h30 ? I would have said yes a few weeks ago.But they are currently working on scraping the remaining bits of fun i had by trying to add more limitations in the name of ""realism"".It's to the point where I wonder why this game is called ""Naval ACTION"" instead of ""Age of sail manager 2016"""
76561198015992362,Not Recommended,311310,22508144,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Snackbar,"Was a great game at first.Ultimately I don't think it's a good buy unless you are fine buying a game you know you will quit playing once you max out (if you survive the grind).Theres nothing to do at max rank/crafting and the port battle system is completely broken and pointless.  The game is a grind. That's really all there is to do except open world pvp.Chat moderation is seriously over the top. I got chat banned for telling someone to get a life who was bullying another guy in chat. The bully never had anything happen to them of course. The whole problem is that mods are actual players in each community. Yes, actual players. As you can imagine, this leads to clear bias when it comes to moderation. Not to mention the oppressive soviet esque rules. Oh by the way, a chat ban means you can't use chat AT ALL for 7 days. This means you can't even talk to your clan mates or people in private messages.Doing anything takes a REALLY long time. Unless you have 3 hrs + to play each day, this game may be too much of a time investment. It takes a long time to travel anywhere and any instant transit has a 4 hour cooldown. Sailing to a single mission will take 10-20 minutes and completing a single mission can take anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour and a half. The average mission probably takes about 30 minutes, add in travel time and you're looking at 45 minutes to complete a single mission.The game is bleeding players. Probably due to things I have already mentioned.May be worth checking out in a 6 months to a year if they loosen up on the chat rules, remove restrictions on open world pvp, fix the conquest system, and add some content."
76561198013393849,Not Recommended,311310,32280406,Posted: 8 June,all,traem,"Grind, grind, grind, and oh yeah grind some more. Oh but wait if your not in a major clan guess what???? All that grinding will get you no end game gear or ships!! And if you do get gear. All that hard work grinding can taken away and it will be cuz guess what pvp is a must! no pvp no gear. no clan no gear or good high end ships.This game was great i loved it. But for whatever reason the devs have gone full blown retard. If you do get this you have been warned and you have many many hours of doing the same crap over and over again.If they do a rollback and fix this god awful mess i might change my review until then do not buy."
76561198227217156,Not Recommended,311310,30329911,Posted: 4 March,all,Janjira,"I found that Naval Action after much promise failed to deliver on my expectations.  The UI is my biggest complaint.  The openworld feels very much like a map and takes away from the feeling of sailing.  The battles are good, but after about ~50 hours I grew bored and progressing is a grind of traveling the open world.  The community is excellent.  The sounds and graphics of the battles are excellent, but I cant recoment this game based on my experience.  It's far too overpriced."
,Not Recommended,311310,34158772,Posted: 10 August,all,ThtCooperFellow,"I do love this game. The realism is wonderful and the graphics (ship models, oceans, hell just the environement) are at times stunning. However I cannot in good consience recommend this game to anyone at the present time. I have 54 hours in and have made seemingly almost no progress. To be fair, divide that in half as it was with two different profiles.That said, the sheer amount of grinding can, and for many will, kill the fun. So until the figure out either a better way for the player to progress without investing every waking second you have outside of work, I gotta say to stay away. The grinding really does need to get dialed back a good bit. At least to me it does."
76561198108466761,Not Recommended,311310,30965066,Posted: 5 April,all,Wilky926,Probably the only decent age of sail ship sim on the market and its ben destroyed by the developers.I really want to see this game succeed but i just cant reccomend it in good faith because its curently on a downward spiral of player/dev hate that it probably wont recover from.
,Not Recommended,311310,29785184,Posted: 8 February,all,SkibDen,"Don't buy it.. It's as simple as that.The game did have A LOT of potentiel and could really have been a game changer, but with the latest development I really don't think it'll ever leave Early Access. Read some of the other negative reviews about the developers..Loads of small 10MB patches with random minor balancing tweaks, instead of fixing the bugs.."
76561198148857236,Not Recommended,311310,30737827,Posted: 25 March,all,rhuff0124,"To make this post short, I have been playing this game for over a year off and on because the game HAD great potential in the beginning. I have been a member of multiple clans in game and have played on both PVP servers. I switched clans only because most of my clanmates quit out of frustration. The Devs do NOT listen to comments or care for suggestions. The fourms has and continues to be a shamble argument between players and admins. I had hoped that after taking a brief break from the game, new updates would change this... that being said, after reading the latest fourm posts, I have decided that the game will probably sit in my steam account unplayed. In te beginning, the server population was large enough to make an enjoyable evening of fighting. That being said, the last time i played, it was a chore to attempt to find PVP, and it became impossible to get into any Port Battles, which is the main aim in the game. I quit some months ago now after a year and would strongly atmit that i would not buy this game in its current state given what i know now."
76561197971702093,Not Recommended,311310,31879569,Posted: 21 May,all,FreakyFish,"First of all: the core gameplay, the actual ship to ship combat, is pretty solid and interesting. Bought the game in early access because friends told me the core was good, and the devs had some good ideas how to make it even better. I played the game for over a hundred hours and mostly enjoyed myself even despite the terribly implemented open world mess and the UI that makes most pre-alpha concept UIs look great. There was a steady stream of (attempted) fixes going on, new ships got added, seemed like the game was on trackSince then, the good ideas seem to have gone way over the horizon, and the developers seem to do nothing other than promise more and more fixes, while the economy is in a rut, new players have no chance whatsoever to get anything done unless they basically pick this game up as a second job, nothing gets added, and the only thing that seems to be going on development wise is some very minor tweaks to numbers on already existing ships and concepts. Basically everything these devs promised beyond the core gameplay has not been realized and most likely never will. For about 18 months now they basically have not done anything to the game, they just took the money and ran away. Since last november they've been claiming a full asset wipe would come to fix some of the most immediate problems, and since then they've been postponing that again and again without so much as an apology or explanation what is going on.2/10 do not recommend, do not waste your money."
,Not Recommended,311310,29608334,Posted: 31 January,all,Hrolfur,"Game ruined by devs and players.It will eventually get fun if you dont have a job and have trouble sleeping for a month or two.Try to ignore the arrogant smart asses on global chat, national chat, trade chat, any chat.Good luck, O7"
76561198006572261,Not Recommended,311310,30562399,Posted: 16 March,all,JAG,"Warning, These Developers Ban Players that Speak up against there game.  They allow others to cheat, exploit in everyway possible but if you talk about it you will be Banned!.You been warned!Devs are against US players they complain about US players in the Forums and call us harsh names.  They side with the Russian and EU players.  Dont buy a dying game!!!!!Admin Personal meltdown link #1http://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/19383-conquest-windows-being-reduced-to-10-hours-to-solve-night-flips-feedback-thread-heavily-moderated/&do=findComment&comment=381260Meltdown Link #2http://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/19383-conquest-windows-being-reduced-to-10-hours-to-solve-night-flips-feedback-thread-heavily-moderated/&do=findComment&comment=381291Meltdown like #3http://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/19383-conquest-windows-being-reduced-to-10-hours-to-solve-night-flips-feedback-thread-heavily-moderated/&do=findComment&comment=381315Meltdown #4http://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/19383-conquest-windows-being-reduced-to-10-hours-to-solve-night-flips-feedback-thread-heavily-moderated/&do=findComment&comment=381328DONT buy any of these guys games"
76561198054438817,Recommended,311310,22041002,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,UberFaja,"My first review! I have roughly 100 hrs into this awesome gem of a SIM/RPG and I am completely satisifed with the resultsPROS-The ocean is magnificent! Storms, swells, waves and even the color of the ocean model is SO realisitc that it reminds me of home.-Open world sand box is AMAZING! You can get lost at sea, travel takes TIME and many of the island chains are WOW!-Combat is WAY kool! What can I say?! Cannons, realtime ship damage etc....CONS-Ports and ships are very generic, they all look the same.-Lacks immersion and little things that could really bring it to life like wildlife, people working on the piers and just being industrious, better ecomony and things for players to enegage in. Music, mini games like poker where we can loose or win ships and or resources, actual boarding game where we can see crew fighting on board etc....- Game gets boing after a bit since it is mostly combat and crafting ships, reminds me of EVE which I have close to 2000+ hours in.So I like what I see so far and I hope the Dev's will continue to polish this gem, I REALLY hope they do, because this has the potential to be phenominal! In fact, would be kool if Stranded Deep was teamed up with these folks to make loosing a ship VERY interesting!Game is still in Alpha and it is worth your time. money and support for this amazing game!"
76561198056527388,Not Recommended,311310,32348611,Posted: 11 June,all,paddypaddy1,all i ever seem to do is grind for gold for hours on end the combat side is excellent but to get a good ship you need gold which means trade that can take up to an hour to get to one port and back with nothing going on in the middle i find my self most of the time in the middle of the sea just watching the screen not doing anything waiting to get to port
76561198043360822,Not Recommended,311310,31231872,Posted: 18 April,all,Wayne Cabbage,"I used to love this game, I played countless hours grinding so I could join my clanmates in port battles, which were quite enjoyable. I participated in the weeks long Aves campaign from the British side, this campaign started as gudfights of ships of the line and degenerated into the enemy yoloing cheap, big ships (Constitutions) into our ships of the line to sink them for minimal effort. This was due to the fact that the devs broke the damage scale for ramming, go figure. That particular update kept many 2nd and 1st rates in ports for some time because people were too scared of losing them to a yolo-ram, and for good reason.The community varies from useful to toxic, most unaffiliated players are toxic, useless, trolls, alt accounts from a player of another nation, or a mix of anything previously stated.Speaking of which, alt account abuse is rampant. Get ready for some sorry neckbeard to ruin your day by doing some dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥in a default ship.I have not played this game again until recently due to news of the upcoming wipe. I am now cautiously returning because I do not wish to invest too much time in a game I am incredibly skeptical about.With all of that said, here are the pros and cons! Notice the effort I put into cons, take that into consideration.Pros:Amazing sailing and combat mechanics - there is no better sailing ship battle game out thereAccurate models and ship handlingCons:The devs are absolute ♥♥♥♥ing mongs and only know how to make extreme decisions. They refuse to make gradual changes to see how things go. Instead they go balls to the wall and completely overhaul some system because 4 people on the forum complained about something.Very slow game to play, get ready to invest a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of time into the game before you get to do anything fun. I didn't have the level to crew a 3rd Rate Ship of the Line until roughly 300 hours in, but I did take a little bit of a long way to get there.The Pirate Nation is broken - they get all of the benefits of being a nation such as location bonuses to skills, trade, ship building, etc. while retaining the ability to be a massive middle finger to anything and everything. Get ready to have your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ christened by a big ol group of pirates, because it's going to happen, a lot."
,Recommended,311310,21589019,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Moonpile,"One night I got jumped by several members of a nation we were at war with, all in ships that out classed mine.  I tried to flee, but they chained my sails an ultimately sank me.  I'd like to think I got a few licks in though.  I re-spawned to find they were also attacking a port nearby where I had an outpost, so now, with only the ""basic cutter"", I sneaked back into the port where my outpost was, loaded up a trading vessel with all of my crafted items and resources (more than enough to make another ship!) and sneaked out.  My enemies caught up with me but I was able to flee the battle in my trader and get back to my nation's capital with my treasures.  It was a heart pounding hour or more of play, even though I was on the losing side of the one fight.  Now I'm out in a bigger better ship looking for some revenge.I've never really played more than a few minutes of an MMO before, and I was intrigued by this game's theme of Age of Sail combat.  I've been drawn in by the player-vs-player politics and fighting.  The battles are wonderfully rendered and the thunder of cannons, haze of smoke, and thrill of victory really bring the Age of Sail alive."
76561198002167085,Recommended,311310,20756935,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Falesh,"I've been playing this the last couple of days and I really enjoy it. I've been doing a lot of trading as well as fighting and both are great fun. I really like the lack of minimap or any indication of your whereabouts so you have to navigate the hard way. The combat is very fun and skill based, no tab target or homing shots, only manually aimed cannons with the shot arcing so you have to aim up. It is also open world PvP where anyone other then your own nation can attack you at any time.For a game that has just released as Early Access on Steam it is amazing!"
,Recommended,311310,20718416,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Peregrine,"Keyword: Hardcore.Remember the first time you played DayZ and you had no idea where to go or what to do, died a bunch of times, but then eventually worked out on your own how to survive, and thrive without a tutorial holding your hand or a map with quest markers all over it?That.But with boats....and no zombies.And a complex crafting system, player run economy, open world and instanced pvp, conquest, pirating, etc, etc, etc..You get it. Just get it.*Just remember it's still Early Access, and all subject to change and possible disappointment."
,Recommended,311310,24978383,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,St0nkingByte,"The first time I saw my cannon balls bounce off an opponent's hull, I knew I was hooked on Naval Action.Naval Action is an Age of Sail naval combat simulator wrapped in an open world MMO. The game is really centered around, and shines as, a combat simulator that requires true skill, strategic thinking, and sound tactics to be successful. Combat is not a twitch fest and really only a small to moderate amount of manual dexterity and precision is required. However with wind, ship, and munition physics well modeled it's a thinking man's game where patience, planning, and a solid understanding of what works and doesn't work is super helpful.The devs have done a brilliant job of laying out a long career path for captains in the game as you start with the smallest Cutter and work your way up. Each successive upgrade helps you develop your skills and become more proficient as a captain without dumping you off the deep end. PvP is amazing and a variety of scenarios are available from dueling, attacking traders, port battles, fleet missions, and individual missions. For those who are adverse to PvP a PvE only server is available that offers a solid player experience without the stress and unpredictability of the PvP environment.On top of all this, the game has a solid economy, trading, crafting, ship building, and most recently inter-nation alliances. The devs are continually improving the game, adding perks, features and new twists while striking a really good balance between being responsive to their player base and keeping the game playable and accessible to all.Another selling point for Naval Action is the community. The community within Naval Action is one of the most welcoming and helpful I have encountered. Most everyone is willing to answer questions from new players and help them out. Many more senior players will keep a low level ship or two in their inventory just so they can sail on missions with newer players, help them learn, and level up.Overall Naval Action is an excellent game that continues to improve over time and is well worth your time if you are interested in the genre."
76561197988013151,Not Recommended,311310,30545555,Posted: 16 March,all,Bobzilla,"Devs keeps saying 1thing then go completely do another . also they are very bias towards certain nations , there forums the same isseu ,speaking in nice words and saying what happens ingame things get deleted under the name racism while no offensive words being used. just speaking about when nation attacks other nations and what would be fair or not for all .its a shame these devs and admins are so corrupt .so many hours in this game and so much potential for this game it just looks like they wana rune it so they can start naval action 2 and get alot more money for doing the least amount of work. they want feedback just not feedback thats not in there view of things better or worse they wont tollurate anything.like exploits need to be found and fixed ingame ,but they only seem to be fixed when everybody knows and uses the exploit ,aslong as there alliance uses those exploits to cheat in ships and modules its all fine. they are just so hypocritical and corrupt i suggest no new players shut buy this game ,even i want this game so succeed so much horrible things are being done by the devs its just not worth it anymore. also new players stil have no good way of finding whats what .its like i said before they wil claim one thing and then a day later they go all the other way just you know they are...."
,Not Recommended,311310,31510512,Posted: 2 May,all,Nyash,"Used to be great fun and i was really hoping this would turn into a great game kinda like a modern potbs, eve with shipsetc , but due to devs being total morons, banning people for expressing dislike with where the game is heading(the ones who's been with the game since the start),giving away free stuff for good reviews etc and contantly change the goals of the development. also asking almost 40 euros for a game that is being played by 100 people and has less content than most f2p games is a disgrace."
76561197980082424,Recommended,311310,26355983,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Ultravis,"There are many people who are giving this game a negative review while logging hundreds of hours in the game.  If this is the case, then they obviously got their money’s worth out of this game.  The development team is small, and it can take a while for the developers to address issues with the game.  If there is something that is bothering you, post it on the forums and if it is game breaking for you, just put the game down for a while.This is an early access game and you should expect changes both good and bad.  Development of a game like this takes time and people seem to want instant gratification.  I have seen the developers make drastic changes that angered the community, and the developers have always been quick to reverse these changes or fix them by another means.  The developers have been addressing people’s issues of things like ganking, which was one of my major criticism of this game, and I feel like they have done a great job of fixing this issue with new rules of engagement.  The developers have also added fleets and port defenses to help protect players in their home waters.  No more ganking players right outside of friendly capitals.This is a niche game that is not for everyone.  The developers strive for as much realism as is possible in a video game which means, combat can take a long time and sailing from place to place can take a long time.  The developers have put a hard cap of 1 hour 30 minutes on each combat instance, and many of my combats have taken the full 1 hour and 30 minutes to complete.  Do not expect to log into this game and jump right into the action like world of warships.  This game is more dynamic and requires you to sail to where the action is.The developers of this game have built an age of sail naval combat game with a vast open world to explore.  This is a sandbox game, and will require you to make your own fun.  This game can be as boring as you want it to be, or as fun as you want it to be.  There is almost always something to do, just ask nation chat or pick up a trading mission or combat mission.  Sailing from place to place can be time consuming, finding other players to fight can be time consuming, sailing from port to port is time consuming.  It can take hours to sail from one place to another.  This is how unbelievably vast the game world is, and I feel like some people take this for granted, but in reality, it’s quite amazing.  The developers built a mini world and you can sail anywhere you want, although if you are in enemy waters, you may get attacked by other players.  Traveling time in this vast open world has been mitigated with the addition of outpost slots, also, you can easily teleport your ship from port to port by capturing a NPC ship and you only need to make the trip in open world once.This is not an instant gratification game.  If you want to be sailing a 1st rate ship of the line, it will take you a long time to achieve this goal.  You will need to gain ranks, you will need to gain money, and you will either have to buy a 1st rate ship of the line from another player or join a clan that will build you one once you can fully crew the ship, or build one yourself.  Accumulating the recourse to build ships is time consuming, but achieving this goal feels very meaningful once accomplished.This game is not a newb friendly game.  Learning how to do things in this game is time consuming and will take you hours of practice to master.  If you are not willing to put in the time and effort to learn this game, and watch youtube tutorials on how to effectively use your ship, than this game is not for you.Happy Sailing!"
,Not Recommended,311310,22918303,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Ted Whi†e,"Concept is good but wont really work, too many nations with a low player base and no way to balance the population will lead to 1-2 weaker nations that will always be be underdogs. Which may lead to players leaving nation, enjoying a 1 port nation or even leaving the game.10-15min to just get to an mission and then 30min-1hr battles(no way to take a break) then 10-15min sail back... This isnt a game for people that have much in their life going, so you really need to spend alot on ya butt just watching the ocean and sails.Untested patches, they do things to the game that can ruin it. Latest patch land ahoy made alot of people leaving the game(either taking a break or just abandoning it). Even tho they say were testing, but tests can break said playtime since everything takes alot of time.I find even EvE online more manageable in playtime than this game.ATM i cant recommend this game, it looks pretty but the dead time is too much compared to any other game ive played.Will edit if anything changes but now im leaving the game until i see some changes.Edit: to add the price is waaaay off, really not worth it when you can get much better for that high price."
76561197999529133,Not Recommended,311310,33722071,Posted: 22 July,all,bwf1975,"I want to like this game, but cannot recommend it as after such a long development time, nothing really has been added apart from tweaks and the game turned into an endless grind.The devs have killed this game, listening to a small portion of the community and making game as hard as possible, and taking any fun out of it.The economy in game is dead due to player only driven economy, which would be great, but a handful of players that do play means that you can never sell you goods, and selling means selling your good to players spamming cheap buy contracts for less than it costs you to harvest you resources or made products.Pro's.-good looking game with great combat-thats it.Con's.-Economy is dead due to devs constant tweaking to make this worse grind than a chinese mmo.-Bugs,bugs,bugs and more bugs, that will never be fixed dispite many bug reports sent.-Terrible ui.-No chance for new players to get anywhere, way too hardcore. Caters for handful of players, ignoring masses with devs spending a year tweaking to make game impossible for solo players.Please for the love of god, save your money DO NOT pay £30 for this game that has been destroyed by incomptetent devs that do not care for the players lining there pockets.Game is dead to devs now turning there head to another game production, abandoned this game with tweaks all that will happen in future."
,Not Recommended,311310,28612219,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,UnitedSupremacy,"I do not recommend this game, the game has not seen any good updates in a while. The servers are dying and it's nothing like it used to be."
,Recommended,311310,21115435,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Nocturnal,"Ever since this game came to steam i have not touched my other games. i have so much fun sailing around to ports finding the best prices on goods then taking them to a port alot of players are at and selling them for twice the amount then taking the profits to craft beautiful ships and selling those for 4X Profit!! Also run in fleets to take ports from others and gank players that never saw us coming!  but lets talk about the pros and cons.Pros--------1)Game has many ways to play it(Trade,Fight,Steal,Build)2)Very immersive(while in battle things are very realistic)3)Active devs looking to better there game taking all criticism and suggestions and really trying to make the game we all want to play.Cons-------1)Price(yes its expensive. I do feel i got my moneys worth and then some though)2)No Tutorial(you will find yourself on youtube and in the chat asking for help ALOT)3)The UI (its ugly but a placeholder)Essentially its up to what kinda games you like to play. Did you enjoy Elite Dangerous? You will likely enjoy this game. There will be a steeeeeeeep learning curve but after you get a feel for the controls you will be Tacking into the wind and firing beautiful broadsides in no time."
76561198342175569,Not Recommended,311310,34127449,Posted: 9 August,all,Centenario,"Naval Failure.The main problem with this game is the developers themselves. They add things in that do absolutely nothing to solve the core issues. The community is dying with only about 1000 players across all 3 servers and they refuse to merge them together into one for unknown reasons. Player retention is also horrible. They claim they have sold over 130,000 copies and only 1000 people still actively play... Yikes. Conquest is boring and stale and requires so much effort that no one really even bothers to do it anymore. The only fun aspect of the game is pvp in the open world and they have done nothing to improve that for months. AVOID this game for now and maybe check out Naval Action Legends when they release that."
76561198011533101,Not Recommended,311310,25862364,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Wash2,Toxic Devs who abuse and threaten players. AVOID!
,Not Recommended,311310,32942405,Posted: 28 June,all,♥ Rebecca ♥,"Naval Action is a naval war game set in the era where sail ships was all we had, setting the stage for one of the most reckless, but visually stunning eras of warfare to ever exist. The intricate detail that was put into the design of the ships paid off, and they look perfect. The game looks and feels smooth when played, as well as feeling very realistic. Naval Action takes the depth of command a step further than games such as World of Warships, Napoleon: Total War and Empire: Total War - with reference to their Naval battles, making players take into account windspeed, positioning, damage, gun crews etc. There are a lot of factors that you must keep an eye on. You don’t get any voice over or warning to tell you that your hull is breached like you do in other games, or that your crew is dead. You have to look out for this, as well as navigate your ship and fight the enemy. It sounds like a lot, but it is not impossible, and I like the challenge. For me, the battles are the only enjoyable part of the game though, and I can’t help but feel the developers have wasted their time with everything else that they did.In Naval Action, you spend a lot of time in the open world, where you must assume command of your ship and navigate it from your whereabouts to your desired location. This is done by using a map with grid coordinates on it. However, you must deduct your location on the map yourself (using nearby ports or coastal outlines), and monitor it carefully, because there is no marker displaying your location. Neither can you set a waypoint to the place you’re going. This is much more realistic in its approach to navigation, but for someone like me who is bad at maths and map reading, it makes the game too much like hard work, and takes a way a lot of the enjoyment.You can spend a long time sailing around looking for battles or missions in which you hope you might be able to use your ship and progress in the game, which all seems such as waste of time. The game would do well to remove that and just implement a matchmaking system, obviously keeping the battles as they are. I just don’t see there is any need for the open world. The ports that you can travel to are all models on the map, and to enter them you must go through a loading screen which takes you to the interface, so it is not like, say, Assassins Creed Black Flag, where you could actually explore the ports. I would much prefer it if they did something like implement this open world map into single player, but let you explore it and even take over other nations ports/settlements, almost like Total War or Warband, but just…better.The open world has a different perspective with the camera than the battle does. The only way I can describe it is the open world, in terms of controlling and viewing, feels like Mount and Blade campaigns, and the battles, in terms of controlling and viewing, feel like World of Warships. The game does a better job on both counts, but uses it badly. If they’d give us the open world in single player and let us explore it from the second perspective I described, it would be fun. If you look at the images of the game on the Steam Store, the close-up shots are taken from battles (HUD removed) and the distant shots (Also distinguishable by the worse graphical quality) are taken from the open world, again, without HUD. I hope this clears up my point a little.My next point is the interface. I do not know what they were thinking with this. I had to watch a surprising number of videos to just learn the basics of this game – it is too open ended and hard to understand. There are no tutorials in the game, and nothing is obvious. The interface looks messy, and lacks any form of professionalism. It is just confusing. I was clicking on random things and trying to drag random things and…ugh. It was just annoying.Overall, I can’t give this game more than a 3/10. I do like the concept, but it didn’t turn out like the trailers and teasers would have you believe. If it had…it would have been perfect. It is really a shame, because it was a beautiful idea, and one of the best eras to set a game in. This sort of game is rare, and the developers didn’t do a very good job with bringing it to the spotlight. I paid full price for this, like an idiot. Please, take my advice and don’t do that. In no way can they demand £30 for this. World of Warships is free, and Napoleon + Empire: Total War can be purchased for about £30. If you want terrible Naval gameplay, get those. Otherwise, get World of Warships. Just don’t get this. Trust me."
76561198012017193,Not Recommended,311310,28904264,Posted: 1 January,all,Zwajo,"had such potential to be EVE in pirate times... well it is... all the toxic players the ganking/griefing, and general douchbagery that make up the worst parts of EVE are all there... the downside is none of the pro's are...the grind to get into anything is idiotically long and painful for no real reason other than trying to prolong the time before the player realizes what a collosal waste of time the game it.The economy and trade is basically nonexistant... its a lobby pvp game with a real pretty lobby (the ""open"" world).   Just can't recomend it right now, maybe it will get better but for now don't bother."
76561198121698253,Not Recommended,311310,28106052,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,bmlsc,"First off, the graphics in this game are fantastic as is the combat engine.  I love the ship to ship combat and the feel of sailing these vessels.  I have put many hours into this game and I have made many friends as I have with most mmo's.Naval Action may still  be in early(late )development but I am still going to give it a negative review.   The last consecutive patches have changed this from an incredibly fun and captivating game, into a boring waste of time.  This has led to an increasing decline in the server  popluations which consequently makes the game even more boring.The developers seem to lack direction or a unified vision and this can be seen in radical shifts in the changes they have attempted with regards to both PvP and crafting in the latest patches.  You are left unsure of whether they intend this to be a game or a simulator.  Feedback from the players(testers) is often discouraged unless it's positive.Unless there is a major change in the development of this game, I predict it will end up in the boneyard of games that had promise but failed.  I would not recommend buying this game until it has made it to its official final release and has had some success."
76561198031027498,Not Recommended,311310,23409110,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,VistsJohn1,"This game looks like it will go in the direction of bleed the player for all the money you can get.  Developers are not listening yo the people who paid to play the beta, but are making changes that completly change the way the games play to prepare to charge for everything.  Have to wait see if the player response cntinues to be ignored.  Until then, avoid."
76561198004175206,Not Recommended,311310,32727851,Posted: 24 June,all,extricate,"This game simply is not fun. The gameplay is tedious, you spent ages doing nothing basically to get someplace. There is no tutorial whatsoever, thus you are left with having to figure out everything by yourself.They try to mimic realism, but by doing so they have created nothing more than a beautiful moving interactive wallpaper. And sadly, it's nothing more than that."
76561198073132882,Not Recommended,311310,33935428,Posted: 31 July,all,Backstab,Killed by 'DEVELOPMENT' Until they sort the current issues DO NOT BUY!!It is a shame I have to advise you to save your money but this game on paper is perfect for me however the last few updates/changes have ruined the community and the game.
76561198124433022,Recommended,311310,20743397,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Edeek5000,"Never heard of this game.Buy it anyways.27 hours logged in three days.10/10 Frigging love it to piecesGreat community, Awesome game can't wait to see what it will become."
,Recommended,311310,21011306,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,람보,"A fantastic sailing sim set in the 1800's. Get lost in both the immersive world and at sea because you don't remember where that mission was!This game offers a lot despite it's Early Access status. You can:1. Sail around the Southern US, Carribbean, parts of South America, and more.2. Join the world renowned navies of the 1800's, such as the British, French, Spanish, Pirates and more.3. Join PvP or PvE servers depending on your preferences.4. Get lost at sea for half a month and hope that you'll find some sort of land.5. Trade between many different cities and ports, and be chased mercilessly by pirates.Overall, it's a fantastic game with great mechanics and physics. It's very easy to sink some time into."
76561198032651953,Not Recommended,311310,20668280,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,CasuallyLaxed,"I cant recomend this for any Aus/Nz players as there is no servers for us unless you dont mind playing with 400+ ping. Other then that the battles seemed pretty fun, will try it again if they add asian/aus servers."
76561197979586872,Not Recommended,311310,30209674,Posted: 26 February,all,Vix,"Bad UI , not enough content."
76561198002801289,Recommended,311310,21760754,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Enronhitman,Flipped over a frig with my cutter.10/10Pro:1) Eve online with sailboats with actual polished combat no (Point and Click).2) Devs care3) Awesome community but a little on the drunk pirate side.Cons:1) UI is being worked on. It is a little weird.2) Need more immersive elements (My opinion)Cheers..
,Recommended,311310,24700835,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Pad Seayew [FNF],"THE only realistic, engrossing, enthralling ship combat game straddling the Napoleonic era.  Worth the price for the combat alone, but plenty of other player-driven content to occupy your time - crafting, trading, exploring.Not for the twitchy, impatient gamer.  But even if you don't like the crafting side, you can do missions, earn plenty of Gold to buy a ship that suits your new rank...And it's fun to be along for the ride with a small but attentive development team that cares about making a game that is faithful to the era, to history.  Expect changes often to the game in patches, and have fun!"
,Not Recommended,311310,35117870,Posted: 21 September,all,Halloween,"This game is too difficult to get into for someone new, especially if you don't have anyone to play with. Every update makes it more difficult (I've tried it a couple times over the last couple years). The developers are working on a new game that will be free to play using the World of Tanks model using the combat from this game. I'd just wait for that one.Existing players will mock you if you complain about the difficulty of entry all the while they complain their game is dying."
76561198315964375,Not Recommended,311310,33554087,Posted: 15 July,all,ari_110,"Devs killed the game, they seams to have lost their path over a year ago, and all attempt to fix game made it worst and worst, more grindy, more like a job, horrible mechanics,   time sink activities.They even arrived to claim   that , the game never aim to be fun.         Wich is a nonsense.Combat is good, everything else is horrible,"
76561198041080074,Recommended,311310,20964670,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,raoun,If that was the official game I would say its a great game.For an alpha release It's quite impressive!!Keep up the good work you guys!
76561198000760310,Recommended,311310,20779639,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Octavium,"As of 1/26/2016, understand that what you're buying into is a very Alpha-build game. Most of the menus and port screens arent built up with graphics (Literally just a solid blue background with solid navy blue buttons for selections). The leveling progression is very ""figure this♥♥♥♥♥♥out on your own"". Socialisation is difficult with a crowded little chat window that has multiple channels that will probably go ignored by most players. The game almost feels like a simplified version of EvE online.And it's downright amazing.It's just a beautifully crafted game with loads of potential.I'd recommend you pick it up today!"
,Recommended,311310,20934860,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,throws IOException,"Naval Action has supprised me. Although still early in it's development, the game provides an immersive experiance that replicates the neccessity of quick thinking and adaptation to circumstance that pervades naval combat. The ocean is a 'living' being adding chaos to even the most well thought out and well timed turn to broadside the enemy. This chaos complements the commitment combat entails. This is not another simple a random number generator, HP driven fight with boats. This is more a physical recreation of a universe with accurately modelled physics. Combat is not resolved in seconds, nor even minutes. My first duel in the game lasted roughly 15 minutes, on the edge of my seat, hoping for some turn of advantage that would yield me the weather gage (naval advantage) and allow me to force victory.If you want a deeper naval warfare simulation then get this. If you want another arcade game that yields you easily exploited mechanics and detracts from the naval history of the Age of sail, look elsewhere."
76561198028746753,Recommended,311310,20715885,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,happyapilot,"Somehow it all works.. perfectly.A naval simulation that brings the adventures of Horatio Hornblower to life..There is more than meets the eye on this one and it sure looks stunning with great immersive soundsto make naval battles feel like your actually at the helm shouting orders to your crew.. battles are thrilling and exiting and can last quite awhile.. one can join missions and jump into small or big battles or enter the open world map where you can sail the high seas, trade, fight and or get lost ehm i mean explore the vast map.  Everything seems to come together and you can find yourself fending of pirate ships or a french raider, chasing down a dutch trade ship in the hope to capture its cargo and or even the ship itself, everything is possible and the game mechanics they've created just work very well.  If this is a pre-alpha game it blows some premium games right out of the water and it will only get better. Sofar still discovering things after a day or two with this title and having a great adventure on the high seas!This game is easy to get into and would be a blast to play with friends.. its a great naval simulation that shouldn't been missed..after few more hours in the game i have discovered that:Battles can last up to 30+minutes with intense action and lots of smoke where you can almost smell the gunpowder!Battles are more rewarding and fun if you team up and in port you can divide the spoils of war, it also allows you to attack bigger ships off the line when you have greater numbers.for guide hints and tips or even what it is, check out youtube.."
76561198338673068,Not Recommended,311310,34097112,Posted: 7 August,all,2sinister2,"This is a great concept game that is still underdevelopement. Unfortunately it is not geared for the newer player and becomes very discouraging after a few weeks of play. Older players have a huge advantage in the game because they were able to grind out exp when things were easier to do. Every game goes through a bit of grinding to reach End game content, but in this case RVR is the end game and is limited to those that can reach it without getting bored to death of the grind of tradeing or crafting or grinding AI/PVP, all of which take weeks if not months to do. This game is not geared for the casual player and that will probably be the death of the game itself unfortunately.The lack of tutorials is less than impressive if you want to bring in new players and give them a chance to survive in game.It takes multiple accounts to get resources for crafting and you have to craft entire ships which you are limited by the number of ships you can hold and the space in warehouse to put items togehter. Just grinding to get the money to expand the warehouse and ship slots is excessive, as well as the means to produce the resources, expand outpost, harvest resources, Then to have to spend hours of game play doing the 40 missions it takes at a potential 1 and 1/2 hours per battle just to get to this point on one account, its discouraging to say the least.With the release of NA legends i believe this game will loose its player base completely, due to the only thing that is fun about this game is to challenge yourself against other players and if you dont have to spend a weeks worth of play time to get and level up a ship in order to fight someone, and if you loose, your back to square one again. No games on the market that have a large player base have 1 duro, most have an insurance plan where you can get your ship back. This aspect of game is bad for newer players who have spent the hours to get something more than a store bought ship just to have it taken by older more experienced players. the money and hours it takes to get upgrades and that you have to know someone even to be able to get them.The lack of national balance in the game and people just jumping nations in order to be on the winning team is very annoying.The Open World PVP battle mechanics is easily exploited by experienced players making it hard for newer players to get established in game.I WOULD STRONGLY SUGGEST the devs play the game on global server each day without clan affiliation and see exactly how fun it is and for them to truly see how and why the newer player base will not stay around. Grind up a character all the way to max level while making it a point to get one ship with the best possible upgrades on a few selects ships. Compete with the larger clans for these upgrades. See if its a game for casual players to be able to compete.You are not going to please everyone in the game, but make the game for everyone to be able to enjoy and dont listen to those that say its to easy. Not everyone is as skilled as others. Ive seen alot of design ideas and approaches to things in this game over the past year or so. Get the best of those and decide to make a game that has the ability to expand on that idea."
,Not Recommended,311310,33346585,Posted: 7 July,all,DandyDonkey,"Last patch ruined this game . I could live with the server reset if it wasn't for the excessive increase of the grind factor. I'm done, until the devs realise that they ♥♥♥♥ed up their game."
76561198180752474,Not Recommended,311310,33553874,Posted: 15 July,all,bluezgame21183,"Devs killed this game       , rvr is dead, ow is ♥♥♥♥ up.  each time the game get worst and worst, on top of this devs are censoring any bad comment on their forums,  they ask for feedback but when they not get what they  where hopinf for they tell you are wrong and to ♥♥♥♥ off and that they gonna do it anyway.Rules have double standards, when something happens to a certain clan/nation (where they play as well btw) all get punished istantly,  when something happens to their enemy in game, strangely nothing happens., thread get locked and all end there.Mods are just♥♥♥♥♥lickers made for coveringt up stuff, and censor any bad comments that not please the devs.Devs even made a 2nd global server, not becouse anyone asked for (community is small and nobody wanted a split)there was only 1 voice wanting this ""split"" , guess who? the same faction where devs play got a problem with the usa community  causing pb in bad timings for them, so that way    they get ridd of them.Of course this ""faction"" is infested by russians and since devs are ucrainian/russian to, you can easly imagine the implications.Sot the game instead have impartial devs, seams more like an unofficial server of utlima online or lineage where devs play in a certain factions and favour certain clans.  Very unprofessional, they should hire ppl for run their pr and community."
,Recommended,311310,24982857,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,The MetaBaron,"First, this game is not for everyone. Its a niche game. You will not be given a story, you must make your own. This is a sandbox PvP game (also PvE but I don't reccomend that). There may be a huge enemy player fleet around that island even in your home waters waiting to sink you, or there may be nothing. Some people complain about the ""grind"" but honestly within a week you can fully crew some excellent ships that are very important and effective in PvP (like the Rattlesnake).This is a slow paced game where you can easily take on a group of more ships in bigger ships if you have the skill. There are upgrades etc.. that help, but at the end of the day one missed broadside, or a badly timed maneuver negates the positive effect of most of them. The combat mechanis are very detailed, with tons of room to micro manage all the while you must manually aim every shot. Sometimes this means a whole broadside into a wave, sometimes it means enough hits below the waterline (leaks) to sink a ship with otherwise full HP.I'll add to this review later, but long story short if you are into this sort of game there is nothing else like it, but again its not for everyone.... which is where the best games come from. The learning curve is steel, but the reward is great. Just get into your nations TS or group up with a clan and more then likely they will be very supporting (at least thats what its like in Sweden)."
76561197993064847,Not Recommended,311310,33368383,Posted: 8 July,all,KoekFabriek,"I have never been an hardcore player of this game, i mostly traded on the PVP server to help out my small clan. I liked to do long trade runs, feeling the tension of getting the cargo safe in the harbor. Earning millions on a run and use that money to help support my (small) clann of PvP players and crafters.  After of the updates around february i stopped playing, i did not like the changes in  how much cargo was weighing and the declining player base.Came back to check the game after the wipe and while some things have improved (trader tool) some things really got worse. Navigation on long runs sucks without coordinates (even a update every 15 min would be great). But even earning good money while trading is very very hard.  The player driven economy just does not work good enough.  I used to play 1 -2 hours a day but to play this game now I need to give up my real world job to sail a ship and have some fun.The game looks great, the battles are fun, the OW and Realm vs. Realm is just not working as it should. I hope the devs can work something out, but to be honest I do not see it happen soon."
76561198358276840,Not Recommended,311310,32374663,Posted: 12 June,all,thomaspfleck,"I love this game.  It has provided me with hours of entertainment.  Having said that, I am very frustrated by the game as of late.  The developers made several changes to the game that force independent players into hours of PvE grinding, at low levels, just to have a hope of being competitive in PvP.  If your goal is fast-paced PvP, I'd have to say this isn't the game for you.  If you are not interested in joining a clan, this isn't the game for you.  If, however, you have a lot of time on your hands and are VERY patient, this game can provide hours of enjoyment.  Overall,  I do not recommend this game."
76561198035851775,Not Recommended,311310,28132370,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SpartanxRage,"This game was alot of fun starting out early in the beging of the year it was new and had alot of potentail, but the game seems like its been going down hill since then, player base has dropped alot as well. Some things i dislike about this game even though it is early access, the devs dont inform the player base very well unlike alot of other early access games or even full games for that matter. Also theres not alot to do besides grinding the game has become kinda stale. This will be the 2nd time the game has bored me to not wanting to play. Last thing im going to say is the game was alot more fun 8 months ago, also had alot of potential but has been dying very slowy. Use to have 5 servers now down to 3 now and soon to be 2 because not enough players. But all in all would not recommend this game at this time.ps. heres also a steam chart for naval action population from month to monthhttp://steamcharts.com/app/311310"
76561197993277237,Recommended,311310,20670380,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Ealdwulf,"Naval Action is a gorgeous game with a lot of potential, some of it front and center and already realised.The game is an interesting mix of gameplay styles. The ship to ship combat is streamlined but deep. Requiring you to not only use the wind to your advantage, but also the waves of the ocean itself. You must navigate successfully, and command your crew to prioritize tasks onboard. All of this culiminating in an epic and tense battle, with the thunder of cannons and smoke filling the air.The gameplay itself harkens back to Pirates! as well as elements that remind me of EVE (massive map, crafting and trading).Players choose a nation to start with, which will determine your starting location (U.S, U.K, Dutch, Sweden, Spain, Denmark & Pirates). Each nation has unique challenges based upon number of ports and geographical location. Interestingly enough I jumped on the French side, and lo-and-behold, most of the players were speaking French!Once you start in your home port you can grab missions from the admiralty and head out to the open sea (which is an absolutely massive map of the Caribbean). Once in open sea you can engage battles that are under way, other players (if you're on a PvP server) or head towards your mission objectives.Eventually you gain gold, experience and promotions. Allowing you to build, buy, or capture better ships.PRO:- Fantastic looking- Authentic Historical ships- Immersive weather and large map- Crafting (seems decent so far)- Tactically deep- Map does not show where you are, requiring you to use visual markers and a compass (I think this could be a PRO or CON)CON:- UI is a bit rough at the moment but is fairly functional- No tutorial on gunnery, crafting or trading- Somewhat steep learning curve- Map does not show where you are, requiring you to use visual markers and a compass (I think this could be a PRO or CON)All in all, the UI is rough but the gameplay is solid. I was extremely skeptical of this title heading in, but after logging a few hours today I can safely say this game is already very fun and once it gets polished and more ships added in, it will be very very good."
,Recommended,311310,20963608,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,8 Kidd 8,"As an early access game, this is the most enjoyable to sail and hunt trader ships, pirates. Also anyone can join the clan to be a member of fleet.For me, interesting Features as PROS:- Reallistic Waves on the sea( You can feel that your ship is floating on water. Not like the others did before )- How Sails working depends on the direction of the wind- Everyday they make improvement for this game- Really(x100) huge open world (almost like real world)CONS:- Lack of UI- Can it be heavy for laptop game player(Probably because of physics)My wishes for this game:- Add some 18th C kinds of classical musics and pictures would be great- release more ships from 17th C and cannon so that make game more diverse on choice of shipsbut as i said this is early access and Alpha so they can add some in near futureOverall, this game is worth 40bucks in my opinion.and i highly recommend playing and being a captain with your crew in late 18th-early 19th century."
,Not Recommended,311310,32385344,Posted: 13 June,all,Aleksandros,"It was originally heading in the right direction, but it has steadily gone on a decline. The developers lost sight of what was important. Seems Age of Sail fans will be going without again, the fans have been greatly ignored, avoid it."
,Not Recommended,311310,30226191,Posted: 27 February,all,DerDonner,played it a bit.PvE is boring!Developers in a nutshell:http://i.imgur.com/d5IcsX1.png
,Not Recommended,311310,34161939,Posted: 10 August,all,Atum The Creator,"Good game visually, but lacks direction for sure. It hasn't made much progress since its launch."
,Not Recommended,311310,23355006,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Tazilon,"I like this game a lot; but I can't recommend it.  Designed to, as accurately as possible, portray the Age of Sail in the Carribean and Gulf of Mexico, the game does that very well.  The devs are working very hard to tweak it, add balance, etc.But authenticity comes at a price.  Unfortunately, the main cost is real time. This is a huge problem for the long term success of a game.  Just going on a simple PvP mission can take an hour or more.  By the time you sail to sea (crap - it's against the wind), get to your marker, conduct the fight, then sail back (crap - against the wind AGAIN), you have just spent 30-60 minuites (or more) in the game.  Seek out a larger PvE battle and the time goes even higher.  PvP battles can be even worse.Any battle can last up to 90 minutes.  That means if you have 60 minutes to play before you go to work, before your next class starts, etc you can't play because you may still be stuck in a battle by the time you must leave.  And even if you get out of the PvP battles, you may well find friends of the enemy waiting for you as you leave - sucking you back into another up to 90 minute battle - sometimes 2-3+ times in a row.For someone with no time constraints, that is fine.  For the majority of players with class, jobs, family, etc, the time cost is too high.Yes, if you can only play a short time you can pursue your crafting skills.  But, it literally takes only 10-15 minutes tops to use up all the labor points you have for the day, so crafting can't fill the short time void very often.  You can also make trade runs, but smart players build their outposts so trade runs are rarely needed; why risk losing one's cargo when one can ship in complete safety using the automated delivery system that entails 0 risk to ship or cargo - and again can be setup in 10-15 minute tops?And that really, is all you can do.  Fight.  Trade. Craft.Even with the most well thought placement of your outposts, getting to an enemy port to raid or try to seige takes a long period of real time - followed by that up to 90 minute fight - or multiple fights back to back.Not only can most players not afford the IRL time sink, many others can't handle the long periods of inaction.You can select Small or Large fleet battles in port and skip the sail out anf back.  This helps a little but the battle can still go on for 90 minutes.I'm not sure what the devs can do to lessen the time drain.  The overall concept of the game is outstanding.  Battles, especially between groups of frigates are great fun.   But the average gamer is going to acknowledge the game's potetntial then move on to other games that offer more fast paced action."
76561198297247136,Not Recommended,311310,31941725,Posted: 24 May,all,Tom Pullings,"The anxiously awaited, feared, dreaded ""Mega-Patch"" has been released.Has it improved the game visually? Does gameplay profit from it? Should you buy this game now, if you have not yet?Visually, the game has not changed; not that I could see, anyway. It still is very pretty to look at. Not at the technical edge, but still pretty, and mostly of high fluency.Under the hood, there have been some changes. Quite a few. Certainly too many to review. Best read the patch notes, if you are interested.If you have though of buying it, in the past but did not, because you were daunted, now's would be a good time, because with the patch all asstets and money were wiped from the existing players' inventories. So a level playing field. I cannot but suspect, that attracting ""new"" buyers into a ""levellerd playingfield"" might have been one of the motivators.That aside, I cannot recommend buying it now. If you didn't like it enough 2 months or 2 years ago, you won't find anything in it now, that might justify buying it.It still features the same dull, complicated, unintuitive, disorganized UI. It just makes me want to cry, for the lack of love over the last 24 months.Gameplay-wise, the grind in this game is incredible. First money, then battle XP, then craft XP, and now money again. The devs have also introduced a new grinding feature - PvP and PVE marks. So the grind never stops in this game.The economy has not worked properly so far. It's too early to tell wether it will now. But I wouldn't hold up my hopes.Especially, because the one tool, which was avtually helped to make sense of the messy logic in the economic system, the trader tool, has been all but deactivated. So having ""Excel"" running on a second monitor to make notes, is almost a must.Also, the announcement of Naval Action Arena (the lobby battle ""light"" version of the current Open World Sandbox), does not fill me with confidence, that there will be an Open World Sanbox Naval Action much longer - despite the developers' comments to the contrary.This game is a pre-release version for now. It depends on a clear strategy being implemented. So far, I find it lacking in clarity, strategy and implementation. There has not been visible progress. On the contrary. Every development step forward in time, has been accompanied by two steps back.If you were looking for an opportunity to be part of a development, as an active contributor, I fear, that you might be disappointed. The vast majority of ""players"" are simply disregarded. The only real contribution is funding. The proper development is done by a small group of players and devs.Also, this title has suffered from continouosly decreasing player numbers (check steamcharts for confirmation), which spiked around patch announcements (to save what you could) or patch deployment (to see what has happened) and then rapidly fell to less than 200-300 players..So despite the decent potential for the idea, of being an excellent niche title, which could have had a decent amount of devoted players, I do not see a bright future for it.In the end, don't take my word for it. See for your self...if you can spare the hefty price amd a couple of hundred hours at least, before seeing and doing some really cool stuff, that is."
76561198006922557,Not Recommended,311310,33816469,Posted: 26 July,all,Suzuya,"Takes days of in game time to grind out ships and by the time you get to vessels you actually want they wipe the servers again and get rid of your progress. UI still looks like its for a 5 dollar app store game and Early Access is used to blame the constant glitching, griefing and lack of content.If you want to spend 100 hours getting to a point in the game only to be slapped in the face and told to do it all over again feel free, otherwise skip this mess."
76561198027711230,Recommended,311310,22694377,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Despairbear,"Reviewing an early release is notoriously hard, the game is still in development and who knows where it is going to go. But Naval Action, while still an Alpha, is shockingly playable for a game so early in its development.Game play is rather unique, and by unique I mean SLOW. Combat is slow, travel in the overworld is slow, crafting is slow, and that slowness is probably one of the greatest points of this game. If you are a fan of most modern games MMO or otherwise this slowness can be a schock. This is not Call Of Duty, or War Thunder. Naval Action is more a game of chess than a game of whack a mole. You plan your attack, you turn a few points off the wind and you wait for the enemy to roll into your broadside. A single ship to ship combat can take up to half an hour, a multi ship battle can take over an hour. Travel in the overworld takes planning and time, a trade route may take you hours of real time to travel. Nothing happens fast and in this quick twitch game heavy world the stately if slow action in Naval Action is a welcome change.Factions are a fact of life in Naval Action, there are no independent ships. You will have to join a faction in character creation but that does not mean Kill On Sight for every other faction; French Privateers will peacefully cruise past Spanish ships of the line in neutral waters, but you do need to watch your back. Just because you don’t attack does not mean you will not be attacked.Overall this is a pleasing game, but you do have to set some time aside to play a good session. I for one look forward to the further development of Naval Action, it has a lot of great potential."
76561197990545932,Not Recommended,311310,33507280,Posted: 13 July,all,N13L5,"I really love sail ship games, but this one, while having decent graphics, it still lacked depth when I checked it last - going ashore is merely a menu.Unlike Pirates of the burning Sea, there was no 3rd/1st person game place...Over a certain amount of time logging in to see if features had been added, I stopped bothering and removed ""early access games"" from my interests on Steam...Far better to see what you're getting, than airy promises from developers, that might just move on to another game, without ever finishing the title you paid good money for..."
,Not Recommended,311310,33109985,Posted: 1 July,all,Papalorre,"While the game can be fun once you get up to a high level, it is almost impossible to progress through the ranks without help from more senior players or a clan. Because the game has no tutorial or any sort of introduction to new people, it can be extremly hard to learn. Fortunally I had a more expierenced player teach me the basics. I do love the concept of the game and how you can have massive battles for dominance over ports, the game is 99% grind.The combat missions need to be looked into because you fight a 30 minute battle against a supporier enemy for a handful of xp and a few thousand gold (Do twenty of these missions and you might just have enough gold to advance to the next level ship after the starter ship). Once you finally complete enough of those missions, outfit your next ship with whatever it needs, you'll begin to get harder combat missions for more xp and gold. However, if you lose your ship due to some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (Internet cutting out so the enemy ships sink you) Then you're back to square one. Or another example: If you light a ship on fire with your last volley and are sitting next to it waiting for it to officially die so you can loot it's hold, the ship can explode and kill your ship. So there goes another 5 hours of work to RNG.The game can be enjoyable in the future, it has a long way to go before it reaches those stages. In addition, I understand this game is sopposed to be ""hardcore"" but at what point does the hardcore-ness of the game begin to drive away your player base.Pros-Good ship combat-Good way to learn the basics of sailingCons-Very hard on new people-Port UI looks like it was made in MS paint-Open world terrain looks terrible-Too hardcore-Too much RNG (Boarding, random ship explosions)-Confusing market-Poor navigation system"
,Not Recommended,311310,31872607,Posted: 20 May,all,-=TIO=-Gand,"Horrible devs that disregard everything a player says and treats them with massive disrespect.Basically a ""Don't like our game? then don't play it and F**k off"" every time anyone questions anything they do.  Even seasoned players with thousands of hours that love the game."
76561198135032954,Not Recommended,311310,24689451,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,OK Gamer,"I liked the idea of the gameThe game was good before but naw after the new Updates They made everything difficult and the game it's really suck becuase to travel from plase to anther you should have anther screen to watch a movie tell you get to your distnation and If I wanted to fight I need hours maybe you need more than 12 hours a day to play and have fun in this game If you work in the street, you will become a millionaire instead of wasting time in this tired game"
76561198008429783,Recommended,311310,22734861,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Basilhare,"Beautiful Age of Sail Game, rich with historical flavor. I have enjoyed my time with game and have become quite addicted...this game will appeal to a more mature audience who have an appreciation for the period...folks with gamer ADHD should avoid this title...it will not hold your interest....Pros:Realistic Combat ModelBeautiful GraphicsRuns well on mediocre machinesMature Player BaseWell Done Crafting SystemEasy to learn but hard to masterBoth PvE and PvP contentLarge variety of ships to choose from'Lots of customization features (not graphical though, more mechanical (ie, upgrades))Rewarding sense of acievementAddicting to the right kind of playerCons:Map travel from point to point takes a great deal of timeBattles can be quite long (up to an hour, even for a single ship battle)A bit grindy for both progression and crafting (Of course, if you are enjoying playing, as I am, its really not a grind)Game requires patienceTip: Join the PvP1 EU server....even at 250 ping, the game runs just fine...most poulated server...if you just want to do PvE, stay close to your capital and you will be fine...I started PvE but switched to the PvP1 EU server...much more activity...."
76561198082740331,Not Recommended,311310,22419606,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,CHEATOS,"After over 1000 hours played, I'm going to tell you why this game shouldn't be on your list of must have games.BANs and chat bans. This community makes every effort to basically pvp via chat versus effectively PVPing in the game. If you dont do something somebody doesnt like then if you say anything ""toxic"" as defined by ♥♥♥♥ing nothing, then you will be banned. no refund, not any way to state your side of the case, nothing. BTW there is no chat filter, which i would be fine putting in, but there isnt. This in turn has fostered a community of the thinnest skinned, crying little kintergarden teachers that you can imagine. And no matter how good your imagination is, this is worse. So dont for a second think you can act like anything but ned flanders from the simpsons while fighting in a game of murder and conquest. midwestern housewives should be all about this game, anybody else? not so much.The second problem is the pvp combat. This would be a great game if you got to actually fight somebody. The game has basically devolved down to playing fetch for an hour or better. The way the mechanics are currently you cant do anything, instead it takes upwards of 45 - 90 mins to actually chase down and sink somebody. Its basically boring as hell and unfortunately the only ""exciting"" combat is against NPCs which roll around the open seas like sea cows that never attrack any other player from another nation. This game started in pvp combat via the sea trials, and has made every attempt to get away from it's roots."
76561197960426515,Not Recommended,311310,30255862,Posted: 28 February,all,sintri,"Bought this original cause of Empire Total War and Darth Mod's additions to it, though while the ship combat is enjoyable and reminiscent of Empire, the overall gameplay is severly lacking. The combat gameplay itself isn't bad, and at times enjoyable even.  Ships sail like proper ships, you can adjust sails individually to pull off specific maneuvers, guns feel solid, ships feel proper for their class, crews are quite a bit lacking specially compared to Empire but they do exist there to provide a semblance of not sailing a ghost ship.Though the issue occurs what happens outside of combat, the UI is primative though that's really nothing that can't be easily fixed.  The game is grindy, quite grindy and overall trys to play like Eve Online.  Deaths matter quite a bit, your ships have durability and once that's gone you lose your ship, it is open pvp though there isn't quite the base there to support it.  PVE is mudane, you spend couple minutes sailing to some designated spot to fight a ship that will spend that entire battle just running away from you which is a valid strategy but doesn't quite make for fun gameplay.  Once that's over you get a trickle of xp, barely some gold and sail back for a couple minutes to rinse and repeat for slow progression.  The game does somewhat allow you to play above your level cap in return for paying into a essentially gold sink in the form of crew members, but the paltry rewards never quite make it worth it.  Beyond that there is a semblance of a crafting system, though it isn't anything spectacular or interesting.  Overall PVE is simply just a chore.  If you're playing for the PVP you may have slightly better luck out of the experience, though pvp relies heavily on the people, but without a proper fundation to build the pvp on your experience may vary.Really a shame given how enjoyable Empire's ship battles were, but in the end this game at it's current state is and unpolished, endless grind that never really seem to get anywhere."
76561197963721586,Recommended,311310,21478643,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,[IRL] Loki,"A great game, and you sink a lot of hours into it..."
76561198080178920,Not Recommended,311310,32331114,Posted: 10 June,all,Athena Golden,"What a waste of a beautiful game.  Naval Actions graphics are pretty good.  You really feel like your at sea.  That is the only positive thing i can say about this game.Its just plane miserable playing this game.   for some reason the Devs have it in there head that the harder you make the game,  the more grind that a person does.  the better the game will be.    Even in your basic ships.   the AI  will win  more battles than you.    With only have one durabitliy  per ship.    It has made this game one of the more frustrating games i have played.The Devs  could care less what the players ask for.      They ignore us at every turn,  and when you say something they don't like,   they ban you from the game and from the Forums.They have such a beautiful gem  here,  but there one sided views  and ignoring there player base.  THEY HAVE DESTROYED THERE SHOT OF HAVING A GREAT GAME.Just a shame  i really wanted to love this game,  but  frustration   after frustraion and hours wasted,  I just have to walk away,EPIC FAIL   NAVAL ACTION."
,Not Recommended,311310,34802061,Posted: 7 September,all,Eric Tsutola,"(This game is dead, DO NOT BUY) I didn't think they would mess up so badly, after logging on after a long break, i lost everything, prices had inflated by like 500%, they removed teleporting forcing you to waste hours moving from one place to another, there were no more items on the market, only 80 people in total with no AI like there used to be, now i would need to spend 30 minutes to find one ship to sink, you need to buy all cannons seperately, nothing has been fixed, i feel alone almost like its a single player exploration game that should be free, yet its $40 now? Do not buy this, im so sad idiot devs are everywhere destroying good games"
,Not Recommended,311310,32244769,Posted: 7 June,all,Travis,"Well... Where do I begin?I bought this game after watching several YouTube video's about it, and thought that it would be the perfect game for me.. Sailing, building, massive battles, capture missions, resource gathering, lots of players, open world. It all seemed so perfect. I bought the game January 29th of 2016, and put about 250 hours into it before I gave up. I met hundreds of friendly, helpful players. I spent days on end, grinding and enjoying myself. Seeing myself and the clan I was in, as well as the game grow brought me so much joy. The game has since changed, in a very negative way since 2016. Marks, wipes, single cannon purchasing, a massive drop in the player base, massive bans from admins, etc. There are almost 100,000 people who own Naval Action, and it is rare to see more than 2000 people online at a time. This is just sad. I remember buying the game, and every server was full. I was constantly seeing ships almost everywhere I went. It is no longer the case. But I have not given up on Naval Action. I still have hope. But I believe that the devs really need to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Because thousands of people already gave up. And the dev's should not expect people to spend $40 on a broken game, with a broken community, and a broken administration."
76561198386635958,Not Recommended,311310,33761857,Posted: 24 July,all,Epikus™,"Lots of potential but i think the developers are no where near serious enough about getting it done or even know where it should go. They seem to enjoy conflict and mayhem in every crevace of the game, and i personally am not interested in that. I was hoping for something a little more realistic overall and life is not like that. I want to sail in relative peace with a chance of a threat and  bad weather. I want to be able and required to defend myself and develop my defense - already in the game; but do not need surprises by exploits found in the game by long time players using alts. If they cant behave and the devs cant tune it up and out then i cant stick around for a game that just feels too abusive.Ill come back and check on it from time to time but for now i think ill just hope that they sell it to someone who is interested in developing it properly and listening to their customers and not just their 50 top gamer friends who each have 20 alts within the game and have forgotten the real game without the alts. The rest of us dont play like that and that is why there are currently no more than 150 - 300 players showing at most at any given time including which half of those are alts."
76561197984712504,Not Recommended,311310,32375476,Posted: 12 June,all,JesseJames,"The game has decent sailing combat but that's about it. The game is very basic and relies heavily on it's player community to keep you from realizing it's development and level of quality outside of the sailing is the same level of quality and immersiveness you'd expect from a Mount & Blade mod. Just with nothing but boats, sea and incomplete menus to look at. It's been in early access for over a year and it STILL has a wip background and graphics for it's port menu system which looks like it came from a flash rpg. Missions are dialogueless, randomly generated 1 v 1 ship battles with selectable difficulties or locations to bring X amount of goods to. All you are given is a location. Oh and there's no music.No ship damage physics aside from those static flat bullet holes you'd see in fps games that don't look like actual cannon round impacts and poorly animated ship crews that only sometimes actually emulate what they are supposed to be doing. Pretty sure they always look the same too. My pirates all look like skipper. Ships can go on fire, eject fake debris when hit, have holes in their sails  and mast broken but you can't put real holes in their hull which makes it visibly difficult to tell how close a ship is to dying other than it's hull health indicator that only shows when you have your perspective zeroed in on it dead center of you're screen.Another bad thing about the missions you can run is these engagements, especially early on, can take anywhere from 20 - 50 minutes from what I've experienced. Other than entering random engagements in the overworld which is a bad idea when you're starting, this is your only way to progress. You also get stuck with a timer anytime you leave a port or a fight that prevents you from fighting usually for 90 seconds. This can get really annoying when you're trying to farm out easy small missions to get started ontop of the length of the fight itself.The game is a soulless grind that makes you grind out the skills (at least 3) for various ships before you can properly operate certain real ships that don't suck. So that means even if you get lucky and can buy a good big ship you need to grind out at least 2 or 3 other crappy smaller ships in numerous missions that take around half-an-hour just to actually unlock the skills for it because you need to unlock the skills for the older ones in order... it's like Warthunder. For an example: If you want to sail a decent early ship called the Mercury you have to first use the lynx till it's ship knowledge is at 3 levels in experience. The lynx is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is so bad it's worse than the free starter ship. It has 2 less cannons than the starter ship and is slower. It's a punishment to sail. Then you get to use the Privateer which is fairly decent but squashable for it's 3 levels. Then and only then can you actually get skill knowledge for using the Mercury, which is another prelude to a next ship. This would be normal if it didn't take you around 10 hours of game time running basic little randomly generated 1v1 fights that take almost half an hour. You can still buy a big♥♥♥♥♥ship and pay an arm and a leg for it's crew equipment and cannons but you can't gain experience for it until you sail certain lesser ones.Doing randomly generated missions with no dialogue, story or purpose other than to just grind sucks. This game has no personality. The pvp is good if you like sailing around for hours looking for a fight due to the sparse playerbase and the balance is so bad for ships that the most meta PVP ship is the one you're given to start with because it's fast as hell, can damage or disable almost anything and is repaired and replaced for free whereas actually bought and developed ships cost game currency to repair and replace everything like crew, cannons and like 3 basic repair resources which becomes like 5 I've heard in the larger ships. You can lose all that to the games nooby ship if the person knows what they are doing.One last thing: All of your progress can be reset, wiped all across the board if people find and abuse an exploit to become rich over night. You could grind for months and just find out that poof it's all gone. You're just refunded the money which is easy to get. It's the experience you had to grind out those basic missions for all that time for better ships that hurts. It didn't happen to me I was lucky enough (or not considering they won't give me a refund) to come in after the big reset."
76561198010544030,Not Recommended,311310,32218489,Posted: 6 June,all,FurQ,"You can see I have a few hours on this and I really used to like this game. Now it's just a horribly unbalanced mess. All the other nations,with the exception of the British, get all the resourses they need, the Brits get the shaft. after the wipe, all the nations got coal on thier doorstep, the Brits got the shaft. ours were place deep in enemy territory. Then 2 weeks later they claim it was an oversight and attempt a fix so do we get coal close to our home port ?, i think we all know the answer, incase you don't, it was no, we got one in Beleize and another deep in enemy territory. the other nations got gold and silver, the Brits got the shaft,(you're noticing a theme ?). Historical accuracy is fine, for a historian. but in a pvp game there has to be balance, give everyone a fair shake and for gods sake stop the pirates being able to pvp against each other, they have abused that system at every opportunity"
76561197994701503,Not Recommended,311310,33444755,Posted: 10 July,all,Boomer,"Played this last year for abit, interesting because of the tall ships.  Reloaded to see what was new and nothings changed.Float around, find a target, sink it, rinse lather reapeat. I'll reload next year and see if a game has been made from this demo."
76561198004997863,Not Recommended,311310,32174208,Posted: 4 June,all,Ixal,"While this game used to have potential the latest patch has destroyed pretty much all of it.It has become incredibly tedious to achieve anything in the game, especially for new players who do not get free redeemables like players from before the wipe have.For a new player to earn money he has to grind the same mission over and over again for hours, just to get out of his basic ship or set up some basic resource building. And to make money with trading you have to sail for several real life hours.And if you manage to achieve something, for example a new ship which is even equipped with now incredibly expensive cannons, you are in danger of losing everything in a single battle against the numerous free ship gank squads which according to the devs are not a problem.And progression only gets harder with the addition of marks. Want to build a bigger trader ship? You need 150 PvE marks and you get about 2 each mission. Have fun.PvP and Conquest marks are even worse. You have to sink several ships in PvP to get enough marks for new ships, but if you sink once all is gone, the ships and the expensive cannons. Conquest marks are even worse (unless exploited for) and only a very low number of players can even get them.Basically this game is geared more and more towards vocal no-lifers who can dump 10+ hours each day into the game. If you can't match that you are, at best, fodder and not supposed to have fun (the devs actually said that having fun is a secondary concern for them).They are also soon releasing a arena game for Naval Action which makes me believe they have given up on this version considering the bad their decisions were lately.If the game would cost around $5 you could give it a try. But the current price is just nonsense and you should stay away from it as far as possible."
,Not Recommended,311310,32099905,Posted: 31 May,all,Raging Cajun,"First of all, I think this game shows immense promise. I jumped ship (see what I did there) from Age of Sail 2 and came to Naval Action. The graphics on this game are very pretty, and the atmosphere really draws you in. I'd highly reccomend playing the soundtrack to ""Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World"" in the background. The UI is pretty horrible, but that's to be expected in an alpha product. That said, I've never been angrier playing a game in my life. ""A bad workman blames his tools"" would be a good analogy as to how I feel, but it doesn't count if the tools come rusted and broken. I entered four Midshipman battles, all to find myself outgunned by two ships, or even a battle with a Snow (A higher tier ship with a ton of guns) while I'm still puttering around in my Basic Cutter. A ship should not, will not, and can not move out of irons if I've shredded his sails to 36%, but that's what the AI can apparently do. It's a disgrace to sailing games throwing a brand new player in and expecting them to be outnumbered. Granted, I had three games where it was one on one, but after that it was unplayable. I want to like this game. I've been wanting a game like this for a long time. But no, just no. I'm not touching it anymore after today. /endrant"
76561197968415750,Not Recommended,311310,30489371,Posted: 13 March,all,Vertan,"Wish it were better,.. or better; just more fun to play. Got some friends to play it and while they found the combat fun, the rest is clunky and slow paced and my buddies could not be botherd to stick around since there is quite a time investment required to actually get stuff done. And i agree, although i come back every now and then, there is just not enough to pull me back in."
76561198014063244,Not Recommended,311310,32300408,Posted: 9 June,all,O Rly?,"Howdy!This game is awesome, but I'm here to say that I quit. I give up, at least for a month, or more if there's no significant changes to the game as it is right now. I don't have enough time to grind that much money to buy/craft a ship that I can lose in a blink of an eye in pvp. Napoléon Bonaparte once said : ""Respect the burden"" to what I would add the following : ""[...] of grinding in naval action"". I get it, the devs wanted to make the game more simulator-like and I truly think it's a good idea. But the fact is, I can't take it anymore. Even though I have more than 400hrs in this game, I consider myself as a casual player. The game isn't for casual players anymore. Truth is, after the patch 10 release in may 2017, I didn't have any fun. The economy need to be fixed.I continue to believe the community for this game is awesome. The clan I was working with (RDNN) is composed of true gentlemen! The port battles, the pvp, the trading system; everything was fine before the patch in my opinion. The patch has really good things too! I have to say, the devs are doing a great job! Again, Napoleon said : ""The only victory over love is flight"". My point is that if I want to remember Naval action as a great game I used to love, I have to leave it there as a good memory and not become overwhelmed by the hardcore phylosophy it became.I know some players will read this post saying to themselves ""Stop crying, you f***ing piece of c***. You can quit, we don't care, b****!"". True, but the goal of this post is to tell the devs they are actually slowly killing the game if they keep going that direction. As a matter of fact, I'm not the only one leaving this great journey : two of my friends are deserting with me. We also had plans to make buy the game to other friends, yet we told them not to after the patch. We are at work/university all day long, and we don't want to keep ""working"" over night. We want to relax and have fun.I hope the devs take into consideration my opinion. Otherwise, they will keep seeing bad reviews for their game.A once Emperor nicknamed ""Le petit caporal (The short corporal)"" (I'll let you guess his real name) once said : ""From triumph to downfall there is one but step"". I urge the devs not to make that step!Otherwise, thanks for the ride! It was fun while it lasted..."
76561198024633996,Not Recommended,311310,32096992,Posted: 31 May,all,DaddyKnows,"This game has gone from bad to worse. Now they have moderaters that get involved with everything that happens one is named ""iroquois confederacy"". he basically went around telling people to 'stfu' but if anyone was toxic to you and you responded to them he'd threaten to have you removed from chat. So, let me get this straight the moderaters of the game can be toxic and curse at people and tell them to 'stfu' but players can't? also, why do they have chat bans for cursing or calling someone a name? most games either censor out bad words or they do nothing at all. so long as no ones threatened I don't really see the point of chat banning anyone. The game takes forever in whatever you do. It wastes your time and the level of trolls and toxic people increases everytime they update it and the updates always make the game harder and more time consuming to play. certainly the game hasn't improved at all. I guess now though you can have moderators being toxic to ( which means almost everyone is toxic and tries to find people to troll) I paid 40 dollars for this peice of garbage and its only gotten worse as time has gone on and more bugs as well. after this update my game drops connection everyday I play. every update it gets worse. don't buy this game. the devs resolve problems by alienating their players and not by actually coming up with practical solutions. This was a great idea for a game, but has turned into a nightmare."
,Recommended,311310,24501402,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Cillit Bang,"I've played this game a fair bunch, so let me give you some pros and cons :PROS :+ Realistic combat, battles can take ages, but are really exciting and fun to do.+ Beautiful battle graphics.+ Really fun to play with people you know. But also fun to play alone.+ If you're not really good in fighting, you can always switch to trading and crafting as a way to make money.+ You can teleport to the capital every 3 hours, so meeting up with friends is easier.+ A lot of interaction with other players, there's always one telling you where to look out/hunt for pirates.+ Battle from a port. You don't have to sail ages to get in a big battle with multiple ships,you just can hop right in one using the tab in any port.+ Fairly balanced.+ You can create multiple characters, but your progerss is bound to your steam id, this makes it easy to change factions if you've got a friend willing to help.+ Durability system for your ships, you won't lose it after it's sunk the first couple of times.++ Epic large battles :DCONS :- It takes a fair amount of time to get from one place to the other, there's no teleport system. (kinda understandable, as it'd be unrealistic)- Leveling up takes a long time if you're on your own.- Open world graphics are a bit worse than the battle graphics.- Hard to begin with. (Early stages of the game are a bit meh)- Repetative missions.- Crew is way to expensive.- People who play on the pirate faction and board you :( (If you're with friends, always team up when on a trade mission).- Uninteresting UI.""*Update June 2017**After the big wipe it is now actually possible to play as a new player and not get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by big man-o'-wars."
76561198197411398,Not Recommended,311310,32267436,Posted: 8 June,all,AikawaKizuna,"The game has a good battle mechanism,I dare say sailship battle system in Naval Action is the first rate of all similar games.BUT!!!!!!This game is NOT FOR EVERYONE.This game is for several groups of large clans, if you are able to get known of them then you can play.If you have up to 50 friends together then you can play.If not?Please quit.You wont able to get any bigger ship, you wont have chance to take part in Port Battle thus that are monopolized.OK, you say the large clans can sell ships to you?When that happened, this game is done,OVER AGAIN. Yes, This is the second time."
76561198095251025,Recommended,311310,26369539,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Koltes,"This review is intended as a counter review to this guy's post:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991377081/recommended/311310/I have replied in the comments to his reviewhttp://i.imgur.com/GlEdvIE.jpg, but just like it was suggested this guy deletes all the positive feedback making it look like this game sucks.Go try to find my post. It was deleted 5 min after I posted it!That is a very close monitoring if you ask me. Is he on some kind of mission to destroy an image of a great game? To fool you to walk away from a very promising title?Here screenshot of other people trying to response to his post and got deleted toohttp://i.imgur.com/0WMHnPP.jpgMake your own call, but please make it educated.As for me, I will be reporting this guy to Steam moderators. Sounds more like a competitor's dirty play to me.Also... look at the average hours played of all the recent negative reviewers. 20-50 hours into the game for most of them? Are you really going to trust someone's opinion if he has just scratched the surface of a subject?I don't write reviews normally, but sense of fairness simply urges me to do something for the great game, its hard working developer team and the great player community. So here is my own experience with the game. No more, no less. But if you don't like to read and all you want to know if I will recommend this game? I will return the question back to you.Do you like the Age of Sail era?Do you understand that this is NOT arena based game like WoT and that you have to invest time in it like in any MMO games?Do you understand the fact that this is a very early access (not even a beta)?Are you ok to explore the limits of the game and report back to the dev team your feedback, suggestions or concerns?If the answer to all this yes, then HELL YEAH! I will recommend this game to you!And below is how I came to this conclusion-----------------------------First 5 hours into the game:What's with the UI???? It looks dull. I can't find anything. UI makes no sense... Oh! They have a message on the UI screen - Test UI Please Ignore. Ok, fair enough. How do I load cannons??? How do I do this, or that? Let me ask in Help chat. Wow! That was quick! The help from community was awesome. No trolling which was VERY refreshing. It felt that players loved the game and cared for it. Ok time to set sail..... WOW!... No words, the graphics, the land, THE SHIPS!!! Everything looks so amazingly real!. Oh this sound of squeaking rigging and bumping sails on air...  I mean, if your computer is half decent it will handle the astonishingly done Caribbean world. This water makes me want to jump in it!10 hoursWent back, picked up a mission and got out to the open world. Took a bit of sailing (3 minutes to be exact), but finally I'm there.Hmm... how do I shoot? How do I control the ship? I'm so confused! Back to Help chat and with help I got through the first missions. When the adrenaline got settled a bit, I decided to  invest time to learn properly, so off I went to YouTube.50 hoursI have learned basic controls. I have learned how to aim and how to use different cannons. I have done few missions and advanced couple of ranks. What next?OMG! I got tagged by a pirate! If you are not hit for 2 min then you can run away from the battle instance (that I've learned very quickly). I'm trying to get away from this dude. The Black Flag on his ship is getting closer. 10 seconds before timer run off he managed to hit me with his chaser cannons (I didnt even know those existed!) and reset the timer. I'm doomed now. I can't run away! I can't? OMG! Well hell with it! I'll give him a good fight of his life...Of course I was smashed miserably, but man... I have never ever experienced such adrenaline boost from any other game.Its time to look for a good community. I need more help and info. I need to learn. Where is the best place to learn PvP? I need to become a pirate!. Hard decision, but I'm no carebear. I got to find me good teachers!200 hoursI got pretty good at killing AI, I could now afford to get better ships (not perfect, but better). I had few encounters with real players. I made friends! I was given so much help (money, ships and most importantly all the valuable info)I was so surprised to learn that sails can be controlled manually and that to be efficient in PVP you actually have to sail manually.I have learned Point of Sail for the ships I sailed.I have learned how to rack the Stearn of an enemy ship (the back).I have capped my first trophy ship from another player.I have learned to manage my time properly so I'm busy doing other game related stuff during the long sails to distant areas (you only have to sail to the destination once, then you set up an outpost and can teleport to it instantly).But every time I think I got it sussed there is still something to learn.500 hoursI'm now on good terms with port battles and the conquest mechanics. I start leading raids. I've learned to use Mortar Brig.I have now mastered manual sailing and it is now just a second nature and feels like driving a manual transmission car. You no longer thinking about it.I have learned all aspects of ship mechanics. I have learned how to run away from ships that supposedly faster than the ship I sail.I've learned to understand The Wind in the open world and in the battle. How to turn it into advantage.I've have learned perfect wind tack (turning across the wind) without ever getting stuck in the irons.I've learned to shoot specific areas of the ship depending to what I want to achieve.I've mastered shooting under the waterline giving him so many leaks that ships were going down from a single broad side fire.I've learned how to de-mast the enemy.I've learned advanced tactics of naval combat how to read your enemy and predict his next move...1000+ hoursI have been pretty much in every corner of the Caribbean .I've made tons of friends and enemies.I've sunk more players than I could count.I've made numerous posts on forums helping the development of the game and was incredibly surprised and happy to see some of my ideas implemented into the game play.I confirm that:Developers DO listen! They even talk and reply to your comments on the forums and discuss game stuff.The content is getting updated and polished all the time.New ships are added (not as fast as we would wish, but every 2-3 months), though there are so many ships there already that we have plenty to choose from.The game is very alive and the development is very active.This is as much as you can get from a reviewer. The rest is up to you to try and decide for yourself, but don't let someone to fool you that this is just another ordinary title. With the community's support this game can really achieve a lot.Sail dangerously captains![BLACK] KoltesUS PVP2 Server, pirate faction"
76561198022725657,Not Recommended,311310,30230172,Posted: 27 February,all,Alamo's spicy dipping sauce,"i was so excited  for this game then it was an absolute disspointment, the trveling tokk 90% of the game, and lots of odd issues"
,Not Recommended,311310,30602343,Posted: 18 March,all,reiser,What was once a promising Naval Sim...  Lead by Devs out of touch.... Has left everyone with a sour taste in their mouths.  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME OR ANY GAME THESE GUYS EVER PRODUCE AGAIN! They only care about their EU players. Even though USA was 40% of sales.  Unless you want to play at 3-5am for territory....  A big middle finger to these guys.
76561198203196956,Not Recommended,311310,30003910,Posted: 18 February,all,KrazyCreeper,"From late 2016, the game has become more and more frustrating to play. There is still no build in compass to set your heading by, the only thing we've gotten is a grid labeler. Economy is absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥ When the open Alpha came out, the strongest class of ship, a 1st rate, with the highest level, cost about 3 million gold. 3 million gold will get you a Frigate now, maybe at least. If you are new, you won't be able to afford any new ship, and nobody will buy the things you craft, if you want to craft, as the level 50 crafters can sell stuff way cheaper than you could to make a profit. The entire game is at a standstill, nothing is changing, nothing can change. DO NOT BUY."
,Recommended,311310,21003113,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sven ☠ 2157,NO MUSIC BLASTING MY EARS OUT WHEN I START THE GAME!  NO MUSIC AT ALL!Game of the Year!20/10
,Recommended,311310,24635873,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,bad_luck,"it is a great and super atmospheric game if you liked elite dangerous or EVE  NOT only for the space ships but for the trading and crafing. this game has particular (for the moment) player driver economy system . A epic battle systemNot like in the majority of other games which have a stupid HP system and if the health reaches 0 you are gone. in this game your sides have armor. when recieving DMG the armor will drop and it will be easier to pierce a shot. when the armor is almost gone you can easyly pierce with shrapnell which does a LOT of crew dmg. and it easyer to pierce below the waterline. each penetration you score below the waterline will create a leak when you ship have leaks will will take water but thats no problem. your ship have a PUMP when you are taking water you´ll need to assign a part of your crew to the pumps. and the leaks will be fixed over time. but when your st. pavel ( a very big ship ) will get a whole broadsider of like 40 cannons under his waterline  he´s gone in like 10 sek. but it hard to score hits below the waterline (because , if you didn´t know : its usually UNDER water) there is a easier way to sink a ship: you can just shoot down the armor of one of the sides to 0 . when the aror is gone he will take big amouts of water and will sink in a couple of min.  loosing you Bow or stern armor is not so dramatic. you will need just like 20 men on the pumps all the time to compensate it.in the open world there are lots of harbours. they belong to a couple of fractions. you chose one on start.but if you dont like your fraction, dont worry . you just need to attack a ship of the same frac to turn PIRATE  which are basicly a own fraction. so players can capture enemy ports for there frac. each port produces it own resourses. you can buy them there for cheep and sell them somewere else (this is the AI economy) if a port produces ex. iron ore you also can build there an outpost and build  a iron mine. there you can ""buy"" it for much cheaper but you also will need labour houres ( you get 42 in one RL h or like 1008 a RL day) .there is a crafting system . you have a separate crafting lvl. so a LVL one (there is no lvl one  but anyway) player can be crafting lvl 50to craft a ship you need the resourses , the BP a given LVL and LH (labour hours) .  there are some ship Blueprints that are given once reaching a specific crafting LVL. and some you can get by crafting other ship (for ex. i craft a frigate(you get the friagte BP once reached LVL25) and with a chance i will get a Belle poule BP, a ingermanland BP a trincomalle BP and so on.  the chance is based on some factors.mainly on the quality of he ship you are building (there are : basic,comon,fine,mastercraft and exeptinal) there are some ships you need like a week for(if you are doing it alone)p.s. im sorry english isn´t my 1st language . if i done some grammar errors or something else pls excuse me ."
76561198047446399,Not Recommended,311310,34814274,Posted: 8 September,all,sirh0213,"I bought this game early last year. Was excellent to play. The inport interface was simple yet relatively intuative. The gameplay was awesome and superb ship detailing and sailing physics.I just recently came back to the game. The interface, though looking the same, does not respond correctly (i.e. the blocks, or ""keys"", to click on don't respond when my cursor is over them. I have to find a spot near the box to click on it). Even when clicking on the ""keys"" I don't always get a response.There appears to be a programming error with the game. Once that's fixed I'll try to play again. Until then, I'll be staying away."
,Not Recommended,311310,32387275,Posted: 13 June,all,Camomanef,Started out with great potential but quicly went downhill
76561198168507591,Not Recommended,311310,32178400,Posted: 4 June,all,CoolKidd,"this is how a good game ruined by devs, demote/ban/chat ban players without proper reason or only becouse they r speaking of truth.players played this game living in horror environment dnt know when or how they will get banned.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbG3u9ReSMYthis video tells everything lol."
,Not Recommended,311310,32229620,Posted: 6 June,all,Reznor,"The only real advantage to this game over other sailing vessel type MMOs is that there is no melee combat system and it focuses entirely on sailing ships.There has been effectively no difference made in the development of this game over the last 18 months. Between playing at initial release and then starting to try it again recently it feels like it's exactly the same with no progress made. Additionally there has been a loss of players lately due to the developers choosing to initiate another asset wipe from the game despite having made promises previously not to do so ever again.One of the worst and most prevalent issues is the terrible, terrible state of the UI. They have it wired up, it would require minimal effort to have someone do some basic graphics and display them as buttons instead of the horrid box outline with some text typed over it. It looks like babby's first windows UI from a first year intro to programming class. I would be embarassed to ever put code like this in front of a client, and for it to still be there after this much time is just shockingly patheticThey have a good core mechanic and with even a half♥♥♥♥♥development team this could have been completed in a few months, but it seems they're content to sit on this and milk whatever residual purchase income makes it's way in without putting forth any actual effort. They might make noise about 'megapatches' or post updates, but it feels like little more than trying to convince new suckers (*ahem* customers) that it's being actively developed against to bilk them out of their money.My friends and I might log in for brief periods of time to shoot cannon balls at things, but if a friend who doesn't have it yet asks if they should join the answer is always a solid and resounding no."
,Not Recommended,311310,32229947,Posted: 6 June,all,Sith,"very strong core combat, unfortunatly the devs have done almost nothing with it with the last 18 months instead choosing to focus on an economy that they have done multiple asset wipes for and still have not fixed.Also the UI is literally the most pathetic ive seen in a long long time.My guess is that by the time thay have taken their fingers out of their arces the player base will have dissolved and there will be no point in playing anyway.Dont buy unless you like devs that completley ignore the community."
76561198109899340,Not Recommended,311310,32844070,Posted: 26 June,all,scholar.lucas,"No...Just no, the game is very under-developed and you shuldnt expect much great combat just hours off going in a near strate line to trade with littel bits of fighting, oh and ship bording is a puzzle game not a sword fighting game"
76561198041841467,Not Recommended,311310,29761731,Posted: 7 February,all,LuckyOwl,"Beside the fact that just about no one plays it, Crew cost are insane, figting any battle, even combat missions will make give you a negative income, because of the cost of crews, and you will lose crew to the AI and it's laser shots. Beside that, most of the ships for sale are from players, and they just put an insane price tag on it.As it stands right now, it's not worth it, buy it for sale under 10 euro, it's not worth more in it's current state."
76561197989537247,Recommended,311310,22963242,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,EnragedEwok,"First off, this is an early access game. I realize the price is steep for an early access game, but this is quite simply one of the most fun games I've probably ever played, both in the open world MMO genre and in general. I've easily gotten more enjoyment out of it than the last $30-$40 full release titles I've purchased, and the hours speak for themselves.The Awesome:1. Combat is absolutely amazing. It plays somewhat like a chess match, in both large fleet actions and single ship actions. Each side makes a move, to which the other side attempts to counter. In a large battle, this mainly comes down to your side's shot caller attempting to give as many of his ships as possible a shot on the opposing fleet. In single ship fights, much of  the skill comes down to maneuvering to rake your opponent's stern to kill crew and dismount cannon until he can no longer fight, while preventing him from doing the same.  The combat is definitely the most polished part of the game, and it shows.2. Development: I say this mainly because the game already is in development, but I've seen very few games capable of treading the thin line between giving the players what they want, and doing what's best for the players and the game as a whole. These devs have done an amazing job on this, and many player suggestions throughout closed alpha and even early Steam release have found their way into the game. In addition, the development cycle is very regular, with a major content patch around the middle of each month, along with usually 2 ships added to the game. In addition, the devs have added multiple player-made ships to the game.3. The Open World map: This is probably the most important part of the game. The open world map is a scale representation of the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico, based off of maps from the time period of the game (early 1800s-late 1700s). This is how you get from port to port and find other players to sail or fight with. When engaging other players, your position relative to them and both of your positions in relation to the wind translates directly into the battle instance, making positioning in the OW almost as important as actual combat skill. A recent update now translates any land you may be nearby into the battle as well, meaning cunning captains can pin smaller and nimbler ships against land when they would otherwise be able to sail away unscathed. In addition to that, major fleet AI battles can be found quite easily in the open world as well (but make sure you bring friends).The Not So Awesome (outdated, see EDIT):1. Finding a fight: One of the biggest complaints is the difficulty of finding a fight in the open world. This can be a challenge, but it does depend primarily on where you are trying to find fights. Generally, the closer to Cuba/Jamaica you are, the better the change of finding a fight (this primarily concerns the PVP1 server). Free Ports (uncapturable by any faction) allow you to base ships closer to these areas to get into the action quicker. In addition, duels can be set up in the port screen (just ask around in national or local chat for a dueling partner, and remember your ships must be the same battle rating to duel), which gives a loss-free way to practice handling your ship before jumping into real danger in the open world.2. Game Economy/Crafting: This is probably the least polished portion of the game, meaning everything I say here is subject to change. The economy is inbetween a full player driven economy and an AI driven economy. Money can be made quite easily by your production buildings, and those resources in turn supply the shipbuilders. Ships require resources to build if you want an above average one, otherwise basic versions with a minor flaw or minor improvement (to speed, crew space, rigging, etc.) can be bought for very affordable prices from the AI. AI only sells up to 4th rate 60 gun ships however, anything larger must be built by a crafter or captured from another player. If your objective in buying the game is to become a major crafter/trader and nothing else, you may want to wait for this feature to mature before purchasing.3. The ""Grind"": You'll find many reviews that complain about the game's grind. At the end of the day, the game is only a grind if you make it one. Unlike War Thunder, World of XXX, or other arena games where you are forced to play a vehicle  to unlock the next, the only limiting factor in Naval Action is the crew you can command. You start with 40, and this increases as you go through the ranks. You can still purchase any ship on the market if you have the money to do it, and some ships can be used without much downside with less than maximum crew due to crew management mechanics added to the battles shortly after steam release. In addition, the thresholds for how much experience (earned by damaging and sinking/capturing enemy ships in battle) is required for each rank was recently reduced by a large margin. All that being said, don't fall into the trap of thinking ""bigger ship = better ship."" The captain's skill ultimately decides the battle. Even a cutter (starter ship) can make the difference in an open world battle, and I know this from personal experience.EDIT FOR 9.8 PATCH:With the 9.8 patch, finding a fight in OW is no longer an issue. Teleport timers have been completely removed when going from outpost to outport, allowing players to jump around the map to various hotspots as they please (so long as they have an outpost in the area). This makes it quicker and easier than ever to fight PVP.In addition, ship durability/HP has been compressed, meaning there is no longer as much of a difference in the punishment each frigate can take compared to each other, or for how much each ship of the line can take compared to each other.Also, many new upgrades were added to further allow players to customize their ships, as well as all the other awesome changes in the 9.8 patch notes."
76561197979718872,Not Recommended,311310,33317069,Posted: 6 July,all,Lex Schwarzkopf,This game while it's pretty it looks barren. It has a lot of drawbacks compared with other pirates and naval combat games out there. The UI is basic and the gameplay is bare. You may get a few enjoyment out of this game in the first few hours but you will soon realise the amount of effort you need to keep you interested. Wait until the game is in a much better state - perhaps in a couple of years time.
76561198042387526,Not Recommended,311310,33248297,Posted: 4 July,all,robert_defoe,This was a good game where you could explore and fight the ships of the age of sail in the Caribbean. You can build up your port outposts in order to build better ships as well as produce your own resources you can sell to other players. Ultimately you can get very good ships and the combat missions pay very well allowing you to have more gold (in game currency) and eventually sail ships like HMS Victory.Then the creators of this game will delete ALL of your effort in a server reset erasing all your progress and ships in the process before giving you five ships that you have to fit out yourself which cost gold. The problem is however they do not give you gold plus the ships they give you are some of the worst in the game. Also they have now over price all the building making it nearly impossible to build your own ships now and very expensive to gather your own resources in your port.I've played this game on and off for over a year and now it seems the creators of this game punish its players particularly the earlier players who have been here from the start and until I get my Belle Poule back I will NEVER play this game again.
76561198007449019,Not Recommended,311310,30171218,Posted: 25 February,all,Dirty Bomb,"What this game should have been is an open world sandbox that immersed you for hours. It certainly isn't that yet. (Still early access)This is what happens when you employ very talented modellers and don't bother spending any time thinking about gameplay mechanics. It looks absolutely beautiful but after a couple of hours sailing around looking at your pretty ship and fighting other players, you realize there really isn't anything else to hold your interest.I hope the developers can bring in new people with the talent to turn this game into a proper sandbox, and this is still early access so it's still possible, but if they are openly discussing starting a kickstarter just to fix bugged ships it sounds like they are running out of funds. Seems more likely this will go the same way as many early access titles. Hopefully I'm wrong and it can meet it's undoubted potential but can't recommend yet."
,Not Recommended,311310,30683287,Posted: 23 March,all,Earl of Berkeley,"This game...Alright so my experience so far has been that you get in and you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ship, keep in mind I've only played PvE to get used to the game and I've become very very bored.After about 30-40 hours its starts to feel like a Free to Play. Its just grinding and grinding and grinding and I felt like I was getting nowhere.The battle mechanics are beautiful but the UI is the worst I have ever seen from a game at this price.Ship boarding is just some UI and no actual action to be seen.About the devs, I've never interacted with them myself but based on what I've seen and heard they completely neglect the majority of their community but the players in game are actually quite pleasant people and very helpfulI will not ever reccomend this game unless it improves."
76561198052784368,Recommended,311310,24074766,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ace,"Just from browsing a few reviews I couldn't believe how many negative reviews this game has gotten. I see people with around 1,000 hours giving it a negative review. How can someone drain that much time into a game and not like it? Doesn't quite add up to me. Obviously there's something good about the game and they're lying their *** off if they can play for a solid 41 days and still say it's crap. Or maybe they're that dense and it takes them that long to realize they don't like something.Other reviews I see people saying it's a boring world and you spend most of your time going from A-B doing nothing and blah blah blah. Do you even know what game you bought? Did you research it at all? Helloooo, it's a 1800's naval game that takes place in a huge ocean and you sail old wooden vessels at 2-18 knots depending on the weather gauge; obviously it's going to take some time getting around. Realistically it could take ships weeks or months to get from A-B, in the game yeah it can take 15-60 minutes depending how long of a voyage you're embarking on.I've seen some reviews saying the devs don't add much. I think they add plenty and are taking their time to get things right. Everytime they add new things I'm always excited for it to patch and get into the game. If they aren't doing enough I think their expectations are too high, not every game is produced with a massive dev team. Some things I've found amazing they've added to the game just off the top of my head are: ship armor thickness, weather systems, seagulls (with sounds), different nations ports have different looks, fishing, they average adding about 2-3 new ships each month, and plenty more.All in all this game is everything and more that I can ask for. Just a few experiences from my voyages in the Caribbean, the other day I stumbled upon Captain Kidd's hideout (not on the map), currently I'm sailing to the Santa Cecilia ship wreck (the location of which I discovered in a sealed bottle), all the while having my crew fish from the sea. Last week I went and visited the American Colonies just to say I had been there. Before taking off to find the lost ship wreck I intercepted a French Essex and also a 3rd Rate Pirate vessel with the help of my brother. It's a great game to play with friends, the community is excellent, and there is more than enough things to do with more and more being added each time a patch comes out every week or so. Don't let the negative reviews fool you, this game is absolutely amazing and I absolutely recommend it to everyone who loves the seas!"
,Not Recommended,311310,33554028,Posted: 15 July,all,ClockWorkOr@nge,"+Combat is good+Grafic and ship models are cool and historical accurate+Player driven economy-Atrocious mechanics for rvr-Very grindy-Super punitive pvp with horrible tag mechanics and constant revenge fleets-Atrocious toxic community, expecial russian side-Horrible mod team (wich are also part of clans in game so not impartial)-Uncomunicative devs, wich refuse to aknowledge feedbacks that not goes their way-Horrible interface-Lack of any tutorial/guide-bad optimiziationOveral  a good idea badly executed and incomplete beside combat/grafic side"
,Not Recommended,311310,33606616,Posted: 17 July,all,Noobnoob Dan,"I am so sad that this game failed, it could have been the best game on steam.  Empty game, trading not worth the time, and it's the most time eating grind I have ever seen i a game."
76561198007270578,Not Recommended,311310,30455790,Posted: 11 March,all,Ranger one,"Sailing simulator : GreatGame to have fun in: Mediocre.Manual, introduction: Non existant.Stay away unless you like frustration."
,Not Recommended,311310,23676917,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Lurien the Watcher,"This game looked amazing, and I've never really had a bad experience with early access games, having bought Space engineers and Factorio, plus I love sailing, that's why I bought itMy problems are:-40 follars for an early access, totally unreasonable-There are no tutorials or anything for how to combat (I'm not necessarily talking about in-game tutorials), so you either get the hang of the strategy or you don't. And if you don't, you're gonna have a bad time.-Missions are repetitive, and if you want to do anything else you have to sail for hours to get somewhere. Very ******* exciting.-Progress is slow. Like really slow. In 11 hours I haven't even got a little close to getting my first ship after the default one.-I kinda hoped that the future updates would somehow fix the game, but all we've got were bug fixes and minor changes 8n the combat system.Right now I just want my money back."
76561197998337761,Not Recommended,311310,22898559,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Scraplet,"I've been playing Naval action for a bit now. I'd like to say that I could endorse this pretty looking game but I can't.There are quite a few unsavory elements to the game. And here's a few.1. Unrealistic and overpowered AI.The NPC ships in the game routinely break nearly EVERY sailing rule of physics in the book, maneuvering like hydrofoils even in a headwind. And if THAT isn't bad enough, their gunnery puts even present day warships with their guided missiles to shame with a near 90% hit rate even at extreme range with maybe 2 out of every 3 hits landing criticals. Also they seem to have a higher rate of fire than most players.The devs DID recently reduce the AI accuracy on small ships such as cutters and brigs hoping that less experienced players won't notice that all frigates and SoTLs still have the ""sniper elite"" level AI and dance around like fairies.2. Toxic and hostile player community.The game is supposed in alpha stage, which means that people playing the game are supposed to be providing feedback and making suggestions. However the player community will usually try to shout down player suggestions, throw insults and name-calling around, and attempt to derail the suggestion thread by leading it off topic into wild and immature tangents. They also seem to celebrate on the forums when frustrated players announce their intention to leave <like good riddance or don't let the door hit you in the *** on the way out, etc>.3. Devs alienate PvE and Independent players.With only a single PvE server and no access to alt characters if you want to experience something new, for example playing another nation or just plain want to play a new character they give you only 2 options either completely delete your old character and make an entirely new one sacrificing all your gold, ships, crafting resources and all that even though you still retain both your rank and crafting xp or be forced onto a PvP server where only 3 of their 7 or 8 playable nations are even viable and where ganking and griefing runs rampant.They claim that this is designed to prevent economic exploitation but that kind of exploitation already exists in the game in the form of the current guild activity.4. They are setting the stage for total disaster for the game economy and solo playability with their future economic goals.In their most recent patch they did away with player ability to sail captured warships. Instead players now have to auto turn in warships they have captured in boarding combat over to their respective nation's admiralties for a tiny sum of gold and only allowing players to commandeer merchant ships. They also have future plans to completely do away with NPC resource vendors and allowing players to have the complete run of the economy. This action coupled with the canned ability to sail captured warships will inevitably open the door to massive overpricing of ships, and other items and make it impossible for any independent player to survive and be competitive.It's like Pirates of the Burning Sea all over again.....Perhaps even worse.At least portalus games has since begun to offer means of solo player survivability (if only to line their own pockets with real-world cash).With this all said I can not in good conscience recommend this game to anyone."
76561198091353121,Not Recommended,311310,29136349,Posted: 9 January,all,LuxCapere,"The game is garbage.Aside from all the players with more game time than me telling of how the developers themselves play the game and cheat and how it is all turned into one ♥♥♥♥♥♥, unrealistic fast travel simulator/grief simulator, this game just simply offers nothing that it actually gives off the vibe that it does in its promos. It is a sham like No Man's Sky.I bought the game because I thought there'd be realistic maritime battles and features. Over half of the game mechanics meant to provide realism are broken are just plain wrong.I want to patrol the seven seas and capture pirates and smugglers. This never happens. There are no opprotunities for player interaction or roleplay. The only player interaction that occurs is griefing.The game presents itself as a hardcore player's dream maritime sim but is sadly just an open world where players can sail around accomplishing absolutely nothing until they decide to fast travel to a mission to earn so gold or whatever. Then they get massacred by the OP pirates or griefed to death by the rediculously OP pirates. Nothing else happens in this game.I even joined a clan with the hopes of getting more out of the game in terms of strategy, teamwork, and immersive gameplay. Everyone who had been playing for months longer than me finally gave up and quit because the game lost all of its direction and is going nowhere. There is nothing to be gained from playing this game.If you like hardcore games and historical sims, then just play empire total war and have fun with the naval engagements there. They have better mechanics and are far more entertaining. Aside from pretty graphics, naval action has nothing to offer. LITERALLY. It is an unfinished piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that is not likely to ever be finished soon because the developers would rather♥♥♥♥♥♥around and pander to trolls to promote the game and make a quick buck."
76561198062190098,Recommended,311310,26380330,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,flashcrow,"Naval Action. What can I say?Firstly, I had to wait months to buy this game. It isn't cheap, especially when money is tight... $54.87 Australian to be exact. Some may think this isn't much money, but to some it is. Well, even in it's Alpha stage it is more value for money than you can imagine.... less than 14 cents an hour for me at the moment, 14 cents!Is it the right game for you?Do you have an interest in the Age of Sail?Do you like your games to look beautiful?Do you have time to sit back and enjoy a game for what it is, lots of sailing around the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico?Are you aware that it is a game under heavy development?Do you enjoy chatting to people from around the world?If your answer is Yes to any or all of these, then Naval Action is the game you have been looking for!Before I continue I must say that I only play on the Player vs Environment (PVE) server at the moment. It is the perfect place to hone your sailing skills, learn to fire your cannons accurately, and learn about the trading and ship building. I will give Player vs Player (PVP) a go when the final game is released.There is something about the mesmerizing movement of the sea that really draws me in. This is so in real life, but also in this game. There are many great Youtube videos around that I watched for hours before I bought the game. I really fell in love with the graphics and sound. I won't link to any particular video, but just do a Youtube search for GrunfWorks or Jeheil.The detail and rendering of these beautiful old ships is second to none. I would love the developers to introduce a cinematic replay option for the battles, that would be fantastic. I have to say there is a certain amount of pride when you finally manage to buld a ship from the next level up and finally get to sail her :)Some other reviewers have said ""All you do is sail"", or words similar to that. Well, it is a game set in the age of sail, and yes there are many hours of sailing in the ""open world"", but this is done at 60 times faster than real time. At first I thought this was too fast, but when you look at the sheer size of the map I think the developers got the speed about right.As I mentioned earlier, it is a game that is heavily in development. That isn't a secret. Why would I or anyone buy a game that isn't even finished? This is easy to answer.... because even in it's current stage of development, it is better than many AAA games out there, and it is without doubt the best age of sail game ever produced.Finally, (well almost) I would be lying if I said this game didn't have a steep learning curve, and there is no official game manual or tutorial yet. However, there is a help chat in game that all players of varying levels of experience willingly provide help to rookie players. To say that the player community is helpful is an understatement. It never ceases to amaze me how patient the vast majority of players are when providing support to new and not so new players. No question is too dumb :)I started this review by asking if Naval Action was the game for you. If you have read down this far then I would say don't wait any longer, just buy it!!!It's a great game, great people play it, and it is developed by passionate people."
76561198006430096,Recommended,311310,26433251,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[DGM] Zooloo,"This game is awesome !You get to play beautifull ships in an eve online mmo type environment. Graphics are quite good and immersion is great.Pros :- Naval combat gameplay is great. You have to deal with wind, gravity, penetration, waves... You can damage enemy's sails to harm he's speed, his crew to harm ship handling and canons reload and his hull to sink him. This mix allows a wide variety of tactics, skill is extremely important and you can surprise your enemy by mixing things up.- You can play any way you want. Trade, craft, play pve for lvl ups AND practice (very important before you start pvp).When you pvp you can play as a soldier in the army and work together in the conquest of enemy ports, as a privateer and kill players in hotzones to harm enemy nations, or as a pirate type hunter boarding traders for valuable cargos.- A cruel world : When you loose a battle, you really loose something if you cant escape ; your ship, your cargo, your mens, your officer... But not everything. Ships have several ""lives"", same for officer, and if you dont play like a fool, you'll manage... But this sensation of ""real death"" in defeats brings immersive tension to fights.- I cant list everything i love about the game... Just too many.Cons :- An unfinished product : Interface is ugly, rules are changing from patch to patch, but it's all about the early access state of the game. I have no doubt the game will become more user friendly at release.- The relation between OW accelerated time and battles real time. When you sail in open world, time passes faster, your ship moves faster etc. Obviously because if it was not, sailing from one point to another would take way too much time. But battles are played in ""real time"" so the devs have to find a way to make things fair about this, because you can not allow a player who is 5 hours of real sailing away from his clanmate to be able to join and help him in 5 minutes. Which means the game has to pull some artificial engagement rules to make things fair+fun+realistic. And, this is not polished yet in my opinion but hopefully it will come."
76561197987588958,Recommended,311310,22810545,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,killergold88,"This is an amazing ""Sim"" set in the 18th century. Man-o-Wars, Frigates, Brigs, and so on. Even named vessels are available, such as the Essex, the Constitution and the Victory. (and more)For an early access game this game is pretty well polished. A nice selection of ships for the state of the game from 7th Rate all the way to 1st Rate.The graphics are beautiful. The water looks spectacular, and thats a good thing for a ship game. The Ship models look outstanding as well. Then there is combat; when those cannons flash out in front of you and you lose all direction from the gun smoke rolling across the water, and as the cannons impact you can watch sails tatter and shrapnels of wood spray into the air. Just amazing.The main practice of the game is warfare (both PvE and PvP), however there are rather good trading and crafting elements built into the game as well. A sort of... Elite Dangerous but with boats.I do recomend this game, however be warned, this game is a time sink. Even traveling around the map can take hours of sailing. A larger battle can also take upwards to an hour sometimes more, but this game is not boring even with the lengthy battles and travel times.Overall I look forward to what this game has to offer in the future as even in its current state it is very playable and Ive already sunk (<- ship pun) hours of time into it."
,Not Recommended,311310,32724189,Posted: 24 June,all,itzjustmem8,"I would have given this game a good review but:It's way over priced (i think it should be about £13)It's UI is not user friendly, it's clunky and when you are buying ships there is no image to show you what the ship you're buying looks like, you would just have to search it up.It can get repetitive a lot of the times, but the combat system isnt bad at all i would give this game a 5-6/10This game does have some potential."
76561198020059825,Not Recommended,311310,32332040,Posted: 10 June,all,WhoShotMe,"Just nope, 1 dura ships love the feature agree with the change 100% but crafting is broken, marks are a horrible grind feature and can not capture ships anymore."
76561198041092375,Recommended,311310,26471052,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,jfoytek,"Be it known I have recently gotten the game  (11/3/2016) about the time I got it there was a huge wave of recently negative review's because the player base is Whinging about not being able to build there precious Exceptional ships whenever they like with next to know effort, because that is what they have gotten use too....All I can say is GOOD....  I am also looking forward to the server wipes that WILL come pre-release...This is after all a game in Alpha that is not finished.The fact that this game has recieved so many negative reviews is just a straight up TRAVESTY of epic proportions!But hey its the new generations way, if everything is not handed to the new generation with a silver spoon well lets right a review crying about how dumb the developers are for making the game harder!!!Okay now that I have gotten the above out of the way!  Its time for an honest review....This game is a Masterpiece!!!!  Its not polished, its got alot of tweaking and fine tuning to iron out but the core concepts are rock solid.  Its the first MMO I have started playing in years that has actually hooked me and kept my attention, this is a rare gem.Most games today Pre release in a terrible state, they have nice graphics and thats about it, its like the video game industry has turned into a major cash grab.  This game atleast doesnt leave you feeling cheated...So what is it?Its basically Pirates of the Burning Sea without the Tiny Fast forward OverWorld map...  In Naval Action you still have an over world map and you then zone into the battle but its 1 to 1 so that makes the over world large and spacious its genius really....  Its exactly what PotBS always needed....  So now you can sail around and you may not see another player for 5, 10 , 15 minutes or you might see 6 of them in less then 5 minutes...  So makes for the perfect balance on PvP and PvE all on the same map!-However Naval action has cut down on the number of ships you see in the over world dramatically compared too PotBS.  This can at times make the world feel empty or dull, but ultimately as a person that loves realism I still love this because its realistic  if you were cruising around the carribean back in this day you would not see ships EVERYWHERE...-One Major issue with Naval Action is the Over abundance of players with 1rst 2nd and 3rd Rates....  Infact thats like 95% of the playerbase...  And they all seem to have this point of view that its there inherit right to own a 1rst rate...  This really makes the game feel cheesy and gay when everyone is running around in an exeptionally crafter 1rst rate...Thankfully the developers have started to take steps to make exceptional ships harder to make and larger ships harder to make....  This is MUCH NEEDED but it also created all those Negative reviews from the spoiled playerbase complaining about how they had the stuff to make a 1rst rate yesterday and now they don't.... BOO HOO cry more!!!This game has a vast array of resources, materials, trade commodity's it has the tools and potential to create a game with an economy to rival Eve Online....However Currently the Economy is broken money is stupidly easy to make, ships are stupidly cheep to buy and the playerbase as a whole is spoiled rotten, and they feel that money is too hard to make???As a new player less then 4 days into the game I have over 3 Million gold which I could use to buy my way into the elite ship club?!?  After 4 days???  And it wasnt hard nor challenging to accomplish this....  So I dont understand all the negative reviews and all the crying....  The Dev's are making steps in the right direction to fix the economy and I pray they stick to there guns and keep going as the Player base is obviously not always right....So overall this is one of the best new MMO's to release in ages....In many ways its everybit as good as PotBS wasIn many ways it needs alot of tweaking and adjusting to make it what could be a Masterpiece.And in many ways its not as good as PotBS....However if you enjoyed PotBS or if you enjoyed Port Royal games or you liked Eve Online...  This game is in Alpha and even in its unfinished state can rival all those games and give you right now an amazingly fun game experience!!!11/28/2016 Update the I still feel the same way about the above review!"
76561197991178824,Not Recommended,311310,32048404,Posted: 29 May,all,Aodhgan,"Decent ship to ship combat simulation, but the strategic portion of the game can't seem to find its footing.  More casual players will find themselves excluded from some of the strategic elements.  Staying competitive in PvP is much more difficult now without a significant time investment. Navigation tools are worse than what sailors of the era actually had available.The community used to be one of the better online, but has become increasingly toxic.  I do not recommend this game for minors."
76561198173559767,Not Recommended,311310,32779671,Posted: 25 June,all,Celasun,"Naval actionWel Its a great game overall but a a new comer a little bit to grindy all together.Grinded my way in a short time up to Rank Ravanger, was making  acouple mill a day as a new comer, that money was mosly spend again in triening to upgrade my crafting level, reached like rank 15 had supplies for getting higer but was short on some supplies to craft ships. Got my self at the biggining 3 trader brig costing me like 150 000 a pice, (lost 1 and replaced it after i counterd an alt) was able to Upgrade my self to later 2 Indiamans ( circa 700 000 + a pice) and a 2 Trincommelee (white on white) ( one of the big clan members was kind enough to craft me one if I deliverd the mats) Traded for a while and got gank by 2 of the moderators with the highest rank avalible in the game. ( They where even really disrespectfull about it, basicly where humiliating the outnumberd newcommer) Had 2 Indiaman left and 2 trins so, so I keept playing, but moved my trading someplace else. After 2 days got ganked again by the same moderators and was left with basicly with no Trade ships also not able to craft due to the lack of trading skill and coins. So the onley thing I had left was 1 Trin with no money to buy cannons for it, cause with the last money had I had bought some recources to sell so I can level up a little more. Without being able to Craft things my self or most people are not willing to craft for you, I decided to not futher invenst time in this game.And Note:If you think you can flee while beining gank well you got it wrong, there is a perk that keeps you locked your not able or alowed to leave that era, Fir on fir or speed upgrades doesnt matter at all at that point.It costed me a lot of effort and time also had some fun while doining so but for a newcommer it feels like a bad second JOB. Most people who are playing are way more advanced to the game and have not the same skills for the advanced part of the sailing. By the time you are so experianced you proberberly be a couple months further. There are lot of alts in game so far I noticed, some are used for trading other are used to infiltrade another faction.As a noob you might think  ow.. so pirates dont attack each other atm , cause thats the untold part (what they agreed on in general) and then suddenly some alts come from the GB faction joins your mission out of the nowhere Ganks you and leaves you with nothing, so you can grind your way up again. Yes... Really fun when your not expecting a multiple pirate 3 rate ships nuke your in the store bought Belle Poulle that you also was undercrewing to go to the bottom of the oscian.So in general the new guy will mostlikly will not get support by anybody specially at the start, most will not even take you in there clan because of the alt clan spie isuees. This mean that if you loose somthing you cant make your self like a simple trading vesel,... well you have the option to buy it for the insanly priced ships from the store that people are selling,... ow wait you dont have no money,... wel thats to bad,... back to the basic cutter doining level 1 missions again...yeah... great!So as game its great its nice looking and the moddels of the ships are pretty cool. But from the gameplay aspect its to much grind specially for newcomers that need to try beining on the same line as the older player base and with this I onley mean as captian rank and craft rank, so you can support on your own.The economic,... yeah wel as mostly a trader I can say,( and as someone that played simular games older versions but olso same aspect), its not working, Players basicly abuse the buy order fuction soA)  you cant sell that product at that port anymore because they are asking lower  price buyorder then you buy certain thing.B)You cant Buy some stuff because some clans basicly put high priced buyorders everywhere where they have that rescource onley and just stcuk them for them selfs.C)Most of the time you cant either sell player made goods because they are so insaily priced...And do you really want to travel 2 real live hours so you can make 200 profit on playter based items?But nevermind was hoping it to be a really fun game, while in some aspect it really is but for me in personal the time spent feels more like a waste. And for the people considering buying this game, keep in mind that this is a game where you mostlikly almost everytime will get gank. Forget about goining solo or kinda on your own doining your thing."
76561197998858573,Not Recommended,311310,32634086,Posted: 21 June,all,mm3_al,"I want to love this game, Sid Meier's Pirates was Carttony, Port Royal you spen too much time micro managing.  this game puts you in the Captain State room of ever increasing ships.  The problem I have is that the DEVs cannot balance this game to save it.  Every patch is an attempt to balance the last patch, and roll out new content, the frustrating part is that their is no ramp up of skills, you need to know everything, without a tutorial, on your first sortie.  the grind is slow and painful, and it is too easy to lose everything because you were put in an impossible situation.The current Patch has changed the game into a Rouge style game."
,Not Recommended,311310,30888327,Posted: 1 April,all,Jase Man,This game is as wide as an ocean.............But as shallow as a puddle. The toxic devs and community ruined it for me.
76561198041473849,Not Recommended,311310,32194247,Posted: 5 June,all,Wetndirtyballz,"Great looking game, followed it for a long while before I could buy it. Wish Steam would allow you to get a refund from Early Access games so developers couldn't slack off and just take our money. Way to many games nowadays claiming ""Early Access"" then after a few months/years they decide to abandon it or slow way down on progress if at all. This is one of those.  Also a game for those on Welfare that have all the time in the world."
76561198079788963,Not Recommended,311310,33161249,Posted: 2 July,all,Gaston,"Not what we wanted out of the game as a community. Devs really ♥♥♥♥ed it up, but I'm hoping they can realize their mistakes and I can turn this into a positive review. Game really was great before, but has slowly gone downhill. Not worth the money at this point."
,Not Recommended,311310,33608783,Posted: 17 July,all,Shuhac,"WARNING!You must buy multiple copies of this game to be competitive. Players can keep an ""ault"" in your nation and buy all of the ships and supplies from your Nation's market and sail it pack to theirs. The only way to combat this is to buy an ault to attack other players aults, or attack the other Nation's market the same way. This can be hard to deal with as a new player because it makes it imposible to get a good ship at a reasonable price.I'm sure the Devs have every motivation to stop people from paying multiple times for their game for cheating purposes.This seems to be killing the game for everyone without at least three accounts. That is a cost of $159. to play PvP in Naval Action."
76561198008850467,Not Recommended,311310,32137142,Posted: 2 June,all,b.westall,usedv to be a great game .to much messing with a good thing.maybe wait and see if they can fix it.
76561197998499882,Recommended,311310,20785898,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,patkill [160th SOR],"Easy to play hard to master, If you liked naval combat in Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag, this is an open world game with the same mechanics and a more deep trading and combat system. Not sure why they are calling it early acces though looks to me a complete and bug free experience, All it needs is a few more game modes and for them to NOT DO DAILY SERVER MAINTENACE at PEAK Australian times please! Thats my only complaint so chuck some sea shanties on and give it a go you won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,311310,20869370,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Binky,"Pros:Sandbox - equally viable for casual play and hardcoreBeautiful visuals that will only improve when it moves on from AlphaSurprisingly smooth - has never crashed on meCombat is dynamic, there are different ways to fightEconomy is dynamic, there are different ways to make moneyStrategic gameplay is possible (and necessary if you want to ""win"")Cons:The first hours in the game can be confusingInformation is scarce - everyone is too busy playing to write down how to playCooperation and leadership are extremely important to fight for control of the sea, but as of right now there aren't any game mechanics that help clan leaders gently guide their squeeky sheeple contingent to victory."
76561198191899722,Not Recommended,311310,32127461,Posted: 2 June,all,315721839,GREAT MARKS FOR EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,311310,32068789,Posted: 30 May,all,ShiftySquirrel,"Read the Update patch notes, they seemed to have fixed things, I have lost all hope for the game and have no intention of actully checking to see if they did. The devs hav lost me on this one.I have enjoyed my time on this game until the latest rounds of updates, and changes, and after enduring many threats of the big wipe, Now it is here. The devs have managed to screw over the majority of the long term players in the wipe, the redeemables are nice, the xp and the 4 ships but you cannot use any of them without gold, thus making them useless without a massive grind for gold(something I and other don't want to do again).The grind has now been made almost impossible as the NPC mission ships are 1 to 2 rates over yours, the cost of replacing crew and fitting ships has become an insane task. To fit a brig with cannons cost more than the ship itself, as does to replace the crew. Each update makes it harder and harder for new players and and the ones that return. You need to either be in a clan or have a constant group of friends on to make it anywhere.The devs have managed to take away any casual gameplay aspects away and make it a second job!"
76561198052743399,Not Recommended,311310,28520455,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BobDoleReigns,"This game had potential, but so did the Titanic... for more than $5 I wouldn't recommend taking the risk.While the game has its ups and downs, the development feels more like its taking shots in the dark than actually making progress. Interestingly enough this game has some of the best and worst customer relations I have ever seen. The developers are very active on the forums, both steam and otherwise, however, I'd guess that half of that time is spent arguing with players and/or forum naziing 'unpopular' ideas or threads. I'm not saying the customer is always right but when the developers make a forum thread about a review calling them out on being hostile and vindictive is that not proving the reviewers point?Of course, then you have the completely out of touch updates, encouraging cowardly exploits. You have a problem with people hiding from combat in the battle results screen (which is easy to get without actually fighting) so you give people the option to magically teleport to safety after a fight? What is wrong with you? Do you play your own game? The level of absurdity is astounding... ""we're going to fix this exploit by making all the nagative aspects of it a feature instead'... please, give up programming and get honestly dishonest jobs like pickpocketing or mugging."
76561198016955373,Recommended,311310,20966748,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Joker,"I have never written a proper review for a game on Steam before, but I feel as if I have to for this game.In short, it's beautiful.The Open world is gorgeous and seemingly full of activity that ranges from lone/grouped pirates on the hunt, AI fleets or trade ships are full of cargo and are ready to be plundered. The map is stacked full of visitable ports/cities (as long as your nation has a hold of it).The combat is in-depth and can be complex. That being said it can also be forgiving against the AI and the game developers allow you to have unlimited free repairs for the beginning ship which gives you the freedom to test your skills without punishing you.Everything from the winds direction, the waves & the caliber/type of your guns can affect the course of a battle significantly, which adds an unexpected element to the battles. Does your enemy have long range cannons or Carronandes? Are you Up wind or Down wind? Is there a storm at the moment, or is the ocean calm? This all adds a unique experience to each and every battle which personally, keeps me drawn in.PVP is awesomly fun, with both open world PVP or Small/Large battles you que up to and play in. They are generally 10v10 for small battles and 25v25 for large battles, which can get hectic but are always fun. Teamwork plays a major factor, shepherding ships across friendly broadsides, keeping the ship distracted while a friendly rakes their stern or even assisting in boarding by grape shotting the enemy ship (careful not to hit your friendlies).The ship designs are wonderful, even though I would prefer to be able to see my crew during the open world sailing. Each ship has different characteristics, some being hulks with more guns or corvettes built for speed which allows the player to explore with their prefered traits.The crafting system also allows players to construct and modify ships to add special abilities. For example, a Snow- typically a slower ship- can have upgraded rigging and be built out of a lighter wood, which will increase it's speed for a lack of armor.I would prefer if they added some in-game music from the era, but I usually just remedy that with some youtube of either the Assassins Creed Black Flag sea shanties or some classical music from Mount and Blade: Napoleonic Wars.The community is wonderful and always ready to help, which is quite rare in my mind. It may be because the game has a bit of a learning curve that it deters people who would rather ""troll"" then play properly. Some people have been around for a long time, and some since the steam release and they integrated quite easily to form a very solid community that I am happy to be apart of.Overall I honestly suggest this game even though it's in early access. It is not one to miss if you are in love with the era or if you are naval fanatic like I am. If not and are hoping to dabble into the genre, this is a great start - the game is forgiving to new players & the community is willing to help teach you the basics."
,Not Recommended,311310,31986242,Posted: 26 May,all,Konopka,"Not recommended!Do not buy game.I love 1700 era and all those ships and cannons... this game got awesome sounds and very good start for best game ever.Sadly they ruining game more and more and it already lost all fast pvp battles....all ships got only 1 life now so after you using  5-12 hours grinding gold so you can get next lvl ship with all cannons.....and you lose it in 1 battle then all that work have gone for nothing. Basically this is only gold grind simulator and nothing more...no big wars anymore,no pvp battles...nothing expect gold grind and thats  very slow."
76561198013601014,Not Recommended,311310,32192401,Posted: 4 June,all,MERC Major Gosnell,"Before I get into the negatives,let me say I really want this game to succeed.It fills a niche that I have for the age of sail.However due to poor development I can't recommend it in its current form.The game has now become needlessly grindy. And panders to a small portion of players who can dedicate anunreasonable amount of time.They have also split the community through bad server localisation.Which means servers will have less than 200 people at post peak times."
76561198007304555,Not Recommended,311310,33630823,Posted: 18 July,all,Jezz,"Wanted this game when it first came out , thought id wait a while to let it develop.Yeah wenrt and bought game. I WANT A REFUND.This has got to be the worst game i have had the unfortune to  buy.Economy BROKEN. SUPER LONG  GRIND. WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE THE RULESWHATS THE POINT CLAN KILLS NEWBIES NO NEUTRAL GAMING CANT JUST TRADENot impressed and i thought warthunder was bad"
,Not Recommended,311310,30487860,Posted: 13 March,all,M-A-X-E™,i cant recommend this game at all .. the dev team ON THIS TITLE  dont follow the players wishes or recommendationsthe Ship warfare is unbalanced and the harbour ports are a 1 screen Bad Old Norton system experience ...there is no Avatar in it and you cant be captain either .. so you have a boat Huraaay on that ..IF and i SAY IF this game should be any good in the near Future they would need to add contents to the game as they have in Man O´War or Blackwake or Tempest or Sea and dogs .. or RISENA store line and some LORE god dammit  .. the game is a dead Fish in a pawn as it is now ..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iORsSahgFU
76561198006723309,Not Recommended,311310,30417860,Posted: 9 March,all,NessyXXX,Could have been great but there has been no major improvements.  I have seen no major upgrades or improvements to UI or game interest/story line.   Great visuals of ship and battle is ok but there is no game depth what so ever.  I understand it is early access but it has not changed at all in months.
76561198075339290,Not Recommended,311310,32169574,Posted: 4 June,all,biggnasty,Do not buy in current state or waste your time playing until finished.
76561198236561738,Not Recommended,311310,32853461,Posted: 27 June,all,edgard_kala,"If you like sailing around doing nothing, than this is the game for you!I do love my ships, but boy is this game grindy!The map is huge! But is it too huge?Sailing from one port to another where there's nothing but sky and see sounds good, until your sitting at your PC waiting for anything to pop up in the horizon.Traveling is slow, battles are slow, everything seems too grindy.When I first started the game I waited a while for the UI to load, only to find out that it was fully loaded. If only there was things to look at. I hope you know you ships, because there's no images until you buy and set sail.I could go on; but over all it's a good game idea, just not fun to play.Not sure if I'm going to wait to see if the UI at least gets better or if I'll cut my loses and use my refund on a game where I feel I'm not waisting my time watching a small gunboat sail in a stright line for hours.Good graphics, but......... yeah, I got my hopes up."
,Not Recommended,311310,30776315,Posted: 27 March,all,Kronk the Leverpuller,"+ Nice combat+ Pretty nice graphics---------------------------- Nazi devs, will remove comments if they are somehow negative.- Grindy af, gl getting anywhere if you don't play 5H+ a day.- Has around 800 players online during peakhours- Wayyyy too expensive.4/10, can be fun if you have friends, which I don't have :(, and you have a fat stack of wad that you cannot spend on anything else."
76561198366886484,Not Recommended,311310,30833956,Posted: 30 March,all,Luwin,"I bought that game because i watched a few videos on youtube about it. The fights with frigates are great. There is just one problem with it: You don't get any. Playerbase dropped down to not acceptable levels. But its not about the game itself, no, it's about developers that don't have any clue to develop an MMO. With one patch they deleted the timers to join into a running fight, with the next patch they put it back in but much longer. So what the hell are they doing!? With right now implemented timers for OW-Battles you will always end up in a gank, because you need to go to enemy capital to even see enemy players! So if you are in the lucky position to engage into a fight, more and more enemy players join in, till you need to run or die. Thats fun... no, not really.Save your money, don't buy EA and keep away from Gamelabs."
,Not Recommended,311310,28914820,Posted: 1 January,all,Katmai7,"I regret having to write a review on an early access game but each patch to the game by the developers have taken it further from it's original purpose which is a ""ship vs ship"" game set in the Napoleonic wars era of tall ships.  The ""action"" in the title Naval ""Action"" is nothing but a lie.  As each patch gets progressively worse, the server populations have plummeted.   The developers have spent too much time trying to create a faulty open world with great but rare  instanced combat.   If you are entertained by hours of sailing for the purposes of  trading or crafting  with very little other player interaction, this may be the game for you.   There is standing joke among Naval Action players that Naval Action is the game you play while you play other games or watch Youtube videos.  At the present time I would not recommend investing time into the game.  I feel that I am seeing a game under development on the edge of failing and I predict that it will be nothing but a memory in less than six months."
,Not Recommended,311310,32009881,Posted: 27 May,all,Antonytycoon,"I bought this as soon as it became available and I loved it, sadly the game has changed a lot and not in a good way. Naval Actions is moving further away from its original direction and is limiting what one can do as a single player. I hope I can change my review to positive one at a later date but fornow, I'm done with the game.Please start listening to the community, devs."
76561198005873959,Not Recommended,311310,32897792,Posted: 27 June,all,Lathazak,"The ship to ship action is excellent, the models detailed, and the sounds great. Unfortunately, the game has always been a bit of a grind, I've never had enough time to get very far, and the most recent updates have increased the grind to unbearable levels. This was one of my favorite games, but now it's falling apart. It would be incredible if only it was accessible to people who can't spend all day every day playing it.Unfortunately, it's only getting worse with every update. instead of rolling back poorly recieved ideas, the devs just keep pushing them. To top that off, in the most recent update, they blamed the players for their ideas not doing well, saying ""Despite it being a good idea, it was poorly received by players."" Despite it being a good idea? The reason it's poorly received is because it's a bad idea.In short, the devs have made huge mistakes that they refuse to admit to, which have resulted in the game no longer being enjoyable to play. And because the devs are too arrogant to accept the feedback of the community, I doubt that anything will change for the better anytime soon.There's not a moment to lose when it comes to avoiding this game."
,Not Recommended,311310,33612666,Posted: 17 July,all,The Hall of Cost,Used to be good.Now it is s.hit.All we can hope is that developers go completely under and some loving fans figure out how to set up either a single/multiplayer emu server of the older version.
76561198054908912,Not Recommended,311310,33674492,Posted: 20 July,all,[OD-S]shades,"Potentially a great game however completely un-optimised, un-updated and basically forgotten by the devs. No redeeming content or experiences that are not a result of player interactions. I definitely do not reccomend this game until some serious work is put into it."
76561198037645185,Not Recommended,311310,23735945,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,BlackWaterHops,"Game had potential and never went anywhere is the basic jist.Map has 330 ports yet only averages 600 players, thus less than 1.5 people per port in a map that spans from Charleston NC to Southern America.The devs refused to address the pirate problem or that it takes hours to get into a pvp engagment that may never materialize.The icing on the cake though is that they announce this summer sale without telling their loyal customer base who paid $50 for the game.Did they provide any redeemable ships or mods to the existing playerbase for paying full price, providing all the great content and feedback, NO.This game doesn't reward the loyalty of it's current players and now it's discounting the price to new players. The question  you have to ask yourself is:?  Given what you know now, do you trust the devs to finish the game? To correct pirate mechanics? To provide meaningful end-game content? To address the abyssmal 1.5 players per port?The answer is in their roadmap.We plan to open up the ""pacific"".*FacePalm*"
76561198036641619,Not Recommended,311310,29629027,Posted: 1 February,all,Rusty,I played it a long time ago and from the looks of the videos and everything i saw online it looked like a great game. I was mistaken.
,Recommended,311310,20973690,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,PentaStealz,"WARNING : DO NOT PLAY DRUNKIt's worth the $40, I've already bought two friends the game and 3 others have bought it. Buy it, you won't regret it.Great game, even better with friends, and if you don't have any friends you'll make some real quick because the community and clan system are great.It does have a learning curve, but there are so many great youtube videos and guides so you will never get stuck.I'd assume I'll be playing this game for a very long long time because of how dynamic the combat is and how beautiful the game is."
76561198155519581,Not Recommended,311310,32409136,Posted: 14 June,all,IT'S A BIG FACIAL XD,"Where do i start.....A long time ago in a very far far memory i remember this game being fun relaxing and diverse. The markets were even steven and leveling up was not as hard as warthunder or any other free to play game...The community used to be positive and players were dedicated but like peaceful times in Lord of the Rigns, things grew dark very quick.The darkness grew in this game because of the developers not keeping promises of dates, when updates would be released. But, i get it it's a small development team and sometimes there are delays but... you do not notify a player base which is only 1,000 strong at times with last minute changes, especially when it continues to decrease your player base.There were many negatives to this, one would be that my clan i was in and i was a long time commanding officer in the clan, i watched as our clan dissapated into nothing as people got fed up with the devs delaying updates.I will not talk about progression as i see this being a large issue. It used to be simple and easy to understand. You would join a clan or ask for help and people would go out with you to do missions or kill AI traders. When a patch came in last year it took away missions spawning near your capital, which put inexperienced players at risk from gankers ( pirates or someone attacking you ) so therefore they were forced to go out with more players for protection. In one hand you have group gameplay developing but in another negative leveling up and more hours needed to be gaining XP, not to mention waiting for others to play with you. This also led to what we see now.....    The devs increased the AI traders and missions closer to home but.... at what cost? now when noobs join the game and ask for help, where is it? no where...   All you see now is pople spamming them with messges to join their clans because they are short on members.Although there are quite a few negatives so far mentioned it is still a fun game but it requeires a large team or clan effort to now progress through the game. Which is great but is it nessicary?A year ago i would have reconmended this game but now i cant.I now go on about trading and where do i even begin to wonder where i start. Trading from April-September 2016 were good days for traders, yes resources where very abundent and you didn't have to travel far to do trading, which i guess is a negative but, when you compleatly change trading to limited ports to trade from and make the market crash all the time, players who dont access the game straight after a server restart are screwed!!!Another point i want to make is accessibility to ports from the dock. What do i mean by this? i mean teleporting. It used to more easier and convenient to teleport between ports to kill time sailing but now you cant teleport between free ports. Now i get it it's designed to get people on the open ocean more but, there is a limit to how much travel and time the majority of us are willing to give to a game that really does not deliver anymore.If you are new to the game i do recconmend joinin a clan as it is really the only way to survive in this game now. Yes you can do it alone but at the cost of all your social life and family time too.Throughout the years i have discussed many opinions with others and heard theirs, i have read forum posts and good ideas from the community. From what i have read and been told the community is looking for more customisation to ships, and i dont mean painting them yellow or pink but, natural dark coolors including painting your sails. It would make sence for pirates to have black sails and ships too or atleast giving them the option to.Another point that i came across was having the ability to craft individual ship parts, possibly crafting masts, sails and large major components of ships. This would bring more diversity to the market and expand the ability to specialise in certain parts of the trading gameplay.WORD OF WARNING!  If you are going to join a clan i would reconmend not joining two clans i know of as their leaders are toxic people and actually bully others. It's pretty obvious who these (SORRY) people are and how (VICIOUS) they are towards their own members. Clans who have been contributing to cheating, port swapping and money exploits dont deserve their accounts.Another word of advice if you actually decide to spend $30 on a game with the player base of under 1,000 people at most of the time is to not do the following; If you are pirate dont join a clan that is (SORRY) or attack other pirates or you will basically be labeled an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and will be ganked back all the time. Don't let others tell you what to do there are regulars who always talk in global chat who are the biggest homophobes and power trips ive ever came across since the good old call of duty days without stupid jump suits.Good luck to those who buy into the game you will sign your life away and become Ned Stark from Game of Thrones ( you knew it was coming but how soon ) And to those who will have a cry about this post, well it's a review i can say whatever i want. Keep in mind this review is by someone who has been playing since it's release on steam.Cheers lads."
,Recommended,311310,20795512,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mr. Shish K. Bob,-if you like potbs or voyage century than buy it.-if you like simulations and ships than buy it.-if you like adventure than buy it because this game's map have 1:1 caribbean and not have a map that shows you where you are you have to figure out with a compass and it's awesome.-tons of towns to be waiting to conquer.-if you like eve online or elite dangerous than buy it.-lovely modeled ships and lots of options.-tons of cannons and upgrades for your ships.-it's EA but game mechanics are so good and game nearly finished (ignore the ui)
76561197994802610,Not Recommended,311310,32174212,Posted: 4 June,all,konniainen,"Too much grind for progress. Way too repetitive slow gameplay with still unstable client where you lose what u have gotten in case of a crash, server prune or whatever reason."
76561198026912876,Not Recommended,311310,30601693,Posted: 18 March,all,Ripfin,"NO direction from the start,start with nothingbattle servers are emptysail and sail no chance of piracy...sail with a beginner ship no way to advancePerformance is totaly in the gutterThe pirate Carrabian hunt is free to play singleplay and blows this away."
,Recommended,311310,20956926,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Scotsman,"Good! But Slow.I'm not opposed to a 'grind' in a MMO.  I like when games make you work for it, and you have something  to strive for.  This game does that well when it comes to ships, and levels.What I mean by slow, is the combat itself.  Sure you can destroy a small ship with a large ship with ease, but when it takes 20 minutes for a group of players to kill one large ship, it's just silly, and feels like a big waste of time.  The biggest pain point is that when you destroy a side of a ship, it WILL sink.  There is nothing they, or you can do about it.  You can slow the death by going into survival mode, but death is inevitable.  So my question is. WHY NOT JUST SINK ALREADY!You cannot accelerate the sinking any faster.  If the armor is down on the ship, and you keep hitting the ship, it doesn't matter at all.  Just pound away for 3 minutes and the inevitable happens, or just turn sail and ride away and wait for it to sink.  JUST SINK, EXPLODE, DIE!The combat is good.  High skill based shooting, and strategy.  I've been playing solo, so it's not been nearly as fun as it would be with friends, like most games.  I do see a lack of end game in the current state of the game.  You pretty much progress in ships and xp for it's own sake.  The only end game I see is either just disrupting other countries with groups of players killing them, or taking ports, which is difficult, but relatively boring.Players of POTBS or BBO will see a lot of resemblence in this game, although this game seems more shallow, with less to do.  The boarding function is clicking what you want to do, not actually doing it.  No 'adventure' type thing.  No land based gameplay at all. (granted that was pretty lame in POTBS but it did add depth. Land combat which was boarding combat, farming, gathering ect.)Community is solid enough.  Lots of questions get answered pretty quickly, and you will have LOTS of questions your first week.  I'd definitely reccommend it if you are playing with friends, and hopefully the devs will come out with some more engaging things in the future, rather than running boring/slow missions, and fighting fleets for the sake of fighting fleets.  PvP is good, and fun, but also rather meaningless unless you go out and hunt players which will not be worth any kind of reward for the most part."
76561198083624043,Not Recommended,311310,28573635,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Bullwinkle,"Not ready for prime time yet and probably never will be.Beautiful combat mechanics don't mean a thing when boarding combat is a *really* stupid card game and the UI in major sections of the game is unfinished and the fugliest in any game ever. Economy is so broken, players won't accept money when selling stuff - you can only trade not buy because money is worthless. Crafting is a joke and everyone has a fleet of 1st rates. Hardcore players yell at each other for breaking the game (driving players away) by too aggressively attacking foreign nations. (An MMO should never break simply from  attacking enemies). Sailing speed between ports is too slow and the map too big. Boredom yawns and anger mixed with occasional pvp. No avatar. No walking around ports. Anything you do in port is done on a spreadsheet (funny how you don't see those screenshots on the store page!!) And there isn't much to do in port at all.Basically the devs are clueless and impotent. They have created a game that is unfishished and designed to break. Servers (all two of them) are empty. Players gather at a pvp-meeting place and waste hours chatting waiting for someone to show up.If you remember how badly the devs at Pirates of the Burning Sea broke the best game ever made, well, this game has equally clueless devs or worse. Servers go down daily for 1-2 hours and port battles are not scheduled at convenient times. Updates frequently make the game worse, not better. I would check back in a year, but don't expect much. Amazing potential that will never be realized. Do not waste your money, even on sale. Even if you are hardcore for sailing MMOs. Oh wait, this game never goes on sale - even with empty servers - that's how clueless the devs are!If you enjoy mindless hours driving a boat and playing it like Euro Truck Simulator with a chat window, this game might be for you."
76561198103809970,Recommended,311310,21953594,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,R0ckLobster,"If there was ever a game with so much potential, it'd be Naval Action.  By far and away the best sailing experience you will get out of a computer game. The finer parts of what the Devs have accomplished thus far would certainly be the optimization and multiplayer integration. Both of these two key features make the game a pleasure to play both alone and with others. The ship combat is amazing, firing a broadside into an enemy ship's hull is one of the most satisfying things in the game. The sound of the cannons is perfect and you can hear them roll out across the water like they should. The ships themselves are marvelous to look at and the scenery around them is wonderful. The only gripes I have with the game are the boarding experience is a bit lacking at the moment and the UI is underwhelming however the Devs have stated that it is only temporary. The game overall is wonderful to play and I would highly recommend the game if you are into the age of sail."
76561198125112267,Not Recommended,311310,29306437,Posted: 16 January,all,Storm Rider,"Dont waste your money and time on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is filled with the worse kind of people, a bunch of cowards. You either play this game in a big group or the cowards will group up and gank you.But not only that, the game is filled with mechanics that the developers introduce that break, after every new patch, something that used to work. These devs are completely♥♥♥♥♥♥ for everything they fix, they break two new things. They dont have a development plan, its all random stuff that are introduced. The player based economy is broken, the alliance system is completely broken, it allows 70% of a whole server to form an alliance against the remaining 30%. Its completely unbalanced to lower and most basic aspect, the ship battles. Its all ♥♥♥♥ed. Not to mention that the game is dying. Its not secret that the game is broken, and more and more, people are leaving it for good. PVP2 server has only about 90 players during prime time, and PVP1 is filled with the worst kind of teenagers.Save yourself from a lot of frustration and stay away from this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198010297317,Not Recommended,311310,21229654,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Cheeks,The game in its current state just feels like a grind fest. Theres very little to do apart from generic missions. Stay away if you hate grinding games.
76561198147311385,Recommended,311310,31212270,Posted: 17 April,all,OkIES,"Naval Action Early Access Review:Pros:Best in class sailing experience with medium to large ships hands down.Has wavesHas windLots of Ships to choose fromLarge open worldCan partake in extremely large ship battles either Player Vs AI or Player vs PlayerHelpful Community ( Srsly if you get lost and dont know what to do ask for help, Someone will help you )Currently the grind isnt very grindy at all :) ( this could change )TradePVPCons:No TutorialHard to get started without any assistance/guidenceCurrently there is a lack of players ( Most are idle waiting for release / next major patchSide notes:Some players fail to keep in mind that this is an early access and cry about things such as wipes when its stated from the very start.All things are subject to changeIf you get the chance/ offer to group with players, DO IT , it is alot of fun with a group and aslong as your in a ship that shoots 9pnd cannons you can do even some dmg to larger ships.Will update once released."
76561197987156213,Recommended,311310,21848770,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Cpt betty,"Imagine a less complex Eve:Online, but pirates instead.11/10 would get sunk by a single 70cannon broadside again"
,Not Recommended,311310,32041192,Posted: 29 May,all,Squazzie,I wouldn't reccomend this game to people i hate.
,Not Recommended,311310,33140082,Posted: 2 July,all,Nguyen Ken,"Played a little bit with my friends and here is my feedback:Pros:- Pretty fun mechanic if you are into naval war / fight- Sailing around is ok, pretty realistic at least for me- Fighting is fun, but prob not if you're impatienceCons:- Game is good if you're into sailing and fighting, other than that, just wait until they improve other aspect (trading for example)- Trading is basically ... non-exist (if you're into trading game with naval aspect ... wait until the game improve that)- UI is bad when in town (i know they put the alpha flag there ... but i thought it would be at least bare bone ... (nope, the UI in town is also .. non exist - like a beginner put it up in 1 hour or something)Conclusion: The dev is currently ""only"" focus on sailing, fighting part of the game, other part is non-exist so if you like fighting, yup get it, but other than that .. wait until it have more content"
76561198006769825,Recommended,311310,31948862,Posted: 25 May,all,Hidden Symmetry,"Great game, still under heavy development. As long as you don't get too attached to your things (a wipe has just leveled the playing field again, but ther will likely be at least 1 more wipe at release), you can have a lot of fun and try it out! :D"
76561197976437118,Not Recommended,311310,31611790,Posted: 7 May,all,Ravern,"I thought about writing a long review, but I'd just be wasting my time so i'll keep it short.Ship combat is great, everything else lets it down.The ""everything else"" has gone through alot of changes the last 1.5 years and the game has lost many players yet the DEV team believe it is the right direction.So much time is required now to do the basics like sail A-B  or acquire the larger ships the game is not fun.I think they are trying to make it similar to EvE Online with sailing ships.My advice is the check the official forums before buying, look for feedback from recent patches.  Most of the youtube videos are outdated and only represent the visual aspect of the game."
,Recommended,311310,20994573,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lorgarn,"Although being in Early Access, Naval Action has a very good foundation upon which the game is being built upon. They started with the very basics by first developing, fleshing out and testing the combat module years ago. It is clear that this is where Naval Action shines.It's not a true simulator by any means, however, it takes whatever realism it can and molds it into a fantastic gameplay experience. Sailing mechanics such as manually controlling the yards is extremely fun and rewarding as your maneuvering the battlefield trying to line up a perfect broadside. Constantly keeping an eye on the direction of the wind, the angle of your yards, the angle and direction of your targets yards and ship. Outmaneuvering your opponent can be a truly rewarding experience and most definitely will help you in coming out on top and surviving a battle.The 'overworld', or 'open world' part of Naval Action is very much so a work-in-progress. However, it shows us the potential of Naval Action as a large-scale war between multiple nations trying to outsmart eachother through stategical prowess and manipulating the political landscape. Naval Action has a long way to go but it has shown us that the concept works, beautifully so, and they plan to make it so much better.Albeit a tad bit pricey for being an Early Access game, I personally believe it to be one of the best we've seen thus far. So if you like the Age of Sail in general, perhaps the masterpiece film 'Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World', the great series 'Black Flag', you might want to check out this game."
76561198014021804,Not Recommended,311310,32030654,Posted: 28 May,all,warhead505,I really enjoyed the game with friends simplistic and nice to spend time in. But then after the wipe things became much different and the fun is just gone. Please don't put youre time in this if you're not willing to spend at least 150 hours in grinding. Because that's what the game is all about after the latest patch...Developers are so bad in their communication.. I believe this will stay an unfinished game until 2020.
76561197996835676,Not Recommended,311310,35120926,Posted: 21 September,all,mpat1202003,"If you are not the ""Hard Core"" PVP player prepare to be a second class player here. PVE server and PVE players are an afterthought and roundly held with contempt from both the devs and the ""Hardcore"" crowd. Keep moving if you want to relax and sail, you will just be burning your money."
,Not Recommended,311310,33775590,Posted: 24 July,all,Raise The Black,"I had extremely high hopes for this game. I am in love with the age of sail time period, and the game is pretty on point with that. However I was really expecting something like the Sea Dogs series, or even Black Flag, or even a simulator... It is none of these. It's an open world that you fight mainly A.I because nobody is ever on, the controls are extremely confusing for beginners, the naval combat is awful..On the bright side though, the game is absolutely gorgeous, and seemed to be optimized extremely well. With all the beauty, I thought it would be awesome to actually see cities that you're sailing up to, but it's just very basic.."
76561198058895409,Recommended,311310,20829724,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Casual Hunter,"Fantastic idea wonderful execution.The servers are great for US and EU players not sure about the rest of the world. It's very stable I've had no chrashes, I run on ultra with an i5 and a 970.The lack of tutorial and the very basic menus may be a negative for some but learning from the other players has been great for me.Anyway buy the game."
76561198101212283,Not Recommended,311310,33661064,Posted: 19 July,all,Badass,Every update seems to make this game more unplayable. No way to make money or progress in the game without investing absurd amounts of time in game (2000+ hrs). I am very disappointed as this game has the potential to be great. It is just not for the casual player.
76561198052329484,Not Recommended,311310,33641814,Posted: 18 July,all,Orange Joe,"It started out well though being early access.  However like most others have said it is becoming overwhelming tedious.  I enjoyed the game by fighting all of the time, its how I made money and leveled up.  By the way I reached the second highest rank and they stripped it away when it was first mentioned they would not.  As mentioned before it just started to become to much work for my play style of fighting and doing missions all of the time and along with the removal of my levels it left much to be desired."
76561198104089191,Recommended,311310,22184356,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Bushi Neko,"Well, a friend has been going about this for some time, and being a fan of wooden ships myself finally got to try it.WOW. This, this is a really great find for fans of the era, or just looking for something different.Some things you must have a basic understanding of before you play.. or you will be really frustrated... You will / can learn but better to admit to yourself what level you are before rage quiting.. take that frustration and learn how.. its not so hard.1. Real compass to map navigation. There are no giant quest guides. No mini map route to use. You have a map. You have a compass. Terms like S by SE begin to come clear.  If your in the deep water, landmarks dont exist.  You have your compass, the sun and you have to think about how long you have been sailing and speed.2. Sails / tacking etc.. The physics are pretty good in what I have seen. Fortunately you do have wind direction available on your compass.. a little knowledge of sails goes a looooong way.  Also remember.. these vessels dont stop, accelerate or turn on a dime. It takes the crew a moment to make sail changes also.Combat is really well done. Cannons, various ammo types of the time, shipboard musket fire.. boarding..The tide is with us, the wind fair, cast off!"
,Not Recommended,311310,32434223,Posted: 15 June,all,Anthony,"i want a game like naval action that isint naval action!OMG im so tired! no more i want my 60$ back when i first got this you will haft to work to long for anything in this game it absurd.  bin playing non stop for 3 days, good god thats about 324$ man hours if i just went to work insted. what do i have nothing but some 100,000 gold and im still in a cutter. BUT YOU HAVE 100,000 GOLD THATS SOMETHING RIGHT? NO! the cutter it sucks and it starts with 4 pound guns so like trowing rocks you can upgrade to 6 pound gun that give you a chance but thats 2,500 g per gun thats 30,000 gold ok that a less than half the gold i can make in 3 hours. but you can still sink and need to rebuy it and you will and i have. ok ill buy a beter ship? ok thats 40,000 for a privater (but market price's vary ALOT) 12 guns thats the same? you then haft to buy the guns 30,000. thats 70,000 for a ship that you can sink in the cutter?????? not including paying for repair,repairs kits,crew repairs kits,sail repairs kits, and crew. PLUS YOU COULD JUST BE UNLUCKY A GET SUNK RIGHT AWAY. especially on PVP SERVERS. I DONT GET IT AT ALL??? i could make my own ships but the shipyard costs 150000 why for the love of god why and that dosint include the cost of the materials. also i could make some new 6 pound guns for the cutter but the workshop is 100000??? the game (was) fun but with each update came more inaccessibility to the players yes some 30 hours and i had less than 10 min of fun. woooo. and the devs look to be catering to player's that have nothing beter to do than play there game for days on end. im just so done and my frends are too we kept saying next update we can start playing again. and nope still no good. im just gona say it the devs are Asshats that havent added any real content since it was made available on steam. and im so tired of nolifes saying (STOP BELLYAKING) or (GET GOOD JOIN A BIG CLAN) or (THE GAMES TO EASY, SAILINGS TO FAST ,TAKE AWAY THE MAP IT TO EASY) the game is so broken and the devs are to bizzy catering to these %^@#'s and go and eat this nagative review."
,Recommended,311310,28279218,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Shakar,"Naval Action is an open world sandbox sail simulation with a lot of potential.Actually it is in the Alpha stage and the interface isnt animated neither harbors.But the naval combat, the trading and economy system seems to be nearly perfect so this game can enter the next stage of creation, interfaces, town screens, pve quests fitted to the players rank.Overall a good base structure with the right development spot, the core programming.But it needs a graphic overlay too, this costs atmosphere, but lets wait until it enters the beta stage and how it looks like final."
76561198073727712,Not Recommended,311310,29544509,Posted: 28 January,all,kittenspiracy,"graphics are nice but the game is barely functional. its a steep price for the state that the game is in. its more like an investment into what the game could be in the future, high risk, possibly high reward, only time will tell."
76561198006607745,Not Recommended,311310,35168838,Posted: 23 September,all,DrunkenPussy,"A waste of money and time for everyone. User interface never improve, game stays at pre alpha state for ages. And this game got may be the most harsh grind for level up among all games on steam platform."
76561198057770361,Not Recommended,311310,24285339,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,sagehornkaleb,Open world would work had this been an open world game. It isn't. They need to streamline all their features into the open world experience or go back to what they had before. Instanced combat is not what I had in mind when I shelled out 40 dollars for this game.
76561198167921235,Not Recommended,311310,29681656,Posted: 3 February,all,anaxagoreselpis,"This is not a game, it is a naval simulator, do not expect to succeed or to have a fun time. The game sets you up for failure in the true 1800's naval warfare fashion. Do not expect your Cid Meier Pirates experience, the game play is so slow you will not realize your mistake until it is too late to return it.The simulator is so accurate it does not allow for enjoyable gameplay. After sailing across the map for hours constantly checking your co-ordinance with the map, there is no ""You are here"" mark, you might find an enemy that is of lessor strength then you. Upon activating an instance with that ship of lessor strength, for a ship of equal value I never encountered and ships of a higher value destroy you out right, the ship immediately begins to flee. The pursuit will take up to a hour and half and usually ends with you either facing into the wind unable to pursue or a larger ship entering the battle and destroying you. The canon reload time is extremely fast for naval standards or remarkably slow when compared to the pace of other games. Battles are long and usually end in failure, ideal for those of us who don't rely on success to release dopamine. Who wants to succeed to have a good time when it is far more realistic to fail.The in port actions are not explained within the game and reading through the tutorials I have learned that there is an optimum way of doing things, no competitive tactics or free choice involved. If you want to do things your way you will waste time and lose harder.Overall, as a simulator this product is amazing! Remarkably true to life, it offers all the frustration of life on board ship at the turn of the 19th century. Be prepared to spend hours sailing and still more chasing after your opponents for little reward, a tiny amount of experience and to end your days haul up on a lee shore. After all, the mariners of the past spent their entire lives chasing after fortunes that were just over the next horizon. We can't all be Admiral Nelson and this game certainly drives that point home."
76561198073154646,Not Recommended,311310,29810175,Posted: 9 February,all,Lord Tridax the Blood dragon,"It breaks my heart to write this review of this game as it has such great potential and is a beautiful game however resent things have come to light which is troubling for both those who play the game and its future. This is an email showing the disregard towards the people and why it shall fail in the long viewGame Labs<info@game-labs.net>11:24 PM (20 hours ago)to meHelloCaptain pickle have created multiple posts that required moderator review and did not move discussions forward or did not contribute to feedback. We have unfortunately no time to review posts like that as we have to work on the patch. Creating so many empty fake posts is considered spam and is against the rules of the forum.Thus we suspended your posting rights as a result. The interesting thing is that you made it on the day your premod was supposed to be removed.Solution. Remove your posts you sent for approval.This shows the level of compaction the developers have towards the community that are trying to help there game thrive and yet even to a simple request to interfere with the unjust ruling of THERE official forum which has slowly been made into the seed of the mixed reviews and will ultimately destroy this game as many other online games and even including Grand Theft Auto V which may be where this games fate lies.I have posted the whole event within the discussions under Injustice parts 1 and 2 so all may see the arrogance of the developers and there way of justice however a day into its release it was deleted so I shall continue looking for a location of which it can be put so it may be seen. So if you are looking to buy this game your taking a risk as the dev’s prefer to put things in the game that are senseless and game breaking and don’t even bother going to the forum if you want to try and make it better they will crush you like an insect with restrictions from hell, they might as well make the game for free if this is how they want to run it since most go that way anyways.not the injustice 1 and 2 dosnt exist they were spammed and removed by the creators of naval action."
76561198046138245,Not Recommended,311310,32155822,Posted: 3 June,all,x-masterx,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198006353287,Not Recommended,311310,26223109,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Worthington,"**DO NOT SUPPORT DEVELOPERS LIKE THIS**I wanted to like this, but the devs are terrible. No need for me to re-write all of this, see this post, it sums it up perfectly with facts to prove points:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991377081/recommended/311310/"
76561197963017995,Not Recommended,311310,21270919,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Drakedge,"Unfortunately at the present time I can not recommend this game. There are exploits that are being taken advantage of and the devs are not combating it. What happens presently is that the exploiters use two accounts let's say there's a port battle which is a 25v25 pvp fight, they end up taking their alt into that fight against themselves.Now the problem with this is, that they use that alt to then escape the battle as soon as it starts. Or they stop their ships, and never engage, and are never shot at either. This then locks out battle slots for legit players to be able to attack and or defend.When they leave the battle, it is not like another player can fill that spot. It is permanently closed.This makes the PVP side of things atrociously terrible these days and people like this are ruining this game. I have reported them, I have screenshotted them, I have filmed them doing this, but the devs are refusing to do anything about this."
,Recommended,311310,25372296,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ptilly,"After around twenty hours of in-game time with Naval Action in it's current state (Alpha 9.94), I can recommend this title without a doubt. Some strong features about this game are as follows;Pros:- Beautifully designed world.- Accurate, detailed ships.- Excellent graphics and visuals.- Realistic combat and movement speeds (Whilst in battles).- Friendly and helpful community.- Alot of satisfactory for purchasing a ship after grinding.Furthermore, such as every game, there are downfalls and cons, however, I can definitely say that Naval Action is limited in it's cons. Some of those are as follows;Cons:- A large grind for ships and such (This was not an issue for me, however, some may stray away due to the large amount of grinding necessary)- Excellent starter cutter to start things off (Free repair kits, Unlimited durability, etc.)- A basic, modern-esque user interface.- A somewhat lack of variety of ships.Thus, I would give Naval Action the rating of 8.5/10, Recommending it for anyone who is willing to spend their time on learning the ropes of this fancy game. Please keep in mind that this game is in Early Access, and this game will NOT be perfect, there WILL be bugs, there WILL be issues, and if you're not willing to sacrifice those issues for playing an Early Access game, then you'll need to wait to purchase /any/ Early Access game -- Remember to read the fine text before purchasing!Cheers!"
76561198062538904,Not Recommended,311310,31192951,Posted: 16 April,all,RealmLegion,"Warning read before you buy this game.Naval Action Game Developers FULLY SUPPORT Game Exploiters and cheaters.Below link is total proofhttp://imgur.com/a/zafrcThey allow atleast 1 clan to Dupe Ships and Top end mods for months as they knew about it. The developers never closed the loopholes and never informed the community. These cheaters played for months and didnt need to spend hours or 90% + game play to build / gather resources and transport them. Yet everyone else had too.  Developers never Banned a single offender for CHEATING AND ABUSING GAME MECHANICS.This is NEWS""BUT THEY WILL BAN YOU FOR SPEAKING UP IN THE GAME FORUMS not only on the Forums but the GAME ITSELF!DOnt agree with them they will Mute you everyway possible. THEY are even getting Ride of GLOBAL CHAT to keep everyone silenced.""Once players became aware it started dupe gate! Once Dupe gate started the Game Developers decided to totally change the core aspects of the game to cover up dupe gate. This game now 4 years into development yet they are still changing the fundamental game mechanics. They are trying to push this game out of development as broken as it is so they can start a New game. The Developers have posted since Steam release 3 times this game should have been released.  January 2017 was the last launch date for game release we are already 4 months behind and they have nothing tested.  These Devs are amature at best in developing MMO game play style. Todate they have sold over 95000 copies of this game and less then 1% play this game activly daily nevertheless 60% or more are alternate accounts. I know players with 5 accounts or more!"
,Not Recommended,311310,30945417,Posted: 4 April,all,Colonel Inviegle,"This game is barely alpha. It's a bad knockoff of Pirates of the Burning Sea.The interface is barley above a DOS level program and lacks even rudimentary functions to get you started. Combat is an exercise in frustration as NPC's are lethal while you can barely hit the broad side of a barn.Can this game be more enjoyable? Certainly, but not without a ridiculously steep learning curve that discourages anyone but a masochist from playing it.All it is, is a wooden ship combat simulator, and not a very good one at that.I accept that its in alpha test and it just embryonic right now, but there's no excuse for basic gameplay functions to be absent, like a working map function or a proper ship description. I am constantly told by the rather limited population that I will learn in time.Sorry, but if a game is not enjoyable from the get-go, it smacks of a failed attempt at cloning a far better version of another  put out years ago for the sake of capturing dollars. Lack of a finished game is one thing along with bugs, but an unenjoyable alpha is hot mess.I will continue to test the game and explore its limited gameplay value and change this review if the game changes as time goes by, but for now, avoid dropping retail money on a barely finished product. I'm sure I'm going to be roundly lambasted for this by the 50 or so people playing it.. so be it.UPDATE : Ok, I've now invested more hours in the game and I'm to at able least kill things and keep from getting killed all the time.That's something.But bottom line, the game is little more than a combat simulator, having no strategic or true MMO flavor to it-- its just mindless killing or getting killed and scraping up enough materials to build your fleet.Hardly worth the time you have to invest in it , to get good.A fresh interface instead of something out of the DOS era, and some true tools for players to interact and customize themselves would help enormously. Also a decent starting tutorial game which provides some immersion is needed before I could recommend this game to others for forty bucks."
,Recommended,311310,31343876,Posted: 24 April,all,[3rdFG] Major Thomas Lawford,"This game is for those who love naval combat. I have always wanted a game similar to this one since playing games like Napoleon Total War and Empire Total War. However, it is a game that requires a lot of time to progress in. I will grind out new ships or another player level for a month or two then I will stop playing the game for a month. There are a few items that this game does have going for  and against it:PROS- It is the most in-depth naval simulator of the Age of Sail that I have seen to date- It has an outstanding community of players that are always willing to help- There is a dedicated following for the gameCONS- Grind intensive leveling-up process- Long sailing times (I like this, but for a lot of people it makes the game difficult to play)- Primative interface; the boarding and port interfaces could use a face liftOverall, I love this game when I am playing it. I recommend it to anyone who loves the Age of Sail or games that just look good."
,Not Recommended,311310,32651016,Posted: 22 June,all,Duke Lemon,I haven't played this game since it first went public and am disapointed to see that it has only gotten worse in my absence.
76561198008662293,Not Recommended,311310,33827848,Posted: 27 July,all,chaos,"Hello captains,fisrt of all excuse me for my english...The game as game is excellent , fantastic idea very realistic and very nice combacts!The develop team must go home!!the dont care about nothing!!!they do nothing!the game at the beggininig was super but now it sucks...GIVE OUR MONEY BACK - DEVELOPERS GO HOME -DEVELOPERS GO HOME-DEVELOPERS GO HOME"
76561198032197908,Not Recommended,311310,34003633,Posted: 3 August,all,shr84,"I really tried to love this game, but it just is too much lack of the content this game is promising that i can give a thumbs up.Initially i bought this game to experience huge epic 40 ship, mixed fleet (ships of all kinds and classes combined on each side/in each team of the battle) multiplayer battles like in many youtube videos shown.I bought this game when it wentearly access and was lucky enough to experience a hand full of this engagements.Unfortunatly shortly after the devsintroduced ""open world"" to naval action.All in all it was a good idea, but as the devs stated on release: ""either it makes thegame epic or breaks it completely"".Imho the letter is the case.Their simply aint enough players around to keep the open world thing intresting regarding to naval action.Mostly you do missions alone against A.I. (bots) over and over again.This game has become some kind of singleplayer experience somehow.Their was a good feature where you coud take""fleet missions"".in them you fought against 4-8 enemy bots with an equal number of bots on your side.Created at leastsome feel of fleet action.Unfortunately the devs removed the bots on your side entirely makes the whole fleet mission affaire completely nonsense because you barely find any people that gonna do fleet missions with you.Furthermore the community of this game is about 300-400 people that play actively at any time of day.They are the leftovers from the starved out playerbase which counted 1800 once.I have to say these people are also kinda strange, seeing naval action as a closed society which.They act like they mastered something in life (not clear to me what this shoud be) that makes them very special, and furthermore A MASSIVE♥♥♥♥♥♥Me at least not want to take partin their wierdo daily chase for gold (of what they have multiple millions) with no end in sight.TLDR: good idea, bad execution.If you not willing to burn thousands of hours into a mostly singleplayer experience spare the money."
76561198113412754,Recommended,311310,21241566,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,AFK_Troll,Great game with a good community.
,Recommended,311310,20863204,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,[midgetgrimm]™,Epic ship battles. Hope there is more content coming.
,Recommended,311310,21243828,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,7Grams,Open World PvP Sand Box Massive battles Beauitful GraphicsSkill based PvPPvP2- Join Pirates If you want Good PvP
,Not Recommended,311310,32424960,Posted: 14 June,all,Darkhorse 1-6 [21CW],"It was good for a little bit, but then to protest stupid things the devs were doing the largest clan in the game switched to the pirate faction and trolled everyone else by taking their top tier ships over with them through exploiting. I got tired of fighting 3-deckers in a raft with a gun & haven't touched it in months.@King of Crowns - I haven't played since... last summer or fall maybe? It just got increasingly ""meh""-ier, and even in the rare instances where we managed to cobble together a coalition to oppose those guys we were vastly outmatched. I stood against about 12 of them at 3am when I was the only one to respond to the warning that they were about to take Mobile (one of my hometowns irl). Me in my tiny♥♥♥♥♥little ship (which took months of grinding and help from a small clan), firing shot that bounced off their hulls 2/3 times. I survived for 15 minutes, mostly because they were laughing, and rammed my burning hulk into one in a failed attempt to take him down with my magazine. The game mechanics and the grind were absolute crap. even back then, and solo players pretty much didn't exist."
76561198167212124,Not Recommended,311310,33074742,Posted: 1 July,all,Trouble,"i loved this game, it was the best, i worked hard to get a fun ship and was enjoying it. But the last patch made that imposable. it made it too hard to get guns to even man your ship unless you are a harcore trader and it mad it imposable for part time players to have fun. i dont recoment it, but if they change it back to how it was i would suggest you buy it as it was one of the best games ever for the age of sail."
76561197973314185,Not Recommended,311310,32614995,Posted: 21 June,all,Mr_LightWell,"I feel like I keep coming back to this game after its initial spark of unique open world ship, action, strategy, mmorpg promise but that spark hasnt ignited into anything.the interface is laggy, uninspired, and long overdue for update.the game hasn't created confidence in a long term commitment as they keep wiping the server and player inventories"
76561198011056747,Not Recommended,311310,25185955,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,SBaxter2064,"The game has considerable promise, but has a long way to go towards catering to both PvE and PvP players. Many recent patches, and ones that have been announced as upcoming features, cater solely to the PvP community and two PvP-specific servers (the PvE server seemingly being regarded as an afterthought and footnote). There are no plans on the part of the devs to implement missions beyond a ""go here, shoot this"" mentality. No discussion has taken place, and no announcements have been made, concerning upcoming PvE-specific items. If you are looking for missions and questing, Pirates of the Burning Sea may be more for you."
,Not Recommended,311310,32574341,Posted: 19 June,all,[VGS] Kraken,"a couple months ago I would have called you stupid for NOT trying this game...Now on the other hand you're stupid if you pay more than £10 for it.Absolute trash patches have destroyed what this game was or will ever be.Don't be fooled by the videos/pictures here or anywhere else. The game is no longer like that.Expect to be ganked by 3-4 players everytime you do a mission ( if you're brit that means even right outside your nations capital where you start... because ♥♥♥♥ it, brits abandoned that place long ago)Don't worry. You'll either learn to love your basic cutter or grow to HATE the devs of this game and quit."
76561197991710998,Recommended,311310,24061790,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TEM,Old pirates game becomes 3D and multiplayer. This game is promising !
76561198057856317,Not Recommended,311310,23764960,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Patrick Wu,"I truly wanted to love this game. As a huge age of sail fan, I was so hyped when this came out. Unfortunatley the UI is complete rubbish to the point where upgrades and perhaps ships will even be lost because of it. The FPS demand is beyond insane, and to get the graphics as you want in the pictures you will will have to have a super computer. The combat is fun but I feel like there needs to be more to it I.E. seeing sailors on deck, getting to go first person, etc. The map could have been really intresting but instead its all just treeline on land unless you hit a port, which will not look like a city. Finally, due to recent updates I have found it almost impossible to join any missions because of time reasons. The game is grind from the beginning, and overall I do not feel that I spent my 40$ wisley with this one. I hope for improvement in the future, but for now I will not recommend it."
,Recommended,311310,23095678,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Yorick4Life,"Naval Action is the best you're going to get if you're going for a historic naval game.Many people complain about the grind that is Naval Action, but this is for the best, It's a simulator and sailing will take long, battles will take long, because that's just the way it was back then.This game does not take the casual approach many game developers take these days, It's not made for you just to shoot some ships and quit after a week. Sailing around the caribbean is not danger free, you will get attacked if you do not pay attention, and you will lose your ship. Other way around, you can take ships.(On the other side of the grind, If you own a decent ship, getting money is as easy as taking candy from a baby.)Many people complain about the developers because they don't ""listen"" to the community, this might be true on some occasions, but to say they don't listen is complete b*llsh*t. Just take a quick look on the game-labs forums, everything the developers do is based on player opinions, they players even vote for which ship gets added to the game next.This game is everything the 18th century caribbean had to offer, beauty, danger and hours of sailing. If you are looking for a historic naval game that's not a casual, easy peasy point and click shooter, Naval Action is for you."
,Recommended,311310,21038535,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kolakhan,The best thing of its type since PotBS.  Similar in nature but a larger scope of game and the graphics are superb.  Developers are responsive and actively working on the game towards the final product.  Even in its current stage it is well worth the $40.  Buy it.  You'll love it.
76561198018869013,Not Recommended,311310,28455748,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Marauding Conan,"There is no manual or training missions. You will start in a ""capital"" port with the opposite side sitting out side waiting to pick you off. Game has some serious bugs, such as... windows that popup in the middle of combat, blocking you from doing anything, get into combat doing 20 knots but start the battle at 0knots against the wind, get jumped in a storm with 0 visibility, ships that scrawl in land... etc.You basically start helpless and stay that way... yet you pay for this game. This game is not worth a penny. 40hrs and I delete the game."
76561198007821739,Not Recommended,311310,34357935,Posted: 19 August,all,hammered85,"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! I've reported issues i've found, but I can literally no longer play this game as im unable to purchase even a free ship.  Other's in game seem to not have this issue so im not certain why I do.  But save yourself time and headache.  Either wait for the actual game release, or have a steady supply of Alcohol."
,Not Recommended,311310,32405162,Posted: 14 June,all,Press Your Luck,lol the devs suck
76561198052249755,Not Recommended,311310,28159016,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Harbinger,"First let me just say the game looks great and has alot of potential. Now having said that at this point it is horrinly frustrating to try to pley as a noob. Biggest complaint is the map. some good info there but the thing you would need the most (show your location) is not there, instead u have to zoom in and try to use co-ordinates to approximate your location, while this is relaistic navigating, it lends little enjoyment to the game when you are new and cant find a damn mission  because not only is the navigating on map horrible, the mission locations are vague so you end up sailing around for literaly hours looking for something. This may be fun to some people but to me its a colossal waste of time and money. Im sure this appeals to some peopel who managed to last past this initial frustrating period, but for me its just lame. Unless they fix this BIG issue  I would definately NOT play this game."
76561197995873585,Not Recommended,311310,21392221,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Steelmouse,"The game is fantastic looking and the combat is enjoyable ,but the UI and most other aspects for the game are horrid. Very grindy with a steep learning curve. One major downside is you will need a really good machine with above average video card to run the game even on low settings.I did not like the fact I could have only character  per sever especially on the pve server, as I wanted to try out different factions.To be fair, this really is an alpha  and things should get better with time. I just think most players should wait till it's father along before plunking down 40 bucks."
,Not Recommended,311310,20728913,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,dogXdogsupremacyxdog,"Update: All this time later and with the game ready for ""release"" a bunch of ill-conceived and later reverted open world changes it is still hot garbage, all this open world nonsense was a huge waste of time and effort game is basically dead/dying. Scrap all the open world stuff which at the end of the day is jank and tedious, and make this a world of tanks style game with sail which with some tweaking could be really good. Instead actual combat improvements and design which had appeared to be the strong starting base were not devloped in favor of a huge boring tedious and ultimately pointless ""open world"".Short Version: Would of been great if developed as a War Thunder/World of Tanks style lobby match making game. Instead its promising but unpolished ship fighting buried beneath countless hours of extremly rough ""MMO"" systems and griding.It has potential and the ship combat is pretty excellent unfortunatly the MMO mechanics of the game are something awful. By far the fastest and most effecient way to get into larger ships are to run ""missions"" which as of now consist entirely of go to X kill Y. PvP and open lobby style battles are great but bot and mission grinders are already showing up in these with much more capable ships and dominating.The ""Open World"" map is extremely boring there is really not much going on. There is weather but it does not have any impact in the open world map. You basically stare at water for 15min-hours+ depending on how far you need to go aand with no map marker, you cant really even alt-tab. You may see some other faction and attempt to PvP them but the rewards for the missions are usually much higher and involve less risk.The main problem is the by far best way to progress to competitive ships is the dullest part of the game. It involved sailing to a marker on the map which does not have a marker representing you so you have to navigate by feel. Then you fight one of 2/3 npc ships that spawn for that mission type. The AI does not present a real challenge but the battles still take between 10-40 minutes.PvE gameplay is not bad some people like that but it is really unpolished in this game. Grouping with friends significantly hurts progression. The AI is not the worst but not capable of presenting much of a challenge either. Its always the same battle this one ship easily but slowly win type gameplay.IF they are able to change the focus of this sandbox ships game to PvP at least on the PvP server this could be a great game. They need to at least triple the exp gained in PvP small and large battle lobbies. They need to find a way to diversify the ships used beyond free ship/brig-snow/SoL, again by offering increased xp/gold for people not using a free ship.This game does a bunch of things right but then puts the focus and highest rewards on the least polished and most dull part of the game."
76561197980975179,Not Recommended,311310,28212228,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Blkmgc,"This is early release so many of thee things may change. IMO this game is not worth purchasing until its finished as it seems to have lost difinitive direction. Too many easily manipulated player functions which effects everyones gameplay (politics). A skewed and listless economy and crafting system which they cant seem to get a handle on. I've put much time into all of those aspects , and without any positive direction , and almost no communication (or any doccumntation at all ) at this point from the developers I cant honestly recomend this to ""casual"" gamers. If you like grinding for hours , sitting in wait for large battles , or simply enjoy sailing near empty waters ( at this point) for the sake of an age of sail game, than you may enjoy this and feel the money is worth it. If you have but a short time to play (couple hours) you may not. Again , all of this may change as it develops. Time will tell. Its still an alpha and your basically paying to test a game where major functions may change not to your liking. You need to decide if that is worth it to you"
,Recommended,311310,21167037,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,log1 (Rodolfo),"Its a mature and modern Sid Miers Pirates minus the dance + EVE online aspects of free roam, community and economy. In a crude mode:Expect combat to be similar to Sid Mier's ( a whole lot more reallistic and detailed)Chat system to be like EVE onlineFree roam to be like Sid'sEconomy to be a mix between player driven and npc controlledWould not dance for items 9/10"
76561198021032603,Not Recommended,311310,21302462,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Stryfe,"The reviews for this game are very strange.  I guess if you like EXTREMELY slow paced games with very little content then you'll love this game.  If you enjoy sailing around for hours on end with nothing much to look at, you'll love this game.  If you enjoy seeing a game that did almost zero research into historicaly based game play, you'll love this game.So as you can tell I'm not to fond of this.  It does have potential, and yes they say it's in ""Alpha"", but from what I'm reading on the forums they may not be implementing some of the features this game needs to make it actually ""fun"".   Currently it's tedious and the grind is unreal.Even though during age of sailing they portray in this game had a lot of accurate ways to navigate the seas, this game has ZERO!  Yes, ZERO!  You have a compass that tells you direction.  You have no way to set compass headings from your map, your map has ZERO interraction with your compass.  You can't navigate by using the stars....no really, you can't!   This is a deal breaker for me, just lame.Long story short....avoid this game unless you like to sail around and look at subpar graphics and enjoy a long grinds to get marginal rewards and enjoy a mildly entertaining combat system."
,Not Recommended,311310,26356956,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sneaky Uncle,"DO NOT BUY!!! 95% of this game is Sailing in the open ocean for hours at a time, with nothing to do at all. the 5% of actual combat that you do encounter withh either end up in the person running for hours at a time, or being overwhelmed by enemies and dying/losing your ship that takes weeks to make. The only way anyone can actually play this game is if you own 5+ accounts and use alts to do the hours of sailing so you can actually get on and actually get into the combat. there are about 100 players MAX on their main servers. overall about 300-500 people actually play this game. and thats not counting alt accounts. For example, one night our clan decided to take some enemy ports, we saw there were 100 people online, so we asked everyone in teamspeak how many alts they have logged on, it turned out that we made up the entire server population at the time which was about 20 guys logged in our teamspeak, which really put the scope of how many people actually played this game lol, nooneNow for the 5% of the game that is actually decent. The actual combat. Mostly it is people teleporting in and out of different ports all over the map and waiting hours for a ship to eventually show on the horizon, then they will call their friends who have also been teleporting around at different ports for hours to then teleport over to him, and they will 5v1 that poor guy who spent hours sailing somewhere witha  max hold which equals to about 5% of resources for crafting a ship. The combat is extremely slow, generally max speed is about 15 mph in battle. Also the ""Boarding combat"" is a joke its a ""minigame"" of rock paper scissors. There is no first person aspect nor does your ""crew move around the ship"" they just stand there like foosball mannequin's. There is no blood, the damage on ships is purely cosmetic in battle, with the esception of breaking a mast.Overall if you like wasting hours upon hours sailing around with no ""action"" then this is the game for you.If you thought this was an action packed game then you are sadly mistaken.P.S. The devs told most of their playerbase to leave good reviews for this game and the community will be ""rewarded with updates"" now months have past and they never rewarded the community who left good reviews lol. So most of the positive reviews on this game were from devs trying to trick their community so they can increase their sales."
76561198157418647,Not Recommended,311310,32086038,Posted: 31 May,all,RedForce,There is not much for you here if you don't have a LOT of spare time.
76561198028584659,Recommended,311310,20832605,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Juancio,"First game of this kind. I like it, even though it needs some polishing."
,Not Recommended,311310,33453580,Posted: 11 July,all,Cannibal,"Don't waste any time on this game, it tries to be realistic but it only succeed in being boring as hell.To level up you have to complete near impossible missions, winning battles 1 v 3, if you die you have to start all over again.It's not even close to fun since the missions are simply too hard and when you are able to win it takes you 45min to win one battle and you need more then 10 battles to level up.This game is just a waste of time,Do not trust what people say of it on other sites, it's not worth 1 second of your time"
76561197993047743,Not Recommended,311310,35331125,Posted: 30 September,all,FreakyClown (SWE),"At the moment,  I would not recomment this game to any new players, and if you now buy it, dont play as Pirate, as there is 4 clans ruining the game for everyone, and nothing has been done against it.To much bullying going on in the game, not worth it.IF you buy, play as nation"
76561198247892406,Not Recommended,311310,30431276,Posted: 10 March,all,Nathanaël Skinner,My PC fits the recomended specs but I'm only getting like 6fps... This is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,311310,23816441,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,calGTM,"Looking at the time I've spent, I can tell you I'm not the most informed about this game.  The only reason it's so low is that I plan on refunding the game, as in it's current state, I'd rather have my £20 back for the summer sale.Is the game bad?  That's not a quesiton I can answer.  The UI is terrible though, and there are no tutorials, so the first 10 minutes of the game are interesting to say the least.  What little of the combat I experienced was ok, but due to me starting in such a small ship, it was lackluster.  I can see it being more fun in larger ships or more versatile ships, but in the starting ship, it's a case of:- Fire right hand side cannon- Turn left side to enemy- attempt to fire/hit- turn away from wind direction- repeatThat doesn't make it bad per se, I just don't want to invest my time in it that much, and this is coming from someone with 500 hours or so in Elite: Dangerous (not through steam if you're checking my playtimes).If you're after an age of sail game, it's worth trying the first 2 hours of your gameplay before you decide to refund or not.But due to the timesink seeming nature, terrible UI with use of hilariously mismatched fonts (it's some modern sans-serif font plastered everwhere for god's sake), I'm refunding it."
76561198074928387,Recommended,311310,20796452,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Great Britain,"Simply put, the best MMO i've ever played."
,Recommended,311310,20850032,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,SkyHigh,"I love this game, its very awesome and so much to do.Pros:Game is beautifulMany things to doBattles are epicpeople are super friendlycons:Wish u could walk around ur ship :/This game is fun and I recomend it to anyone that likes shop games!"
76561197985722163,Recommended,311310,20748635,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,[NTF] TacticalNuance,"Edit after some time: this is the first MMORPG ive put this many hours into in years and years. Truly something different.On the fence about getting this one seeing the high number of hours for many of the positive reviews. Took the plunge knowing I had 2 hours to decide before refund became unavailable. Glad I did. For the moment its like the old Pirates combined with World of Warships. Battles are just great, the detail level is a big step up from WOW, the battles are long and tense and swing back and forth as you land shots in the damaged areas and start to cause leaks below the waterline.UI - placeholder, does the jobTutorial - non existant but plenty around in the community, and honestly its not that hard. WSAD to control your ship, your cannons shoot where the mouse aims give or take, you have to wait for the moments when you have a good line due to waves not being in the way. Community helpful so far in PvE serverGrind - yes and no. Yes you have to fight a lot of fights to level up, XP rewards are proportional to the damage you do, and you need lots of slow earned XP - so you would be right in thinking that sounds like grind. Thing is that the battles are so good that I really don't get a sense of grind - this isnt right click on enemy, watch large hit point pool go down, use abilities etc etc, the battles are far better and give me a sense of both pleasure and achievement when I win through against the odds - more like Dark Souls, really skill based.So I really like this. Its absolutely an alpha in early access with a long long way to go to be polished, but you play it to do the ship combat and that is simply the best I've seen. Really interested to see just how good this can get, its clear that it has taken big steps in the direction of being one of the great ship games, comparisons to EVE online frequent and deserved, and could easily go all the way.Certainly worth the price of admission if you liked Pirates! or similar and want something with a really detailed damage engine, and excellent core game mechanics."
76561198007466690,Not Recommended,311310,29726492,Posted: 5 February,all,Athena,No interest to play of a game that give all adventage to the British and usa dev do nothing for fix nite flip making just little more the Port battle Méchanics useless for player that play in europe Congrats Dev for taking the euros from peoples and don't listen them when they ask you something i clearly sugest people to not buy this game dev don't do there work properly but for take you Money they are good .
76561198135144548,Not Recommended,311310,30428599,Posted: 10 March,all,MolonLabe0928,"Played less than 30 minutes. Learned all I need to do:PROS-Great graphics-Realistic ships (minus the fact that no crew can be seen on deck which looks stupid)-Combat and sailing mechanics are challenging but realistic-Helpful player base, but insanely small (all servers have around 50 per grouping meaning the max player count was around 150, even though it's likely because it's morning, I highly doubt that the playerbase is much larger than that)-Lots of depthCONS-It's not an MMO. It's just a sandbox sailing game. There's no real involvement with building up your ship other than trying to get the next, best ship.-The player base is tiny.-Way too much time investment for little payoff. There are no tutorials, no help files, and the suggestions you get from chat are to watch YouTube videos or the Wiki.-Devs seem to be super shady.All in all, it's not worth 40 bucks. At all. Not for a game that expects you to do all of the work to learn how to play and what to do. There are better games out there with similar themes (Blackwake for example) that are better supported, have more players, and developers that aren't afraid of critiscism."
,Not Recommended,311310,28277678,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,AmUnRA,seems promising but right now just no fun to play for me
,Recommended,311310,22209822,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,dzuteh.exe,Pros:- Amazing Naval Game.- Amazing Details & Gameplay- I Love This Game To Death.Cons:- 15 Year Old Kids On A Group Of 100000 That Group Up On You When Your Alone.
76561198065412040,Not Recommended,311310,31552071,Posted: 4 May,all,ScarryHarry,"Looked great and promising at first, but honestly the UI is still horrible and it takes forever to figure stuff out and try to find something to do and how to do it on campaign map. The battles were very realistic and graphics nice, but that seems to be only good tihng...recent reviews are lso makign me lose faith in it. Not much has changed other than new ships and re-balancing of things from what I've read since I first bought it and trie it for a couple of hours.Lost msot of my hope and desire for this game. Been well over a year of early access and nothing seems different. Waste of my $40 so far. I want it to do well but it's just way too boring and lacking."
76561198007261520,Recommended,311310,20675382,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Derfell,"This is not a game about belly buttons!Started off not knowing what i was doing but people in chat are happy to help as nearly everyone is new to the game. Im not far into the game at the moment but so far so good.Best tip is get close so you can't miss. Long range isn't going to get you far.""No captain can do very wrong if he places his ship alongside that of the enemy.""Horatio Nelson"
76561198122683477,Not Recommended,311310,31535513,Posted: 3 May,all,bottlecap11,"Take a compelling backstory, great gameplay mechanics and super active community... and wreck it. Completely. By systematically killing off every single fun game mechanic and ignoring feedback from the player community. Then banning anyone who got too vocal in their feedback. Vocal, mind you, not trolling nor ♥♥♥♥♥ing.I am not sure what this game is about anymore..."
,Not Recommended,311310,33710773,Posted: 21 July,all,Captain Masterson,"Not worth the time and effort. Newest patch scared me off after wiping everything and taking the game from Grind=profit, to Grind+Grind/Grind x Grind=maybe enough to crew a upgraded small ship."
76561198006634510,Not Recommended,311310,21388644,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,PhoenixOmen,"Well what to say:The game is early access (EA) software, so it lacks on content. If you do like mount & Blade mechanics and its map style, there is a high chance you will like this game.It was a disappointment for me, mainly due to combat system. The battles are not shared on world map; instead, it will ""teleport"" you to a battle shard, and the encounter will take place there. I personally think, such mechanics, does destroys the tactical immersion; taking away a bust ammount of possibilities and gameplay.But nothing can be compared with the toxic community. I can handle the game' flaws and EA content, but the toxicity of most of its community is plain and simple disgusting."
76561198023018303,Recommended,311310,23277416,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,wifeofbasilhare,"If you love age of sail tactical ship combat, you will love this game!"
,Not Recommended,311310,23903126,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Late Game Wonder,As of right now the game is still lacking in content but I am looking forward to its progress
,Not Recommended,311310,23843037,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,General,"Did not play this game much. Because of steam sale and the general athmosphere around this game, it seemed like a great thing. I couldn't be more wrong. The interface is horrible, everything is time consuming and except from the beautiful scenery, nothing is fun. This is all to be expected from an alpha release. Unfortunately I only read that nothing much has changed to this game for 4 months after buying it. I do not expect this ever to turn in something good at this rate."
76561198043385899,Not Recommended,311310,31908672,Posted: 22 May,all,DiddlerOnTheRoof,Worst game developement process i've ever been a part of. Everything these Developers touch dies in a ball of fire.Stay far away from any of their creations.
76561197966058636,Not Recommended,311310,25016769,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,VenoKnight,"This game has alot potential and it can be fun but there are alot of flaws and issues as well if the direction of the game continues to go a certain way.A big thing is the game at the moment isn't new player friendly. You'll to do your research on the forums for guides (assuming they are even up to date since the game is constantly in flux and most aren't) and look up wiki info.Leveling up, you can find fun playing against the NPCs in your tiered boats but the moment the player aspect is added it changes the dynamics.The culprit being is damage model 5.0: Smaller cannon calibers have a harder time penetrating thicker armor which gets bigger and bigger the higher tier ships you face against.If a cannon ball can't penetrate the armor, it bounces and richochets off doing nothing to the enemy. This renders smaller ship PvP/PvE against bigger ships time wasting and unfun in its current form.To add more to this, you have get a 90 degree angle shot for most of them broadsides to get your damage to penetrate as well.It like World of Tank's damage model, but on a hardcore grinding gaming model.I'm coming from playing other sailing games which I was able to bring my knowledge and relate to how they did this in Naval Action which I caught on quick, but I could already see if it was from the perspective of an average player that picks up this game they wouldn't be able to enjoy it.I just can't recommend this game.I would wait for a few months before buying it to see what direction they take it.Realism is good but is way on the border line of too much realism.Alot of stuff is still being tested, but new additions of content in the game currently being done aren't up to par to addressing its current issues."
76561198056367773,Not Recommended,311310,25161155,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,AbleTwoFour,"Absolutely not.  This game has a lot of potential but frankly I am sick and tired of these 'Early Release' games being offered (especially for $40) that can't even be played.  Since when did customers become paying play testers?  This game could be great if it was a finished game but it has crippling bugs.  For instance, you can't even stay on the damn server.  I don't know how many times I have been painfully floating around (it is sailing after all) to finally engage someone in combat just to be kicked out.  Then sign back in and do it over and over again.  Even worse is getting into combat, fighting it out for 30 minutes and then get kicked out again, basically wasting your time.  This is utter nonsense.  Beautiful environment and the ships themselves look classy.  But knowing this is going to be a slower paced game and expecting that, it is far too frustrating to play when you keep getting booted.  After googling it to see if perhaps I was having a hardware issue or connectivity problem I found I am certainly not the only one.If it is a game still in production and you want player input (admirable) that is great.  But stop making us pay to playtest your half baked games."
76561197970751760,Recommended,311310,34889672,Posted: 11 September,all,Nogard,"Greetings,I really enjoy this game dispite the negative reviews. I have witnessed some bugs, but hope the Devs will address them. A friend and I play regularly in PVE server and it has been great fun to trade, battle, create in this game. The interface was a bit testing in the start as newbe in this game, but it is now very refreshing knowing what to do. I recommend this title to anyone seeking a old time maritime sim with HEAVY realism and feel. The visuals are stunning!Don't be turned away from the negative post. Give it a chance to cappture your interest by learning the sim and playing the way it is meant to be played. Not a run and gun ship sim. But an in depth realistic old time shipping game that will entertain for some time."
76561198072874109,Not Recommended,311310,31088100,Posted: 11 April,all,jaurl,Good idea needs to be in the hands of better management thoughWould not suggest buying
76561198009903018,Not Recommended,311310,30912117,Posted: 2 April,all,Corwin86,"Probably one the of the best game... totally ruined by a terrible, starting, error.This is not a game (and sort of game) that could be ""ported"" on multyplayer: it's a real sim, real sims doesn't work as MMO!Every couple (and less) of years, a company come with a great idea and funds, trying to milk the alredy filled market of MMO with a Sim game...Never saw ANY of these working!There are so many problems building an MMO true Sim game that many are quiet obvious: sim game are difficult to learn and master and... sim game needs a command to accelerate time, and this is not possible playing an MMO game... sim game needs a lot of effort on system design and AI design, and this is incompatible with MMO.And today? This game would have worked PERFECTLY as a standalone singleplayer game and, instead, you have a game that WORKS like a singleplayer game and TRY to attract MMO players.Results? Already two years of work and frankly... we see an ALPHA stage? Maybe a little more?So, you appreciate a lot of things, but, at the end, this game as MMO is simply boring and very, very slow!It's also too simple!I only wait to see this finally being released as an, improved, single player game, but don't waste your time and money if you want to play an MMO."
,Not Recommended,311310,23213294,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,TOG|BadBenny,"2000hrs on :)Well at 1st I really like the comunity, but did not take long for their true colours to show.What a bunch of whiney mofos. No wunder the devs chop and change the game around to try and keep them happy, which they never are lol.The game now seems overdone to me. I still like the PvP side of it, but not the hostile/toxic global chat spam. Thank god for mute.No matter how they try and even up the game in regards to teams/nations, they just can't keep it simple. If ppl wont join an out numbered nation force it on them. The game is only good when there is somebody to fight. As it stands now ppl go 3 ways Pirate, Great Britian or US. Which leaves 4 other nation with hardly any players. To make things worst US\GB\Dutch are allies lolol Which are the 3 most populated nations, aside from Pirate that are not a nation as such.All they had to do is give each nation 10 sustainable ports. That could not be capped.Nice simple system, but instead they complicate things so much ppl have left the game in droves.The Trade system is over done and unbalanced and unnescesary. It just seems the more they do the worst it gets. Its a shame the Devs can't make their own game instead of making the game certian players want. I think the Devs should not be playing the game with clan groups and stop showing what seams to be favs with nations. May not be the case, but sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥seams like that. As the game is right now I cannot recommend this game anymore."
,Not Recommended,311310,20713880,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ToxiGhost,"There seems to be little to no development progress, optimization has become noticably worse over the last year, the UI is still an untextured, clunky placeholder and the only new features seem to be odd things like ""pray"" and ""fish"" in the open world. Fishing is just an RnG based thing that you either turn on or off while sailing in open world.The game had great potential, maybe it still does, but the game as it is right now is not worth buying. Check back in a year."
76561198035467596,Not Recommended,311310,25348271,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Bliksem,"This game HAD a lot of potential, but the devs is breaking it each day, stay away, servers are getting more empty each month and the game is dying fast. Lacks content and they are doing a wipe again, I will not put 600 hours into this game again, I'm done!!!"
76561198087074302,Not Recommended,311310,29745166,Posted: 6 February,all,mab,This game has become another job. I already have a job as a Event customer service rep. I do not need my games to be a job.Here are three reason why this game is a total waste of time and money.1). the navagtion is horrid. Don't even get me started on it but I already did. I used the protrocator and ended up somewhere near the caymens saiing from cuba. It took about an hour to find Kingston/PR. An hour I could be spending being lost in a forrest or working on my 3D art skills.2). The PVE and PVP system is the BEGINNING of a F2P game with a P2W model. Do I need to say more?3). The devs have ignored every player input and created a product that is now the oppostie of what the fans wanted.You would be better spending the time and money for this game on a vacation or on pronogorphy or really anything else.
76561198086732696,Not Recommended,311310,24982558,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Little Putin,"Every other negative review has the point and theres nothing to add there, devs are in love with themselves and are narcistic♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who don't respect the freedom of SPEECH.1 or half a year ago i would recommend this game to anyone interested but right now just stay away from it not worth 5$ let alone 40$ because of the sheer frustration if you care for the game and watch it being destroyed."
,Not Recommended,311310,21641326,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,General Mahsiri,"i originally recommended this game , but now , absolutely NOT this game has gone down hill real fast , the devs think we are slaves who have to play this game 24/7 to get something good out of it , the game doesnt even feel like a game anymore , it feels like a damn job that sucks , the grind is unreal and if you have any kind of social life (or want one) wave it good bye with this grindfest of a game , get ready to waste 4-5 real life hours sailing from port to port with nothing happening , the devs FORCE the players to play how they want not like you want to play it (that is even if you would have fun with this job , it isnt even a game anymore) i am really sad and dissappointed that this game became a chore and something you force yourself to do hoping to have a little fun .a huge gigantic opportunity , wasted.AVOID AVOID AVOID.4/10."
,Not Recommended,311310,23691675,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GoldenTurk,"Herkese merhaba. Sürekli olarak incelememi değiştirmek zorunda kalıyorum çünkü kendini geliştirici zanneden oyun yapımcıları oyuna getirdikleri her yama ile oyunun içine sıçmakta gayet başarılı oluyorlar. Bundan önceki gelen yama ile oyundaki ticareti mahvetmiş olan oyun yapımcıları bu gelen mega yama (pardon mega rezillik) ile oyunu mahvettiler. Bu yama ile  oyuncuların kurduğu bütün üretim yerlerini kapattılar.(Bundan önceki yamada da aynı muhabbeti yapmışlardı hadi dedik formatı değiştirdiler falan ama her yamada bütün emeklerimiz böyle boşa giderse işimiz var) Oyuncuların sahip oldukları gemileri sildiler beraberinde paraları da sıfırladılar. Ayrıca oyundan upgradeleri kaldıracağız ayağına elimizdeki upgradeleri de sildiler fakat kalkan bir upgrade yok sadece gemiye koyma formatı değişmiş (Sadece upgradeleri kaldırabilirdiniz gemileri silmeye ihtiyaç yoktu.) Kısacası pire için yorgan yaktılar. 400 saate yakın oynadığım bu oyundaki bütün emeklerim boşa gitti. Siz siz olun kesinlikle bu oyunu ALMAYIN VE ALDIRMAYIN. Şahsen ben de vermiş olduğum 80 lirayı geri istiyorum. Oyun ilk çıktığı zamanlar iyidi fakat ufak tefek sıkıntıları vardı. Şahsen bu sıkıntılara yönelselerdi şuan oyun çok daha farklı bir noktada olabilirdi. Oyunda son derece saçma bir bordalama sistemi varken insanların gemilerini silmeye paralarını sıfırlamaya çalışan oyun yapımcıları gerçekten son derece başarısız. (Bu da demek oluyor ki, her oyun yapımcısı oyunu daha iyi bir şekilde geliştiremiyormuş) Ayrıca limanda market kısmına da ulaşılamıyor arada sırada tıkladığınızda markete girebiliyorsunuz. uzun lafın kısası TAM ANLAMI İLE BİR FİYASKO. Kombat sistemini geliştirdiklerini söylemişler o da külliyen yalan. Adamlar vadettikleri şeyleri bile insanlara veremediler. Hayatımda böyle bir rezillik görmedim. Bu rezilliklerini kapatmak adına oyunculara 3 tane uyduruk kıytırık gemi vermişler fakat gemilere gel de marketten top bul :) (tabi markete girebilirsen) Bundan sonra da kesinlikle oynamayacağım. Okuduğunuz için teşekkür ederim."
,Not Recommended,311310,28533247,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jarmenkell,Perfect Example Of a good game ruined by Devalopers.
76561198042843939,Recommended,311310,20827326,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,H3AVY CALIBR3,has potential.addictive
76561198045916983,Recommended,311310,20820061,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Benny,Highly recommend if you like more slow paced games and battle sequences. Great mechanics and beautiful graphics.
76561198006736148,Recommended,311310,20835145,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Shark Aumakua,"Even though the game is in Alpha, I wanted to get started.  The sea battle graphics are the best I've seen in any game, I can feel the power of the broadside and smell the black powder.  I'm much looking forward to growing with Naval Action!"
76561198007280290,Recommended,311310,20829613,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Fletch67,"Great game, has the potential t become the EVE online of the waves."
,Not Recommended,311310,32604011,Posted: 20 June,all,Kyle_Lucian,"Updated Review---The game developers are ok with the use of Alt accounts. At least 1/3 of the game population (US Server is about 280 a night) are alts the number is most likely much more than that, as most players with alts have 4 to 8 accounts being run at the same time. I have been ""ganked"" by 6 alts at the same time all controled by one player, after he stole my ship he bragged about using Alts to do it and tried to sell it back to me for a higher price then I bought the ship for.Crafting Ships in this game is almost impossible without Alts you can currently craft goods, but you will never be able to compete with market due to alts farming resources and being able to sell goods at a much smaller price then you. You get a set number of resource ""farms"" to grow wood, mine coal, mine iron etc... right not its capped at 5 and the workshop and shipyard take up 2 that means you get 3 resource bins but someone with 4 alts get 20 slots.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU WANT TO BUY 4 OR MORE COPIES!----Old Review----Don't waste your money unless you are looking for a low pop game, and want to buy several copies of this game. It’s impossible to be a competitive player without at least 3 Alternate accounts. With a server pop of 300 at least 75 of them are alternate accounts. During battles players log in and support themselves with several ships completely outnumbering you. On top of this the economy is broken. This also has a lot to do with alternate accounts. There are so many slots people get for mining resources, storing resources, buying and selling resources. By having alt accounts players are able to bypass this limited number of slots make it impossible for you to compete with prices.Also there use to be a bug to get almost unlimited money, this allowed vet players and their alts to craft many ships free and boost their crafting levels. Now those players run the game giving their friends tier 1 ships. Getting your crafting xp up now is next to impossible. Same goes with leveling up to hold larger ships, players used their alts in the past to level up to the highest ranks fast. Now it’s a non-stop grind in order to level up.If you want to play this game and run several accounts, and play on low pop servers go ahead and buy this game. The theme of the game is interesting, however this game is broken the only thing holding it together are the players buying several accounts. So the alt issues will never be fixed by Developers, I would be surprised if Naval Action made it to final release.Pros:Nice World (lots of room to travel)Theme of the game is greatSmall But Strong CommunityThe ships look nice and the manual sails adds a unique element to the gameCons:More alts then playersExploiters from the ""old days"" are the kings of the gameUnbalanced Economy (Due to alts)Unbalanced Manufacturing (Due to alts)Unbalanced Nations (in part due to alts, another part is everyone wants the winning side)Unbalanced Fights (Cascading from Economy, Manufacturing, and Nations as well as players using alts to gank)Super AI (The AI has perks and benefits that regular players don't. On top of that you cannot take these perks when you win against the AI so the AI is a useless element to the game other than to death grid and get your level up)Game requires 4 to 6 hours a day with alternate accounts in order to be competitive."
,Not Recommended,311310,34076423,Posted: 7 August,all,ClubHaus,"You seriously need to do something about the ship getting ""stuck in irons"" then your two options being, restart game or have your enemy ship go round and round you filling you with cannon balls while you think why the hell is there no button apart from esc to get me out of this?Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ i understand you cant sail into the wind, but im just turning, my npc enemys have no problem with the same manouvers.Might come back but that needs to be fixed. and when im clicking on things on the screen during battle id rather it didnt close the game and open my pc control panel. Cheers"
76561197967877709,Recommended,311310,20823075,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,RU Rick James?,"WOW, when they say ""early release"", boy do they mean.....EARLY....this is like an Alpha at bestWith that said, it is actually pretty fun and has great potentialI do have to say it though....UI is freakin hideous"
76561198074720971,Recommended,311310,21847207,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,cranium1,"The best Naval Simulator out there.Even though I have over 25 hours in the game I have explored less than 5% of the map and tested only 2 ships yet. You have to come to terms with the fact that this game is a marathon, not a sprint. If you are ok with investing time and effort into learning the machanics of sailing, gunnery, tacking and so on then there is nothing better out there currently. It's a realistic simulation and won't give you things like map markers, you have to navigate with your compass.Killing enemy ships takes a lot of skill and time but once you get good at you get this awesome feeling which only comes from knowing that you worked towards it and not just clicked your mouse at a reticule.You will spend about 20 hours just learning the basics (preferably against the AI) and then buying a real ship which will be your gateway to the caribbean. Don't be intimidated by the learning curve though, there are a lot of helpful videos and many helpful people in-game as well.Even if you want to just relax after a long day at work, you can just hop into your little pile of oakwood, pick a heading and sail the high seas!"
76561198022811166,Recommended,311310,20802967,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Bobb,Not a game for those with short attention spans.
,Not Recommended,311310,21763633,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,The Crazy Dog,"The game is released as an alpha access, and it shows. On top of that, they peddle it for 39.99. The game is said to be a beautiful realistic experience, but most of it is portrayed in spreadsheet type layouts. The layouts spill over the sides of my moniter when set in its native resolution so that I can't read costs correctly, the UI is very wonky and seems to have little organization involved.Having said these things, the combat, once you learn how to do it, is quite realistic and a bit fun. The combat is definitely what this game has going for it.Overall the game didn't meet the expectations it sets, and the only thing justifying the purchase at the 40$ price tag is promise of the game costing more in the future for content which might be developed in the future.I sent in a refund request and hope it gets fulfilled because I could spend 10$ on Sid Meier's Pirates! and get a much more exciting, immersive, fun game set in the 'most beautiful period of naval history - when sailing ships ruled the seas.'I wanted this game to be good, but it's just not there, and it's not worth 40$ as is."
76561198128335225,Not Recommended,311310,31941646,Posted: 24 May,all,MR. DOCTOR!,"Couldn't wait to play this game, bought it, would never boot up on my computer. has some bugs."
76561198165695281,Recommended,311310,35041323,Posted: 18 September,all,kjester75,This game is best if you have the time to dedicate to it. Joining a clan will help you progress tremendously also and give you some people to talk to during long sails.  It can seem intimidating at first but lots of people will help you understand the game and the control mechanics. Again this game is best played if you have the time to invest in it and enjoy clan based games.
,Not Recommended,311310,34077981,Posted: 7 August,all,ZeroKing,seem this game lost in high sea.
,Not Recommended,311310,33832895,Posted: 27 July,all,Fraser36,"I got the game in the sales for about £20, I dont even think that should be worth that price, let alone the £29.99 that asking now witch is pritty steep, guess it wasent my cup of tea."
76561198027998183,Recommended,311310,20845291,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,vicdor (),Beautiful game !10/10
76561198030569224,Recommended,311310,20860741,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ase84,"This game is exceptional. I was a big fan of Pirates of the Burning Sea and was sad when it went defunct, but this game has the potential to be its superior successor. It is challenging and rewarding. Do not expect a quick progression or quick pay-offs, but do expect hours of nail-bitting fun. Can't wait to see what the developers have in store."
76561197963992535,Recommended,311310,20861864,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Sean,Great Game. Small learning curve if you've ever played any sort of pirate or sailing oriented game. Overall nothing revolutionary when it comes to the complexity of the game. The major learning curve is only present because of the current lack of any tutorial. Watch a few youtube videos and read a couple of guides and you'll be all set.
,Not Recommended,311310,21766566,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jellinator,"Does sailing around on a high quality naval vessel appeal to you? Engaging in port battles, trade runs and ship to ship combat against both NPCs and other players (on PvP designated realms)? Then this could have been the game for you!Unfortunately a number of features let it down such as the world map scaling with the ships so a trip to Honduras from Jamaica takes the same amount of time it would take a ship travelling at the same speed in the real world.This is further hampered by storms with zero visibility (sailing past obscured ports at 100m is common) and that there is no marker on the map for either your position or that of your group members. Travel is done by zig-zagging between ports based on compass bearings and combat navigation is done in degrees from north.Due to recent changes, resource acquision is now entirely player based in a world where 90% of the 300 population server is in the capital and most of the other 100 destinations have no resources to trade. Combat harks from AC Black Flag with crew management detracting from the combat experience (try choosing between sails, gunnery and boarding while in combat)Overall this game is no longer worth the $40 price tag. If you're still interested wait for the full release and keep an eye on the reviews at launch"
,Not Recommended,311310,24175288,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Malico,"I have played many alpha and beta games over the years, so I absolutely understand this game is not yet complete.  That being said, paying $40 for its current condition is in no way justifiable.It is a great concept as I have always liked naval warfare games.  A lot of effort was put into the combat and the graphics, while fun, it overly slow.  I know they are trying for realism, but if I had put that many cannon balls into that tiny starter ship for real, it would be toothpicks.The rest of the game, looong way to go.  I hope the devs keep at it cause this could be a great game, but if you are on the fence about this, don't waste your time or money.  I will be requesting a refund and watching the games progression, but I won't be paying for it again or playing it any time soon."
76561198029535108,Not Recommended,311310,31938774,Posted: 24 May,all,KabiWarabi,Bought it last year. Same F  UI with no improvements. today they wipe everything.  gave us some random ships.. got exp worth of 40crew. cant even use better ship bc of 40crew. in year they done nothing at all..not even tutorial with explain things etc.. oh and no gold was giving so i am sitting with starters ship and with no guns. LETS GO PIRATE!
76561198006793619,Recommended,311310,21368324,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,=CKA= General_Zero,As advertized. Great game needs a bit of work but over all excellent. If you like sea battles this is the game for you.PS. developers please add boarding animations. Thank you.
76561198036007560,Recommended,311310,35042716,Posted: 18 September,all,justinpackman,"Some work still needs to be done on the PVE content, economy and GUI, but the battles are great. This is still the best ‘age of sail’ game out there (even though its incomplete). If you are considering purchasing this because you want to take part in naval battles, do it! Be warned the learning curve is very steep, but it makes mastering it even more rewarding."
76561197970281283,Not Recommended,311310,32714755,Posted: 24 June,all,Lurtzelio,"Best frigging game on Steam, and it's being killed by developers letting the British faction cheat and exploit every aspect of the game."
76561198016096428,Not Recommended,311310,34315933,Posted: 17 August,all,mredcbr1000rr,"Let me start by saying this is not a BAD game, even taking into consideration its in-development status. I would even go so far as to say that if you're the kind of person that enjoys hard-core simulations, this is the game for you. For the rest of us... not so much. They've done a great job of simulating the reality of tall-ship combat: horrible ship handling, face-palmingly bad weapon accuracy, and long periods of boredom."
,Not Recommended,311310,23979901,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,George,"I've always been rather intrested in naval games, and this one looked very promising. Yet, in the current state this game is in, I don't feel it. Not alot of players, not alot to do, and the GUI and other aspects feel not up to par for where I though this game was.Long story short;Not yet."
76561198119515532,Not Recommended,311310,24374502,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Vista,"I refunded this game because there were no tutorials on how to find a battle or to do anything for that matter, and there are next to no map tools so you can't find anywhere. Maybe i will buy it again if there are a few more updates including: A compass on the map, An integrated tutorial, and a 50% off discount"
,Recommended,311310,20936390,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,🗑🍁𝔗𝔯𝔞𝔰𝔥ℜ𝔲𝔡𝔡𝔯🍁🗑,This Game is Extrodinaraly Amazing.Pros. Good starter ship!Fun open world.Grouping system is niceNeutral opinions.UI needs a bit of work.Little bit grindy but not too muchCons. New players are left with a cutter and no idea how to use it.Though the cutter may be perfect startership. if you dont know how to use it properly. it loses its shinefinal opinion. 8/10.Though it may have a single large con. this game will improve. as of late. they just fixed many econamy problems.They update offen and nothing is set in stone.Any hate reveiws are people who dont ask for help. or do not see more than one point of veiw on things.
,Not Recommended,311310,26136722,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,[SMERG] Brusanan,"I really want to like Naval Action, but this game just loves wasting your time. You will spend 90% of your time just travelling from one place to another, staring at a completely uninteresting horizon the entire way.And I mean for every single combat mission you take, you will literally spend almost 10 minutes travelling, each way, for very little reward. The grind is awful in this game, and the travel time between destinations just makes it unbearable.The ship combat is solid, but it's really not enough to save the game."
76561198121640031,Not Recommended,311310,33105455,Posted: 1 July,all,george,Buy another game . this is not worth the money and the time to learn it without documentation.  Its becomes boring very quickly and has far to many problems with game play.
76561198048404375,Not Recommended,311310,24498896,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,JOverwatch,"It is a more realistic version of POTBS, but that has its pros and cons.  The gameplay is much like POTBS;for those that played it and enjoyed it, this is probably a game for you to consider.  The physics are much more realistic than the more arcade nature of POTBS (angles of attack matter, ships list, waves, ricochets, etc.) however so is ship handling and battle length.  This game has a lot of potential, but considering the amount of time it takes to travel in the open world, and the amount of time a single battle takes, if you don't regularly have uninterupted blocks of playtime 4hrs or longer, you probably won't be able to do much in this game.  Currently ports are just menu screens, which seems like something this game falls drastically short of compared to POTBS.  A lack of any kind of initial in game guide compounds the difficulty of the game, but that can be fixed by watching/reading online guides.  It looks like a good game, but I can't recommend it due to the amount of time doing anything takes."
76561198061759152,Not Recommended,311310,35229925,Posted: 26 September,all,FirstBorn,"Starting to loose interest in this game, I got it early on and enjoyed it I havn't played it for time but came back to it started a fresh, cutter level is easy enough but then you get to rate 6 and everything goes to pot have to do llieutenant missions but when I go in to them in my snow oh look 3 rate 6 ships..... ok lets give this ago try sailing at distance taking out sails takes ages going in guns blazing nukes ur hull quicker than butter on a pan. So I went to get a new ship for fleet spent ages realisng my crew limit limited the ships i could you ended up with a Traders cutter, went in to another mission ..... 5 ships ... rate 6 atleat.... OH CMON !!!! so I ran knowing I couldn't win with my limited skill ... bye bye cutter no waning that it wouldnt escape with me if anyone has any tips please chuck them my way."
,Not Recommended,311310,21759439,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,[WG]Pyro,"I understand it is early access, but the quality of play and time of play needed to make any REAL progress is simply not worth it. I've got a dozen other games I could play that are ten times more fun and exciting I could be wasting my time on.3/10EDIT: This game is still pretty bad. It is an excellent idea, but it is TERRIBLY executed. I do NOT recommend this game."
76561198000078551,Recommended,311310,22735886,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Verbal,"After playing this game for a few weeks, i'd say its a good balance of fighting and crafting if thats what you like. I'd compare it to a sailing version of EvE. The servers are not overcrowded yet, and that naval fighting is well done. you progress through ranks to gain crew strength which is your main limiting factor in upsizing your ships. crafting is involved, although i do not like the limitations of the number of buildings you can build to gather resources, or the limit on sales contracts. but its still an early access. i imagine this will get balanced. i'll give it a solid 4/5."
,Recommended,311310,22255211,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ThePrussianPrince,"Great game. Love the depth in crafting and trading, and the combat system is even better than that.PvE is not that exciting, but when you get to PvP, that's when the real fun begins."
76561198124052626,Recommended,311310,22732681,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,[1stTX.B] 1stLT.Frosty,"Overall great game starting out can be a pain as it is a very tough learning curve and leveling to the next ranks starts out as a bit of a pain but the realism and beauty of the game is just amazing, The conquesting is also as well very fun, they are large scale battles to take other nations ports in the Caribbean you spawn in a battle line and the attacking team must destroy the towers with very large and powerful cannons on them to win and take over the enemy port."
,Not Recommended,311310,23272086,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,[AdoniS] Ozel,I played a little but i can say that this early access game wont end
76561198009628912,Not Recommended,311310,24246169,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,roth5264,"This has promise; however, it is not user friendly.  Outfitting a ship is an exercise in frustration and the sailing mechanics and course plotting are lacking."
76561198015639152,Not Recommended,311310,21414980,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Arthur Dent,never worked for more than 1 minute
76561198083955104,Not Recommended,311310,34695478,Posted: 2 September,all,mtw56or,this is the worst game ever  and still asking $40.00 sad
76561198037266565,Recommended,311310,23946108,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Godream,"An Amazing game set in the age of Sail with great options for either PVE or PVP gameplay. Still in early access but alot of fun with regards to ship to ship combat, boarding, trading and other activities such as fishing, crafting, and even hunting for shipwrecked treasures! A must try if you've ever enjoyed Sid Meir's Pirates, POTBS, Age of Pirates etc!"
,Not Recommended,311310,31736180,Posted: 13 May,all,1337carbon,"Great game when i started. A few patches would bring great things, because they were small, but of course the release of it had taken extremely long. Then it would get ♥♥♥♥d up by a large change.The captain leveling system is garbage, the ship building system is garbage, the ai is basically pointless, and noone plays anymore. $40 for an early access that is garbage. If you are considering this game, take that money and buy a rock to smoke. You will have more fun, and more memories than if you played this game."
,Recommended,311310,20689330,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,pleonastication,Grapeshotting Frenchies until they're down to one crew member then making him fight to the death against your entire 46 strong British Empire crew has never looked so sweet.10/10 Master and Commander Simulator 2016
,Not Recommended,311310,21133924,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lawdawg,"This game has no Tutorial, and is very difficult to play.  The map has no point in which you are at, making it more of a REAL LIFE mapping system.  Hard to figure out where you are at or where you need to go.  I did not care for the batting system either.  Takes almost an hour to fight one ship by your self.  Just did not like the game play."
76561197996624692,Not Recommended,311310,23786172,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,grond27,"For graphics like in films you will need some strong stuff in PC . Lack of Euro PvE server hurts . Very small number ofplayers on servers . On American PvE there was less than 100 people , a few if you know the how big map is.  Not an intuitive GUI :/ You will find a hard time to get know everything by your self. For me the biggest turn off was the look of graphics on medium settings. Not for this much money , even with discount :/"
76561197987859900,Recommended,311310,21275686,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,|||WOLVES|||darklord20042002,"Really realistic in terms of ship asthetics and mechanics, this game is certainly a game of team work and precision it focuses people on working in a team to accomplish goals and whilst this game is still in early dev it is very playable much more so than any early access for al ong time, i can really recommend this game if your into your co-operation pvp and tactical combat at sea. !"
76561197972780267,Recommended,311310,22953388,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Capt. Trip,"Really loving this game. The map is HUGE and for those people who are in it for PvP, you won't have a problem finding it. Those players who like PvE more (but enjoy living on the edge in a PvP world) this game is for you too. Me, I mostly play PvE but on a PvP server, it's more active and if I want to find trouble I can.As someone who is part of a clan, but likes to play on their own, you have the ability to build your own ships with no help from anyone else. And I love that about the game, I don't have to be a navy officer or shipbuilder, I can pick and choose how I want to play, when I play.Looking forward to more options they continue to provide and more battles to come!"
76561197988524969,Recommended,311310,22952670,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,DogLips,"+Ship modelling+Ship combat+Graphics+World Size+Strives for realism, with a mind on keeping it fun-Community can be toxic. At times it's very difficult to have constructive conversations, particularly when giving feedback.-Too many nations. Small nations are inevitable, and at a big disadvantage."
,Not Recommended,311310,23251977,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Ish',"Neg:  Battles seem to be random, as you can shoot your enemy to oblivion and somehow it still manages to sail faster than you can.  Half of the battle is spend chasing your enemy instead of actually fighting.  The damage models are way off, and the chances to hit are taken straight out of a casino.The open world is a farce, battles are instanced and everybody plays the same factions.Missions are boring as hell, seeing there's hardly any variaty.  Port battles are a joke as well because they're identical to regular battles.And to top that, it takes an horrible grind to unlock new ships that are hardly any improvement over the old one.Cons:Graphics are okay and that's the only good thing i can mention about this game.The interface is straight out of the 90ies. (i liked the 90ies)I feel ripped off, this game should be 10 euro/dollars at best.IF you liked Total War: Empire sea battles, and look for something similar, this is not the product to buy.However if you like dreadful slow mmo's with average combat, a bad trading system and no variaty this is your game."
,Not Recommended,311310,24190231,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Moppet,"Graphically, it's stunning. The sense of speed is very nice and the physics seem OK. Why I am not reccommending this game is that right now, there's not a lot to do and frankly it's missing some much needed help files. Nothing is terribly intuitive and unless you pester someone on the help chat (everyone is quite helpful. It is I who feels like a pest), there's alot of experimentation that takes place which results in wasted time.I understad the game being early access means it's not going to be feature complete--and there is quite a bit going for it--but documentation should be a priority. Even just context sensitive help would be useful."
76561198131049068,Not Recommended,311310,21437061,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Mad Frenchie,"Currently not worth the $40 price tag.Game needs a tutorial (has none).  A game purporting to be this ""realistic"" should've built a tutorial area to introduce game mechanics (which aren't that realistic, to be honest) as step 1.Maybe the rest of the game, once you've taken lumps learning in the most unceremonious fashion ever, is worth it.  Can't be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to spend that time when Steam does refunds and there's so many other games worth my time.Don't bother."
76561198033922758,Not Recommended,311310,34790094,Posted: 7 September,all,SneakyDude,"I dunno i find it too complex UI, getting started getting going. ill have to spend 100 hrs just reviewing videos to figure out the UI. WHat to spend, what to do to progress etc... it is for the hardcore person."
,Not Recommended,311310,32593853,Posted: 20 June,all,Pickled_Clitoris,"Terrible game with no development team, no balance and nothing working like it should.Had potential but crushed by an awful company, not even sure if it was a company or just one guy as the development has been literally non-existent.Avoid at all costs, also if you happened to buy the game avoid making suggestions on the forums as you will be banned...Banned from first post on their boards.What you are buying here is a SHELL, not a game."
76561198037557150,Not Recommended,311310,21407097,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,E.N.D.,"To much grinding, you be max level on wow before you even hit rank 5 here"
76561198076128383,Not Recommended,311310,26202123,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Bandito Borito,no help or support. get killed any second. no lcue of what to do. i want my money back.
76561198026428101,Recommended,311310,23365844,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Sir Garlin,"I was apprehensive about buying this game in early access because I've been burned by EA games before. But I'm glad I finally bought it.-The combat in this game is solid naval combat. Except for the poor looking boarding menus. Boarding works but it isn't fun and they'll have to change it for it to be fun.-It is open world and kind of reminds me of POTBS MMO if any of you played that.  There is a map but it doesn't ping your location so you have to rely on terrain and your compass right now. Also the missions are indicated by crossed white swords which can be hard to see during the day ( I suggested they change the color of those).-The port screen is ugly but fully functional. It does have a little messege saying Test UI please ignore so it will change. Making it pretty is something probably low on their priority list and that is ok.-The ships are beautiful but I'd like to see more customization of colors on the wood/designs, possibly sail color (but not a big deal), and a maybe a custom captain avatar sailing the ship. Right now every ship is the same color in its class, the deck's cannons do change style depending on what you have equipped,  and there is a very generic crew representation (which is ok enough for me, but some might want more here).-Sound effects and smoking cannons are great but the game doesn't have a music track yet, so I use my own in the background.-there is crafting, trading, and gathering resources to build ship which is nice. There is even a chance at making better ships such as exceptional.-there is clans, PvP, PvE, and co-op play so it has it all there. Not only can you craft, sell/buy ships, but you can also capture them in combat which is always nice(again boarding isn't fun right now though).Overall I enjoy  the game because I like naval combat and love playing it with friends over voice chat. However I also like customization and role playing which is lacks, but I can see them building on. I can see this game going a long way and recommend in its alpha state if you want a good naval combat game with the understanding the RPG element of it is growing and not complete yet."
76561197987514015,Recommended,311310,22801320,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Bordric,I recommend this game to anyone remotely interested in the ships in the Age of Sail. Has a long way to go and polish but a great start for an early access. Enjoy the battles even with NPC is fun they are challenging too and frustrating sometimes.If you don't like difficult to learn games may not be for you and patience is needed.
76561198073670106,Not Recommended,311310,30786691,Posted: 27 March,all,turdferguson29,"Bought a while back, put it away and figured I would come back to it. Was just about to reinstall when I said to myself, ""Self, lets look at the reviews."" And boy im glad I did. I will be permantly shelving this game, not based on anything ive seen myself, but based on the overwhelming negative reviews and what ive read about the devs. Its disgraceful to think a dev would sink so low as to censor criticism, but im honestly not surprised with it, look at some other things devs have done."
76561198039143817,Not Recommended,311310,22884683,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Marco Lindeblad,"I am going to be honest and use simple wording hereThe game is okay, not the best but okay. The makers of this game really need to step up their game because you are starting to lose a few players here and there. Also you are having lots of people not liking the game because it is very repetitve and you are not meeting some of the popular/major wants and when i say lots of people, trust me lots of people feel the same way not just IYou all need to step your game up and figure something out and do it with a sense of urgancy espically if you are asking people to pay $40.00 for your game.This game has great potential and like i said it is okay, but you need to figure something out and if you are you need to communicate that to the players more often."
76561198035492596,Recommended,311310,32588772,Posted: 20 June,all,NL2012,"Not having that much time played (but played since day one release on Steam), I see some very negative reviews about the Game/Devs.First of all: I’ve played after every update and even more after the wipe.If you are looking for a game that will level you to some sort of sea god in 40 hours this might not be your game.Some reviews (ofcourse fully entitled to their opion) advise you not to buy it because the wipe ruined the game. I tend to disagree.1)	Its an EA! so who say it ’s final, I’m not on their forums (just read it) and never been a fan boy for any game (ok <<StarCitizen fanboy) but I guess they eventualy rebalance the game, if not …fine by me, i like slow paced/tactical games and like to find my way to make money.2)	Hard for new players, maybey yes, if you want to be the king of the ocean in a couple days. But I’m sure you are smart enough to make money in this game, if i can do it…everyone can.3)	About 80 hours in game i could use my Surprise (ship) and just sailed from south to north (bid of fishing and trade)fish gave bottles…bottles gave alot of cash, got Rays Bullsharks (again tjsing tsjing) and so on!4)	The online community is small now (growing again) but very friendly and helpfull, no matter what nation you sail for.5)	I’m not in a clan but i can trade, fight and make money just fine.6)	Complains about the UI. Yes it's looking simple at the moment but the base mechanics are there and work, which is way more import then a button or slider on a JPG7)	The trade tool can be of , but again its EA. I still make good money using basic Sell Buy Stats8) The graphics are as seen in the screenshots above..great,nothing less.Some ppl have hundreds of hours in game (in an EA game!!) positive or negative. This should count for something right?As far as i can see, Naval Action EA is a great open world sim game, and i’m looking forward to next updates.Maybey see you ingameHave a nice dayJPK(sry for spelling not native english)"
76561198040662818,Not Recommended,311310,26689389,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Roger Churchill,I have played this game a lot and it started of really good but it has just got worse and worse I know its an ealry access but as it gets closer to release it should be getting better not worse.You can see it is getting worse by the falling player base which is now down to less than 500 from 2000 when it first launch on PvP1.The current state the game is in i would recommend that no one buys it and waits for it to be released and see if they actually make it good again.Make Naval Action great again.If the game gets better again i will happily come back and change this review.
76561198068104797,Not Recommended,311310,25866592,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,LordGiraffePussay,This game blows elephant dong the alpha stage players have hoarded all the resources and make purchasing new ships an art of pure jewery then to add insult to injury after the devs make you drop the million gold you spend two weeks grinding for a crappy frigate which after sinking 5 times is lost forever along with all the gold u spent on it all so the jew alpaha stage players can continue to enrich themselves. This game could be great but sucks because the alpha players and the devs are nothing but shylocks.
76561197989595195,Recommended,311310,31229109,Posted: 18 April,all,Boberto,"The best age of sail mmo I have played, lots of mechanics to learn and a big sandbox to play in!"
76561198051505013,Not Recommended,311310,21234049,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Taco Tuesday,"It's alpha, so I won't post a bad review.  I just got a refund instead.  I'll check it out after it's finished as the game looked like nothing from the video."
,Recommended,311310,20722509,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Reonhato,You get to say poop deck
,Recommended,311310,31085171,Posted: 11 April,all,Smoke eater,"While this game is still under devlopment it shows exceptional promise. Great graphics, beautiful ship models and great environment graphics make this game a joy to play. If you like the age of sail, pirates, fleet battles and thundering broadsides this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,311310,31162224,Posted: 15 April,all,Impie Yay,"TLDR: the developers don't take criticism well, are biased against American players and do not punish cheaters whatsoever. Take your money elsewhere, this game is just about dead.When I started playing this game about a year ago, it quickly became one of my favorites. Since then however, it has been continuously and completely ruined by the developers. It has been over 4 months since the last public patch, and it shows: there aren't more than 200 people online at EU or NA prime time.The attitude of the developers towards their player base is outright toxic and quite frankly a PR nightmare; they don't deserve your money. First of all, there is an enormous bias against players from North America: the devs blame them for the issues in the game,  and accuse all Americans of being unwilling to fix the game for them (that solution being that they don't play in the US prime times).Recently an announcement was made basically stating the game will become more 'hardcore' than it already was: the developers will strip nearly all Quality of Life (QoL) features from the game. This means players will have to put insane amount of hours in to just be able to find and/or fight an enemy.The reality of it is that there aren't nearly enough players in the game to support that 'hardcore' view, and these changes will only drive more people away. Players naturally went onto the official forum to announce their displeasure with the game's direction. After this blew up into the dev's faces, about 300 posts were simply removed - including a lot of constructive ones, but also the Game's Producer basically insulting individuals.The developers just didn't seem to care anymore, so I posted a silly YouTube video in the feedback thread (among those 300 removed ones) as a metaphor for how the devs test and announce new features. They decided to permanently ban me from their forum AND FROM THE GAME(!) because of this, even though a moderator removed the post literally within a minute (so nobody even saw it). A friend of mine who posted a picture of a pizza and another YT video got the same treatment.Keep in mind that this forum is in no way connected to the game or Steam; it's a completely seperate account (with the username being the only means of comparison). Now, I would fully have accepted a permanent from their forum - despite the game's producer insulting and ridiculing certain players consistently himself. That would be their right after all, but a permanent in-game ban for something so trivial is unacceptable and in breach of the Steam TOS.Maybe worst of it all, is that meanwhile cheaters who duplicated ships and resources (for unfair advantages) for many months remain unpunished - despite the developers claiming they would take action. Instead they changed their policy to accept exploits and cheats of any kind, as long as you report them before they decide to ban you."
,Not Recommended,311310,26476425,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Chains,"I tried to keep an open mind since this game is still in alpha. With that said for about the last 8 months the developers have been making any activity in the game ridiculously hard......Ship building, trading, finding resources, getting from one location to the next takes way to damn long. The player base has gone down significantly, and is on a decline. Unless the the game changes developers I would not recommend this game to anyone."
76561197974457233,Not Recommended,311310,23885116,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,speakman18,"I'm going to comment my gaming experience, with many hours spent on it, and tell you why you should not buy itNow after the last changes, the RvR are umplayable for small nations. The game mechanics are broken, Benefiting the nation whit more population.It is impossible for a small nation to be able to attack a port, since the current mechanics do not allow the surprise factor.And every change made by the devs, only gets worse this situation.If you think it could not get worse, just enter the forum of the game, where admins censor comments when you complain about the abnormal operation of the game, or your ""court"", created to solve conflicts, favors exclusively a faction in particular , Taking unfair decisions and closing the thread so you can not answer.In short, if you want to give money to a handful of arrogant people, to destroy something you like, and do not let you give your opinion, this is your game. Although it would be the same as giving it to the criminals in your neighborhood to burn your car.At least the car insurance would refund the money"
,Not Recommended,311310,24970624,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Silverstar,Toxic devs.
76561197971358057,Not Recommended,311310,21116268,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Wesreidau,"The game drove me away in Febuary to March, but following a lot of work by the development team, I'm now entirely in love with Naval Action again.Oh no wait, they're reverting back to their Febuary crisis patch mentality, and are now removing quality levels from the game because they couldn't make 'epic' level ships too hard for the casuals to get.Its welfare epics and a broken, horribly mangled economy.Never mind."
76561198097566450,Not Recommended,311310,21455154,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ramblingman13,"After 300+ hours into this game i'm updating my review. the game has some great moments i love the ship on ship battles. the ships are well built and the devs have tried to make everything as historic as possible. the badside is the grind that gets increasingly more grindy with every update.the developers seem to be constantly asking for feed back from the gaming comunity then doing the exact opposite. if you like spending three or four hours sailing across a map staring at the sea you might like this game, if you like repeating missions over and over to get enough gold to buy a ship crew and cannons about 150,000 for your first ship, from missions where your rewarded about 6000, gold per mission each mission can take 20 to 35 mins. then you might like this game.if you love the realism of if you loose that battle you loose all the crew canonons and ship. and have to go back to grinding your way up again you might like this game.inshort battles are fun but very long  80% of this game is going from a to b on a map which is just a picture of the world with no way to know where you are unless you hug land and happen to pass a port, and this open world is hugh. it's the kind of game you need to sit down for several hours at a time to advance anywhere but your only ever one battle away from loosing something you may have grinded for one hundred and fifty hours to get.lastly the team behined this seem to  herald from the school of punch your fans in the nutsack school of buisness. they give you cool redemable ships for putting up with the bugs and sometimes cosly ai upgrades which made the ai fleets impossible to beat. then take them away in the next wipe and give you below average ships that cost more to crew and gun  after reading all the forums about the game being to grindy and largly unfun to play because of the grind and the large amount of hours you send sailing blind from point a to point be. the developers then made the game even more grindy. if they fix the grind and the travel times this really could be a good game. my advice wait and see if they fix that because if not your going to get board and frustrated very quickly with this game"
76561197963414224,Not Recommended,311310,25028455,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,iNoNSense,"What an amazing games. Stunning graphics, ships, coasts and water are filled with details which makes the whole very immersive.Tons of ports, miles of seas to explore. Various playstyles to fit your style. Be a hunter, a trader, a builder, a line-fighter, or mix it all as you please. The game offers many options for you to choose. At first glance, it might even seem a bit daunting but as soon as you begin digging into the game's system, you'll fall in love.Thanks for all those hours of pleasure, hearing the roaring sound of cannons !Edit: Jeez, coming to re-read my first opinion makes me sigh about good ol' times. I fully understand the game is in alpha stage but imo, the dev team, even tho making an amazing job, tends to make changes that impact the game way beyond their initial thoughts. The 5 seconds time limit to enter a PvP battle is nothing more than a joke... but a bad one."
,Not Recommended,311310,25320571,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Kingben,Im changing my review from good to bad because:-No -->real<-- progress in development since more then 1 year atleast-Same missions since 1 year or more-Nothing for Singleplayers you need to be in a clan otherwise it will get very hard and frustrating-This is a early access title from a very small developer team (the rumours say 3 devs) and they just released another early access game. How do they develope two early access title that are completly different from each other with that amount of devs... i dont know how they do it but it make sense to me why they dont have time to develop and create new content for NA.-The amount of ship since 1.5 year is nearly the same. The sad thing about is people postet tons of good images of plans with dimension of the ships in the forum so the dev would have it easier to create them and dont need time and search them. but nothing happens they could outsource this stuff very easy and let a freelancer dev make them a couple ships but instead they release uncraftable ships and of course dont forgett the blueprint that you only can get from special events and those are very rare and not easy....-Now lets get to the openworld its ok. But to be honest remember the ports from sid meiers pirates. It looks like the dev copy the design one to one and i mean not only the design i think they also copy the texture it looks really♥♥♥♥♥♥and then they place some towers and it still looks♥♥♥♥♥♥...And just that i mention it i was a clan leader of a clan with atleast 40 people and at weekends 20 active so i know from what i talk about.I really loved the game but i cant support it anymore.My recommendation dont buy this game its stocked in developement and im sure it will be the same after early access
76561198060877748,Not Recommended,311310,20927627,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Maximus,"After playing a while i noticed striking similarities betweeen this and an MMO naval game called pirates of the burning sea. The difference between the two, pirates of the burning sea was actually quite enjoyable and throughout the hours of grinding, it was fun. This game takes literally everything that game has and simplifies it to a bare minimum, adds pretty graphics and throws you into a tireless boring and empty world, in which there is little to no action for up to an hour at a time. The main differences between the two games, is that this has less ships, no (fun) boarding, same find and destroy missions, playerbase of very few, no practical guild system, and buggy character management.This game gets boring within 2 hours, and manages to be both easy and difficult at the same time. It's easy because you can gain an unlimited supply of money and become wealthier than most napoleonic era kings in less than a day. Its annoyingly difficult because you need to level up through boring missions that take 30 minutes for a 100th of your level just use the armada you bought."
76561198019542813,Not Recommended,311310,24303411,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,sc.Itak,"great game so far, lets see what the devs have in mind for the future(this is what a posted  a year ago)so far, it's a game that turned into a rotten one. the devs listen to the player crying way too much and changed a cool and challenging game into a boring safe spot.i only wish the devs had the balls to follow one design and go with it..."
76561197982699151,Not Recommended,311310,24978823,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Czar Zero,"Like other reviews, I want to give this game a thumbs up but I feel it would be disingenuous for me to do so.Is it a bad game overall? No. It's an early access title being worked on by devs who have taken up the bad habit of trying to use a sledgehammer to balance the game, when they should be using something with a lighter touch.They're also doing their best to make the game into a ludicrous time sink where players who don't have 10 hours a day to devote to the game will be left behind by those who do. Furthermore, the dev team also seems to be stuck on the creation of ""rare"" and ""exclusive"" ships which has no place in an Open World sandbox MMO. That kind of stuff needs to be left to grind-fest theme park games a la Everquest, World of Warcraft, and *insert dime a dozen game title here*They release a patch with mechanics changes and then in less than a week of testing by the early access players, a completely new overhaul is announced. Really guys? If you were just going to scrap what you just patched in, you shouldn't have wasted the time to deploy it. We understand this is an ""in development game"" and as such would have been fine with certain changes not being patched in.Developer attitude regarding the plummeting player numbers is ""We're getting closer to the release wipe"". While to some degree that may be true, it's not the whole fact of the matter.Player decline has been more due to the following:PvP servers turning into carebear PvE servers. Players don't want to PvP because right now good ships are so time consuming/expensive to get that nobody wants to lose them. This is part of why ""rare"" or ""exclusive"" ships are a stupid idea in a game like this. PvP needs to be ENCOURAGED and REWARDED. Not DISCOURAGED and PUNISHED.Rules of Engagement changes that make it very hard to support/defend friendly players.Excessive amounts of NPC fleets that also exacerbate the ROE changes. Nobody wants to suck in an AI fleet when they're just trying to get in some PvP.Totally unrealistic number of AI fortifications along coast lines. Again, nobody wants to deal with being shot up by OP forts/towers when they're trying to PvP. I'm sorry but no coastline in the era this game represents was bristling with cannon towers.Conquest mechanics that actually encourage PvE over PvP. It's faster/more efficient to grind up hostility points to trigger a port battle than it is to do so via PvP.If this game is going to survive beyond the ""release wipe"", these problems need to be addressed.PvP is a (not mandatory)  HUGE aspect of the entire design of the game. In its current state PvP is hamstrung by poor decision making on the devs part.In one patch my clan went from having 20 active people on during prime time, to 5-10. I know we're not the only ones who've reduced our play time and/or support of the game over the past month.So, if you're on the fence about this game. Wait until it leaves Early Access and enters ""Release"". Then, wait a little more and see if it goes on sale. So that way, when the dev team hasn't fixed the problems you won't feel completely violated when you log into ghost town game servers."
,Not Recommended,311310,25007874,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,AcidicAcid,(it's good) This was my old review now changing it to not good and not fun to play.
76561197987255865,Not Recommended,311310,25365492,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Powdered Toast Man,late updates and wipe sim
,Not Recommended,311310,22394076,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Star Surfin' Sagan,Developers are incompetent fools who don't listen to their playerbase and screw an otherwise great game.DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,311310,23626433,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Pepin le Bref,The developers have taken a potentially great game and rined it. Its terrible. Do not buy.ROE for PvP is terrible and no one wants to fight anything anymore.True cooperative play is non exixtent.Griefing is the name of the gamethat was a waste of 1500 hours...
76561198021286350,Not Recommended,311310,22554490,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,crice,"UPDATE-------------------------------------------------Since PATCH-------------As much as I want to still love this game it is still really unfinished. I love the grand scale of everything but not when it takes so long to get to point A-B. I don't know anyone these days with this sort of time. I would suggest reducing the size of the map forcing more interaction with others. I know this would of course make the pvers unhappy because the risk would increase but.... I don't play this to trade. I know you don't want to reduce the size of the map because this is supposed to be somewhat realistic.I miss being able to capture NPC ships because it was something to do besides running  missions or buying low and selling high product. Capturing ships was just another way to enjoy the game and make a little gold. I guess at this point no change would be significant because I believe there is NO Market for games that require so much time. What to do to fix that. I don't know.I am aware you can capture enemy ships but when do you see enemy players? Sail to BFE to find them? The future of gaming won't be time consuming games. This game is that but has potential not to be. The battles we used to have were challenged and fun. The risk of going from port to port was real. We spent an hour in a fight and because the  guy wanted the ship the rest of us got no credit, nothing and nada. Waste of my time and efforts.I suggest making an GUI for the ports at some point. Make it pretty and user friendly. Design the cannons to auto match the appropriate ships. I will still watch and wait but at this point I wouldn't spend $40 on this. You will find yourself sitting on your♥♥♥♥♥for hours and hours. I still have hope but gotta be real. Keep up the work and I will change this when I see something that doesn't suck change."
76561198005739915,Not Recommended,311310,26549126,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Squedage,"welcome to naval action of brown water navy all your going to be able to do is sail around in all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little ships that no one but the no life, parents basement people like for like 2 months as you try and grind out money and exp to get into something that they show in the pics/vids up top. But then you loose that ship and along with it 2 months of grinding b/c the dev team only listens to the no lifers and wants this game to be pure sim. if you want a pure sim go get silent hunter 4"
76561198013785529,Not Recommended,311310,30425570,Posted: 10 March,all,Serenity,"Okay, so, let me throw out some context for this review:The reviews here are mostly negative. So much so, that when I bought the game, I literally set a timer while playing to make sure I didn't exceed the max play time before I could get my money back. THAT'S how bad I expected this to be from the reviews. I was pleasantly surprised. Most of the negative reviews recently have been due to interaction with the devs. I can't speak on that as I'm not on the forums, so I have no real community exposure.I was brought to Naval Action because I've always loved the age of sail. I previously bought Assasings Creed IV just for the sailing ships. It was fine, but the inability to really change your ship was frustrating. Then I bought Tempest, which was okay, but not really pretty, and not very clear. I decided to give Naval Action a try. Now, the interface is poor at best. It looks like the 1990s. It's a bit sad. There is no tutorial, so, good luck figuring out what you're supposed to actually DO or how to do it. Fortunately for the devs, there are enough people in game willing to help explain things that it's not unplayable. But they should probably do something about that, because they can't rely on their playerbase to do everything for them. Then there's the graphics. This game is gorgeous, no question. Additionally, I really enjoy that it's not just point and click warfare. You think about the wave motion, the winds, you can't instant-stop... it's a VERY enjoyable game if you simply love sailing ships. Don't get this if you want a quick-click arcade pirate warlord game, but if you have a passion for sailing ships, it's worth the buy!UPDATE: After more time playing this game, and with the post-wipe changes, I have to say, I cannot recommend this game. It's become the ultimate grind-simulator, as well as isolating anyone who isn't a European player. They failed to actually whipe clans on their previous PvP servers, meaning anyone wanting to change servers from what became the EU to the global server, would have to raise hundreds of thousands of gold to start over, essentially locking them in to the new EU server. To compound the problem, players can only participate in conquest (A necessary part of unlocking additional ships) during the EU prime-time hours."
,Not Recommended,311310,25091774,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Imperium,"It's unacceptable to ask 37€ for a time-waster!!!This game lacks entertainment, actual content and optimizations. Grind is a large part of it just like free to play games(!)but its price is 37€(!!).So, either drop the price to 10€ or develop it until it becomes worth 37€."
76561198407957231,Not Recommended,311310,34128572,Posted: 9 August,all,Pirate_me,"This game is a lot like a jobb! Allso from time to time groups of players will jump you and get all your stuff, in case u had some fun! U buy this, u get yourself a problem."
76561198075004012,Not Recommended,311310,26180876,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,thatoneguy2014,"I used to love this game, however, it has been getting worse and worse with each patch for a while now and after this last ""mega"" patch it's extremely annoying to grind months for things that will just disappear soon. The devs just do whatever the hell they want with no care for what players with 2000+ hours want and any negative feedback is responded to in an extremely toxic and immature way.  The game has also been in developement for a very long time and they are starting to wipe everything now. On top of that, they made the game more grindy (for example you now have to pay per cannon instead of getting all at once)The grind for cannons and crew wouldn't bother me at all if they weren't going to wipe the game again (due to this being very realistic. Many ships bought cannons 1 at a time), but right now it's pointless since you'll work for months to get into better ships and get them fitted, then they'll wipe everything again and you'll have to start all over.  You get ships after the wipe to make up for them, but you have to level back up and earn a ton of money to crew them and add the cannons which takes forever so currently they're worthless.However, it's still the best damn sailing game/sim out there at the moment. The combat itself is worth it for the realism.  If you can put up with the random changes from the devs, and don't mind the wipes, it's still definitely worth playing, for a time at least.  At the moment, I'd caution new players and tell them to look at many youtube videos to see if they think it's worth it.If there was a choice between yes and no for recommending it, I'd choose that."
76561198012567813,Not Recommended,311310,21067053,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,HeLeX,"WARNING DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!1st - Price tag is laughable, game is worth  no more than $9.99 the state it is in.2nd - Prepare to leave your leave your job to play this game.3rd - Grind is real, lack of player base. I am talking no more than 150 players on the Global Server.4th - Developers are a bunch of Communists, they will censor anything somewhat negative or disappointing you say about the game. Yes I got censored for saying that their upcoming patch is ""boring.""5th - These developers alter ini files and call it a patch. They call a change to a value say from 999 to 991 cost of gold to purchase an resource as a positive patch or ""adding content.""6th - This game is R E T A R D E DThis game has been in development for over 3 years, and in  almost the 2 years I have been playing it, I can tell you now, the game LOOKS IDENTICAL.No ACTUAL NEW CONTENT has been added and probably never will."
76561197980914614,Not Recommended,311310,26413479,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,dwolf420,"When this game was in late Alpha and early Beta is was great with even greater potential. Now it is just a mess and then some. Absolute time sink. If you have no life, no job and have 70hrs a week to spare, then I guess you can get somewhere in this game. Avoid this like the black death. The Dev's are amature at best and have zero tolerance for negative feedback."
76561197987260915,Recommended,311310,22165927,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,VVhitesnake,"The game has a lot of potential, nice balance between realism and fun gameplay. Very good for team playing B)!  Slava Gerojam!"
76561198040898565,Recommended,311310,22214164,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Leech,Would Recommend
76561198065693518,Recommended,311310,21380249,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Choppy,"Limited servers available(none in the oceanic), but the game runs fine and smooth. Navigation is  slightly difficult but enjoyable. Combat against NPCs are great. Multiple factions to play as. Is in alpha, but already live where the game is. Can't wait to see it develop."
76561198082993698,Recommended,311310,22171162,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,cancer.mp3,Grind is very boring seeing you have to do the same missions over and over to level up.If you dont mind the grind the end game ships are very fun to use. Game is very hard to understand when you first start but there are many guides on the internet to help if you are to lazy to figure it out yourself. 6/10 very little amount of younger players due to hard learning curve.
76561198002693578,Not Recommended,311310,22291694,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,vali_grad,"YEP as 10.06.2017 I got banned from discussions/patch comments for calling devs SCAMMERS :)) and they are !they build the game for themselves and the shitbag of pirates they sail with.as now they are testing a combat only game to ca$h in on the same lame platform :))))  big words Naval Legends :))))) Legendary FAIL !do spend you money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥and be infuriated by it ! =)))PAST THOUGHTS >Awesome environment, awesome community, from basics to expert details in gameplay a really enjoyable game for hours. I keep forgetting it is a game ...as 23.01.2017 the game looks deserted, market broken, battles sporadic and selfish, too many core settings changed that makes no sense, very stupid and mean spirited punks in chat, you're left with pve fleet battles ....why online servers then ? make it offline, single player campaign mode !!!!!as 24.05.2017...this game turned into a MAJOR FAIL ! devs are 15 yrs old that change their mind month after month, no real improuvements, only ♥♥♥♥♥♥ code altering, a couple hundreds megs of  data in a year. embarassing !!! burry this company and never give them money again !!!"
,Not Recommended,311310,21352172,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,†† Varyn Khatar ††,"Update:/// 11/6/2016- 9:24 AMIts been a while since last i edited a review.... but i tell you all this nowThe developers of this game are Liers, Buying this game will give them More money... Yet its almost been a Full year and no content has been made only minor tewaks and slight ""Changes"" that does not effect the game status of its playability.They're going broke, and this game will probably release but maybe after 1-2 months it will completely shutdown.Ink, And all the developers of this game are complete Morons... and rather do things their own way, or listen to whiny idiots with terrible ideas so that they can make it an installment for the Next patch's Excuses..The Game is good... none the less it is still good... BUT FAR FROM GOOD...Developers only give-- Excuses Excuses excuses excuses and more excuses..FINAL VERDICT!Ohh and, becarefull of what you say, They don't like to be criticized :) they will give you a 7 day ban on the forums if you.... so much complain on the slightest scale or proving one of their brainless lackies wrong..i don't care if you find my review helpfull or not, i don't care if you guys buy the game or not , your money is yours and you have every right to spend it how you feel like it..But i don't have to tell you that you can go for yourself and check out the discussions to see for you self of what i'm talking about.Got me once shame on you, got me twice shame on me, got me a third time, No more♥♥♥♥ your stupid Lies and shub them up your♥♥♥♥♥you cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------i don't see why  this game has THAT many Possitive Reviews, maybe paid People, or People who actually have no Brain Cells.... anyways here is my Honest quick and Best review for this gamePros and ConsPros1.The game is MASSIVE!! picture Assassins creed black flag, 10x bigger.. and as a Simulator2.You can sail any ship you want at whatever RANK3.OPEN WORLD!! in the Carribean ENOUGH SAID!!Cons1.EXP is slow as a turtle.... you find your self grinding for about 5-6 hours to only get half a rank done.... and when you finally cap it, There's more around the Corner...in some cases Alot and i do MEAN ALOT of people lose interest FAST in games that requiere Extreme ammount of EXP gathering... belive me, if you don't want then this game is NOT for you...( Untill they change the EXP rate Hopefully )2. THE AI.... Cheats all the time.3. $40 for the beta access, HELL NO.4. PVP is useless, i do not like PVP i do not support the idea of PVP in anygame ... bexause its tedius and there's no fun or Story arc.5. Lack of Missions, there's only 3 set of missions, SEARCH AND DESTROY! ( The devs Support more the PVP servers than the PVE )The game is good none the less, but it Lacks alot as in XP rates , Content , Missions, and other goodies that defines an MMO..... to me this game should of never been MP, we already have enough MP's on the market and buying a $60 game, that its survival is dependant of Servers is a Bad idea... in the Long Run you're being cashed.. and ripped...i am not saying don't get the game or.. saying get the game i will recommend the game but i will Urgely suggest buying it once its $20 TOPS, the game is not worth $40 for an EA nor $60 upon release.... at the Current stage of the game its not worth it."
76561197960516726,Recommended,311310,21403426,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,[BW] Aileron,"Interesting game that takes place in the Age of Sail period between 1700-1800 ish. With very interesting open world features in and more content being added often.Patches are made monthly and hotfixes are implemented when needed. Admin is not afraid to test new features or tweak things for testing purposes.Its still in early development and it lacks a lot of finished and polished details but still very fun to play if you enjoy this period and the Age of Sail theme.Changes are made and new ships are being added. There are quite a few things to improve in this game still and many things will be improved but even at this stage the game is entertaining and fun.Start with a lowly cutter and fight your way up the ranks until you have earned the crew that allows you to outfit a 1st Rate Ship of the line Nelsons Victory, Or the spanish giant Santissima if you can build or afford one. But dont rush it as every ship type has its advantages and drawback and testing them all are a large part of the fun.You can also advance your crafting talents and become a ship builder that help your nation by supplying your fellow captains with ships for trading or cannon thunder, for a fee to be negotiated.Or a shrewd trader that buys low and sells high, Transport needed goods from a port with a surplus to a port that lacks your commodity and is willing to pay a premium price.Join a Clan to seek adventure or combat Pirates, take part in RVR vs other Nations on which your nation and clan is fighting. Join a Fleet to stage a Portbattle and conquer a enemy region filled with ports and resources for your nation and deny the enemy of its use.Now you can pass the time with fishing while on the open the seas for exotic and valuable fish and the very rare Bottle with a map that can lead you to a shipwreck filled with treasure.The choices are yours, But remember The open sea can be a dangerous place.There be captains of other nations with whom you are at war, The smuggler who is trying to bring contraband to your nation or is smuggling for your enemies, or even the Pirates who wish to plunder your ship and its cargo to pay for a night in Tortuga with his ladies and rum bottles.The adventure is there but remember, Once you leave the safety of your nations port who knows what lies beyond the horizon."
,Not Recommended,311310,24061719,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Heady,buy this if u like doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time
76561197961766884,Not Recommended,311310,33499799,Posted: 13 July,all,Duncan,"The strengths of this game:  Great visuals.  Very good combat and sailing mechanics.  In depth crafting.Negatives: They are struggling with finding a balance on rules of engagement for lack of a better term.  7 nations, and pirates, map starts out somewhat historically accurate (not sure if the pirate ports were really under pirate control), but that leads to some nations having few resources and ports which is hard to overcome.  Pirates get some advantages, but no disadvantages so a bit unbalanced, with the exception that all other nations are always at war with the pirates.LOTS of grinding.I had a not recommended status on this game, but recently switched to a very cautious recommend, but I'm done.  I'm completly done with the game at this point.  I got my first 4th rate ship (post wipe), and found you have to earn about 125,000 experience points per ship (agamennon, constitution, etc.) to unlock all the knowldge slots. To put that in perspective, it takes 80,000 experience points to go from Commodore to Rear Admiral, so unlocking 2 different types of fourth rates is like earning Rear Admiral all over again, and even more needed when you move up to 3rd rate, and more still for 2nd rate, and even more still for 1st rate.I was playing as a US player in PVE EU, (things are slightly, but not much better for US On PVP Global), we had 3 types of oak, and fir...no teak, no mahogany, no cedar, no Sabicu woods, etc.  No trading goods that could be sold for a profit ANYWHERE on the map, so our ships tended to be heavier and slower. Pirates get an automatic buff to their speed, and all wood types are available to them.And so it goes...just grind, grind, grind.  To be fair the missions are fun and challenging, but...an enemy player can jump into your mission during the first few minutes.  Also, PVP...just means someone had 3 or more ships to everyone on the other side or they wouldnt have attacked.Bugs....for some reason,after each patch theres always a bunch of new bugs.Watch this site...http://steamcharts.com/app/311310if the population starts going up, might be worth buying, but keeps going down.  Check Naval Action Craft and check the map out...if you do buy, make sure you join a successful nation as there is no balance and the developers seem to want US to be disadvantaged."
76561198007253260,Recommended,311310,21865736,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Captain Blood,"the only game that kept me playing for that long,even if it`s ea and changing permantly.never seen a better seafight !"
76561197992767797,Recommended,311310,20818838,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Moghra,"Worth buying, even in Early Access, if you enjoy challenging Naval Combat."
,Recommended,311310,20685813,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Pea-Pod the Rocket squirrel,"Opinion changed, Love the game. Plenty of flaws and needs alot of touch ups. Game has future potential as an open world ship mmo, just needs a couple of years. Im just begging that the devs dont turn this game into somthing that involves paying to advance mechanism or anything involving paying ingame for somthing."
76561198048034277,Recommended,311310,20693591,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Aburn,"epic battles , but takes far too long to get another ship , and it has a really bad interface, good game but i reccomend everyone to wait until the have progressed further , and sorted missions out because you cant find them that well and people horde into radom open world battles , no tutorial and no one talks in help chat so just wait people!"
76561198073509211,Recommended,311310,20761760,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,[R]ebekah,Awesome game lots of ships and lots of freedom + hours of playtime :)
76561198029220305,Recommended,311310,20677980,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,coxy,"Really good once its finished been waiting for something like this, Shame you cant get a view from the lower decks of the ship"
,Recommended,311310,20706917,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Papasmurf,"Everything you could want in an Age of Sail game. For something not complete, it feels great. Already alot to do, the learning curve is a bit rough with no tutorials but there was nothing I couldn't learn from the community. Would deffinately reccomend and can't wait to see where this goes in the future."
,Recommended,311310,20710024,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Gildmeister,POTBS on steroids. the UI is a work in progress but all in all its a solid game.
76561198006662371,Recommended,311310,20796543,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Taranis,"A very promissing ALFA release.  The sea and weather conditions as well as the battles are very well done - much more complicated than they first appear to be - which allows for progression of the player.   The open world map of the gulf of Mexico is huge and takes many hours to cross with several hundreds of ports.  There are already 26 ships to play, and plans to add a more shortly.  Devs seem to have plans on developing a dynamic economic and crafting system as well.  The port UI is under developed at the moment - but the open world, sea, ship and battle effects are a great start!"
76561197960299095,Recommended,311310,20721779,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Kayin,"I tried this game with a lot of skepticism and at first i thought that it was too hard / not worth / not thought out. Once i started getting the hang of it, and saw a few tutorials on the web i started loving the game. It's at the same time incredibly complex and really simple.The game could use some interface help, because as of right now it's kinda bland when you enter a port. But since it's an alpha i guess they'll get there."
76561198061849618,Recommended,311310,20775409,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,AussieMR,Class game
,Recommended,311310,22696471,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Jäger,It's nothing personel. It's just good business.
,Recommended,311310,22414125,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Pwner_II,"Early Access, so expect a lot of changes, some of which may break things (even sometimes large things). Thankfully, devs have proven fairly quick to respond.The sailing and combat are both relatively accurate, certainly believable, and the ships are all fairly pretty.The downside is that leveling your captain (for a bigger crew and thus bigger ships) or levelling your crafting (so you can make bigger ships and better upgrades) is quite grindy. That grind accomodates the skill curve, however, so there is a reason for it."
,Recommended,311310,22470893,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Stewart,"Seriously great game for an old codger like mePROS-The ocean is magnificent! Storms, swells, waves and even the color of the ocean model is SO realisitc-Open world sand box is AMAZING! You can get lost at sea, travel takes TIME and many of the island chains are WOW!-Combat is Good Funl! What can I say?! Cannons, realtime ship damage etc....CONS-Ports and ships are very generic, they all look the same.-Lacks immersion and little things that could really bring it to life like wildlife, people working on the piers and just being industrious, better ecomony and things for players to enegage in. Music, mini games like poker where we can loose or win ships and or resources, actual boarding game where we can see crew fighting on board etc....- Game gets boing after a bit since it is mostly combat and crafting shipsSo I like what I see so far and I hope the Dev's will continue to polish this gem, I REALLY hope they do, because this has the potential to be phenominal! In fact"
76561198029070524,Recommended,311310,22427500,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Blademage,"This is a very lovely game. It is very detailed and always nice to look at. It isn't easy, neither gameplay itself nor the (still alpha) interface. The developers contiously do their best to improve gameplay but also always keep track on realism. If you look for real bugs (more than some suboptimal clipping or balancing issues), try another game. This one simply works:)"
76561198158545036,Recommended,311310,22428547,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,corpowat,if i COULD PLAY IT steam seemed tto have problems with error 130?
,Recommended,311310,24972692,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,♡ Melon ♡,"Best game ever. Have waited for 2 years, finally released on Steam!"
76561198165262712,Recommended,311310,24981147,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Teranova,"Fun game with realistic elements of battle. The grind to higher ranks can be a bit absurd though, and it can be a bit boring being stuck with the same vessel for hours on end, because ranks grant availability of new and better ships. Also, if you dont know anyone who owns this game, i really recommend you finding a clan to play with - solo play is out of the question. Overall, its the most realistic naval warfare game, though lacking of things to do besides battles which can get a bit repetetive after a while."
,Recommended,311310,25126212,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,OMOcat,"so like. this is actually pretty fun, its hard to get into atm because no tutorial, but once you learn and start to pickup things its alot of fun, player driven politics and stuff, realistic ship physics and wind, navigation, open world. its awesome ^^"
,Recommended,311310,20877757,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,sandy,Naval Action is a great game to play because of its beautiful landscape and realism. It has so much potential! I hope the developers finish what they started.
76561198053954100,Recommended,311310,20884063,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,NoBull,This game is probably one of the best early access games ive played yet.Its in alpha so theres plenty of things that need to be added but its still a great game. If you like eve you will definetaly like this game. Might be a bit pricey but well worth it!!!
,Recommended,311310,20872683,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Smiley,It`s a kind of game that I have waited for a loong time! Very happy with it!
76561198045925201,Recommended,311310,20879637,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Mythrandir,Amazing
76561198167329614,Recommended,311310,20884512,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,The Tiny Boy,"Naval Action already presents a significant amount of potential.  I immediately sucks you in and forces you to ""learn to sail"" and fight with naval era weapons.  The artwork is beautiful, the gracefuly captured the ships as you would expect them to look and the water is stunning.  Given further development of more ships, crafting, a wider array of missions and a more balanced country system (only allow a certain number of players per country) it will be great."
76561198061981766,Recommended,311310,20881983,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,tonybew,Yes I can see how this game could become addictive and I haven't done anything yet except sail around for 7 days avoiding everybody. It will be interesting to see how it develops and whether I can master anything other than sailing around looking at the scenery.
76561198006830632,Recommended,311310,20885213,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Mean Moose,Most realistic handling of sailing I have ever played.
76561198118456139,Not Recommended,311310,21591766,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,jthecamel,"Lets see if I can't discribe this game in four words...dull, dull, dull, dull, dull, dull, dull, dull, heart pounding fun, dull, dull, dull, dull.Huge open world that might as well be the surface of the moon for all the content it lacks. Wonderful graphics when it comes to the sailing ships and ocean content. On the flip side, its like playing a DOS game whenever you are in port. A complete lack of a texural old world feel. Almost as if the developers said screw it. The developers are thin skined and vindictive. As long as you kiss their rears everything will be fine, but question their glaring inability to hit deadlines or choices and watch out.This game was highjacked by a player base that wanted realism at the price of playability. At every turn they chose making it duller over making it playable. Open world speeded would have helped...nope. Quick transports to your other ports as apposed to a 45 minute sail...nope. This group likes staring at the stern of a ship for hours on end. Very few will have the time to spend three hours of travel to get where you can have ten minutes of play. Nothing in this game takes under an hour so don't even think about playing unless you can sit down for hours at a time. Sadly all of the tasks you can do are tedious and boring except for the combat.This game had a real chance, but its really only half a game. It lacks the content to be a real open world game. It is normal practice for players to find other activities to keep themselves busy while they sail 30 minutes through an empty sea. I have lierally walked the dog, fixed lunch, surfed the net and cleaned the room while waiting for something...anything to happen or do. If you yearn for the feeling of sailing for long unbroken expanses of time through a barron world, then brother this is your game.Overall:Ship combat; FantasticOpen world; Beuitiful but dullTrading; DullSailing; Beuitiful but dullDevelopers; Weak and untrustworthyPlayers base; Small, with a penchant for making the game even duller.Best to wait for this game to get below ten dollars. It's not like you'll miss the days when this game had a huge player base. It never did and in my opinion never will...unless they sell it as a sleep aid."
,Not Recommended,311310,21736197,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Rukh Solette,"Game is currently unplayable for me. Some bug causes the graphics to glitch out, 1 fps. GTX 960 with updated drivers, and my machine plays most other games just fine. This game has great potential. My advice is to wait until they finish it before you buy it. You might have a better place to spend $40 this year. Next year take another look."
76561197980024701,Recommended,311310,25084414,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,JamanGrr,Good game so far. It reminds me of the old Sid Meier's pirates & I hope it develops in that direction.
76561197978334434,Recommended,311310,20844314,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Kable,So.. I dont normally write reviews because well i suck at writing however...  I will say this is a must try for anyone who has ever liked any type of naval combat..  REALLY have high hopes for this game.
76561198007187663,Recommended,311310,20676885,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Bromel,"Sailing, Crafting, Trading, Ship Building, PvP, Single Player missions that you can also invite your group to help you with, PVE, helpful community, large map has to be 200 ports too many to count, and massive ship battles some as large as 40 on 40 all in an Open World... whats not to like. Pay no attention to any of the Neg Reviews, most of those idiots played less than an hour and are too stupid to figure the game out. So they whine bad game, neg review 0.2 hours played lol.... Granted the game is in alpha, there is a lot that still need developing, but the game is fun and very addicting in its current state and really looks to have a great future. Nearly all files are server side so should keep any hackers away, very small download 2gb. No lag, no congestive log in, no bugs so far that I have seen. Set in about the 18th century naval warfare."
76561198008219702,Recommended,311310,21741789,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,smadogj,"Instantly addicting to anyone who's a fan of Naval Warfare.  I've been playing for 5 days and I absolutely love it.It takes a little while to get used to the nuances of combat, but once you've got it, it's a blast!"
,Not Recommended,311310,25002992,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Brian,I can't recommend this game because the interface is nowhere near standards. The devs are adding content and ships instead of working on the overall interface. Trading system has game breaking bugs. Selling commodities to harbor towns will yield 1 gold per unit instead of the stated price. This can cause you to go broke. Hours on end of playing to lose all your money in one bugged transaction. Appearently this has been a known issue for at least a month and they have done nothing about it. Just keep adding ships.
76561197987505629,Not Recommended,311310,25064707,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Turd Ferguson,"This game's primary focus is 1) naval combat, and 2) making historically accurate ships. I don't really understand why they didn't just make this game a matchmaking lobby where people join random battles. The open world and non-battle aspects of this game are insanely boring and it's pretty obvious they're all an afterthought. After like 6 months of reading (the UI is just a placeholder) it's still the exact same plain blue screen with text, sailing around the map is not interesting or very involved, crafting, ship building and trading are all just a matter of making boring trips between ports and dragging squares of text between inventories, most of the updates seem to be focused on introducing new ship models. This is a game for people who like building model ships and repetitive (albeit well done) combat to unlock bigger ships. I might've liked it better if it was done in the style of War Thunder, but adding all this other stuff in without actively improving it, is just a tease and makes it very dissapointing."
76561198117018813,Recommended,311310,25071505,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Plumpy,"The best naval game i've ever played, it's like sid'meiers pirate, but better which is incredible. Even tho it is still a work in progress this game is worth the money. The battles are fun, the trading is getting really interesting, the world looks beautiful and it is as historically accurate as it can be.Cooperation with other players is recommended, finding a clan or a group of player to help you gain experience and ships is paramount.Ships can be crafted and upgraded and this can really make a difference. No pay to win there, only experience and sharing ressources with your friends.But do know that this game requires time, a mission isn't a 20 minutes thing, you have to sail to the place which can be relatively far and battles are slow (but intense), huge sailing ships were not known for their speed. I personnaly don't like to start the game if i don't have a couple of hours in front of me.So far the developpers have delivered everything i expected and more, i hope it continues."
76561198022591450,Recommended,311310,20861917,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Wesley Snipes,Crazy fun and its still EA...
,Recommended,311310,20862991,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Zimrrik,Best Naval Game I've ever played. This game has brought my dreams to Life!!!
,Recommended,311310,20776455,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Eorekan,Trade ship chase and angle calculation simulator.
76561198035136477,Recommended,311310,20806600,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Powllowl,"Bought this a few days ago and I'm already hooked, really good gameplay requires skill and thinking, great visuals Still needs a little work but I can't wait to see where they go with this.10/10 would Boat again"
76561197996404741,Recommended,311310,20876620,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Nyarl Q Thotep,"This game is like if Syd's Pirates were a 2D, topdown view, openworld shooter this game would be a 3D roving 3rd person view, openworld sailing combat simulator. I put in ten hours and it was so fantastic I wanted to say something.The world looks beautiful. The combat is suitibly complex for the goal of being a tall-ship sim. Gunnery is hard and fantasticly seemingly phsics based with every cannon moving somewhat uniquely (truly gorgeous). The damage model seems relatively realistic for a computer game.The community seems very active helpful and enthusiastic at least at this time. It's a pretty cool game imho.  You  have to sail the Carribean looking for booty. It's hard to go wrong with a concept like that for me. This game is seriously relaxing and stable for me. Absolutely no crashes yet.The hydrodynamics are gorgeous. The sea looks it should look and has a realistic day night cycle (not to scale). As sombody that enjoys sailing this game inpressively invokes the experience while complicating gunnery with the constantly changing levels in a dynamic surfaced sea.It's a year later and I put another hundred hours into this game and it made me want to add that I think the storms are nearly a  work of art and I like them with my headphones on. It all literally sounds like sailing and that is something I can enjoy and the battles are visually stunning.I'd like to add some criticisms of the game..pirates have special rules  #sailsofinvisibility #tallshipradio-operator #easymode.rules change so often and arbitrarily that they feel like guidelines rather than rules.devs screw people who save so always spend everything as quickly as possible instead of saving up for something you might want more (we're talking about victory mark conversion btw).devs have a hardon for the pirates.pirates never had first rate ships and couldn't have beached one to scrape off the barnacles (they would have needed a real shipyard harbor to maintain even the most modest fleet).the devs might just be piratesThis is a niche game for people that have a tallship fantasy and for those people, there isn't anything quite as good as this. The feeling you have sailing to the far side of the planet to fight a battle with a bunch of buddies and few choice ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s is pretty good and at the graghics levels I have it set at, it seems pretty immersive to me. The game is detailed unough that I can ""unpower"" my sails to change the tilt of my ship to get the shot I need and play the proper sound effect when I power them back up. That's decent immersion for sailheads.Other than that, the pirates having special powers and no limitations is stupid and unbalanced and the truth is that it takes so long to grind out a ship and so easy to have it ganked that the average player won't spend the time with the game to rival the considerable skills of people that are already more invested.  The player base will probably continue to decline for this reason however I find playing at this time still enjoyable.In conclusion, I have always dreamed of piloting a tall ship and this game has been a substantial improvement for me and I still recomend it for the people for whom this idea has great appeal."
76561198084011790,Recommended,311310,20884068,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,PsychoKilla_Mk2,I've got the Hang of putting my balls into other ships poop decks... and sometimes friendly.i like it! more so when played with friends.
76561198062196340,Recommended,311310,20696262,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,iPwn,"A very good game, with great potential and ideas. Naval battles are awesome, crafting is quite complex and the world map is  huge. If you call yourself a fan of ships of any kind, you MUST buy the game."
,Recommended,311310,20888725,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,=7Cav=PFC.White.D,Naval Action is hands down the best MMO ive ever played:1. Sail about doing missions2. Enter Battle against ship better then my ship3. Decide i want to capture it4. Battle for 15 minutes trying to slow down ship5. Grape Shot most of crew decide to ram to stop ship and capture6. Ram Ship and Front of my Ship Catapults onto ships deck7. The ship i wanted Sinks8. Crying because i sank the better ship10/10 would ram and sink ship again.
76561197988281456,Recommended,311310,20895948,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Daniel181,"This game is really worth trying if you like this sort of thing. Don't expect to be on for a few minutes, sailing takes time as does combat. Expect to be in a battle for atleast 10minutes 1vs1. Also don't expect GPS, you have to use your brain to figure out where you are on the map. Trading is not too hard but offers no EXP right now. The combat is Solid and fun, it feels right. The sounds of cannon is really nice, especially cannon fired in the distance.Crafting is ok though again, takes time. This is a nice addition as it can help to play the market a bit. Making money on the market requires some luck and some skill.Looking forward to future update as it can only get better from here."
76561198008576583,Not Recommended,311310,25392622,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,-Fin-MushroomMan,downrate cause gankers camping on post battle screen.... i started this game cause pvp action. not to wait 3h for pvp action... dear dews fix your game and ill continue playing. until that everyone have fun waiting for action... (naval waiting around action)
76561198049350805,Not Recommended,311310,21847767,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Carsten,"AS many other gamers, I really wanted to love this game. I know we are IN Alpha - but the development team simply don't have any communication with the players. The game is russian, which means you will have to put up with tons and tons of russian in the chat. You will with certain guarantee miss, if somebody is writing to you in english.The things you are able to do is simply not enough. The missions is the same, over and over and over again. Thers is no clan/guild opsions - well you can join a clan, all it gives you is a chat - noting more! No shared warehouses or other stuff to underline a clan community.So my advise - stay away untill the game is finished. The early access experience is that the development team ""don't care about their players""Update: Just went in to check it out. Only russians play the game now. Unless your russian, spend your money elsewhere."
76561197990406453,Recommended,311310,21679283,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mandrake,hmm i will say i recomend this game for those who liked Sid Miers Pirates but always wanted to play it with others.this is very simliar but also very diffrent.here are some pro's and con's i put the cons first as i feel get past this and i think the pros will be worth it.Cons:has no easy way to find out how to do stuff like sail or use manual sails.Has no location on Map thus making it hard for people who dont know how navigate.Takes for ever to get most places (7hrs of game play from the French starting Zone to the NW French lands in US)game is still in production so things like UI are not stellaryou can easly lose all your cargo if you forget to put it into your cargo hold in a port you dont have a outpost.Starting Ship combat is very hard due to waves casueing shots to miss. (gets better in bigger ships)Zerg nations like US/Brits make smaller nations harder to playCan be as adictive as cocain.....Pro's:IS HIGHLY ADICTIVE played 141 hrs in last 2 weeks alone...is not just a Sailing game it is also a factional Strategy game as well with nations declaring war and taking ports from othersthe PVP is both exciting and fun.allows for diffrent styles of play you could be a mercant or you can be a pirate or you can form your own clan into a Notional Navy reserve to protect your nation. you can do crafting of ships to make your money or you can lead your nation in war aganst another.  you can sail around hunting NPC fleets.lots of diffrent ships to choose from that have there own Benfits or defects and allow for a player to find a ship that seeks his style of play better.this game is not completed but it is damm good and playable even now. it can have a hard learning curve but i suggest spending a few hrs looking up Utube vid guides and you will learn all you need to know from this game.for best enjoyment Join a non Zerg nation like the French/Sweeds/Danes/Dutch/Spain somtimes being a underdog just means u got more people you can kill :)
,Not Recommended,311310,21661210,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dr.Moon/BE\,"This game is a waste of 40$ for the following reasons1) No tutorial. (EVEN IF there was a SIMPLE tutorial that would of suited my needs. I'm clearly lost and I shouldn't NEED to look at guides to get a solid idea how to play a game. It should teach you INSIDE the game.2) Very messy combat systemP.S. If you think I can't handle these types of games think again. I have numerous hours in EU4, Victoria 2, among other games that take a lot of planning before you execute your plan."
76561198021642070,Recommended,311310,20815926,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Caveman Fury,"Been playing this for three days now and I cant stop! Ive always been a fan of shows such as Black Sail and Hornblower so when I seen this game come across my desk I thought why the hell not. I didnt even dream in a thousand years that it would be this fun and rewarding even just landing your broadside on the other ship feels great! instant satisfaction! If I had to choose a game that I would say this reminds me off I would have to pick Pirates just because in a way its like they have taken this game and made it into something that all those hardcore fans where screaming for all those years ago. SO! if your a fan of this era, wanna have that feeling of being a naval captain of your chosen country or just wanna be a big scary raging pirate then this is the game for you I promise you wont regret. One more note though if you pick this game up is get into a clan/group that you can play with as it makes the game that much more enjoyable."
76561198019755430,Recommended,311310,20728791,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Joeja,"YESThis game is simply awesome...Alot of things you can do, the leveling and crafting system are amazing.Batteling looks awesome, feels awesome and is awesome.This is the age of sail MMO we have all been waiting for years!"
76561198141542044,Recommended,311310,21933137,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,pokergabe13,"Amazing game, love the sailing, the pirates and the fight scenes. The large group PvP action is a great concept and the one time payment makes my wallet happy. I can see a long future for this game as there are many level of grinding, crafting and collecting of resourses."
,Recommended,311310,23958177,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TheKildar,"Vastly underrated game. Tons of fun for anyone with a taste for an age of sail game with great combat mechanics. Still early access, still alot of content to come, but they seem to be churning it out at a reasonable and steady pace. There is a deceptively large amount of stuff to do in the game, I don't even play on the PvP servers myself. you can craft your own ships or craft them to sell, you can build buildings on your outposts now, fish passively as you travel, use the fish for selling or crafting. lots of combat options from the basic missions and smuggler hunting/capturing to massive battles between factions and the Epic Events at high level. Great game to play with friends."
76561198157527855,Recommended,311310,24234925,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,onnai92,This is about the most imersive game I have ever played.I felt lost at sea and felt the adrenaline rush by cathcing a Giant Manta Ra.A whole realistic Carribean for you to explore with friends!Still in Alpha though. Getting excited for the real launch.
76561197993153538,Not Recommended,311310,31941812,Posted: 24 May,all,SANDMAN838,"OK well got to say the game looks good playes goodthe one thing I see that it needs inless I'm missing it , is navigation,when you look at the map to see were to go it does not even show were your atso you can get to you destonation, lol event he real ships of that time had some kind of navigation,"
,Not Recommended,311310,25555405,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,No Dope - No Hope,"Not exactly my cup of tea, but maybe it'll get better!"
,Not Recommended,311310,31953259,Posted: 25 May,all,SexyWarJesus,"This game could have been great!  The GUI looks like it was made by some kid on a Commodore 64 which I am willing to overlook, for at least the first year.  However, this game has been around now for a long time and no improvements have been made.   It is a HUGE time sink it will take you 20 min to chase down an NPC in a ship then the NPC's will spin in circles behind you the whole combat is simply turning in circles.  Very poorly done and you will need to invest a massive amount of time and energy on repetitive tasks in order to progress even a little bit.This game won't last, why?  Because its not fun at all its actually really annoying."
76561198011337697,Recommended,311310,20784317,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Elusive Plonkey,"This game is incredibly fun, never pisses you off like CS, serious game and enjoyable really makes you learn sailing terms if you are into that. Clans are hilarious and navigating yourself is a fun change to continueous waypoints that all games have nowadays. So far no complaints. Developers are really invested in the game which is a great sign!"
,Recommended,311310,20788157,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,(MG) DustyMonkey,I would recommend this game but with the caviate that you need to invest time and patience into it.The world is beatuiful and it is great they have managed to put together a great open world that can support over 2000 players per server.But they really could do with some kind of boot camp to help you get started. and some music which could come from your ship of shanty songs and pirtaty music.If you have some frineds playing at the same time it can be very good fun and highly recommended!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIgIzTQvxq4
76561198053239914,Recommended,311310,35071516,Posted: 19 September,all,stonedm4n,Best boat game ever !! nice graphic nice gameplay ! Teamplay !! crafting  .. I LOVE IT !!If u buy it !! join usa DD clan  :)
76561198103458963,Not Recommended,311310,23613125,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,jamieIIV,"The game itself is not very realistic becouse their where no teleport buttons in the 15 century i think also the game is just too hard if you try to do 1 mission ,becouse youre forced to, you get rekt by the AI. you're forced to do these missions becouse you dont start with money so no way you are gonne be a trader becouse you gotte try to kill a ship first witch takes about 30-1 hour if the enemy doesnt board you and take your 50 crew out with their 100 crew."
76561198035415036,Recommended,311310,23006401,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,lordbleu,Amazing game. Most of the negative reviews are from people who fail to understand that this is an alpha with constant changes and experimentation.
76561198055794867,Recommended,311310,20775567,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ALOelement,"A game really worth trying, even in alpha.This is a must have for every age of sail fan, it is really promising and full of detail and even if you are not a big fan of sails and cannons i think you could easily become one with this game.The developers know what they're doing and listen to the players in their forums.In game, you start by choosing your player name and nation, then you are brought to the Capital of your faction in the port screen (User Interface is a bit clunky right now, but they are obviously planning to improve it) where you can see your ship, buy equipment, trade, craft items, upgrade your ship and accept missions or simply jump in a random battle room and fight.But if you press Sail you get to the open world, which is really huge, ranging from the northern coast of South America to Florida with the Caribbean Islands in between, of course, and the gulf of mexico, with lots of settlements and places to explore, fight or trade.The various factions in game can conquer settlements belonging to each other, by assembling invasion fleets.Sailing and fighting might seem hard at the beginning. but you will quickly get used to the various keys and maneuvers.And fighting is where this game really shines, with a great level of immersion, nice graphics and awesome sounds (though the game could use a bit of soundtrack and a bit more variety of sounds), learning to maneuver a ship in a battle with many ships, with cannonballs flying over your head is really satisfying and when you manage to sink or capture your first ship it gets even more, the only negative thing about combat i can find personally is the ""text based"" boarding actions, though it's not that bad an idea, but could be improved.So, get the game, find some friends or invite yours and build up a fleet to join the great community already present in Naval Action."
76561197988798281,Not Recommended,311310,21660873,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ContraStorm,"This game has a lot of potential to become a great game, but in the state that it is currently in it isn't. The developers don't really see what will keep a gamer  playing their game and what wont. It is not player balanced with nations. Basically it is USA and Brits fighting. If you are a player that doens't like to struggle in a game then join the USA nation and be bored most of the time. If you would like to have a challange and maybe get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥daily by USA now and then, then you shoudld join one of the other many nations in this game.Another thing that is pretty bad about this game is that the gameplay is pretty repetative gameplay. No matter if you are pulling some NPCs from a different nation or doing missions on your own, it is all the same thing it never changes or there isn't anything different on how the scenario can change depending on the weather or any other factor.My recomendation to those who are thinking of buying this game is that if you would like to spend the money to see how the game is, well just watch videos first of the game on Youtube and then make your decision. The grinding is a pain in the butt though."
,Recommended,311310,20715193,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Postal1982,#1 After 18 hours I have yet to find one bug or crash.#2  Fight instances has been fluid with out a single stutter so far in battles.#3 Solid ground work for crafting and econic system.#4 Abolutely beautiful to look at.#5 Sailing controlls and cannon game is on point.#6 Dynamic weather adds great imersion.
,Not Recommended,311310,24260127,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mercy,Slow development.
76561198157432622,Not Recommended,311310,31941964,Posted: 24 May,all,Cancerous Cactus,Will consider returning when  my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ has been un♥♥♥♥ed by the dev team.
76561198311544728,Not Recommended,311310,34785693,Posted: 6 September,all,mariobaltonji,"I LOVE this game!!!It has great potential to be even more, but after i had 2500 hrs. and mega wipe happend it isn't a same!Game is geting worse and worse..I play as a pirate.. with this new start after wipe they made pirates totaly  uniteresting and underdogs.. we can't make 1st and 2cond rate ships (i don't wona buy another acc, totaly supid to have those ships)  any more, and not to say pirates can atack pirates any time , so already divided pirates just got even more divided, and to do something in this game you nead to cooperate together!You cant hold a port our capture one if you dont have 30-50 players working together!+ pirates didn't get any advantage for so many nerfs that they got now, totaly  STUPID !!!If they don't change something asp they will lose many more pp... and not to say that sometime long ago there was over 1000 pp, now at best 250.. and droping FAST !!To bad i rly like this game , but ain't worth my time at this condition at it is!Hope they make drastic change, our this will just collect  dust in my steam acc, and i wouldn't like that at all!(sry for bad eng)"
76561198181983054,Recommended,311310,34528532,Posted: 27 August,all,Arab Blacksmith,this game is my favorite ship game and i became a fan of sail ships because of it also in the game i had one friend who helped me rank up to 5 ranks and learn the battles in a week about everything although it is still in it's early form i play it everyday and hope to make a big furtune and enhance the requirements to join big multiplayer battles and be effective in my nation which is denmark
76561198276244825,Recommended,311310,34606791,Posted: 30 August,all,ThisMotherfucker,I love this game <3
76561198062355040,Recommended,311310,34880565,Posted: 11 September,all,WoBear,"My first review ever, Love this game!!  I am a huge fan of SimulatersProblems yes:Its tricky to get startedHonestly thats it......Huge moning about Devs not listening to each player = personaly i think thats ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.This game is ever changingI did play PVP (Player vsPlayer) first but because i play very casule i opted for PVE (Player vs Enviroment) i would advise PVE and when you find your feet choose to move to PVPIf i never bought the game because of all the crying reviews i would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off this is the reason im doing a reviewSorry about my English ist not my first languageIf you do join give me a shout PVE server Pirate MortimerTown clan HLF name FitzRoy ask for me in NationRegards Fitz"
76561198032076039,Not Recommended,311310,29699459,Posted: 4 February,all,[Grognard]_Driant,"A game in developement. beautiful graphics but poor animations (mainly for the boarding) and interface screen without interesting aspects. Currently, gaming mecanics are not fixed (mainly for conquest aspects), for PVP, PVE, crafting and trading aspects things go in the good way.General review: currently too much expensive for an early access. I'll recommand that game when conquest, animations and interface are definetly fixed."
76561198006362191,Not Recommended,311310,34780296,Posted: 6 September,all,Cainn,"Played this game a lot when it first came out. Got caught up in real life and had to take a break for a bit, Decided to come back and give it another try only to find everything I had gone. No Population, no clans recruiting having asked mulitple times in chat. Spent 3 days grinding missions in a cutter to afford gold to put cannons on my redeemable ship (Indefatigable). Start doing missions again, second mission I try two spanish players jump in and sink me. ♥♥♥♥ this game. I'm out."
76561197998051407,Not Recommended,311310,23058071,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,killemall,"While the game is still in development, and the dev team are interested in feedback from the players, their obstinate refusal to offer anything close to realism in the way of maritime navigation is the deal-breaker for me. No matter how pretty you make the sunsets, no matter how detailed the ships, no matter the accuracy of the eye-candy for the period, having to rely on landmarks for navigation is possibly the stupidest game mechanic decision they have made. They give you a compass and what amounts to a speedometer, and tell you to navigate by sight. No concession to anything realistic about sailing is made. The world map is lovely, yet worthless in regard to getting from A to B. Yes, you can see the port you just departed from, and yes, you can see the port you may be attempting to reach. You can even see the crossed sabers indicating the position of the ship(s) you are instructed to sink, etc. What you are not given, and what you will be never given (unless the dev team comes down off their high horse) is any indication of where the hell you are on that same map.I played Pirates of the Burning Sea at launch, and then again 2 yrs ago. While Naval Action is in the ""simulation"" category, and PotBS was not, for all of its faults, PotBS was a better game. It had character and style. NA has plenty of screenshot-worthy moments, but the ludicrous and intentional lack of navigation realism cannot but render this game to me anything beyond a mobile Geoff Hunt painting. If you want to sail a pretty ship around scanning the horizon for a landmark to fix your position, then buy the game.  I think I'll uninstall for now and come back when the game is finished. Maybe, by then, the devs will realize that their desire for players to experience being ""lost at sea"" because navigation tools like an octant or a sextant would make it too easy is a cop-out.I have not, and will not say anything about the lack of tutorial, etc. because it IS an Early Access game.If you have a couple of spare $20 bills lying around, buy the game. If you would rather see your money put to better use, send it to me and help me pay off my student loans."
76561198017646950,Not Recommended,311310,26088989,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,a.z.kovacs,"Dear Developers,This is a peace of ... According to the law of the EU please send me the money back.I can't join the game because of some steam_api() init problem or whatever.Thanks:kovesz77"
76561197969383674,Not Recommended,311310,23140882,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,QuackFoo,"Buggy, annoying, poor playability."
,Recommended,311310,33843798,Posted: 27 July,all,Luftwaffle,"I've read many of the reviews for this game and do not feel they are entirely accurate.1) Most complain about the time taken up by the open world sailing. The truth of the matter is that all it takes to sail from one side of the map to the other is a few hours of making sure the game does not go off due to inactivity.2) The game is not noob friendly, but there are plenty of clans and other captains that will be glad to help introduce a player to the game.3) The trading is as simple as bringing foreign goods to one of your ports. In doing so you can easily double your money every trip you take."
76561198074626791,Recommended,311310,20685838,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Vulcan Raven,"great game, its fun and is in pretty good shape for a early access game, and its really easy to learn how to play the game i manage to learn and win my firts battle in the firts 20 mins"
76561198034514892,Not Recommended,311310,34810645,Posted: 8 September,all,robert_linder,Joined when it was released for early access. Showed great promise but now it is just a test bed for their other projects. Player base collapsed and no real progress for the open world part in many months. Clearly this is a dying game.
76561198085455728,Not Recommended,311310,23041081,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mr Castrol,I bought this game couple day's ago $59.99 for this bit much i played 2 hours and then got a refund its amazing don't get me wrong stunning world everythink.Just need little more help with new player's.\even a turitol to help them first before letting them lose on the 7 sea's that happend to me and ended up been stuck.Then maps lol ok you dont know where you spawn or how to get any where you just sail (it's cool i understand) but New player's need some guidance at first to get the rope's.i'll happely recoomend this game just a few ui chanages and guys with 970s over heating for no reason or random crashes willy nilly.I'm going to re buy once this is cheaper its not worth $59.99 for what you get at the start NOPE.
76561198075073004,Not Recommended,311310,29761654,Posted: 7 February,all,Matimares,It gets boring after some time.
,Not Recommended,311310,33685001,Posted: 20 July,all,TryXanel,"Worst controls ever, it's NOT intuitive at all. just to sail  or to understand what to do you have to search for tutorials online."
76561198024869155,Not Recommended,311310,30267145,Posted: 1 March,all,Surprisebatsex,Disappointed
76561198301929690,Not Recommended,311310,32999235,Posted: 29 June,all,wm1248,"This game is summed up in one word, Impossible. It is impossible to do anything."
,Not Recommended,311310,23175568,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Newtz,"I would recommend this game to people who want to grind and have alot of time.I havnt gotten far into the game because of this.Its a great concept but not carried out correctly.There are to many nations and to few player in each one.Its really hard to get anywhere and takes a long time to get any money,ships etc.Like i said i would love to love this game its a game thats not carried out correctly with a great concept behind it.I got this game when it first came out(in the first few days) and didnt know much about it.The screenshots show really late game stuff and ships that it takes a long time to get to."
76561198066950905,Not Recommended,311310,32080644,Posted: 31 May,all,BadWizard,how the fu#k do you find anyone to fight? im just sailinmg in the goddamn rain
,Recommended,311310,32062709,Posted: 30 May,all,DandyDan,I've loved this game since the moment I started playing it. It has stunning visuals in both the open world and in battle. Recently the population has gone up a considerable amount so you can garantee you will see other players despite how incredibly large the map is that you can explore. In battle you will experience a very high level of realism as you try to sink your enemy. This is no world of warships. You have to actually control the ships sails and everything else about it while still keeping situational awareness to not get boxed in by other ships. the PVE is challenging and the PVP is even more difficult playing against people who have truly mastered the game. When playing please remember this is an early access and is going to have bugs here and there but the devs are active and when you put in a report they take care of it in good time. Though this  game has been in developement for a long time it shows no signs of dieing off. I would recomend this game to anyone with a love of ships.
,Not Recommended,311310,20984463,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dr.Beehead,dont buy this if your pc isnt that great
,Not Recommended,311310,23315760,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,MechanicalMike,"Not worth $40. Good grapphics, but the gameplay is severly lacking... Thankgod for steam refund. I'll use this and put it towards Blackwake"
76561198009739974,Not Recommended,311310,22993991,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,james,"I dont believe the game should be priced at £29.99, it is not worth the money.Graphics are good but they really need to have more to offer for enjoyment factor, it simply boring."
,Recommended,311310,23765695,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,NG| Ossama Binlaggin,"Although Naval Action has some flaws, there are still many reasons to play. First, for an early access game, Naval Action is very well polished and recieves substantial updates and bug fixes each month. The devs are really good at listening to the community and making necessary changes. Along with that, the community is great dispite its small size. There are plety of new players joining the community every week and many will happy to travel and fight along side you in both PvP and PvE. The combat is the main attraction for Naval Action and is realistic and challenging.There are a few problems that will likely be addressed in future updates. The open world travel is painfully slow and the world is massive. Most of the time you will spend is around your own coastal ports. In addition, there isn't a ton of variety in the combat, which is made worse by the long grind required to reach the higher ranks. For me, getting money is the easy part and you will certainly be able to by a first rate before you have the men to crew it. This is because the amount of crew you can have is dictated by your rank. One last thing is that I really recommend playing this with friends as it cuts down on some of the boring grind.Overall, I recommend Naval Action despite its flaws. You have to remember that this is still early access and has been around for only a short time. The updates every month are refreshing and make noticable changes. For under $60, this game is tremendous fun for anyone interested in the age of sail."
76561198036654577,Recommended,311310,25362258,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,dcarter6,"Awesome game! I will expand this review weekly in the comments below: Day one: The world is massive, truly massive. Sailing is fairly easy if you understand the mechanics of tacking. If not, it's easy to get the hang of it.You start out with zero gold, but it's not a problem. You can gain gold easy by doing missions where you go out and fight pirates. Once you accept a mission, you look at your map and a crossed sword appears somewhere at sea close to the port you accepted the mission from. Exit the port and use your compass to get a general bearing, because you can get lost if it's out of sight of land. The fights are not click fests, so fast twitch COD type players may get bored. Strategic players will LOVE it! You have to use the wind to your advantage, change your cannon shot according to your plans which change constantly due to the ebb and flow of battle. I like to use chain to damage the enemy's sails at first from a distance while avoiding his broadsides if possible, then I maneuver behind his stern and use ball shot to damage his stern. Once his stern is damaged, I switch to grape shot and take out his crew. It's not just point and click however. When you use grape shot you need to time the waves so the boat is leaning towards you and you can actually see the crew for better results. It can actually make the difference between killing 2 crew members or 12! You can also try to demast or reduce his sails to where his speed is very low and then board the ship. If successful, you get to keep the ship and everything in the hold!!! Battles are not fast. Sometimes it takes over an hour for me to kill a pirate. I'm told that as you get better it gets quicker, but it's still a lot of fun and quite realistic even for a rookie like me and I usually stink at killing anything in PVP or even PVE type situations.  Awesomeness!!!Getting on to other aspects of my first weekend. Travel and exploration is quite realistic. There is no gps and your position is not marked on the map. At first I hated this, but now I love it. It's realistic. The ocean is vast. You can get lost easy. At first I just sailed in the general direction of an island with a port I wanted to locate to see what trading goods they needed. Big mistake. The island was quite far and I got lost. I spent two real life hours in open sea with no sight of land anywhere. I finally ran into a small island which was well of course of where I thought I was headed. Since then, I've found that the best way to travel and not get lost is to open up your map, pick the location you want, and zoom in. You can then see the coordinates. Start your journey in the general direction using your compass and check your coordinates on the map occasionally, adjusting your direction based on your current coordinates. It's very simple. If the first number on your coordinate target is say 75:00 N  15:10 W and you're at 78:00 N  17:00 W, go in the direction that makes the first number go lower, then adjust your steering to the left or right to make the second number go lower. Keep adjusting untill the numbers match and you'll find your destination. You'll actually see it before the numbers match especially if you use your spyglass by using the ""Shift"" key. I haven't gotten lost since I started using this method.The world map encompasses the entire Gulf of Mexico, the eastern seaboard of the United states, South America, and the Bahamas, Cuba, etc. It'a absolutely huge and would take hours and hours to get from one end to another. Ports are controlled by various countries, each with certain advantages. I chose England because there were a lot of players choosing that country due to it's rich naval history. You can take ports from other countries, but I haven't tried that yet.As you discover ports, it reveals what they produce and what they consume as far as resources like Oak, Iron, tea, hemp, etc. If you like to trade, you can open trade routes. Buy stuff cheap at one port and sell it higher at another. I just started trying this and it seems like a lot of fun, but the market is very competitive.Crafting seems awesome as well. You can actually craft your own ships!!! And best of all, they can vary in terms of quality so you and your friend may craft the same boat but one might be significantly better than the other! The only drawback to crafting that I see so far is that it uses something called labor hours and you're limited to so many a day. You can also add outposts in ports you like and then construct buildings like silver mines, oak forests, etc and harvest your own resources, but these too use up labor hours. So unlimited crafting is not an option although I believe that perhaps you can purchase labor hours form other players. I'm not sure on this because I haven't crafted much yet, but i see people shouting out they have it for sale. It still looks like crafting will be a blast on a limited basis of course.You can also fish, and actually catch fish while you're traveling, but the market for most of the fish is not very profitable. One exception is Bull Sharks. They go for 5000 to 10000 gold and I caught three on my first day. Species of fish vary according to your location. I caught the Bull sharks as I sailed closer to the Florida coast.You can upgrade your ships and buy new ones and there are a lot to choose from. You must rank up to get better ships. I've ranked up once already, but I haven't purchased a new ship yet because I liike my cutter and I'm not sure which ship I want to buy yet.You can also build a fleet of ships which makes fighting much easier at the cost of lower experience gain.There are guilds you can join so you can declare war on other nations. I haven't joined one yet, because I'm still trying to learn the game and there is a lot to learn. There is a chat function with a few channels like nation, global, help, etc. You can friend people in game.The game is early access, but gets regualar updates. The potential here is amazing. The sea is beautiful to sail upon. There are weather effects. I'm hoping they incorporate hurricanes! There is no tutorial yet, so I use Youtube and google to learn stuff and the help chat in game. I've played a lot this first weekend and even though I still don;t know what I'm doing in many aspects, I love it.One of my favorite moments was when I was lost at sea for two hours. I had not seen a single ship or even a hint of land as I traveled fishing along the way. I kept catching new species of fish. Suddenly, in the distance I saw a large ship. My heart started pounding as I clicked on him to see his nationality. He was English like me! It was an amazing feeling. I felt as if I had truly been lost and not just in a game. I realized that unless he was lost like me, he had to be coming from somewhere, so I followed his course backwards while he disappeared im my wake. Eventually I came upon a small English port on an island. I could easily have clicked on him and chatted asking him where the nearest land was since I had not learned to use my map yet, but I wanted to do it on my own and eventually I succeeded. This is one of the things that make this game pure Awesomeness for me. Not knowing if an enemy might be lying in wait for you over the horizon. Coming up on an unknown port in the dark and barely being able to see the lights of a few buildings in your spyglass, but realizing that at least it's land. The sense of relief when you see that it belongs to your home country or an ally....the dread when you see that it belongs to an enemy and you change course before someone sees you . You set your sails to take advantage of the most favorable wind and escape sailing out into the unknown....Day 2: Today I started crafting parts for a ship I'm going to build. In order to build a ship you must make an outpost at a port, then build a shipyard. The shipyard is expensive...50,000 gold"
,Not Recommended,311310,20730137,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Mфик,"I am fan of MMO and Pirates theme. I bought the game follwing all the good reviews from the community.Well, it was a huge disapointment.First, the community is great IF you say the game is perfect. If you catch any flaws, you are acused of beeing a troll but this so called ""great community"".Now, for the game itself.I could not fix switchable graphics card. The program allways was making the default render card the windows card, even the card software was forcing the 3D card to render the game.Then, there is no place to learn the mechanics. Well hard to pay that kind of money to try to figure out if the mechanic of the game works. Its not intuitive so you have to place a lot of effort to start to figure out what to do.I tried a battle, felt simplistic.I know its in EA but still, didnt catch me up after a short try. Maybe will come back when the game is more developed."
76561198044349482,Not Recommended,311310,26379897,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,spectrum1994,"Avoid this development team in the game's current condition. You'll regret buying it.I bought this game because of my love for ships and while this does indeed quench that desire ... I've noticed very little has changed in the time i've played, watched videos and read the VERY vaguely explained patch notes themselves... Ocasional FPS buffers, sometimes a ping spike 'patch' that helps stabilize long-winded trips out into the deeper confines of the ocean tides... But nothing very stable that can be considered extensively ""important"" (major ship additions, revamped shop UI's and such, better ship ramming (still can flip a ship just by rubbing it long enough) and still could use some major reworking when it comes to physics effecting ship shrapnel... stronger FRIENDLY communication with the players and so forth is still nowhere to be found.Most admins on the forums themselves defend the game's ""positive"" aspects. But degrade ANYONE that negatively shames their game and development team. They silence those that post their concerns. This wouldn't be too severe if it wasn't for the fact they don't simply silence those that make stupid retorts like ""this game sucks"" or ""fix the game"" ... they silence those that actually give suggestions, tell them where they're doing things wrong, and take their frustrations out on the players themselves as if they are the reason they are failing.Having played over 40 Alpha games, purchasing my way into many of them to help the developers where i believed they could make a beautiful game, and earning my way into a few as well like Crossout and World of Warships (albeit those will be coming out as F2P's later on. WoWS being in open Beta/""launch stages"" in retrospect) I can not stress this enough about testers' relationship with their respective development team..Developers who refuse to accept they need to work on something specific, or blame the community for their incompetance,WILL NOT MAKE IT PAST THEIR FIRST YEAR OF FULL RELEASE WITH POSITIVE MARKSnor make headway in marketing and eventually collapse within a 2 year timeframe.You can not blame the customers for a developer issue. You can not blame slow development on a small player base due to your lack of new content to test and lack of communication with your players/ability to advertise effectively to the right playerbase.And you sure as hell can not blame your players for being mad at admins that refuse to man up and accept they're out of line with their constant slandering of the playerbase when the playerbase PURCHASED a game that refuses to show progress going towards their release date.A perfect example of this is Ant's review.found hereUntil this game can show some true expansion into becoming an even greater game, and hold to their promises... this game will not be able to be taken seriously. Especially if they must rely upon the bribery of the players' vote to make progress when it should be their own diligence and desire to see a gem of a program shine beyond that which are considered their competitor development teams...You've been ""released"" here on steam less than 11 months, and are still bare-bones. I don't expect a lot from a young game like this. But the things i, as a paying tester and requested support ""pillar"" in the progression of this game's future, do expect (as do many other players here)... are 4 things in particular.1) a strong, focused development team looking forward with a clear vision for the game in development.2) An administration/moderation team that is here to help the playerbase no matter the issue, and to help quell concerns in aprofessionalway.3) consistent,DETAILEDpatch notes to help us see exactly how the game is progressing or where problems may come about.4) New content.. either supported by the playerbase or made with the intent of progressing the game's development and expand upon the game's replay-capability and stretching out to new players...Right now NONE of that is being shown nor thought about. Matter of fact the opposite is being shown. And until these 4 core problems are looked at and rectified, there will never be much more than a ""small niche"" of players that have stayed loyal since the beginning. (at the moment that ""niche"" is about 1300 players across multiple servers.) And of course, the population of players that refuse to watch the game to be treated so disrespectfully while game admins are spitting at the community...I'm sorry. But you're sinking faster than the RMS Lusitania at this rate... and it's being done by your own hands."
76561198007555058,Not Recommended,311310,23135879,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Reefer982,"Originally, I gave this game a huge thumbs up and highly recommended it to all who would listen. What was an amazing game with a lot of potential is turning into a lame duck.Combat is taking a serious turn for the worse as they are trying to move toward a more 'historic' approach to naval battle which seriously reduces the amount of damage done to enemies. No longer can you do damage at 200 meters or further from ships. Group pvp is now more of solo-within-group pvp as you can only have so many people within 200 yards of enemy ships with an angle to penetrate. Battles which were once exciting and skill-based are turning into hours-long snoozefests where you literally have to be almost on top of another ship to damage them.While they may tweak this to (I'm sure they will?) reflect the desire of the player base as a whole, it is indicative of the attitude of the developers. It is obvious that they are making the game that they want to make, regardless of the appeal to the larger gaming community in general or in regard to the opinion of those who they allowed to PAY to test and give feedback.Boarding combat is extremely uninteresting and detracts from the game. It is basically a PC version of rock/paper/scissors. All the suspense of childrens game with the graphics to match. The ship cannon combat graphics are awesome, but the boarding graphics don't even have crew representations, it is literally a text screen/overlay that pops up and reports the results of the 'hidden' boarding battle.  Some ships have a numerical crew (listed in your HUD) of up to 1200+, but when you board it shows an empty deck while the battle 'rages' in text.Since the steam release the in-port UI screen has literally been a blue screen with absolutely no graphics. It is about as close to a MUDD based game as you can get and has been that way for the last 3 1/2 months. Instead of taking the time to remedy such an obvious blemish to the game that they are charging $40 for, they are more interested in breaking things that are already working well, such as the combat system.Finally, the game is a serious time sink that doesn't allow you to just log on for 30 or 45 minutes and accomplish something. You literally need to commit to 2 or 3 hours to really have an opportunity to enjoy yourself. Out of those 2 or 3 hours half of that time will be you sailing around waiting for the fun to happen. Speaking of mind-numbing, the time it takes to sail in between ports is fantastically slow. I have watched butter melt that was more interesting. For someone with ADD/ADHD, this game could possibly be used as a torture device. Handcuff them to a computer desk and make them 'explore' in a 'historical' sense.The developers are choosing to ignore testers (who paid to help test their game) for voicing opinions in an attempt (most of the time) to help shape this game. Well, I was a believer and advocate for this game, not so anymore. They seem to only want to listen to those individuals who give them the answers they are looking for, essentially the 'yes men.'"
76561198276055475,Recommended,311310,28198000,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,trains,"It has its ups and downs, but overall it's a lot of fun. The graphics while not stellar are quite decent and the ship handling simulation is quite good. The game is still in EA mode so the devs sometimes make drastic changes, then end up backing much of them out if it doesn't work as well as they hoped.If you're looking for continuous frenetic action though, you should probably go else whereAt 3.9 cents per hour of my time in the game I think it's been a really good value for me."
76561197978071189,Recommended,311310,31099371,Posted: 12 April,all,DancingDuck,"This is the BEST Age of Sail game you will ever play!Yes there are issues, yes this is EA and the game changes every 2 months, yes it can be bitter to loose everything you worked for.But please ignore all the salty tears of people who don't understand the concept of early access.The devs are constantly working on their product. And I have to say this is one of the few EAs where they actually really listen to us testers and are in constant dialogue with us.I'm enjoying this game and I really hope that the Devs will have an overwhelmingly successful launch!Btw, the content in form of new ships is just amazing. Every model is just beautiful and fun to sail!Keep up the good work guys!"
76561198003728031,Recommended,311310,20802593,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Mandrag:},A beautifully crafted open sea MMO. Even in these early stages the care from the developers and the community is plain. This MMO does not handhold nor should it. I look forward to enjoying this stunning open world enviroment and tense naval action for many years.
76561198014779935,Recommended,311310,21064052,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Glenn The Troll,"best Early Access game i have played for a long time.just be sure to have ppl to play with, or it will be a game you play for 1 Hour..."
,Recommended,311310,21589288,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,IKILLJOY777,Amazing purchase Devs are here to help and make it better cant wait to see the end result worth it 100% its nice to see a MMO with a twist
,Recommended,311310,21637624,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Tommy Turbo,"just wow. the quality, the vastness of this game is great, and the ship to ship battles are amazing and fun!"
76561198042483018,Recommended,311310,24977007,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,vbr2x89a,This is one of my favortites.  I have been playing this casually since it hit early access on Steam.  You need to buy this if you are into age of sail games.
76561198027619018,Recommended,311310,20693283,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dick Chappy,The Elite Dangerous of 17th century naval warfare
,Recommended,311310,20708122,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Lightningchicken,Finally
,Recommended,311310,20730352,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,MinDBlanKSCO,"The combat is great, physics are great and it looks good to boot.I have high hopes for the future when the ui is fleshed out and there is more polish to the whole experience. It doesn't detract from the game in anyway because combat is so much fun.It requires skill to a degree to aim and shoot at distant targets, cannons (depending on type) help with range and or damage. Tip, when buying them you only require to buy once to fill your ship with the new ones, don't save for ages thinking you have to buy each cannon seperately as I did!The map is huge and sailing takes a lot of time on the first ventures out without outposts to teleport to eventually. There is no ""you are here"" on the map, you have to use landmarks islands and the compass to travel.Clans, trading, crafting, fleet battles large and small, port sieges and leveling will keep this game re-playable. Missions are a bit repetitive but if the devs could work out group pve missions with ""bosses"" and/or stages the pve side could be interesting indeed.Review changed to positive since the devs opened up a new server so that 40-60min wait times aren't the norm as they were at peak times on the only EU server at release. Thanks for that :)If you are a fan of skill games, then this won't disapoint, it isn't a lock on and shoot type, it's an aim and shoot. With a full sideboard splatter or single cannon after single cannon. Love it. simply simple but effective!I don't think you will be dissapointed!"
76561197994830695,Recommended,311310,20769720,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Admiral Doughnuts,"Pros:Awesome ship combat, clearly the focus of the game.Has big map with lots of cities, including not so common Carribean powers such as Denmark/Norway, Sweden, and the US.Has missions, a trading system, and crafting.I named my character Sir Francis DankCons:Cities don't have any textures yet so when you first load into the game you're just staring at some menus wondering if the game installed properlyThe map is somewhat confusing, and needs work (but I mean it's early access)I had to pay $40 (but I mean, how could I not?  Look at this game)Isn't perfect yet.Overall rating ignoring early access: 7/10Overall rating acknowledging early access: 12/10 would spend another $40."
,Recommended,311310,20799379,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Ray,Got this game 4 days ago and I have 47 hours in it. Need I really say more?
76561197989071232,Recommended,311310,21328415,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,.Hesko.,"I have played many games to a very high skill cap and this game in my opinion is amazing.  Its very in debth age of sail game that got the little things right.  You can be what you want trader, builder, exploreer, and open sea hunter as well.  I played Pirates of the Burning Sea back around 2009 and loved that game, much of the princples of that game are being implemented here.  The open world pvp is epic and the portbattle system as well.  Its not a instant gratification game like most people of my generation like, some battles can take over a hour, you have to earn your damage and kill.  If your at all into a open world pvp enviroment with high stakes and high skill pvp this is the game for you.  And its only in ALPHA AND ITS THIS GOOD.  Can't wait to see what it becomes.Happy sailing.www.twitch.tv/heskox1if you want to see some game play"
,Recommended,311310,20704592,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ThorKOG,Joins game a normal man.Sails the open seas.Battles some ships.Epic graphics everywhere.Epic everywhere.Does not emerge from game.
76561198126552791,Recommended,311310,20713211,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Dr.Cable,If you like the age of sail? you'll for sure enjoy this game even though the UI is still quite bad right now im sure they're going to fix it.
,Recommended,311310,20767083,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Orkeosaurus,"This game does exactly what it means to; and that is, fulfills the desire of everyone with an interest in the age of sail to captain their own ship and venture the high seas of the Caribbean and Atlantic coast. Despite being early access, it's relatively content complete insofar as the open world is available. People have called the game ""EVE:Online at sea"", take of that what you will.Combat is instanced and content complete. If you've ever played the naval battles in Empire: Total War it's pretty similar to that. Although there's an auto Skipper, it pays to learn how to manage your sails as the wind is fully simulated. This game probably has the most realistically simulated water I've seen in a game too, as waves can rock a ship and knock your cannons' line of fire. You can switch your cannonballs out for chain shot to demast your enemy's sails and follow that up with grapeshot to knock out their crew enough for a successful boarding. You can even ram them if you're feeling particularly cavalier, I once got lucky and capsized someone's ship but I doubt that happens as much with the bigger hulls.I look foward to seeing what else the developers have in store for this game, so far they've promised a better economy and enhanced inter-factional diplomacy. For now I'd have to say it's one of the few impulse buys I actually didn't end up regretting."
76561198101114447,Recommended,311310,20863672,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,GodFish,Walk the plank wanchs
,Recommended,311310,20760905,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Aaron Static,"Pricey, but a beautifully recreated caribbean and fun battle mechanics make it already worth it imho."
76561198007788688,Recommended,311310,21379906,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Khendon Kalmire,"excellent naval combat game. vivid graphics, wonderful weather effects. complex and challenging pvp and pve. its kind of eve come again."
,Recommended,311310,21567474,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Nathan the Mad,"Very good game, very steady paced and fun at the same time. lost to keep you busy and the devs are on th eball with this game. very stunning game to look at and runs smooth. very little to none hacking and the devs watch the server logs like a hawk.5* from me"
76561198009594445,Recommended,311310,21568367,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Sgt.Chartier,"This game, even though it is in early acces at the moment of this review, has everything you could want in a game.Pros:+ Nice graphics+Tons of action+Tactics and strategy+A complex yet simple to understand crafting system+An awesome community+The lower tiers ships can have as big an impact in battle as the higher tiers depending on the situationCons:- No in-game music, you'll have to make your own music set-list. Sea chanties ahoy!- No tutorial. People will definately help you in the Help chat though.- Faction misbalance. With the current mechanics, the faction with the most players is too much at an advantage."
76561197970822349,Recommended,311310,20665818,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,SRR-Uzii,"If you like Age of Sail games (Sea Dogs, Age of Pirates, Pirates of the Caribbean) this is the definitive multiplayer game for you. Needs tweaks here and there (the UI needs some work, but they are working on it), but this is a stable, fun and intense game. Very deep combat system, beautiful visuals, very few bugs from what I've seen, and a extremely helpful community. I can't recommend this game enough.10/10"
76561198007538045,Recommended,311310,20676897,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Black Kraken,"The community is a very welcomeing and helpful place, even though the game has no tutorial, not all of it is foriegn. The only thing that is taking me time to get used to is the gunnery and boarding mechanics, other than that its a quick learn and people are willing to join each other and form fleets to assist in missions or capturing ships.  There is a PvE server (which i am currently on) that is a good way to get your sea legs with the game before going onto PvP if desired. ALL who are even slightly interested in this game should aquire it and join."
76561197960732379,Recommended,311310,20685143,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,mgaNick-,"If you are impatient and cant figure♥♥♥♥♥♥out on your own or you need a pretty UI (because that makes a game so much better right?) : DONT BUY IT! For everyone else who enjoys naval combat, trading and Sandbox in general i only can recommend this game. Take your time read everything and you can figure outmost things with some common sense. Furthermore the chats really Help yout out. I cant understand why some ppl say they dont (maybe they went on a low pop server)."
76561198007481343,Recommended,311310,20710487,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,BIG HAUS,"10 hours in, fun game will like to see what lies for me next!"
,Recommended,311310,20721877,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,👉 👌 Peanutcat 👉 👌,Just listen to this playlisthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPIcwFKrTus&list=PLA625C2C796988552and play the game. Amazing
76561198035813106,Recommended,311310,20799283,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Dunn,"Game can be buggy, but there are good Devs working on the issues. Can't wait to see where this game ends up."
,Recommended,311310,20987794,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Tripwired,"Awesome game ecspeically to be in alpha, they are really onto something good here, just wish the action was a touch faster. Have to come back later and see what great stuff they have accomplished."
76561198028513363,Recommended,311310,21325906,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Mr X,This game got the flu!!
76561198038527455,Recommended,311310,21391523,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,DeliverM3,"First off, I am somewhat biased because I EFFING LOVE SHIPS. If I could go back in time and join the Royal Navy I would. I know the life was rough but the ships are so freaking awesome.Anyway, this game is like a wet dream for me (no pun intended). I think there is still a lot of room for improvement but so far this game has really satisfied the need for a game centered around these type of old world naval combat.The grind is REAL. XP does not come quickly or in large batches but you quickly become lost in the immersive details of the game. You literally have to run your ship and pay attention to everything that is going on. This game is almost like the DARK SOULS of boat games. It takes time, a lot of work and patience, but when you see those 3rd rates riding around decimating people left and right you know it is all worth it.My notes to the devs:-  More XP per PVE battle would be nice. it is 1000xp to the first rank after you start and ~50xp per battle is brutally slow especially when the battles can go on for over an hour (especially when the AI jerkoff bot keeps riding into the wind)- Add collisions while roaming the open world. Force people to pay attention at all time. this would of course you to stop loading ships on top of each other as well.- If you are in Sailing mode during battle I don't see why your ship wouldn't maintain the same speeds it does in the open world. Everything should be consistent. I would understand a penalty while being in another mode during battle.- Please add the spyscope/telescope view to open world!- When zoomed all the way in on the starting cutter the mast is directly in the middle of the view- Better tutorial in the beginning. I had no idea how to earn XP or what to do other than drive the ship. Took a lot of outside research to figure out main objectives. I don't mind a challenge and figuring stuff out but i spent the better part of my first couple hours just riding around in the open sea aimlessly not knowing what to do.- YOU ARE DOING A GOOD JOB KEEP IT UP YOU ARE MAKING MY CHILDHOOD FANTASIES COME TRUE"
76561197972428560,Recommended,311310,21402486,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Zygri,"This....is a great idea. The work in progress feel is minor and the gameplay, visuals and level of detail are stunning. I have actually found a game I look forward to playing...."
76561198075034791,Recommended,311310,21419698,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Rasputin,"First off, Ghroznak's review (see below) described this game's current atmosphere pretty darn well.  Second, and without a a doubt, this game is the best ""Age of Sails""/naval warfare game I've yet to play and I've been computer gaming for over thirty five years.  Third, and the best part of it all, this game is only in ""alpha stage"" at this point.  This means this game will only become better as its developer continues to introduce new content and flesh out their current coding.As to what I'd ""like to see"" (in regards to issues/improvement)... well... some of the reviewers (below) already mentioned what was on my mind.  I'd love to see the ""Port"" UI improved both graphically and functionally.  As it stands, it is relatively rudimentary but works just fine.  Furthermore, it would be nice if the ""world map"" had latitude/longitude lines in place.  For if we are to sail without sextant nor maritime map, we should be able to figure out our map/ocean location somehow... other than simple ""gamer memory"".All in all, I look forward to hours upon endless hours in this game.  I thoroughly enjoy it as it stands."
76561198056538685,Recommended,311310,21565848,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,GamesCooky,"First, this is an early access game, and the game is early access as i am writing this so the game will most likely change.From my experience, this game has a great potential. It really focuses on realistic naval combat.This game really reminds me of Uncharted Waters Online.The game has a very unique mmorpg consept that is hard to come by. It's definately not a finished game though. It needs work still. But as of now, it's looking good ;)"
76561197968285933,Recommended,311310,21647284,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,AW O'Reilly,"No hand holding here.  Too many games of late spoon feed the less than comitted players in an attempt to woo them . No fear of that here.  If you are up for a challenge and don't mind searching for answers - dive right in.The community is relatively helpful - all things considered.  Don't expect them to roll over on their secrets on their play book, but they will answer questions about the mechanics."
76561197963570339,Recommended,311310,21861735,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Voltornus,If youre super into naval combat of this era with very little in the way of tutorials and a very simulator feel(no dot on the minimap no explanation of anything) then I would definitely recommend this game to you.For those looking for a quick game similar to something like warthunder or the world of series I would not recommend this game for the above reasons.
76561198001867531,Recommended,311310,21862345,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Rusty Pelican,Pretty damn good for an alpha
,Recommended,311310,22621668,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,bambo masafaka,and sometimes i just crtl + h up that ♥♥♥♥♥ and stare at the sunrise
,Recommended,311310,21005337,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,(っ ◔◡◔) っ ♥ ßЦĿĿЄ￥$ĿÂǤЄИ,"I like the mechanics of this game and love battles, but its simple the worst grind ever. seririosly grinding for 1000xp and getting about 50xp every hour is stupid."
76561198007149323,Recommended,311310,21382886,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,vegetius,"Can't say enough good about the game.  Can go on for pages with positive aspects.  It's not for the faint of heart, nor can you expect to ""get it"" or become an expert within a few or several hours.  It takes time and practice and persistence, but it is well worth it.  The battles are intense and wind direction is quite real....>_<  As this says this is an ""Alpha"" stage deployment, things will change as far as development structure, but the core of the game is here to stay."
76561198000275723,Recommended,311310,21389726,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,glenw030,This game is great.   The graphics are great.   The ship models are great.   The battles are great.   I know i say great alot but it really is great.  Because of the price for early access i almost passed it up but i am so glad i didn't.   I cant stop playing.   The Dev. are on top of things.   Do yourself a favor and get this one.
76561198030680066,Recommended,311310,21642670,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Impenitent,"Excellent game! beautiful models and combat mechanics are great. Very playable at its current stage. Helpful Dev team. I highly recommend if you are into sailing, naval combat, crafting or age of sail ships"
76561198184764970,Recommended,311310,24974608,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Vernon Merrill,"I'd been following this game for the better part of a year before I purchased it.  With the addition of a realisti open orld based on the map of the Caribbean, I was sold.  I have just over 1000 hours into this game and I couldnt be happier.  Sure, its in Alpha and there a few tweaks/bugs here and there, but the Devs seems to actually play and listen to player input.  So for that, I would highly reccomend this game!"
76561197989194257,Recommended,311310,24976904,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Bowling Ball Bag Bob,"The only Early Access game I would ever endorse.  Great, helpful, (mostly) mature community.  Regular updates, game enhancements and eye candy.  Much fun!  Explore, fight, craft!"
,Recommended,311310,24982436,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Rossmar VAC FOR THE LULZ,Santisima Trinidad is here.
76561197972828622,Recommended,311310,24982680,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Peiper,Amazing game that captures essence of the era of the age of sail.
,Recommended,311310,20666848,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,tizzy,"Very good game, my stem is slighty below speck and im getting 60-70 fps on high, love the combat and the graphics are pretty as hell!(2017) Started playing after the wipe, Still very happy with the game over all it still needs a tutorial and the port UI needs to be improved as its but ugly and they have removed the ability to capture AI ships, however you can still capture player owned ships. But overall the game is coming on very nice, defo a good time to buy since its just been wiped!"
76561198060117403,Recommended,311310,20669391,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Caledor,"I waited for this game to come to steam for a long time. Now it's here and it's briliant, it's beautifull, gameplay is fun and realistic, but it's only alfa and I can't imagine what will come next."
76561198080239543,Recommended,311310,20685318,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Phat Matt,"Obviously an alpha version for a very original MMO. This game is a few big updates away from being flawless. If you dont mind all the testing, now is a good time to jump in so you have the advantage later."
,Not Recommended,311310,20687710,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,STU,I'm too addiced to this game to write a review for it...will update when I can be bothered coming back to port...=== UPDATE ===Fuuuuuuck what has happened to this. Devs are horrible.Can I get my money back?!
76561198004535877,Recommended,311310,20688467,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Lord_Tellyin,"Really enjoying this game.  I have put quite a bit of time into EvE and its easy to see the similarities as others have pointed out.  It's fun to literally just sail around and harness the power of the wind.  The combat is also extremely fun - I enjoy the realistic approach to not only this part, but everything else for that matter.  The graphics, sound and feel of the game set the stage for a great atmosphere and experience.  It's easy to get lost at sea here.  Don't be a landlubber, give it a shot - or a cannon..."
76561197983301351,Recommended,311310,20699449,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Skoll,"It's like Sid Meier's Pirates, except you get to be a real pirate if you choose and♥♥♥♥♥♥all the other factions off with your antics."
,Recommended,311310,20702641,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Jaaared,"Bought this game hesitantly because of the price tag and it being EA and all.Turned out I loved it, not a fast paced game so do not excpect to enter in and just start killing things... this is the closest to real maritime combat I have found as of late and im satisfied with my purchase. Ty devs."
76561198040425972,Recommended,311310,20726541,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Mason.wp,"Original review up top, edited area down below with reccomendation!At the moment, I have to say I can't reccomend this game; the UI is simply atrocious and to even understand requires a lot of forum-digging and help-chat. Not that Help-chat is any help, it's nothing like EVE's where the players will actually communicate, I've seen people's questions go unanswered for an hour. The trading? It's really not very profitable at all to be honest, in fact the only way to do it is to find the best set route, and just grind it over, and over. And really that's what this game comes down to; grinding. You'll find yourself grinding missions, or trade. That's really it to be honest.Combat, is the most infuriating thing I've ever encountered in any game I've ever played; maybe you want  to out-sail the enemy AI ship so you fire a bunch of chain into it till it's down to 60% sail, but oh! It doesn't make a goddamn difference. So let's try a different tactic let's get in close and broadside them with grape, slaughter the crew; oh wow, it made little to no impact on the enemy ai's performance- again. Okay; last attempt, let's just blast them apart upclose with carronades- what the f***? I took more damage than they did? -_-Right now; this game is just a grind-fest with one of the most annoying combat systems I've found as of yet: YES I know it's Early Access! So do some goddamn balancing and stop making the AI randomly better than us in performance; yes I know players can be intelligent, but when we can be out-turned, out-sailed and out-gunned in terms of pure damage; that's a little ♥♥♥♥ing mean considering your game requires grinding these 1v1 ""Admiralty Orders""----------------------------EDIT----------------------------After having played the game a little bit more, I've actually changed my mind, having found a lot of what I was doing was wrong, that somtimes I was firing on a dropping swell, meaning everything hit lower and thus splashed harmlessly into the water. The help channel is still very unhelpful, but often as not your own countries channel will answer the questions quickly, I've found SKurj to be fantastic on the British channel.The grinding, yes it's real, but I found once I had a basic cutter, with 12pd Carronades and had learnt a -LOT- more about the games mechanics I was able to easily beat off my opponents, thus making this grind a hell of a lot less intimidating. And honestly, once I got up two ranks and got a new ship with bow chasers (Pew-pew!) I forgot about the xp, and just started hunting down traders and their fleets! >:DAs for the chain shot, I've found it does actually work, but not as drastically as I think I thought it would; it's more a slow decrease in overall speed which eventually allows you to catch up. And the grape, has to be used when they hit a swell and heel over towards you.It's suprising actually, how quickly this game turns from sheer frustration at the lack of progress, to forgetting you even need to progress. Yes, trading still sucks, atleast for me since I'm useless at it; but I've heard people making over 200k in one run using their secret little trader routes. >:OMy reccomendation has gone from No! to Yes!But I suggest this, once you get in; ask a lot of questions, try not to get as angry as I did with the game and keep trying out different combinations. Get use to aiming and learn when to shoot. Use auto-skipper till you feel confident enough in your shooting to multi-task.After the 100 or so hours of my playing, I have come to realise one thing though. That when this says Early Access it truly does mean it, sure the visuals are amazing, and the naval combat is intense and fun! But it really does lack content, it has this massive, huge open world with it's incredible scale; but at the same time, is feels incredibly empty. This will change though, hopefully.. Let's keep our fingers crossed eh?Glitterbeard out!"
,Recommended,311310,20739801,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,delta062,"Pretty Good, obviously still alpha, but thats to be expected."
76561198143438915,Recommended,311310,20754440,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,[75th]Rct_SaMvIkSlaYeR,Awesome game lots of ships and lots of freedom. + hours of playtime
76561198126730500,Recommended,311310,20758463,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Unimaginative Profile Name,"Alot of potential. very fun game in its current state. Its on the expensive side but I think it is worth it,  It will run on medium graphics setting with a intel i3 in a newer HP just fine.9/10 because it is expensive"
,Recommended,311310,20771075,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Hayabusae,"Coming from someone who played a great deal of PotBS, and any game that was about the age of sail, this game hits well above expectations. I have all settings set to the highest level. And they are stunning. The game has an immense amount of potential and the current price tag is completely reasonably. Whether you are soloing or grouping, whether you prefer pvp or pve, this game will keep ship lovers enthralled for a long time. Especially promised content of crew control and better trade\production possibilities, combined with more ships. I personally play on PVE, but I play with friends occasionally on pvp and the fact u keep experience across servers is an awesome feature.I'd personally rate this game at 8.5/10 only thing I would love is to create a captain and have him standing at the helm during battles, but perhaps they could do something like that in the future!I highly recommend you to buy this game!"
,Recommended,311310,21618722,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Tindahbawx,"Very impressed with this game so far, in early access. The combat similation is absolutely top notch for an Age of Sail game, and certainly many players who have been looking for a similar title to Pirates of the Burning Sea will find a new home here.As I write this the game is pretty barebones apart from the combat areas, but entirely functional, and stunningly beautiful. Combat is simply sublime. The developers are active on their forums and take their heading from the community as to what the focus of the upcoming patches should be. New ships to be included are submitted and voted on by the community and are then pushed through to development.I really, honestly, don't have any major complaints to make about the game in its present state, I think the only thing major that needs to be addressed is the inclusion of some form of tutorial, as you do see in the in-game help channel a lot of new players a little confused about the same topics over and over again. Thankfully however the community is both welcoming and helpful, and seem entirely happy to patiently help you as you take your first steps (and mis-steps!) in the in-game world. The Basic Cutter starter ship is free anyway, and losses are to be expected as you learn the ropes! Its a fun process anyway, and rewarding when you get to grips with it.I find the the game has a certain feeling of satisfaction to it when you win a fight that you should otherwise, by rights have lost, only to prevail due to your skill at handling your ship. In that regard, it is definately a rewarding game.Literally cannot tear myself away from it right now, its very good."
,Recommended,311310,21620517,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dale,You can read my review at:https://rggdale.wordpress.com/2016/03/04/that-game-series-naval-action-early-access/Overall good gameplay but some things need to be answered really.
,Recommended,311310,21655268,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Turnloy,"Amazing game, I have little time on this game but the Battles and just Everything about this game meets my needs for an amazing ship game. I would Recomend this game if you are a Fan of open World and Real life Battle tatics. The map is huge and it's like Eve Online with the Whole fly through space and Get to another star system but your in a Ship and you can't warp you need to sail. I like it. Took me 3 hours to get from Port royal to George Town to start a war but well worth it!"
,Recommended,311310,21861069,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,w00deye,The hours I've invested says it all. Favourite game.
76561198006599865,Recommended,311310,25022954,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Easedale,"This game is informative, relaxing, beautiful and sometimes a bit nerve-wracking.Mature players, good natured community and on-going developments make it a pleasure to be part of.The UI is plain and there's little tutorial in the pre-release, but the in-game chat/forums/wikki provide all that's needed to progress. Team Speak essential for best participation in battles."
76561198023507159,Recommended,311310,20717817,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,the.grognard,Early access is a blast and indicate how great this game could and should be when fully fleshed out.
76561198014704098,Recommended,311310,21011671,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,WingalingDragon,Great concept with lots of potential.Biggest complaint is the teleportation feature.
76561198048118467,Recommended,311310,21514487,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Senor Sloth,"Wicked fun game, not a lot of hours into it yet but I already know there will be many more put into it!!"
76561198078050316,Recommended,311310,24977161,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DanoTRON,the best sailing game i have ever played
76561198025721063,Recommended,311310,24981854,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,maximus.and999,bugs are fixed relatively quick for a small dev team it is only an alpha but plays like a beta minus the awful looking UI (its alpha test UI) many planned aditions and committment to realistic gameplay only carribean right now but rest of the world will come in time however even the map as is is hugeEU servers have low ping on americas east coast (100-130ms in ontario) pve server 100-180 pop pvp EU I seen once had 600pop your level and crafting level are linked to steam account so its the same for all servers and/or starting a new chargreat game constantly getting better
76561198006872003,Recommended,311310,20697323,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Yozu,Great Game ! Really....
76561197983161606,Recommended,311310,20720047,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,[WKN] Ridik,"I was weary about this game at first, but as you progress and learn the depth of the game it does not let you down!This trading system is unreal and thorough and the combat is simply amazing. GET THIS GAME!"
76561198086777986,Recommended,311310,21029766,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Nibbles,9/10 best Captain Phillips simulator 1863
76561197986984038,Recommended,311310,21694443,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Azzak,"Naval Action Early Access Review, Grade : Captain, written at around 350 hours of game-time.Pros- An unique open sea battle simulation. The (few) naval battles games that exist can't get close to the gameplay, realism and beauty of this game.- Combat is really well done. Every tactical option is here : 3 different ammunitions, crew management, advanced sails management with wind direction, different kind of canons, different kind of ships and possible strategies...- Very enjoyable with a group of friends, large or small. As it is a PVP designed game, you'll enjoy the thrill of naval action together. If you don't have a group though.... you'll get ganked !- A very large map. It easily takes half a day of sailing to get through one point to another !- Devs are very engaged on this game, and close to the community. They often reply on the official forums. Tired of AAA game devs ? Here they're really awesome.- Port battles are going to be awesome once they'll release... forts. But from the previews it'll be epic !- No subscription, no cash shop ! It's basically a MMO like the first guild wars, Buy to Play. Price is OK for the content.Negatives- Open sea mechanics are still new, and not very well designed. Trouble to find enemies that don't run, trouble to find missions... ports are conquered way too easily etc... That will change but the actual state of the open world is bad.- Grind is real. I didn't grind much, as I like to experience quite a lot of different things in the game, and after 350 hours I'd have thought to have end-game ships. Not really ! I am yet to unlock constitution and 3rd rates. So brace yourselve if you're a casual player that don't like grinding, you might never experience the end game anytime soon.- The game is a sandbox, and is definitely unbalanced on small servers. Choose your faction wisely if you don't like to fight with unfair (impossible) odds.- Crafting system is terrible as it is purely based on RNG, but hopefully it will change next patch.- UI is awful, as it is a placeorder. This will change before release.- Customisation is missing : no character or portrait, no ship cosmetic customisation. But that will likely change before release.- You keep combat XP forever, but devs will maybe/probably reset everything else before release. You've been warned. Nothing is final yet.Overall : 7/10 if you have a group of friends or meet nice players in game. If you are also a fan about ships of the golden age of sail it gets to  9/10, THIS GAME IS FOR YOU. If you're a casual solo player : 4/10. Unless you want to play in group on a regular basis, this game has not much to offer to you.Final verdict : RecommendedThe game is unique in its genre and should definitely be in your library if you like simulation of early 19th century sea battles. I repeat, this is not an arcade games and it is realistic to a certain extent, while not being a full simulation. The pace is slow, but needs skills.  If you like or don't mind simulation-paced games, then consider the followings :The open sea mechanics are bad, but the excellent combat mechanics more than make up for it. Open world is still recent though, and the game will only get better until release. Devs seem to be very engaged at keeping work on this game, and don't really care about money.Also, this is a PVP game before everything, and to enjoy it you need to group and grind at least a little. If you don't mind both of these requirements, then it is definitely a good game. It is still far from being perfect, but worth it even right now. Then, if you're a fan about naval battles don't hesitate. You'll probably love the game.If the devs fix the open world mechanics and keep putting more content, I'd recommend it even for casual players."
,Recommended,311310,24977662,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Gasman74,"If you love open world games, love the time era this game is set in, and are genuinly interested in old ship combat, or simply trying to find a new game that that's both immersive, fun, and something you can easily play with friends. This is definetly a game worth getting. 10/10"
76561198007271554,Recommended,311310,25027898,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,deanidol,"this game is a very exciting prospect although far from finished, the developers have done a good job so far and there is alot of attention to details on the map, ships etc. Battles are awesome, it offers something for both lone players on PVe &PvP and for multiplayer. All that is needed is more content and depth, the trading system could be managed better than it currently is, especially on PVP where all the markets are saturated with goods and opportunities to make money are few and far between, its a harsh environment but challenging at the same time, which appeals to some.Overall 8.5/10 atm....."
,Not Recommended,311310,24064896,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,(JET FUEL) FuhrerPapaFreedom,.
,Recommended,311310,20804474,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Yup,This game takes a lot of time but well worth it.. Patients is needed.
76561197971656503,Recommended,311310,20700615,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Ice9172,"For Early Acess not bad, Ui is still a work in progress but the graphics are beautiful"
76561197989552056,Recommended,311310,20700277,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,xBuzz,Awesome game.
76561198297009860,Recommended,311310,22440997,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,jonathan07102000,For a quick reveiw this is a very good game I recommend it alot. Its very relaxing. 5 plus stars.Now for a detailed reveiw.Graphics 10/10Menu 6/10Ship battles 9/10Ships 10/10Also this game has and really awsome wind sailing were it brings challange as a sailer.This game brings a large selection of teams and is very great.Thanks for this awsome game it is well worth the 40 bucks.
,Recommended,311310,24577801,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Apollo,I highly recommend this game!! If your a naval history guy or even just a naval guy this is the game for you! The graphics are outstanding the ship on ship battles are also OUSTANDING and the ships are OUTSTANDINGGGGGG. Execept when you get ganked by pirates and lose your ship.10/10 Would get ganked 1000 times to keep playing this
76561198007742947,Recommended,311310,24663980,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Jesters-Ink,"One of the best games in a long time and yet is still in Alpha development.It was good when I joined around April, but is getting better by the month.At each stage, the developers are making improvements across the board.The UI needs some work, but that is pencilled in for the later stages.The way things are going, I'll be playing this game for a very long time."
76561198320767180,Recommended,311310,24762973,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,racingsail1,"This has the potential to be an incredibly awesome game with elements of strategy tacics,crafting, economics and player driven politics all rolled into one seamless product. While i am leery of early release games, Naval Action's early release Alpha is remarkable and generally bug free. The game is not for redbull drinking FPS clicker  heroes but rather for peopel who take the time to become sillful within a game system. The investment of time is very rewarding IMO.PVP and PVE are represented in this game and neither is to be taken lightly.( How well can YOU tread water?). There are communities developing for both. If You are a mature, patient gamer who loves a beautiful game, this may well be one for the years for you."
76561198007368479,Recommended,311310,24973246,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,186groundhog,400 hours in and still enjoying it.Great sandbox.Make your own adventures.Regular patches help to evolve the game.
76561197981404993,Recommended,311310,24978226,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,todesschatten,did black flag's ship combat wanting more?do you like the great age of sail?get this game... hunt pirates... be a pirate... run trade goods up and down the Mainthis is a good game that gets better with each update
76561198027700910,Recommended,311310,24979950,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Gordin,"If you are somewhat into Naval Combat, pick this game up. Also, if you are not so far, you might still like it (as it was the case for me).A lot of early access reviews that are positive say something like ""the game has potential"". That's not the argument in the case of Naval Action. Yes, it has potential, but it also already lives up to it. Nice graphics, the core gameplay mechanics are already fleshed out (general ship movement, combat...).It's already in a well playable state, it just gets filled with more content on regular basis.The game also has a growing economy part (trading & crafting), so if you don't want to be fighting all the time, there is still something to do for you."
,Recommended,311310,25006094,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Trebbien,This game has is great af and will recommend this game and join a clan if you want to have more fun :)
76561198308402151,Recommended,311310,25103886,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,scottspann,Love it!
76561197993127675,Recommended,311310,25116595,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ISYLITH,Awesome game playing since January and still finding something new inetersting updates with each patch :)
76561198007417448,Recommended,311310,25199747,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Rampage[KWSN],Excellent game
,Recommended,311310,25208596,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Comrade Axel,"Great game, its come a long way since i first bought it and its shaping up to be an extarordinary game."
76561198007628666,Recommended,311310,25280972,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,alan,"wow, what a superb game, just started and am loving it"
76561198007201996,Recommended,311310,25301739,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,kiki_jiki,a work in progress but still fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,311310,24541947,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,yugoslav,"The game works now, I had to reinstall the game and turn my antivirus off. Game is fun, however gets a little boring during sailing. But it doesnt matter because I usually just watch something while playing. Disclaimer: this game is very hard and you should only buy it if you enjoy old time naval combat, this game is for you."
76561198288428583,Recommended,311310,25319180,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Llamados,"Brilliant, battles are fun, gets better the deeper you get into this."
76561198026781917,Recommended,311310,24977774,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Baddy,Love love love this game!
76561197978865848,Recommended,311310,24979503,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Unrealsunday,Most probably the best sailing game of historical war ships! Interface need to be improved but realism is simply the best i have ever played!! Great naval MMO!!!!
76561198315578621,Recommended,311310,25180181,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,bgdeamer,one of the best games that i have played
76561198043153180,Recommended,311310,25206762,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,matejm26,it is a nice game
76561198017774980,Recommended,311310,24980108,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,jake.picken,"I love it, cant get enough. looks great and plays very well."
,Recommended,311310,22507849,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Kongou,"I don't like, I swear I didn't like it, I think I didn't like it so why do I keep playing it"
,Not Recommended,311310,22518321,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Okdar,"This is a fun game, worth getting if you have friends to play with. Its not a solo mission type of game. Got to a 4th rate ship and the ai likes to stay behind you no matter what you do. Got tired of this crap and deleted the game. To me its not worth it. I hate having to rely on others to play a game. I have been wanting a cool ship game and I thought this would be it. Maybe later they will fix the ai pathing but for now I will find something else to play."
,Recommended,311310,22665246,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Marc1234fem,The Kingdom of Denmark-Norway is doing better at this date. 27-04-1721. Marc aproves.
,Recommended,311310,21975992,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Duox,"Core mechanics are very fun and refreshing! Ship battles are very engaging, and good depth to combat strategies. Some other reviews are salty about forum politics and chat bans, which sound like personal problems and not problems with the game. Get 1 or 2 friends and have a ball with this game."
76561198041972866,Recommended,311310,20747148,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,alex_day3,"This game is extremely fun. you start in a 12 gun cutter and from there you decide what to do. theres no tutorial but the games online so theres always people willing to help. great fun and the battles are epic. Graphics look nice and the audio is great. i would maybe like to see a soundtrack introduced though.But i must say, it is the least polished most buggy early access game ive ever played. Bugs are to be expected in these titles, however, the games are usually playable. Game time is dictated by daily server maintenance, server population and whether the game is in a good mood. Day one took over an hour to get into a server, day two saw mental screen tear after every battle and today? the client crashes after 5 seconds and i am unable to get on atall. when they say early access, they mean it. I will recommend this for the game i WANT it to be, not for what it is. bear that in mind."
76561198055996822,Recommended,311310,20739300,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Freedom38,"This game is amazing for being in alpha! To start it off, yes starting off can be a quite difficult with no tutorial. There are many videos and community help to teach you how to play! The game is actually quite simple though, i figured out how to play in about 2 hours without video help.For being alpha, the gameplay is quite extensive. There are many things you can do in this game, you can be pirates, traders, and more! There is PVP, and PVE. AI is very well programmed too, when i first started off playing this game i could not even tell who was real and who was computer!Graphics again, are amazing for alpha! You would think this is a AAA game, but its not! Sounds are also realistic!I am very excited to see how this game turns out with it already being this amazing!"
76561198060699015,Not Recommended,311310,20984965,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,BakaBakaBaka,ok so im basing this on the fact that i cant get past the player selection and get in the world.1/10
,Not Recommended,311310,22193422,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Zero,"FIRST REVIEW BEFORE EDIT: Really good so far looking forward to playing more. I would recomend this game so far there are a bunch of really cool people in game and its enjoyable. (update when more hours will come).EDIT: After all this time I am Changing my review of Naval Action, I am doing this because the Developers have not actively listened to the comunity and have all but compleately ruined their game that once held a lot of potential and was so much fun. They took away any aspect of fun and made the game a compleate stare at ocean simulator. Ever since they took away teleporting its been impossible to have any combat fun unless you sink hours into the game for small pvp battle. On top of this they ruined crafting making it ruthlessly hard and now ship prices are out of this world. Basically if you do have any combat and you lose a ship well now your screwed there to.IN SHORT: I can not recomend naval action as the Devs are doing everything in their power it seems to anger their dwindling player base and have not truly given anything we have asked for. This game is already appealing to a super small niche of player, however the devs want that number to be even fewer it seems so that their empty game can further its barren existance.DISLCAIMER: If this review is taken down its probobly because the ""Devs"" labeled it as false information, which is not true however they like to censor oppinions that speak out so it won't supprise me, so much for freedom of speech am I right. Oh wait forgot you dont have that in russia right?"
76561198016067784,Recommended,311310,23782424,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Marksman,"Really great concept, and the devs are working hard on it to make it enjoyable to everyone.The player numbers are a bit low at the moment but ehy, it's early access!So it isn't perfect but still a good game, and it will become better."
76561197999701350,Recommended,311310,20978119,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Beauxy,"This is an amazing example of how early access games should be. The devs focused on making the gameplay amazing and left the look of menus and maps to be worked on. I can stand looking at a boring menu, but not gameplay. This game is truly unique and I would strongly recommend anyone who likes MMO's or open world games to purchase this. I don't regret my purchase one bit."
76561198093710334,Not Recommended,311310,21345522,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The POHM,"Looks like it could be a really good game. but there is no tutorial that teaches you how things work, and the interface is poor :-/ graphics are really good tho :)"
76561198003622829,Recommended,311310,20949365,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,kamas,"Nice combat, and realistic sailing, but need to be upgraded for exploration gameplay and add some missions"
,Recommended,311310,20958504,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Meerkat,Very very early access and especially grindy at this point but an amzing game.  Dificult and rewarding with great battle system.  The developers are really great about interacting with the community and taking sugestions about how to change and tweek the game as they move forword.
76561197989716942,Not Recommended,311310,20950712,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,1ATL1.,"I love the concept of this game.  So much so I didn't mind spending $40 to get a chance to play.  However,  the required grinding to advance is beyound stupid!!!!!  Unless you have 10 to 12 hours a day for the rest of your life don't bother to get this game.  It's current state while entertaining for the first 20 to 30 hours becomes a boreing repeat of the same thing over and over anad over!  Did I mention the gridding and the hours of dead time going from point A to B?  Unless your willing to grid for literally days to advance one level, then don't bother with the game in it's current state.  Wait and see.  Currently it's worth 5 to 10 dollars, not a penny more!"
76561197979095304,Recommended,311310,20980016,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,pjtrap,"All in all, I am impressed, and even a bit addicted.  The battle graphics, tactics and action is fast paced and skill based.  You will feel a sense of accomplishment when you take your first prize and/or defeat a pirate ship.There is a open world that is diverse and well laid out.  Crafting and an ingame economy makes things interesting and allows for a personalization.  The community, so far, seems to be friendly and cooperative.While this game is still Early Relase, there is plenty to do, explore and action to be had."
76561198008001716,Recommended,311310,20982164,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Skilgan,Awesome
,Recommended,311310,21006103,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Nibutani x Dekomori,Wonderful sailing game that Most people would enjoy.9/1010/10 if they make it possible to use more than 1 character
,Recommended,311310,21021072,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,三日月篠,"I've been playing this game for about 40.7 hours in approximately one week. This is a testement to how much I really enjoy playing the game.At first I simply came for the combat, and did not really expect much from an alpha game. But in reality the combat is already fleshed out, it works great!The MMO aspects of the game works 'okayish'. In my opinion there needs to be added a bit more content, and a few tweaks to make it all work, but hey? It's alpha, so I bet it's going to be great in the end.The game needs a tutorial for new players, but the help section in the chat is filled with helpful players, so if you want to learn anything, just ask there.The Fantastic player base is this alpha mmo's strongest point, together with the wonderful combat."
01001001011001011,Recommended,311310,20973910,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Legolas,It good.
,Recommended,311310,23720890,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Gbit,"In its current state, it's very grindy.Definitely worth picking up if you have a lot of time and engoy Age of Sail games."
76561198042978788,Recommended,311310,22546075,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Old Scratch,"Naval Action.   Still a little rough around the edges, but overall a good  game  that is always being updated.  Learning curve is there. Give it a try."
76561198073936565,Recommended,311310,22708244,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Juggernaut,what a great game! ih HIGHly recommend it! lel
76561198067052853,Recommended,311310,22686677,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Zablonski,"Good game.  There's crafting components & ships; there's trading up and down coastlines; and there's combat, both individial and group based.  The real fun is finding the balance between these three competing dictates.  The initial grind is hard and boring but is as needs must for you to become a competent captain.  Find a clan, learn the secrets and amass the cash & experience necessary to become a captain of a first rate ship of the line.Plenty of forum and youtube available to learn the basics and gain proficiency.  In port (non ship) based UI is drab and boring, but is obviously only a placeholder.  Only negative is the 1hr server restart every day at 0700 hrs UTC.  Why they need this leftover from late '90's gaming is a mystery, but there it is.One of the more expensive Early Access games out there, but certainly has it's addictive side.  You can easily find yourself 100 hours in barely a 3rd of the way to MOAR CANNONS."
76561198000747817,Recommended,311310,22947020,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Mr. G,"Good combat, fun sim, good people and great sailing.  I've really enjoyed just the crafting side of things lately.  Huge potential here."
76561197970036222,Recommended,311310,21216465,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Israel,"First time reviewing a game simply because I enjoy this game immensely even in it's alpha stage and want to help it grow and flourish.  If you enjoy team tactics, ""Eve style"" MMO strategy/diplomacy, naval warfare, age of sail history, pirates, beautiful graphics or any of the above I highly recommend you check out Naval Action.  Even in it's alpha stage the replayability and fun is undeniable.  This game is also much more approachable than Eve (not to knock Eve, also a great game) but still presents a lot of the same dynamics that make this genre so much fun.  Plus, combat is not simply clicking the right guy at the right time but involves ""twitch"" reflexes, accuracy and in general is more instinctive.  Even though the ships are often going slowly when you factor in managing your crew, getting off cannon broadsides/chaser shots, factoring the wind/adjusting sails all the while not trying to hit anyone (on your team at least ;D)... you are never not calculating or focussing on what you're doing.  10/10!"
76561198078810512,Not Recommended,311310,21218025,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,PickleHydra,"I love ships So i was very exited for this when i first saw it so on an impulse i bought it i have since then refunded it. At first i loved this game but as i got further i relised this game is awful... not in the combat that is the one part of this game that is any good the way the factions works is stupid and makes grinding the most evil/ nessary experience ever the saling around to get to place to place is what kills this game though it looked like crap and felt like crap i hate time accelerate overworld stuff its obnoxious and feels off even when done well, i know i put roughly no time into this game but i hate that kind of mechanic other wise the game was fun and kinda cool."
76561197999118123,Not Recommended,311310,21862045,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,cliffordmccarthy,"No tutoral, limited help files, graphics pretty poor.  Story line unknown.  Thrown into game without and guidance of commands, goals, or game play.  World map confusion.  No postion indicators."
76561198045209201,Recommended,311310,24095453,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,NoahMcDermott,"Great game for anyone who wants intense naval combat.  It is in early development so not many features are balanced yet, which is why there is some recent backlash, but in about a year or so it should be smoothed out"
,Recommended,311310,24113040,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kronans,"We all have changes now. That is sad.Thise game have potentioal and with last patch it have been showing that new gameplay contents as fishing, officers and all gives the game a new aspect off playing.before start to play and hope for action it takes some time before you rank up to be able to do the fun parts as pvp or portbattles. it is a age of sail game so it is slow. can take 2-5 houers only to sail if you going to get a new bace away from home waters.You can sail have some pve battles ( good to rank up and geting gold), PVP ( have fun with players from diffrent nations), port battles ( take a port from the enemy nation), fishing ( get food =cash and a chanse to get a bottle that leads to a ship wreck). craft materials, uppgrades, ships, do traiding with own nation ports or the rest of the nations that is in the game by puting on a smuggler flag.if you take in it is under making and you can stand a game that is slow and love age of sail ships of the line then thise is a game for you. but if you like fast game that all is going to happend now. then you are not going to play thise game.But I recommend the game after playing it day for 4 months."
,Recommended,311310,22191662,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jackrabbit_V6,"Great game. Well, it´s in EA obviously but the devs are pretty active and also very communicative, have frequent polls for new features/ development steps and so on going, so i´m not worried the game will grow to maturity...That being said, for me as a PvE player there is not (yet) very much to do, going on missions or hunting ships on the open sea are the activities that i can do so far, but tbh, that´s exactly what i bought the game for. More PvE stuff is to come,like more mission types and other activities. Right now the production focus lied (and probably still lies) on the combat (pve and pvp) mechanics as well as economy/ trading and crafting, the latter being really complex already. So if you are a designated crafter, you´ll feel at home here as well...the combat and sailing mechanics are what the game shines at. It takes a rather realistic approach. It features a manual aim system, where each gun type and also each ship has a certain way to aim...combined with the need to take your ships stability and the conditions of the sea into account, aiming takes a bit of practice. Each single cannon ball seems to be tracked, means not only it ""hits the hitbox,applies damage and that´s it"",but it might hit, penetrate the hull, run halfway thru the ship, kill some crew on its way to the magazine... you get it... or it might just bounce off and drop into the water...of course there are also chain shots for destroying the sails,as well as grapes, especially to decimate the crew of an enemy vessel, available... what ever suits your needs :)the gameplay/ combat is very slow paced and has a most realistic age of sail feel to it, so if you are looking for a quick combat game,where you jump into a match and 5 minutes later leave again with 20 kills on your count, this is NOT your game...if you´re the type of guy who throws a party when you land a beautyful broadside barrage after outmaneuvering that large vessel over there, then yes, this is for you :) while we´re at cannon barrages: the sound of a 20 cannon volley alone is worth 100$ :DSo yea... the game is far from feature complete, especially PvE players feel the lack of content pretty quick, pvp players who have no issues with finding a guild might have an advantage for now :)But that´ll change, since they have PvE servers as well as pure pvp servers, the devs are showing the same interest in both parts of the game... But as i said at the beginning, i´m here for the ship fights anyway, and those are unmatched by any multiplayer game i have played so far...btw, the recently added open world is H U G E ... a trip from southern cuba up to Cape Canaveral (Florida) took me almost 2 hours :)There are several playable nations (including Pirates, which might change,meaning them being handled differently in the future...for now they´re ""just"" a nation as the others), which -on pvp servers- fight for the control over the MANY dozens of towns all around the caribean sea... but as mentioned, i´m a PvE player, so i´ll leave the PvP review to others..."
76561198007432202,Recommended,311310,20936003,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,borat14,Fantastic game.Very realistic been after this type of game for ages !
76561197991480145,Recommended,311310,20682535,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Boarsnouts,From sounding the ships bell to another player to try and avoid a collision to assigning crew and hearing the bows men whistle this game has got it down.  I've been waiting for this game for a long time and it is only going to get better from here.  The sounds of the sea and the spray and the roar of distant cannons its got it all.
76561197960684671,Recommended,311310,20701654,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,JunkRat_Manowar,"The actual battles are Realistic and the gfx are outstanding.This is not ur normal point and shoot and you will hit guarenteed game.You will have to see the ship out of the actual smoke first then you will have to know your guns are they short ,medium or long range  how high do you have to aim are you going for the ship it self or do you want to tear down the sails or go for the crew afterwards its up to you when you have desided all that you will also have to watch out for the waves when shooting (defently a more realistic factor wich i enjoy)First impression of this game is amazing!Will be nice when servers capability will be increased."
76561198156200491,Recommended,311310,20681715,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Invictus,"11/10. Best Old-timy naval game in a long while. I love the concept of the open world and the massive battles that happen around the map. (32 cutters vs A french mercury and a Consitution Class Frigate. Rule Britiania!). Very fun, would definately recomment. Even on low graphics, still looks amazing."
76561198065368097,Recommended,311310,20907228,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,UnclePedroThePanzer,OMFG YES GET THIS GAME
76561198079455715,Recommended,311310,20924091,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Littbuff,I've only played a little bit of this game and it's a total blast. The fighting is slower paced but its really fun. the graphics are beautiful and I just cant wait for more the developers have for us. The UI does take time to get use to however just fyi
76561197980323006,Recommended,311310,20928597,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,[23HG] Zaether,finaly a good Naval warfare game!i love it
,Recommended,311310,20929631,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ChaosKeeper,"Day 1: Me derping around in the basic cutterDay 2. I see a trader snow that I want for errrmmm...reserch purposes!Day 3: I enagage the deadly ship I manuever like a mad man...left,right,left,righDay 4: I realise it has only 3 guns and they have short rangeDay 5: 1 hour into the battle they have 18 out of 76 crew I have 39 out of 40Day 6: I board her,just so she can disengage after 4 turnsDay 7: I want enagage again,they threw grenades on my ship,didn't knew how to fix my shipDay 8: 1 hour and 10 mintues spent on a ship that won with 8 crew members...10/10 would do that again!Now I have upgraded to a snow and it's total annihilation,against big ships too!"
76561197960733865,Recommended,311310,20929897,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,TotalyRaged,The game i have been waiting for so long.I love this setting so much.As a early acces alpha the game runs great for me.Haven't encountered no bugs/glitches so far.Theres a good variety of nations to choose from.I do hope they will add nation restricted ships a.s.a.p.The 7 Provinces would be a great addition to the Dutch fleet :-)Only 1 thing bothers me in this game.Players entering your battle and destroying the ship you are capturing.I also see alot of people complaining about the cost of the game.For the entertainment hours you can get out of this game  it's well worth the price.
76561198240474692,Recommended,311310,28259068,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ForFrenchToast,"i'd reccomend this game to anyone who has a decent gaming computer because it does require a beefy computer to get good frame rates on high settings, but i reccomend it for everyone"
76561198020030339,Recommended,311310,29454550,Posted: 23 January,all,Carthago Delenda Est,This is a truly imersive game that has great potential.  I have enjoyed every minute that I have played.  I wish the sailing time was shortened and the battles were quicker but the reality is that the developers have created a world that mimics the real world very well.  The ships look amazing and the gameplay is better than expected.
76561197967440659,Recommended,311310,20787165,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mercury,"I've been waiting for this since I saw it on Greenlight a long while back.  I am glad it's out now and I just love it.  It looks fantastic and it appeals very much to anyone interested in the era of the old sailing vessels.  Lots to do and see.  It kind of reminds me of an old game from a long gone company ( Avalon Hill ) based on the same subject matter.  It was called ""Wooden Ships & Iron Men"".  That was a board game but this is a fluid, living game with a very active cadre of enthusiast who are not only quite friendly but very helpfull to anyone that needs advice and help."
76561198006747490,Not Recommended,311310,21599577,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,horrido,"The game play is too basic to keeps interesting for long. Suppposedly reallistic sailing but it is more arcade than simulation.Multiplayer mechanics are not very well thought of, as once a side starts""gaming the game"", the action will be only one sided and stops being interesting.Basically, this is a modern recreating of Akella's Pirates of the carribeans with multiplayer, without the walking on land.Edit: several months later, the game has not changed much, except becoming even more arcadish."
76561198085383212,Not Recommended,311310,21709017,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jammin,"This game is no longer worth the time or money it costs to play it, in fact, it is overpriced garbage. It is advertised as an MMO with many different features to keep you interested, and at this point I dare say it is falsely advertised.In the early days of EA resources were scarce and crafting was a challenge. You had to compete with other players for limited resources and not everyone could craft a ship every day. This also gave incentives for your nation to expand and take the ports of others in order to give your nation access to more resources. I enjoyed the competition and enjoyed nice ships being a rarity. The developers have since catered to care bears who only want an easy mode game, and as a result there isn’t really anything left to do. Resources are now in infinite supply. There is no point to capturing the ports of other nations for their resources. You will find everything you will ever need in an infinite supply in the ports right next to your capital.The developers plan on wiping many aspects of player accounts due to the influx of cheaters. They have said they will soft wipe the servers, which means players will lose all of their gold, ships, and resources. They do not plan on wiping XP or crafting level. This won’t slow down a cheater who by definition isn’t playing by the rules; instead it will punish the average player. Sounds fun doesn’t it?The one thing this game does decently is the combat. There is some fun to be had in pvp. This alone may keep you interested for a couple of days but it too will become monotonous and boring quite fast. When I started playing there were enough players to be spread around 2 to 3 different servers. At the time of this review there is only enough players left to fill half of one server, and it's easy to see why players are leaving this game in droves.I give this game a 3/10 and would say its worth about $10.00."
76561198028006776,Not Recommended,311310,25721496,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Kilrathii,ype of game ive been wanting to play forever. Its like a Sea Dogs MMO with modern graphics and tons of ships. Keep up the good work devs! (This was my old review)5/26/17I was a big fan of this game and even encouraged new ppl to buy it. I wanted this awesome concept to work as it had huge potential even for players who didnt like the age of sail or setting. Unfortunately the devs have only listened to small toxic minority of the player base. As a result the game has been stagnant for at least 8 months with things being added and then removed. PVP server is a desert and PVE server has been gutted as majority of playable content was removed. Every time someone has made constructive and informative posts on improving game developers have joined the same 20 or so toxic players active on forums to beat down the poster.If you are thinking of buying check my profile. I have played p2w games like HnG and war thunder yet they do not even compare to this.
76561198419049527,Recommended,311310,34821356,Posted: 8 September,all,ThatNavalGuy,"I think this game is very fun. I played it for a couple of hours, and I really to enjoy the realism of the game."
76561198278566213,Not Recommended,311310,21598294,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,More8,"Technically this game reminds me of Flight simulator X on sea. You have depth and possibilities of gameplay and it's not easy to get into, but if you perservere with it (which I have not) I believe there are rewardings to be found here. However at it's current state, the game has a steep curve to get into, very basic graphics and in general everything happens in slow motion. However the slowness is due to the simulation aspect of the game and does not differ from fsx in that respect. I mean your'e supposed to sail the sea, not fast travel it. I feel this will be a game for the experienced players and niche market, which as with fsx or other sims, is not bad thing at all. It's still getting patches and releases so the devs are at least doing something with this. I sure hope it will see a finished day someday and then I'm happy to take another look at it.There are severe annoyances that the community has been griping about for ages so lets hope the devs pick up on that one, such as the possibility for newbie players wait for experienced players to battle to death and then at last minute a newbie joins in and loots the shipwreck right before the winners noses or similar. Takes the wind off from playing competetively, and right now that's basically the playerbase this game has at the moment. Only curious and hardcore are willing to put up with this game's raw state of development. For these reasons I would advise to wait before getting this game, unless of course your'e that type of person."
76561198009897495,Not Recommended,311310,22995725,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,alaska_dante,"They need to have a better tutorial, walking into the game cold you have no Idea what your looking at so you rely on the fact that you've been a gamer and try the key boards,"
76561198021487140,Not Recommended,311310,34892195,Posted: 11 September,all,kmb1995,"NOT fun at all NO tutorial, NO real means of making money you can go out and spend hours watching you tube and fight 100 1v1 but you never win the NPC have a bigger ship, deadly acurate and more crew HOW is that a fair match!?!?!?!?!?"
76561198127418789,Not Recommended,311310,20682872,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,armordonio,"Hello! I am a guy that is fan of the age of sail and bought this game today. I think many people like pro/cons lists so here:PRO'S:- Realistic combat- Beautiful designed ships- Good trade system- Can play with friends- Huge ship battles- Many upgrades- Open worldCON'S- Traveling is to long and boring- When traveling in open waters, you encounter almost no ships- Ugly town UI(just blue screen with options)- No crew visible when traveling(minor con)- Boarding in combat is a blue screen with crew members decreasing instead of seeing your crew members fight- Crew members will do the gun load animation the whole battle wich takes away realism- No single difference between factions except for different starting place- Little ship viarity- Low amount of servers- Before entering combat, you get a loading screen(takes away the open world a bit)- Pogression is slow- When you start out, you feel uneeded and weak- Not much team communication within battles- The almost triple A asking price(EDIT, extra con)- No tutorial for new players to get them started.Well, i know this is early acces so i hope it will become worth its asking price at one point but right now its just thievery. I think the price for a MMO like this should be max $20. I think the asking price turns many people away and leaves the world even more empty. There are to little features and there is few things to do. It gives almost no sandbox feel and you only see its an MMO if you come close to city's wich are usually full of new players(wich is also the reason why there is almost no ship viarity being that every new player starts out with the same ship!).I have my refund requested. I tried to get into it but i can't. I if you were looking for a open world sandbox game set in the age of sail, buy sid meiers pirates. great game and 3,7 times cheaper.Sorry but i am not putting 100+ hours in a game that doesn't spark 1 single thought of enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,311310,20772210,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Deadstuff97,Was a Great Game it's gowing donw hill fast tho.Devs are inexperienced and not able to do a big game like this.MP community is shrinking to the point were it's not even a certainty that there wil be 1000 players online on the prime time.Combat is a lot of fun but at takes to much time to get to that combat.
,Not Recommended,311310,21425259,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Koresawa,"Does not run on GTX 980 ti 3way Sli, surrounded.GTX 980 TI 3way SLI에서 게임이 제대로 돌아가질 않네요."
76561198007045751,Not Recommended,311310,20704053,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Rake,"First and foremost, this game has so very much potential and is excitingly unique.  I feel terrible not recommending it.  For me though, it was totally let down by the almost incomprehensible (and startling ugly) menu screens.  It seems like so much work has gone into the rest of this game, and the menu screens have been added almost as an afterthought.I have requested a refund, as none of the screenshots show these, and I don't feel they are representative of the game as it stands, and people should be made aware of this before being expected to part with the price of a far more developed game.  (I question whether one can call themselves indie, and charge the same as many of the large developers.)That said, I have to emphasise that I love where the developers are going with this, and I will definitely be buying another copy if/when the menu system becomes a bit more comprehensible.  And perhaps add even the smallest tutorial?"
,Not Recommended,311310,35057911,Posted: 18 September,all,TE5LA,"This game really makes me sad. Sad, because it has so much potential that I fear is being wasted by developers of very little vision. Developers who feel that a game (yes, it's a game) should punish its player base to the extent of driving them so far away as to never look back. As many have mentioned, the graphics and combat mechanics are top-notch, but the game pretty much ends there.The game is designed to be an MMO, but the quests are very limited and redundant. Sailing across open waters is boring and tedious. The map is completely static so there is very little benefit to using it. You are expected to know where you are at all times and find other locations by using landmarks, which only add to the tedium. They are called ""landmarks"" for a reason, they are on land. You're in the middle of the ocean. There aren't many watermarks to help guide you.Aside from this, the devs seem to think that all new players should already be experts in the game and offer little in the way of helping you learn things other than by making tragic mistakes. For instance, they will allow you to get a ship and sail out into battle without a crew onboard, which is fine and dandy until you get into a battle (which can take hours) and then you discover that you can't fire your cannons nor even move your ship because stupid you did not hire the crew to operate it. If you say something about it in the chat, veteran players are quick to remind you what an idiot you are and how did you expect to sail a ship without a crew? Well, I sailed it for hours across a boring sea looking for something to fight. How about a popup when you try to leave port suggesting something like ""Perhaps you should hire a crew for your ship before sailing""?I didn't remain long enough to discover the myriad of bad decisions that some other players here have written about. I didn't need to wait that long before realizing my purchase of Naval ""Inaction"" was a mistake. If the developers want to salvage this game, they should turn it into a match-based tactical game along the lines of World of Warships with both PvP and PvE modes and research trees. With the nice graphics and combat mechanics, the game could really shine in the clipper ship genre, one that has been sorely neglected in the past. As it stands, if you want to play a sailing ship MMO that features a good variety of things usually found in an MMO, you're best to download the free-to-play older game called Pirates of the Burning Sea."
76561198007494357,Recommended,311310,35138125,Posted: 22 September,all,Batman,"I have joined this game when it was released on Steam and seen all the ups and downs that happened since then. With the latest Patch the game has become more noob friendly, which was desperately needed to not loose new players after 2hrs of gameplay."
76561198082260971,Not Recommended,311310,21509515,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,nickscheenstra,"Fun for the first few hours but the re-playability curve goes down sharply seeing as this game is still beta. Just simply not enough things to do in the game. You'll spend the first 5 hours doing the same mission over and over just to rank up....well actually that is the entire game. By far the most disappointing game I have bought on Steam. It's too bad, this game had potential"
,Not Recommended,311310,21553329,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,dolan49f,"Boring game, wish i could get my money back"
76561197986380584,Recommended,311310,23010549,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,FridayNightMovies,This is clearly in it's early stages but the potential for growth is there. The battle system is really well done. The map is gigantic. The only real issue I have is that your compose possision changes sides when going from open world combat instance.
,Not Recommended,311310,20927158,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Veyo,"Don't die, then you have to wait 1 hour to respawn... stupid..And graphics aint that good either"
76561198053913220,Not Recommended,311310,23639232,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bonafides,Just doesnt work ... money burnt for nothing
,Not Recommended,311310,21336865,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,•҉ 3 Nails +1 Cross = 4 Given,"The developers continue to sabotage the fun in this game and turn it further and further into an insipid joyless grind-fest.It was fun not long after it came out on steam, but back in the summer they broke most of the good stuff and have just kept up the bad work.Really a shame this game had so much promise. Bad decisions bad devs bad game :("
76561198006587991,Recommended,311310,34346507,Posted: 19 August,all,Mike the Mongol,"A review after over 1500 hours ingame.THE GOOD* Amazing Battles, the imersion of the fights, especialy in the larger PvP fights have a great feel to it, even the smaller engagments can give you that WOW factor. 10 out of 10* Game world is impressive, Graphics are a 9 out of 10, couple of the earlier ships could use a new or updated maps(materials) but still not bad.* Large Open World sandbox, plenty of room to be that tactician or strategist 7 out of 10*Weather and affects , rough seas in a smaller vessel can seriously give you that "" Dam these waves * response , and when those storms hit you better be good at dead reckoning 10 out of 10* Plenty of detail to ship type turns, speed, sails ect ect. Devs did a good job at attention to detail on ship mechanics 8 out of 10There is plenty more on the Good side and why I will continue to play, ...I would recomend this game to anyone who enjoys the High Seas genre.BAD* Devs have a bad habit when making changes it is to the extreme side, then adjusting, sometimes this causes plenty of frustration...this is a 5 out of 10 on Development* Game world is to large for population, but due to it still being EA this can be expected but still a 5 out of 10.* UI is horrible, word is there will be a new UI but currently its a 3 out of 10* No Pirate mechanics yet , maybe in future ? 5 out of 10* RvR still needs work, Strategy on this layer can still be dictated by the larger Nation or players 6 out of 10Alot of the BAD I would still contribute to EA, but some of this I believe falls on the Devs side of a unclear development pipeline, Devs in recent weeks have picked up on possitive input both to and from community..I hope this remains.Bottome line is Give the game a chance, it has major potential and get hooked up with a clan or group of players and you can double the fun factor."
76561198024118574,Not Recommended,311310,20929539,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Cpt V,"Do NOT BUY.1) game is dying, less than 700 active players for more than 330 ports. Check steamdb !2) Time sink: sail 30 min minimum, have a 15 min fight and sail 30 min back. Real time sailing for nothing. I have set course and gone shoppng, after 1.5 hrs I came back and NOTHING had happened.3) toxic community: the game's great, or you get spanked heavily4) stubborn devs: only listen to hardcore simulation fans. As a MMO a complete failure5) economy: devs don't know anything how that thing works, exploits are common6) what to do: sail, attack a trader, make a mission (if you find it), or  a port battle. That's it.7) Port battles: what are they good for? One port is like any other8) pay full price in january and see that it gets discounted in summer sale after 5 months. No redeemables for people who have supported the game since long ago.9) devs got about 2,5 million cash. Lot of money for a game which will NEVER make it.10) I logged 500+ hours. KEEP AWAY"
,Not Recommended,311310,21638524,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Acidic ☪,Bought the game and was unable to play it. I understand it is early access but the 4 servers have been in maintainance for ages and all of them have over 300 ping (I'm in Australia)
76561198009220069,Recommended,311310,29325715,Posted: 17 January,all,Lothan,Love it so far! Ship to ship fights are incredibly fun
,Not Recommended,311310,31957082,Posted: 25 May,all,Mr.Meeseeks,"Devs take all your ships and gold in a wipe. Gives you three ships with no crew (crew costs gold to hire) and no guns (now sold per gun instead of per deck at the same price) and expects you to kiss their asses for it. Oh, but dont worry, your exp is safe..."
76561198299984638,Not Recommended,311310,23031374,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,herrtriggerjr,the game has many flaws and  should have a big warning sign NOT FOR CAUSAL GAME PLAYERSopen world sailing just takes forever and the dev dont seem to care the the players are leaving in droves just now 9pm cst only 300 people on pvp1 not a good signow sailng needs to be fixed takes to long to do anythingfactions unbalanced 70% of the server is pirate and messes up the pvp aspect of the gamenot enough to do other than sail for hrs and do nothinggames needs to be pulled and have content added then put back on sailDO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU CANNOT SEND 2-4 HRS A NITE TO BE ABLE TO DO THING
,Not Recommended,311310,23418917,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,SHADOW,"First, i wanna tell that this game is great as a sim but it sucks at every other stages.- Naval combat is amaizing (And really difficult to master for a random player, you'll always be weaker than the IA)- IA's are TOTALY CHEATED AND OVERPOWERED, THEY NEVER MISS ANY SHOT (AI are ALWAYS STRONGER than players)- HARDCORE MECHANICS (Naval mechanics, with sailling, reloading)- Useless OPENWORLD (It's empty with NOTHING TO DO IN), except searching battles, but it's useless to do battles, because the AI will ♥♥♥♥ you- Game is too expensive for the lack of content you get (For 40 bucks, you can get 2 good games that are really really far ahead as OPENWORLD SANDBOX, like Life is Feudal or even ARK:Survival Evolved <== Go download big galleons mod and you got Naval Action)- No trading (It's useless to make money in this game, because you need to farm the missions to get XP and improve your rank, if you don't have the specified rank, you can't get BIG SHIPS like the well known VICTORY) ==> And it's REALLY LONG (I needed 70 hours only to get the 6 rank, and there is 10 ranks in total, the VICTORY NEED THE 9th RANK)- Stupid and boring grind (Sorry but, i already païd 40 ♥♥♥♥in euro to play, just give us the big ships, please)- Stubborn and stupid dev's, doesn't listen the community (Everybody asked to lower the AI difficulty, but they upgraded it to make them EVEN MORE difficult) ==> Dev's are clearly saying : ♥♥♥♥ THE PLAYERS !!- SUDDEN WIPES THAT MAKEs YOU LOSE EVERYTHING YOU WORKED FOR (I played 70 hours for nothing).CONCLUSION : Its one of the most shitiest game i ever played !! Don't play it or you'll get cancer and ♥♥♥♥in' die !!"
76561198123283068,Not Recommended,311310,34926894,Posted: 13 September,all,GOD,"This game has way too many bugs and the most recent update has made me lose many ships and gold due to frequent amounts of crashes, do not buy untill beta comes out."
,Not Recommended,311310,21408319,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Legoloas,"Don't buy this thinking it will be ""Euro Truck Simulator"" for boats. It's not."
76561198014458471,Not Recommended,311310,21545708,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,michael.czwecsko,Although im running my games on a high end professional gaming PC THIS game looks and feels so retro like back in the late90s. The starting page is presenting the content of the game very poorly and it seems there is no structure that a beginner would have it easy to navigate or a tutorial to guide someone through the basics. There are already clans that would help though.For 36EURO real MONEY very very very sad and poor game design with no perspective.
,Not Recommended,311310,20739545,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,OneArmedBilly,"I recommend playing less than 2 hours and then having a good long think about what you just paid $40 for.Some major cons for me.UI is a shambles, and while it does say ignore the UI in the UI that doesn't help much.It's $40 and it is not even close to being worth it. I'm all for supporting a developer, I bought this with a friend, that's $80 that we both ended up getting a refund for. Had it been $20, I would have kept it and just hoped it got better. Took it as it is, a fun little sea battle game.Very little in the game helps you along, and my first battle lasted about 40 minutes 1 on 1. It was painfully slow and I had no idea what I was doing.I'm genuinely shocked at the ""Very positive"" reviews.Dislike the crewing of my crappy little tub, my guys just kinda did repetative things and when I had less crew than it said I had I am pretty sure I counted them all still there. That spoiled the immersion for me, it was dissapointing.YES, IT IS EARLY ACCESS!I know this, but I did expect more because the price they are asking.Take a page out of WarThunders book, have a physics system that you can see. If I broadside a ship I want to see bits of railings fly off because a ball flew through it, and those railings stay gone. I want to hit a sailor with a grape shot and see him DIE or get flung overboard. I want to see crew scurrying around doing things that makes me feel like I have an actual crew I give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about.*Edit* I stated earlier that I was with a friend, I could not find any way to group or locate or play with that person, I just happened to be playing the same game as him. We got in a sea battle together and ended up on opposite sides. That was the deal breaker for us. *Edit*That said, there are not many naval games out there, and I did enjoy the second battle which was a mass of ships, I had no idea what I was doing but I shot things and made holes in sails.The graphics are really nice and you can make some lovely cinematic stills, but uh.. you didn't pay $40 for cinematic stills did you now?End of the day, I'll follow this game and keep it on my wishlist for a future sale that is AT LEAST 50% off.Be warned guys, don;t let your desperation for some old timey naval combat get the better of you and part with your money because♥♥♥♥♥♥like this is part of the problem with the industry (that and microtransactions on full price games)."
,Not Recommended,311310,21602884,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,distiller,"Basically it's a nice game, and I want to play it for a longer time... but....Once I'm logged into it I already feel bored and immediately log out.Why ? ...   Let me tell you some things you might need to know before purchasing it:Pros:+ pretty neat interface while being on the ship, easy to understand+ the first thing you'll notice are the waves. the water is so realistic to watch.. and even more realistic during battles, where u'll have more details+ steering a ship is fun too, there are a great variety of ships you can purchase during the game with many upgrades and different looks+ mixing a ship simulator with an mmo is a cool idea too+ you can be dutch, danish, sverige, american, british, french, spanish or join the pirates, which is the only faction who can attack eachother.+ day/night cyclusCons:- the waves could be much bigger at the sea- as nice as the UI is while outside on the sea, once you are in a Harbour/Port/Outpost the UI is big and confusing.- You gain 50 ish xp for a successfull mission in Level 1, and not more. You need 1000xp to Level 2 = Pure Mission Grinding!- There ain't alternatives to grinding missions, but to attack players of other countries, which you shouldn't do in early levels anyway, cause you have no effin chanceSo if you don't have mates to help you out in those missions wich are 1vs1 battles against AI Ships and 50% of them will destroy you in the beginning, you have a problem- one of those missions ( 1vs1 battles ) will last for 30minutes or longer until finally a ship is destroyed and will sink, whether its yours or the AI ship.- there are only 3 things to do in this game: missions ( which are always the same procedure ), pvp battles ( will be interesting in higher levels / you can attack Harbours too ) or you can just farm Gold by buying and selling goods in different Ports, but you cant gain xp from that and there ain't trading quests yet.If you decide to farm Gold first, you might be able to puchase bigger ships, but bigger ships need a bigger crew, and the amount of crewmember will increase with your rank/level only! so don't even think about joining a battle with a ship that needs 150+ crew and you only got your 40 member in level 1. Cannon reloadtimers will increase drastically, your turning and steering will be horrible, and you can't even manage to repair it either.So.. if you're already a fan of ships , especially old ones and don't care about the difficulties during the game, get it and travel the carribean sea!Otherwise, give it a couple more months and check if they added more content.Also feel free to check out my screenshots if you're interested."
76561197966028854,Not Recommended,311310,21921489,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Trailer_Ninja,"The game is decently entertaining.. the combat is very fun.. that being said finding missions is extremely difficult. If you use profanity you will have your chat privaledges revoked. This is a sandbox game your are not allowed to build whatever sandcastle you want inside. If you play Naval Action you are beholden to sets of rules not posted inside the game. The devs will make up rules instead of fixing in game issues and punish the player base for mistakes they have made rather than fixing it. WHEN YOU PURCHASE THIS GAME YOU MUST REGULARLY CHECK INTO A GARBAGE FORUM(not in steam) OR RISK GETTING BANNED FOR THINGS THE GAME ALLOWS. If you are disliked in the game you can be brought on charges in a biased 3rd party ""tribunal"" and receive a ban. I have never in my life seen a game that you must frequently check changing rules that are not posted in the game. I like the game and will play it in the future but currently it is not worth $40 to play 2 seperatly games... forum pvp and open sea pvp."
76561198046795168,Not Recommended,311310,20691355,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,chilli beef,"needs a lot of polish UI is terrible, many pop ups missing basic options such as close. constantly get caught on shallows when trying to dock and end up zig zagging all over the place.basic problems that severely affect the enjoyment you have when playing.avoid until it comes out of alpha. if these (and other) basic issues aren't solved it won't ever become a success or be worth playing."
,Not Recommended,311310,21082212,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Bad Wolf,"At this point and time I can in no way recommend this seemingly nice game. Here is why:First of all, the UI is absolutely horrible, and in addition, from what I gather through forum posts and the like, the devs do not intent to enhance it, or at least make it half way decent, in any way shape or form in the near future.Secondly the graphics. Played on ultra, with everything turned up, the game is still rough around the edges. For example, ropes on the ship are being formed in lines, even with AA turned to max, the contact of the ship with the water is in no way smooth, the vegetation on the islands contains very rough models, and suffers from similar AA problems, and the lighting/shading, is not remarkable either. Combine that with the fact that all you 'll be looking at in this game, are the above mentioned ship, islands and sea, the game is certainly no eye-candy at this point, for me at least. Whether the developers intend to enhance the graphics remains to be seen.Thirdly immersion. Having to go through loading screen after loading screen, even to engage enemy ships at sea, just totaly breaks immersion. I can understand, and forgive, a loading screen here and there, maybe when you enter major ports, but not when they litteraly precede every enemy encounter. Further more, when not engaged in combat, the ship seemingly runs itself, with not crew on deck, as if it was a ghost ship. Not only that, but even when you do get to see the crew, which is only in enemy engagements, the crew is poorly animated, and they do not even engage in activities around the ship, either following your orders, or passivly. They have only 1 animation ,which is to inspect the cannon, and even that is terribly done. This lack of the human factor is also present at ports, that look abandoned as a direct result of this. I really hope the developers do try and amend these issues someday.Moving on, perhaps the most awful thing about the game at this point, and something that I am afraid will not be changing, ever, is the grind. Going by reports in forums, and videos, along as with what little I could gather from struggling to understand the menu, the grind is horrendously long, even to match that of free-to-play MMOs. Difference is, I can understand why F2P MMOs need the grind, which is to generate income from people skipping said grind. But in a game you pay 40 dollars for, such a long grind is to my eyes completely unacceptable. Sure, im all for not giving everything away at once, but the system going at this point is just off the charts.On a positive note, If the game has one redeeming vertue even at this point, it is that of the combat system. That is truly enjoyable, and the battles are truly engaging. It is however too, quite slow, which I personaly do not mind, however this might be a nuisance to some people.All in all, the game feels too rough, and too early in development right now, which is not inherently a bad thing, but when the developers are asking a whooping 40 dollar fee, for this unfinished alpha, that you are going to be testing for them for free to boot, I can not, sanely recommend it. If the game gets patched up in the future, or if the developers realize they are asking too much for a game miles from being complete, and change the price, then I might come to recommend it. Until then, stear clear from this one."
76561198004686757,Recommended,311310,30818235,Posted: 29 March,all,Trim,"Pretty much everything you read about this game is true, both good and bad, but it most certainly does not deserve all the negative reviews that dominate the top of board, at least one of them written by someone who still plays the game. Go figure.This game is in early access. It is not finished and some things you might take for granted - such as a tutorial - simply don't exist. The players (some of them) are helpful enough but it takes ages to talk through - or write in chat - all the game mechanics you will encounter in your first few minutes playing. If you are thinking of buying this game, do read forums, game guides, check out youtube and so on to find at least the basics of how to play so you don't entirely swamp Help chat with questions when you start.The devs and chat and forum moderators are ... erratic. Sometimes it seems like Geppetto has carved this beautiful game, but he grew old, tired, blind or something and left it to his wayward apprentices to finish. There must have been some great vision to have got this far, but until recently it seemed to have been lost with a history of abandoned trials (which players predicted would fail, and they did) finishing up with three grand announcements about a server wipe, allocating crafting resources to the 25 Port Battle winning participants, and merging the PvE and PvP servers. The server wipe was widely accepted as a good idea and is planned for 20th April 2017, and I think it is to the dev's great credit that the other two ideas have been withdrawn. The PvE server will now stay for at least 18 months after release, followed by a review (and quite honestly I will be surprised if release is in 2017 - I think there's quite a lot of life left in PvE, but your guess is as good as mine).On technical points the devs actually seem very good at listening (despite what you might read), but they are sometimes poor at communicating and they appear to have a total blind spot when it comes to humour, particularly it seems from American players (I think they don't pick up very well on American cultural references). If you post anything funny that could possibly be misconstrued as an accusation (against them or a fellow player - it doesn't matter) you can expect a week's forum ban. They are very heavy handed.The playerbase is also sometime overly aggressive, misogynistic and unsympathetic to people who like to play in a different manner from them. But this is an MMO so it goes with the territory, I'm afraid. However this is almost certainly the best age of sail game you have ever played so if the only thing putting you off is that it is an MMO with all that entails, perhaps the PvE server might be for you. People are polite there; there is no aggression - literally at the moment: no other player can ever attack you and right now AI ships won't attack you either (but you can attack them). This will probably change so there is some form of AI aggression (this is an early access game so things change - I really cannot repeat this enough), but either way it opens the possibility for playing the game like a sailing sim, roleplaying or whatever takes your fancy, things you cannot usually do in a combat-orientated MMO.Personally, crafting is my thing so I play on a PvP server, where there is real demand as well as risk. The crafting system isn't yet sorted so - as with so many other bits of the game - don't come here with too high expectations, but the 20th April server wipe will bring changes which look good from here. I look forward to finding out.Finally, if you are reading this before 20th April, don't think you need to put off buying the game till after then. Start before and you'll keep your combat and crafting xp and be given 4 free ships after the wipe. Come on in, the water's lovely."
76561198027642409,Not Recommended,311310,20756688,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Pvt. Matthews [42ndPA],"The game is very nice but it's very hard, ping too high!It's difficult because there isn't a tutorial and the game isn't very intuitive.The idea is good and the game is beautiful but it's important to improve it a lot.Buy it if you're very sure!"
76561198067523840,Not Recommended,311310,20845570,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Python,"alright, in the beginning i was really drawn to this game, time period, the gun powder all that, that is why i bought it when it released.first of all, this game is NOT WORTH 37 euros, i can buy a triple A game for that money, so i EXPECT a good quality game with many features/ near finished. if its was like 10 to 15 euro range, i might gave it a thumbs up.Graphics 7/10the ships looks stunning. but the boat that you start out with, not so much. the big boates look amazing.i also loved it when you are sailing and in the far distance you see towers of a city sticking out so you know you are almost home.islands itself are quite dull, and low res.in battle, the ocean is beatifully done. the ships movement, are very well donedont get me started about the ui, its bland, boring and not user friendly, but hey its alpha right?gameplay 5/10the only thing i liked was the 'naval action' for the rest it was boring as ♥♥♥♥. this aspect of the game is not for most people.(so not for me.) you go out in the ocean looking for fights, or get a contract to battle a ship 1vs1. buddies with you could help with this grindfest.Then in the ports you can select small boat battles, and big boat battles. this is where everyone is. and because everyone is in the ports money/xp farming, there is almost no one in the open seas. developers need to get rid of that, or lower the rewards for the pvp battles.Technical 9/10this games runs very well on my system, gtx970, intel core i7.frames are always at 60fps+only minor thing i have is the daily maintance, this is the first game i see that has this. and if you are immersed you have to port, and log out for this maintence, or else you could lose progress.Final 4/10its just below average for me. but if you REALLY like boat battles from this time piriod and have patience with grinding 10 hours for a bigger ship, then by all means buy it. but for 37 euros, i can buy a triple A game that is finished and gives me more gameplay and enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,311310,22342317,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Templar,"Due to the return policy on Steam I had to ditch this game before I could really experience anything except for a little bit of sailing and a pair of battles. A person looking to experience this game in a deep and meaningful way would need much more time than I could give it.  That being said I cannot reccomend this game as it is right now. Naval Action is an open world game in alpha stages of development (at time of writing). To be worth $40, a game should grab me very quickly with something, anything and Naval Action simply failed me in that regard. The primary pull at this time, naval combat, is novel but you could probably have just as much fun playing Patrician III or World of Warships. Take your forty bucks elsewhere for now and wishlist this game. For a piece like this it would be better to spend sixty dollars on a fleshed out product than forty dollars on what amounts to a whole lot of not much."
76561198004582992,Not Recommended,311310,20716011,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,LongShank,If you from Australia or Oceanic region could be looking at bigger pings mine is around 300 and facingtimeout errors in any battles with more then four people. Game breaking. I would use the checkout how you go in multiplayer battles before commiting to the game and use the steam refund if needed.
76561198014723787,Recommended,311310,30650020,Posted: 21 March,all,Senhor Lenhador,"Right off the bat I want to just say: this is great game and I've never spent so many hours with any one steam purchase.  It's early access so there are of course some problems and the Devs can be a bit tetchy at times but it's nothing like has been made out in recent Steam reviews and obviously Early Access means things are changing all the time.  The UI and clan mechanics are a tad basic atm but that's prety minor stuff, escpecially when you consider extremely polished battle system and the quality of the ship models.So the game tries to simulate/gamify being a sea captain in the late 18th/early 19th Century and it does a pretty good job of this.  Obviously it's not a true simulation, the scurvy and weevilvs have been swapped out for live map coordinates and a teleport function if you get really lost, but that's probably for the best.  There are two modes, the Open World which is a large map of the Caribbean where you sail from port to port and the battles.  The battles are phenomenal: beautiful to watch and exciting to play with a realistic flavour absent in SO SO SO many other pirate/sailing games.The game offers various playstyles but I mainly play RvR (Realm vs Realm) where you sail for one of the 7 in-game nations (+ Pirates) and attempt to conquer ports off eachother.  Not all factions work the same way but most have clans that work together to conquer or blockade ports, diplomats that work out deals between the factions and some people who pass it all by and just go sailing the open seas looking for enemies to sink, ignoring RvR completely.  There also are competitions, both dev and player run for people looking for a quick consequence-free ship battle.Some of the best parts of the game aren't even dev made and that's communities and the culture built up around the game.  There is some toxicity of course, and that's a shame, but it represents a small part of the game experience compared to the vast majority who are courtious and polite and for the most part passionate about history, sailing and just having a good time.For example: at the moment there's a guy putting out weekly Youtube videos following the battles and conquests on the game with specials on tactics and ships and other assorted game topics.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQBM7edgbrg0liG9V5sy-1AThee's another guy making a 3D model of a British 2rd rate from 1768 who posts regular updates on his progresshttp://forum.game-labs.net/index.php?/topic/19328-hms-barfleur-1768-3d-model/and like them there are lots of people doing really cool and interesting things that make the culture around the game a fantastic added benifit.As I said before it's an Early Access game so there are some kinks to be ironed out and that is what's causing the most amountof angst both in the forums and in the Steam Reviews.  It's a game that lots of people are passoionate about so when things head in a certain direction they don't like people get salty.  There's also been a few atempts at using bad steam reviews as a way try and influence the Devs against certain decisions.    I'm not saying that's the reason for all the negative reviews but it's a factor in a few of the most recent ones. The devs can get a bit defensive but personally I wouldn't say they've crossed a line or been rude to people who hadn't first been rude to them. People get salty because they care about the game and they care because it really is a great game.  It's not going to be everyone's cup of tea but if you're on the fence about this one I'd say give it a go."
76561197977234045,Not Recommended,311310,20946129,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,JustSomeDude,"I wouldnt buy this game, the UI is horrible in port, the game play is repetitive, it takes forever to gain each level,  and is most certainly not worth 40$. PotBS is better and i havent played that in years."
,Not Recommended,311310,20988563,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SVTx23,"The progression in this game is so slow. I dont do a lot of reviews but this is so PAINFULLY SLOW that I had to come in here and warn you. UNLESS YOU HAVE 8HRS A DAY TO PLAY ITS GOING TO TAKE YOU A WEEK TO GET OUT OF THE NOOB SHIPAfter almost 10 hours im about 8/10ths of the way through the first level... The game has no loot, it has no User interface, its crap right nowI understand that the developers are used to making free to play games with free to play grinds but I payed for this, it shouldnt be so absolutely crazy!maybe if you fix the leveling system I will download it but right now ITS UNINSTALLED"
,Not Recommended,311310,20827532,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Kauyon,"Do you enjoy playing really hardcore simulators? This may be the game for you.Do you want to have a chill nice time with a game that reminds you of Elite: Dangerous or Windward? This is certainly NOT the game for you.I'm sure it gets better once you learn all the elaborate mechanics, but seriously, if I had the time and the patience, I'd learn to ACTUALLY sail a ♥♥♥♥ing boat instead of sitting in front of my computer.I may be butthurt at it being a hard ""game"", but seriously, just trying to save some people the frustration and refunds."
,Not Recommended,311310,23777326,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,derzto,"Broke and in need of a new ship? Haha don't worry, there's tons of NPC's you can attack and board out in this active, open world game! Oh wait, there's not? Oh well, at least with a bit of searching (and getting lost), you'll come across something. You found something, GREAT! After you've committed to a battle that felt like hours (10/10 realism m80y), shot away at the enemies rigging and crew, THEN you can board them and take your prize! Oh wait, you can't? Oh well, you can just waltz back to harbor and get a few repetative missions that involve simple 1v1 ship battles against sloops! Either that, or get thrown into the games economics without any way of figuring out which way is up or which way is down.10/10 best ship simulator 2k16"
76561198068730362,Not Recommended,311310,22699900,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Wuxia Wizzard,"This game has an extensive and strict code of conduct. This code is not listed in-game, only on their forums. If a mod thinks you're not following it, you can get permanently banned from using all in-game chat. If this happens, there is no appeal process. It is account wide. The game does not tell you why.I once asked on their forums why they don't actually tell players their code of conduct if it's so important. One of the staff informed me that they do, it's linked right below the system requirements on this very store page! Go take a look.Now think to yourself if you want to buy a game with mechanics made by people who think that is a good idea."
76561197983112313,Not Recommended,311310,31942945,Posted: 24 May,all,RewisC,"I bought this assuming it was a simulation and not a MMORPG. I gave it a chance but as soon as i hit the water I was out. I could do full 360s either direction full stop in 2-3 seconds. Full sail and speed are achieved with no effort and in seconds. This game is not realistic at all. Steam gave me a refund, but they still falsely advertise this as a ""simulation"" and ""realistic"". This is not the case. This game is neither realistic or a simulator in any way."
,Recommended,311310,29054852,Posted: 6 January,all,Carr,"Naval Action presents one of the most unique and revolutionary attempts at melding an MMORPG with a ""World of Warships"" style gameplay. As someone with 600+ hours and on a hiatus since this game's Early Access Steam launch, I can truly say that this is one of the more ambitious games on the market which will unfortunately be both its strength and weakness. It goes without saying that Naval Action will be in early access for the indefinite future, with many massive features such as whether there will be an ""over world"" section of the game or not still on the chopping block. This and many other important ""MMORPG"" aspects such as trading, PvP, PvE, in my eyes are still yet to be finalized by the developers' vision, which I confirmed after observing discussions of this game's future with developers on their Naval Action forums.It is important to list this project's current faults to anyone considering purchase in the forseeable future (months or so from writing this review at the least):-Player population is dismal. Will spike when major content releases like most MMORPGs experience player traffic, however Naval Action is considerably more niche in the genre and sees maybe 1000~ players on generous days. When Naval Action releases on Steam fully, it must truly be impressive to maintain a truly enjoyable playerbase for a game of this scope.-Most population/interest is focused in the European zone. If you want a truly ""massive"" experience, you will learn to accept European latency.-Development is slow and often times due not just to a small dev team, but rather their circular decisions on some core aspects of the game. For instance, in the short few weeks I was active the dev team consistently patched varying versions of the ""PvP tag circle"" mechanic which would initiate battles. While a rather divisive issue in the community, the developers' responses/patches were usually delayed and they ultimately went back and forth on their decision to this mechanic multiple times. I wonder how much developer time was wasted on this indecisiveness, when they could have been improving other aspects of this game so desperately lacking? (PvE, Exploring, Tracking, Economy, Quests, UI, etc.)-Bare bones. The combat simulator portion of this game is enjoyable, but so far Naval Action fails to sell the idea that you are a Naval Captain in a truly massive conflict where players pull the strings. Expect dull trade runs, ""fishing"" by pressing a button, zero quests, and very boring PvE battles to farm up ranks to use better ships. Casual players beware.Now let's discuss the positive aspects of Naval Action:-If you're a fan of historical naval tactics, engagements, naval vessels, etc. from about 1600-1820, you will be greatly impressed at this game's attention to detail. Battles lack the ""arcade"" feel, while not being completely boring, especially if two players finally commit to a sea battle. Expect 30+ minutes of fighting where every shot counts, de-masts are devastating, and managing your crew/repairs both on the open sea and in battles are crucial to your career and survival. Digital ships are modelled straight from primary historical sources with amazing graphical fidelity.-Developers are active and intertwined with their community. While they are subject to criticism, apathy on the forums is not one of them. Funding does not seem to be an issue either, so do not expect development to stall purely because of money.-Scope. Macro-management. Immersion. While nowhere near its final implementation, I feel the developers' vision of nations full of players fighting/politicking/backstabbing/and monopolizing the Caribbean in a purely player-driven experience all with an 18th century flair can be fully realized. EVE Online is often used as inspiration in Naval Action's development, but it's clear the devs here are interested in striking their own path. Even lacking in its physical form, I feel this is still a pro in my eyes as so few games these days have this kind of ambition.So down to the final question: Should you buy it?My answer is: No. Until this game releases, I would not spend your money unless you're truly interested in shaping this game's future. Currently, it is still in VERY early development and ultimately boring once you've gotten your fill of the naval combat simulator Naval Action truly is at this point. Not an MMORPG. I eagerly await Naval Action's launch and to see if the developers' vision truly holds to their promises.-Carr"
76561198084150230,Not Recommended,311310,21029243,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,JohnnyChimpo,"STAY AWAY!!Another game where the devs talk a big game, but underhandedly cater to tryhards.Mark my word this will be another P2W jerk-fest within a year.They make it out to be a hardcore(ish), almost sim like game...yet they blatantly ignore a LARGE amount of player using a coordinate system (in the bug report menu) for navigation.Some of the Devs came from WarGaming...looks like old habbits die hard ya...Sad really, game has alot of potential thats ruined."
76561197982882992,Not Recommended,311310,21064673,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Amp,It's just POTBS with better graphics and a non functional map.What a waste of potential.
76561198061616913,Not Recommended,311310,21088684,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,21st Rct. Rockzo,"Don't waste your time.Naval Action is not ready for early access. Instead of adding much needed basic features to the game - such as a UI - they instead ruined what was once the most enjoyable aspect of the game: trading.In Naval Action, you are able to craft and sail the few ships that are available in game. A player had formerly been incentivized to explore and capture ports to find resources, make deals with other players, and steal ships to rob them of their parts. I suspect that this challenge was removed because the developers theorized that the playerbase is leaving due to the lack of progress that players experience. However, the game is not fun in the absense of a challenge and players like myself are leaving due to the game's volatility and nonsensical changes.There are only three things you can do in Naval Action:1) Stare at a featureless port UI screen2) Wander around a not-to-scale open world ocean (feels like you're sailing a remote-controlled toy)3) Fight in instanced battles, usually against AI"
76561198021663544,Not Recommended,311310,22899895,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Turbostoep,"You cant capture npc ships , only traders . Even on the PVE server . For a game like this imo this is a huge letdown. Stopped playing once this was implemented (early april)"
,Not Recommended,311310,31980792,Posted: 26 May,all,Marvin,"Nearly 1000 hours down the pan just to start all over again. Finally I have to give up on this game.Thought I would still try to stick with it but the latest update/wipe has completely ruined the game, this is now one massive grind. I like to operate solo and I like to trade, but this is now impossible with this update. The PVP server gives you risk this is what I like but I would have to play for ages/years to get the mats, blueprints, permits etc to be able to even get a half decent trader ship.One of the most important resources coal is now only available at a few ports and any resource you require to build a ship you need to have an outpost, It has lost all its fun, adventure and yes some risk, don't even get me started on the cost of cannons.Well done devs how to kill a game in one update."
76561198304313028,Recommended,311310,28921899,Posted: 1 January,all,Sequoia1228,"It's a good game. It is fun but it takes a while to learn. I see a lot of bad revews but a lot of them are for little things. When buying this game you have to remember that it is early access and that not everything is completed yet. This is a game that not everybody would like, it does have a lot of grind and it is not always fast paced, but I would reccomend it to anybody who has time to focus on the game that they are playing."
,Not Recommended,311310,21041851,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,spybaz,I paid $40 for this but I have no idea what I'm supposed to be doing. Not even a hint of a titorial included. I watched some YouTube vids and they give little indication what you are supposed to doing and how. Maybe they'll add some sort of indication of what you are supposed to do in the future (tutorial) but until then I have uninstalled this....waste of $40.
,Not Recommended,311310,21002904,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Outlaw,Needs content you can only kill so many ships before it gets old. The market is a joke only like 2 items that actally trade.
,Not Recommended,311310,21091338,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,qintil,Asia server please
76561198025417875,Not Recommended,311310,22164547,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,urielventis,"As long as the community is so dumb and elitist, the wonderfull work of the devellopers is wasted for normal players."
76561198094708089,Not Recommended,311310,28658021,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,codylieuallen,this game could be such a great game but not at all what I thought it would be. I do not recommend this game
76561198028178478,Not Recommended,311310,22864955,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Joseph,Has a great look but lacked in the areas were most games thrive takes far to long to due a single quest in this game and wish it had a better in game chat cant say i would not play it as a free to play but the only thing i can say is steam refund was the only thing i enjoy about this game maby someday the game will be worth a second look fill free to try for yourselfs tho i did .
76561198002376502,Recommended,311310,26466028,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,kingonads,"After several hundred hours in this game I can say most of the negative reviews like so many written by the children on Steam.  Are ones written by people who dont bother to notice the game is in Early Access or more commonly called BETA.   Which is a testing phase not an actual release state for the game.  They expect this instant action 15 minutes of cannon balls and sword swinging Pirates of the Carribean style game... well they are not only wrong but ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly wrong.The fact is the game is by far the best age of sail game I have played in a VERY long time.  Is it fast paced, hell no.. is it easy to learn not really.  But it isnt the most complex game I have ever played, that honor still goes to Falcon BMS.   But it is by far one of the best looking and most well done age of sail games out there.   While it still ahs work to be done and is far from release.   But it is shaping up to be one of 2016s best games.In short, if you bought this game thinking World of Warships arena fights, you are wrong, give the game to someone who would appreciate it and just leave quitely."
76561198069350614,Recommended,311310,28866730,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Viper116,This game is really fun really your only choice for realistic age of sail combat so if your into that sort of thing id go for it.I have more hours into this game than any other game i own only thing that comes close is arma 3 and we know thats saying something.
,Recommended,311310,26471297,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DerOkon,"I really struggled whether i would recommend this game or not.For now I would still recommend the game itself, but only if you have a lot time on your hands.Also pay close attention to the reviews. The ratio of downvotes is off by far regarding the negative reviews, but best make up your own mind.Here is my approach:☸ ☠☠☠ Introduction ☠☠☠ ☸Starting in 2003 with Pirates of the Caribbean by Bethesda with I was obsessed by sailing games. Although the game got the franchise forced on it - which you really could feel - I was hooked from the first minute on. On the lookout for some mods to make the experience some kind smoother, it was Naval Action which caught my attention instead. The time I discovered it was still in greenlight status and yet I was eager to play it from the looks of the impressive pictures.I started my journey in Naval Action in early February and sank a bunch of hours so here is my attempt to give you an overview of the game BUT let me tell you from the start:If you are short on Playtime each day, this game might not be the one for you.☸ ☠☠☠ Gameplay ☠☠☠ ☸The grind to the top is hard and time-consuming but working your way up you learn more and more about the game - cooperating with other players helps immensely. It has a very steep learning curve and no ingame-tutorial whatsoever. You will have to look up quite a bit of things but the community ingame is mostly helpful as well - as long as you dont ask about very basics. And if you let it happen you will meet a lot of nice people collaborating.general:- Age of Sail | sandbox sailing simulator- a sandbox game, and will require you to make your own fun.- mostly clanbased niche-game / rather unfit for casual players- dynamic and slow paced action- player-driven economy- vast openworld-map of the Caribbean with close to 400 harbours- as close to realism as possible in battles and sailing- basic crafting system so far- various ships from 7th to 1st rate- no fancy UI so far- unfinished but work in progress descriptionspro:- Sweet Graphics and Soundeffects- plenty possibilities ingame: Trading and Crafting, Missions (PvE), Duels and battles (PvP)- rare but epic and relentless battles- various possiblities for cooperating with other playerscon:- little to none Endgame-Content- very repetitive (portbattles and missions)- long journeys with nothing to do- combat can take a long time and end in chases up to 1,5 hrs- AI sometimes has unfair advantages- shrinking Playerbase and therefore less PvP- crafting is extremely time consuming atm (It is already beeingreworked)☸ ☠☠☠ Community ☠☠☠ ☸Coming to NA I was never really the “clan person” but Naval Action showed me how nice it can be. Since you sometimes have a lot of time to kill sailing for a staging, missions or trading it can be fun just talking to other players. A clan is no must-have but it definitely brings more possibilities to the game. Most of the nations also have common Teamspeaks where you can meet up and organize with other players.general:- different ingame chat-channels for different matters ( nation, global, help, ...)- very active forum- most nations have set up TS for collaboratingpro:- Mostly helpful players ingame and on the forums- chat and forums are monitored and toxic players are dealt withcon:- Few active players☸ ☠☠☠ Development ☠☠☠ ☸Naval action is developed by a small team, so dont expect a high pace of developent. BUT the game is formed by the active help of the community.general:- one of the best Age of sail games with a lot of potential- work-in-progress / active development- sometimes drastic changes- sometimes one step forward, two steps back- sometimes groundbreaking new content- expect changes both good and badpro:- content is getting updated frequently- Constant contact with the playerbase- Open for criticism and suggestions- mods and devs have a open ear for problems regarding the game and its mechanicscon:- few content in the last patches- patch notes have few details- no really clear agenda atm- devs are sometimes too emotional interacting with players☸ ☠☠☠ Conclusion ☠☠☠ ☸Do you like being part of an evolving game in early access, like to try new content every month (or so), you can spare the 40 bucks and like the Age of Sail you should definitely give Naval Action a shot. But be warned you will have to sink a lot of hrs into this game to actually achieve something and expect changes both good and bad.The devs have somewhat like aplanbut seem to priorize different matters never the less each patch. I would advise to wait a few month before you actually buy and see how it plays out. I hope they will eventually get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.UPDATE:As for the patch 10.4 I would still recommend the game itself but not in the current status since its insanely difficult to catch up for new players right now:- Closed Rookiearea as a huge Plus. BUT:- At the moment the market is flooded with gold again which makes everything absurldy expensive for new players.- PvP is a ganking fest - mostly consists of either ganking or beeing ganked.I still really like the game, but i wouldn't recommend it to new players at the moment. Changes come and go in Early Access so this review will be updated eventually. The devs announced a switch to Unity 5, so i would probably wait for that. If you are looking for commitment you should definitely give it a shot tho."
76561198033526768,Not Recommended,311310,21044635,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,FDJPL,"The game is more MMO than say a World of Warships and it's not play to win in any way.  All good right?No it has no end game besides faction battle on the PvP servers between factions, none on the PvE side at all.  Crafting in game is the same formula used 20 years ago.  So what you have is an MOBA  pretending to be an MMO with limited arena battles, all battle are instanced.  Gets dull after about 100 hours of play.On PvP it's already devolved into a few Mega clans that work together mostly doing PvE battle vs NPC cities.The game is one of the best looking Unity engine games to date but, it's never going to blow your mind and like all Unity games it makes your GPU work harder than it should for what you get.If that is enough to buy it, you will be happy otherwise move on."
76561198311010025,Recommended,311310,34271955,Posted: 16 August,all,Khronus,The game is fun if you can stomach the grind. It takes awhile to become combat effective but well worth the wait. There's a lot of politics involved and drama but that actually adds to the experience. Get together with a guild and you'll get caught up faster. This game will really draw you in. You'll either love it or you won't. Simple as that.
76561198147196575,Recommended,311310,31342332,Posted: 24 April,all,Backupsbackup,"Excellent game. It's slow paced, so be prepared. I play it while I'm reading, cooking, or just relaxing with some music on. The Devs tend to make good on their word, which is nice. Because of the style of the game it tends to have a community that's pleasent, for the most part (there are a determined few.) @NavalActionDevs . . . a Dutch ship would be cool if you have the time."
76561198045333132,Not Recommended,311310,32660389,Posted: 22 June,all,Chex 86,trash
,Recommended,311310,27278564,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Budgie Man,"great game, started from the bottom and working my way up to bigger crews and bigger ships"
,Not Recommended,311310,21955891,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,DemonofRazgriz [Blaze],Before I bought this game I read a review about how this game isn't being handled properly in Early Access. In my opinion this game is too early access. When you are docked and look at the main screen it is nothing but a solid blue background with menus all over the place. There is no tutorial at all so you have no idea what is what and what does what. When you leave port yes you are able to control your ship but even though I was using a small one it felt like it was moving too fast to be real. As for the map the game goes for a realistic way to use the map as in you aren't shown where you are on it. All of this within 12 minutes of game time. I would say let this one sit till it improves.
76561198006124165,Not Recommended,311310,23657104,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Bellowoods,"Nearly 40 euro.You get thrown into the game without any real idea about what to do or even how to do it.Couldn't even get refund after only playing for an hour.Can't say I would recommend it in it's current state. Only wish I could get my money back.EDIT:Ok sorry, I wrote that in a hurry.I'm not mad about not getting the refund. It's more about them charging 40 euros for a EARLY ACCESS game. For 40 euro's I expected a whole lot more from this than it currently has to offer.I mean, I'm sure they will (hopefully) make a good game out of this and then I already own it since I can't refund. I'm simply saying: DON'T BUY IT RIGHT NOWI will of course keep an eye on it, especially since I can't refund and may eventually change this review to a thumbs up."
76561198022799275,Not Recommended,311310,21907905,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Benkob,Have seen this done better in fact I have seen this done a lot better.  Don't imagine this will be clogging my HD for a lot longerVery disappointed
76561198004365809,Recommended,311310,21974999,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,A British Bank isrun w Precision,This game has one of the best communities I've ever seen. Least toxic by far.
,Not Recommended,311310,21777283,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Ayo,10/10 matchmaking.
76561197992084764,Recommended,311310,24282361,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,rMp,Very nice game for a beta. Beautiful ships and fights are legend.. wait for it... dary !!!
76561198039726046,Not Recommended,311310,23769083,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Burnt Toast,"UI is garbage, even for early access. Wait till they make some major changes, then try."
76561198007237253,Recommended,311310,21942273,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,paolmir,"I love this game. Still EA but graphic is beautiful, physics are great and brillant community.Highly recommended."
76561198030115861,Recommended,311310,22102680,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Cactusjuggler™,"This game is really one of the games that I've enjoyed the most over the past few years. I love how the sailing age has finaly got a game that takes it seriously. The ship models are second to none, and I love how the game is under constant development.The majority of the people complaining about this game, complain about the lack of player influence over the game. To you people: let the people who actually know what they are doing, do the development.I recommend this game. Be ready for alot of grinding, but when you get there, when you reach your goal, you'll feel like you actually acomplished something."
76561198284915505,Recommended,311310,23839375,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ssbn627g,Incredible game!  Very addicting and as real as it can possibly be!  Historically accurate.
,Recommended,311310,21285885,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Deckhard/Padishar,"Difficult but rewarding. You don't need to know a bunch about sailing to get good at this game, but it certainly won't hurt you to know either.The statement that it's some kind of professional simulator is a bit silly, but it's got some nice physics and mechanics for combat.Manual aiming of guns and option to command a broadside or fire each cannon in sequence. The details they put into the models even though it's in Alpha/Early Access is impressive.The game is visually pleasing in my opinion. Though I imagine they'll improve it as time goes on.The devs put out a lot of content regularly and try to communicate with the players. Does not seem like they'll just leave once they get tired of listening to us complain.Only downside that I can see is that it takes a long time to do some simple stuff. Some folks would rather see some more immediate action, but it's not impossible (or uncommon for that matter) to go for a 30 minute span looking for a fight but finding none.PvE is the majority of my experience because I'm on a PvE server, but you get to keep your experience you earn (just not the equipment/gold/crafting levels/ships) when you swap to the PvP server.Navigation requires you to understand how to use a compass and map in concert. There is NO map marker to tell you where you are and there is not indicator besides a general marker on the map for where your mission will be taking place.Overall I recommend this game because it's very fun and somewhat addictive. Leveling is a chore, but frankly I like that because it's better than everyone being in high end ships all the time. The sense of achievement is good."
76561198035385259,Recommended,311310,23006437,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,jinli,Similar to EVE online in terms of mature community and politics. Fantastic game!
76561198034429989,Not Recommended,311310,25479426,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,toexxx2000,cool concept but that sea battle part is simple.  turn boat shoot.  I wouldnt spend the 40 bucks again if I had to do it again.  Every battle has been against something atleast 2x larger than what im able to get.  Lose ship in undog fight.  start over.  Sucks but sucks more when u get stuck in the midle of the battle in the ocean like u hit land and ur enemy who is atleast 2x larger does circles around you killing your tiny boat.  maybe it will get better
,Not Recommended,311310,33863613,Posted: 28 July,all,Minty :(,"40 US DOLLARS, for a game I played 40 minutes for and got ganked by people as soon as I left port."
,Not Recommended,311310,33838435,Posted: 27 July,all,I'am A Crying Cat,well i had this game a long time ago and it sucked boring as heck and would always get rekt right after i left the port.This game sucks play another one
,Not Recommended,311310,29255408,Posted: 14 January,all,Winters,Naval action is a fantastic naval combat simulator but it is still lacking.
76561198035380571,Recommended,311310,23099744,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,shinlore,A truly wonderful game.  Constant development and changes as the devs listen to community feedback and work to create what something that will be even more wonderful on release.Good cross nation drama and tension adds to the enjoyment. Eve players will enjoy this game!
76561198109327374,Not Recommended,311310,24981047,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,shadow_vipergts,Developers dont have a clue. They constantly release terrible patchs. Basically dont buy or play this game unless you are willing to devote your entire life to playing it.
,Recommended,311310,22699183,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,badnesso,10/10 Best chat room sim on steam.
76561197987919465,Recommended,311310,20947639,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,KAK1000,"Bought the game... now i have scurvy, i live in a strict diet of rum and liqourice pips, I've grown a big beard and some sort of bird it sitting on my shoulder now.All in all, it's a great tame."
,Not Recommended,311310,25025578,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Danger Dangle,"It was a waste of money.These updates are just for show. Way too much rebalancing with stats going on, while the level of content and crappy UI are still suffering. The player base is absurdely low as well. And don't even think about playing as anything other than England or the US, the other nations are beyond under populated. It really doesn't feel like the game has gone anywhere AT ALL in the last year since I've owned it. Yet it's still a $40 Early Access title... which is laughable in its own right.It feels like this ship is sinking.EDIT: Oh look, another 1.9 mb update. At this rate it'll be another 2 years before we have a single gigabyte of substantial content.EDIT: And a 4.4 mb update."
,Recommended,311310,24437516,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Pendleboredton,"On the one hand, this game is still very much in development. On the other, 10/10 would purge Caribbean again."
76561197979701604,Recommended,311310,23765086,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Windexx,The best Naval game ever!The game keeps getting better with each update
76561198023866085,Recommended,311310,21096434,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Xhepnon 7,Upwind simulator 2016
76561197967505604,Recommended,311310,22021218,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,murf,"I haven't been playing long and I'm still levelling up my characters on both the PVP and PVE servers.Although it's an early access game, Naval Action is already a great game which can only get better.The graphics are very pretty. I like the idea of having a PVE server where I can relax and learn the game without fear of being ganked.The game is a bit like Pirates of the Burning Sea with much better graphics and way better battle mechanics. All in all my money was well spent."
,Recommended,311310,22959257,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Tate,"If you love the age of sail or a slowwer paced game this is great. A few things bug me about this game mainly being that 1st rates are what win wars, if your nation can't bring 25 1st rates to a port battle you may as well not go, I know the devs are working on a fix for this problem though. The grind isn't as bad as it used to be and the AI have been fixed aswell. The devs have said they will support and add content to this game as long as there are players playing it which I hope will be for a long time. All in all I give Naval action a 8 out of 10 and that will go up as more things are added to the game."
76561198024865189,Recommended,311310,23324333,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,S7eve,You get to sink French people.
,Recommended,311310,21991430,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Shit the bed,"It's a very expensive game, especially for one in Alpha that has a long way to go. However the main gameplay mechanics like combat, PVP, trading and crafting are already well implemented, especially the first two, which are the highlight of Naval Action and why I think the money isn't wasted if you can afford to buy it and are interested in such a game. There is PVP and PVE servers, but I can't see the point of playing a game like this on a PVE server, so those patient and interested in the high risk reward, heart pounding PVP battles, are who I recommend this to the most.EVE online is the game that comes to my mind when comparing Naval Action with another game, but in my opinion, while it is an alpha, has gameplay mechanics that are a lot more intelligent than EVE online, which has problems with getting people into the game, stagnant PVP and imperialism etc. Those who liked the idea of EVE and found it either too complex, or wanted more direct control over their ships and combat, will also enjoy Naval Action, so I recommend it for those also.The main problem with the game right now aside from the lack of content is the terrible UI. It's not only the fact it is laid out so poorly they must have tried to make it that bad, but also how slow it is. Buying something quite literally takes 10 seconds for the server to register that you have made a purchase, which is just absurd, this is also the case for when crafting things. Crafting a ship in this game for example, takes ages, because you might have all the stuff, but you have to craft multiple things, each time taking 10 seconds for the server to register your commands. They also have sliders to choose how many of a certain thing you want to craft at a single time, except they cap out at a really small number, like making 16 ingots at a time, added with the stupid 10 second delay, it takes a very long time to process a lot of ore.Dev team are a bit weird, but I guess that is Ukranians/Russians for you, they are pretty quiet in their development, nobody really knows what is going on, what is coming and whether or not their suggestions are being considered. I'm not one of those people that think Early Access is a place for developers to create a game based solely off what the selfish loud rabble are demanding, but more insight into what they are planning would be nice. Also development is most certainly not fast enough at this point, especially considering the core game is clearly well implemented at its base.I'm certainly enjoying my time, and I'm confident I will get my money worth, at this point I'm already aproaching 40 hours played and have no intention of stopping yet, I just have to hope they don't stuff it up like Early Access game developers often do."
,Recommended,311310,21992789,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,ThrottleFox,"If you like naval games from this era with a little realisim. Then buy this game, a little bit of a learning curve but the game is great. there's a PvE server for those who don't wish to pvp and 3 PvP servers for those who do."
76561198007925024,Recommended,311310,35115810,Posted: 21 September,all,Cdog,"I have played this game for more than 2600 hours almost exclusively.  It is not too much to say that I am truly obsessed by it.  I like the fact that it allows many different styles of play  such as naval battles, capturing ships and cargo, trading, and ship crafting.  Whether you want to stay in the relatively safe pve server, or the more precarious environment of the pvp server, there is a place for you.  You can always play on both servers.  Just remember that it is in alpha stage of development, and changes will occur before release."
76561198046213569,Recommended,311310,35270116,Posted: 28 September,all,Admiral,"Preface :I've only played the player vs environment server of this game. So if you're looking for a player vs player review I'd ask you look somewhere else.With that out of the way, I would 100% recommend this game.Introduction :This is a game who is very good at showing the age of the fighting sail in all its glories. Set in the 18th century and in the Napoleonic era. This game features the many naval powers in the Caribbeans.It has a stunning mechanic in terms of Combat and also a great sense of realism.Pros:If you've ever watched Master and Commander the Far Side of the world, and really enjoyed naval history and lore as well as  the combat mechanics of the fighting sail. This would be the game for you.1. Very realistic naval combat of the fighting sail.2. No pay to win mentality you have to earn your commission as a naval officer should.3. Very very good trading system that encourages open world Market trading.4. High levels of reward for combat actions5. Gorgeous graphics and scenery in Battle and sometimes out of battle.6. Wonderful gaming community happy to help junior players.Cons:1. Open world sailing takes a very long time2. Almost no tutorial for players who are starting and must rely on YouTube or other players.3. Very steep learning curve.4. Daily one hour server maintenance.5. Not for casual gamers (which to me is a pro)Sunmary:A fantastic game with an excellent combat mechanic, fantastic for history Buffs and those who love the fighting sail era, the lack of microtransactions mean that you have to earn your rank and earn your experience resulting in much better gameplay and much smarter gamers.Travelling or shall we say sailing takes a serious amount of time that most dislike however for those who enjoy the immersion this would be golden for you.If I must put a score I would rate this game 8.5 out of 10.(This is not a game for those casual players who just want to sit back spend about an hour and expect large amount to reward. And honestly if you are that type of gamer, play on your mobile phone.  if you're playing a PC game you should know that the Grind is life. But I assure you it is well worth the grind)"
76561198128991371,Recommended,311310,20714947,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bound Man,It's a Great game. Although for my computer it lagged quiet a bit and crashed often. I can't wait to purchase the full game when it comes out. The stuff I was able to play was very good! To the dev's keep up the good work!
76561198067263503,Recommended,311310,20797362,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,DANY LING,I guess its good
76561198137347904,Recommended,311310,21510686,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Cpl Westy,"Ordered to capture or sink a pirate vessel. Blasted mercilessly with grape until only one pirate was left. Lone pirate managed to simultaneously steer ship, furl sails, and haul down his colours. Realism: 5/5."
76561198020523940,Recommended,311310,21379850,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,providence.77,"This is the tall ship game i have waiting for. Ive been buying pretty much every age of sail game i could get my hands on for the last 10 years or so, but none of them really satisfied.  Even in it's unpolished state, Naval Action is a thing of beauty. I would HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who loves the genre. Simply put..if you love the age of sail games, this will be the crown jewel of your collection.Also, dont be intimidated by the UI and lack of tutorial. If you have played any tall ship games before, most of it will be very intuitive for you. Plus, its EA (early access) so things will only get better (if that were possible)  :)"
,Recommended,311310,20756910,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Kusvak,10/10
,Recommended,311310,24881755,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Autistic_Austin_:3,very beutyful ships along with amazing graphics for the ships best ship simulation game i know of
,Recommended,311310,21153898,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Dovafox,"Pretty good for an early access game, although it has been in alpha 1 year prior to this early access release.Nonetheless, pretty amazing for an open world game. The grinding has been all over though, the UI is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥but the gameplay is where it stands at its best. You could actually feel the quality over quantity on the ship battles, because numerous times I have had for example 5 more basic cutters (first ship) than the other team, but gets destroyed by a 3rd rate. That just tells you how powerful the expensive and big ships really are, it's quite scary to face one of these in small or large battles.This game has port battles which I haven't come through yet because of me ranking incredibly slowly in 80 hours. You'd probably not spend as much time to get up in rank, but for me it's been a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥So in conclusion, if you have a lot of spare time you could try play this game, especially if you are interested in naval warfare. I am saying this again, the grinding is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198026804570,Recommended,311310,23921964,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Razz85dk,"I have only been playing this for a few hours so far, and it's still early access = many bugsbut so far this game seems to be what i have dreamt of for a long time. Yes battles are slow and tend to be very time consuming. its tough to navigate the open sea. but that just seem to work for this game, it requires alot of thinking, and you have to pay attention to everything you pass to have any idea where you are. wind makes for alot of chalenges too, both in and out of battles. the cannons arent particularly accurate ( pretty hard to hit anything unless you get very close ) and it all just works to make this game fun, interesting and challenging and so much more than the standard arcade like games we usually see these days.so far i am excited to see where this game is going, and i hope you all try it and give it some real time before you make up your mind about it.Good luck and fair seas"
76561198275803573,Recommended,311310,23934752,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Captain_Doogie,"As a veteran of ""Age of Sail"" and ""Privateers Bounty"" I can say these guys have created the ultimate Sailing game !People complain about stuff , I have complained myself early on but the overall product I am playing now( Commodore , Gold Pavel) is remarkable !! Have not seen the new patch yet , 9.9 but look forward to salt and tobacco .KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK DEVS !"
76561198006738161,Recommended,311310,23632127,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Madman,"It's a great game!Pro's1. The most realistic 17th -18th century naval warfare you will find.2. Graphics are extremely good.3. Long travel times!  This can be a turn off, but for me, it filters out the in patients kids from the game.  If you are willing to sail for an hour just to get a location, that means you are patient and determined and that's who I want to play with.3. Wide range of ships.  Again, they all look fantastic.4. Not even close to being finished yet and it's still a very playable game.Con's.1. It's an alpha game, not even close to being done.   If you want a finished game wait for release.This is more like a simulator.  Which is exactly why I love it!Do not take away the long travel times please!"
76561198009273896,Recommended,311310,21789454,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,justchillin654,"Great game, only getting better"
76561198122190244,Recommended,311310,21802909,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Brianlin321,"This is my favorite game! Even though it's early access it has alot of content, gameplay, and nice graphics."
,Recommended,311310,22320525,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Woof115,"This is the most promising early access game other than Rodina or Space Engineers that I've seen. The UI is a little janky at the moment, but in future versions I expect it to be perfected, just like the rest of the game."
76561198085931471,Recommended,311310,21808763,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Renan,Absolutely Astonishing.
76561198218825023,Recommended,311310,23988959,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,johnnelly4,"This game is great, no complaints."
,Recommended,311310,24002040,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Gold Man Sacks,"They have been focusing on battle mechanics a bit too much at the expense of everything else and there are plenty of bugs/exploits etc, but thats no reason to give this great game a bad review, especially since its in alpha and there is plenty of change to come.  Aside from its problems, once this game is finished if its properly supported it will be by far one of the best naval games out there, if not the best."
76561197994002508,Recommended,311310,20900863,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,guso,NA IS AMAZING BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT
76561197985674460,Recommended,311310,20937647,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Wildezt,Love this game!!
76561198161661130,Recommended,311310,21041359,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Eric Harris,"Great game with a supportive and helpful community. However, it may seem very hard and scary at first, after a few minutes of playing you get the rough idea."
,Recommended,311310,21116021,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,diggydirt1982,Great!
,Recommended,311310,21049465,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,kaffegrums,"If you're interested in the ""Age of Sails"" era and the large cannon-fitted sailing ships of that time, this game is worth your time and money.The open world map is very large, it stretches from Bermuda in north to the Colombian harbours in the south. From the entire Mexican Gulf in the west to the easternmost Caribbean islands in the east. Traversing the map from one end to the opposite would take at least an hour maybe two, depending on wind direction and ship capability.While the UI is clearly a placeholder at the moment, the ships and water are beautiful and the physics of the game seems realistic, balanced and functional for the most part.I like the business model too; paying a full price for the game and coming patches is better than a Free-to-Play game with micro transactions (essentially pay-to-win) like we see in soo many games now.Please keep in mind that nothing comes from nothing, developers need to live and eat too!"
76561197964370184,Recommended,311310,21107113,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Viperar,"This game is great. I will mention that it is Alpha right now and its basically down to either fighting or trading/crafting. The best part about this game is you can decide what you want to do, adapt your own strategies against ships, and the overall freedom of a large map at your disposal. The community is mature and seems to be helpful. Being able to take ports from other nations, and having it affect the economy and politics of the map is great.There have already been alliances made between nations and clans within the game. Player driven economy and conquest really makes this game great.I truly hope the devs stick to this game because the potential for a good naval action game is already in place. Great start!"
,Recommended,311310,26139795,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,danimalcox,"Great fun! There is a bit of a learning curve but there is plenty of imformation on Youtube and various forums to get you going, as well as the various chat channels in game.  The ships and water look wonderful. I personally dont like the style they used for the buildings along North and South Carolina but thats just me. They are well done, I just dont like them."
76561197973664976,Recommended,311310,20783004,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,mdennis1point1,"Beautiful, The foundations have been laid. And now we wait for the brick, and furnishings to arrive. I believe it will be and updated version of pirates of the burning sea. With more ports, more nations to play, and much larger world. Travel times can be long. But that will increase its longevity.  Id say grab it while you can."
,Recommended,311310,20663058,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Tywin Lannister,Great Game.
76561198002237272,Recommended,311310,21031277,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,AMcGee87,This game is the most fun. I have had in an mmo in a long time. It's amazing game with so much to do and a lot of fun. If you love the age of sail ships this is the game for you.
,Recommended,311310,20747900,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,angelosnau,"If you like naval warfare in the age of sail, then this is a must."
76561198007844234,Recommended,311310,20770688,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Lozt,10/10Would suicide dive a Brig with my starter ship and win again..1/30 UPDATEAfter putting some hours into the game I can say I am very pleased with the slower progression. If you are hoping for a game you that you will have the best ship in a few hours pass this one up. But if you like a game that will take 100+ hours to even be halfway... BUY NOW!!
76561198007247563,Recommended,311310,21020474,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Silas,"Nice game, nice figures good gameplay. Immersive graphics. It still has some work to do, but it is really an astonishing game, the best I've ever tried regarding naval simulation by far."
,Recommended,311310,21315589,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Long Beard,"So it's time to change my review since I'm now 800+ hours into this game.I have pretty much experienced all the game has to offer, and I have to say Naval Action is my game. It's my Star Wars Galaxies, my Eve Online, and every other game I've played over the years that has sucked me in to become an obsession.Let me be blunt. Naval Action falls into the marmite category in that you will either love it or hate it depending on what you look for in a PC MMO.  It is NOT a game for people who want instant fast paced action. It's not a game for kids, and it's not a game for those who don't have even a slight interest in 18th century naval warfare.It IS a game for the more mature gamer who enjoys a PVP game that has moments of inactivity (sailing) with burst of exciting naval combat with opposing players. The ships are beautiful and combat is very realistic.I've read all the recent negative reviews about this game having no end game content. Frankly I find this absurd. The end game 'content' quite simply is PVP. These guys have rushed to get in the biggest ships then wonder why people run from their 1st rate fleet. Their ego limits their ability to get out of their first rates and into something more PVP focused. In addition, they forgotten that this is an ALPHA game with much of the content still in development.The other comments I read are about chat bans. As a 41 year old gamer, I've seen it all. Many MMO's have such a toxic community, it can be enough to put you off playing the game. NA on the other hand have a low tolerance attitude towards toxic idiots who have gotten it into their heads that due to the anonymity of the internet, can say and do what they like without fear of consequence. In naval action, such idiots are quickly dealt with leaving the rest of us rational and respectful players to get on with the game without having to deal with the drama queens.  Seriously folks, if you've been turned off a game because of its community, you'll find the NA community to be one of the most helpful and friendliest out there.So as a potential purchaser of Naval action, let me tell you about what you can expect.Once you get through the early stages of the game and get into a ship that has a role in combat, you will want to join a clan. NA is a social game and really it's all about the clan. Do your research, find a good one and I can promise you, you'll have a great time.  Once you are sailing with your clan, your world of possibilities opens up, and you'll spend a lot of your time going out and either defending your own waters against enemy players who try to harass your countrymen, or you'll go to their waters and try to harass theirs.  PVP is usually never hard to find.For the PVE'ers, there is content for you here too, but I can imagine without PVP, it will become repetitive fast. PVP is were it's at!Like EVE online, NA has it's interesting politics. You'll no doubt find a nemesis, that guy you are determined to catch and sink.  There's lots of personalities out there, and you could be one too. Being 'famous' is all part of the attraction of NA, just like the real sea captains of the time.  For me, it's these clashes of personalities ad egos that makes this game so much fun.At £29.99, in terms of fun per investment, I can tell you with my 800+ hours in this game, It's given me approximately 790 more hours of fun than AAA The Division at almost double the price."
,Recommended,311310,21324888,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Exes | LFT | pl4ym4k3r,Love it!
76561198071720816,Recommended,311310,21550828,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,k.fazackarley,love this game graphics gorgeous steep learning curve but great game to play
,Recommended,311310,24991854,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,EasyFragDK,"I have been a tester, on alot of ALPLHA's and BETA's, and this game, is by fare, the most complete ALPHA, I have had the pleasure of playing.The graphics are stunning.The game play is brilliant.The community is being listened to.Ofc there are some fine tunning, but compared to other games, that has been release, this is ""finished""."
,Recommended,311310,20747967,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Lulucat,Very fun game.The current ocean is scaled to like you can see 2 big lands from very far at the same time. That's fake.I wish the ocean could be bigger. Better make it take me days to travel from one land to another.
,Recommended,311310,20699833,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Yetteh,Woah!This is an amazing game. Very detailed open world sailing game.
76561198023440502,Recommended,311310,21032922,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,h2berzins,I'ts OKJust keep in mind that this is definetly not a fast paced game
,Recommended,311310,20687893,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,✫Bunnyman5✫,Runs Better than DayZ 10/10
,Recommended,311310,21396467,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Solaire,"Absolutely love this game, it's so beautiful."
76561198012768683,Recommended,311310,20759085,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Tyr,"Awsome game I love it and can see myself spending endless hours on it once it is improved a bit, but I dont recommend buying until they impliment a system where  When you start a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fight you can block outside access or people are forced to request permission to join, otherwise you just get ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s comming into combat and stealing ships you've spent the entire battle wearing down for capture just to lose it to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that did nothing and joined later, or they dont listen and sink it..."
,Recommended,311310,21381943,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Rapture,"This game has been amazing from the start. The UI is still a work-in-progress since it's early access. The gameplay is great! If you've ever wanted Sid Meier's Pirates! to be an open-world MMO with many players and factions across a large server, this is it! Def worth the money I've invested. 10/10."
,Recommended,311310,21536128,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Daykiss,"This game is one of the smoothest Alphas I've played. What it occasionally lacks in content it makes up for in game mechanics. Naval combat is realistic, fair and most importanly skill based. The map is giant; it takes hours to sail from one end to the other (upwards of 10 hours I hear). Naval combat itself is the core of the game; there is not much to do other than fight NPCs or other players. There is a level progression system that allows you to unlock bigger and better ships (if you have the gold). This progression eventually leads to the possibility of having giant battleships that are rarely seen. A second part of the game is crafting which is relatively straightforward, but very rewarding as it leads to the ability to craft ships that have unique stats which you can sell or sail for yourself. And don't worry, if your hard earned ship is sunk due to pirates or another country's fleet attacking you, you get 4 more chances with that same ship before it is permanently gone. Lastly, one of my favorite mechanics is the ability to board and commandeer a ship, which at times can be an effective way to make gold.Pros:*Excellent/realistic naval combat*Quite a large amount of ship customization*A large variety of ships (with more to come)*Very skill oriented game*Has some nice ambienceCons:*Requires patience and time*The UI has Alpha written all over it*Skill gap may be overwhelming to some*Sometimes you run out of things to do if you are tired of naval combat"
76561198054880336,Recommended,311310,21317004,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Faultier,Great Gamelike a playable endurance test
76561198126704434,Recommended,311310,24910664,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The Hedge,"Great naval sailing game, constant improvements and great graphics. Slightly daunting to begin with but after a while you'll find ur feet and get going. Slow to get into combat but this game rewards patience and tactics. Best bits are the ships and ship models. HMS Suprise is worth the grind for.  Keep the good work up!"
,Recommended,311310,22419180,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ChainedDragon,love it and can see its only going to git better
,Recommended,311310,22610967,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,☭ Kerillian ☭,fun watching people drown10/10
76561197999586592,Recommended,311310,21429032,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,EL Capitano,"Best Naval Game Ever, Still in Early Alpha so be aware of that, well worth the money though"
76561198008950144,Recommended,311310,21323719,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,peanutpc,"very good game, Al is very good also, leveling up seams a bit slow but has good quilty.seas could be a little more rough during storms but seams ok at this time.ships are well made and the size fts the class of ship.battles are fun and can be even hard during muilty ship clashes.building is good with many ways to complete projects.I like the capture of enemy ships, just need to be able to send them to base port with there cargo.good game overall. looking forward tio upgrades and add-ons."
76561198063708774,Recommended,311310,22277555,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Gibby,"I love this game!I got it as a game to play during the spring break. I couldnt put it down, and after one week I had over 80 hours played.Yes there are some things, alot of the things that I would like fixed or changed.But overall I can honestly say that I am thrilled with the experience I have had so far, regardless of the game being early access.Would i recomend this game?I say that If you are willing to interact with people and form freindships, accept that the game will have its bugs, and have the patience for an early access game, then yes 1000% yes I recomend this game."
,Recommended,311310,21181323,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Syrian Lanister,"Well... I thought I heard the old man say, ""Leave her Johnny. Leave her. It's a long hard pull to the next payday... unless you find compass wood.""It's still in early access and looks great aside from the menus. Game play is pretty good. The only thing I dislike is how hard it is to get gold... almost like they went out of their way to make gild gain as realistic as they could... even though I dislike it, it's makes capturing ships a lot more worth while.I suggest assembling a Playlist of songs like those from AC Black Flag. Also play anything but pirates unless you enjoy watching your faction drown in power struggles."
76561198024232336,Recommended,311310,21188514,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,sandwij,"11/10For a game thats still in Alpha its superb.  Has very playable content with VERY few bugs.  Its immersing and fun, but most importantly its CHALLENGING!  Some people argue that its empty in terms of content and a 'grindy' game which is true  (hello?  Still in alpha!) but personally I don't mind the grind at all as every battle there is a good chance you will sink if fighting a bigger ship or even 2v1!  You can group up with friends or randoms and battle against large AI fleets that cruise the waters and have epic scale fights, or have a chill and do some trading and crafting.Not for the type of gamers who want to blow everything up and own at battles within 15 mins.  Takes a long time to master the mechanics or sailing and aiming effectively and each time you advance in rank and get a new ship you have to re-adjust your skills to fit the new speed/turn/gun placements.  The detail they have put into combat is fantastic, and you have to pay attention to a lot of factors to stay ahead of the enemy to win.  and for such an early game combat looks fab!If you liked cids pirates and such you'll love this game!"
76561198099165097,Recommended,311310,21230593,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,oldcrankyman,"Great game!  I looked and studied and pondered for a couple of weeks before I bought it.  I've had it for 36 hours and have logged 13 hours in game.  Not having a manual makes for some interesting oopses on my part, but I'm getting the hang of it, and it's a lot more satisfying to learn things the hard way.  So far, I've only played on the PVE server, but when I level up, I'll give PVP a try.Don't wait, buy it NOW."
76561198113776186,Recommended,311310,21805771,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Cipher,"It's kinda like a mix between Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag, having anal herpes and jacking off using tomato sauce as lube.Overall its pretty decent 7.8/10"
,Recommended,311310,23975891,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,what's better than blowing up ships?blowing up ships with friends.get this game to blow up enemy ships with your friends
76561198137584568,Recommended,311310,24228668,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mr Aziz,10/9
76561198052278491,Recommended,311310,23773975,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Goat Watcher,"Good game, really realistic. If you like ships and ""the age of sail"" stuff, this is for you. I've been playing for a week straight now."
76561198049687747,Recommended,311310,20708944,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,RekkrZerk,"Naval Action is an AMAZING game to play. Sailing the sea's hunting pirates with friends is such a great way, amongst many other ways, of playing the game."
76561197972496994,Recommended,311310,21873663,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Captain Vikingbeard,"I think I found my Game!First when I saw the price I wasn't sure I want to buy this Game, but now I know it was worth it. It has a great Community (Ingame).You can join different Factions like Great Britain, Spain, France, Dutch, Pirate and much more. There is a big open world map with many many Places. You can trade, plunder, boarding, fight each other, craft, lvling up and so on.The Sailing is not easy you have to learn it and that is one thing that I like on this Game. You need to set the Sails in the right direction to the Wind to go forward, otherwise you will not move.You can have many Outposts where you can storage your cargo and Vessels. But when another Fraction take over the Town where you have one of you Outposts your things on this Outpost will be lost. Even Your Ship (it doesn't matter how expensive it was) has a durability of 5. So your ship can sink 5 times until it's lost you need to get a new one or sail with the free basic cutter that you can buy in any Town.When you sail with your vessel on the Map it feels like that you are not alone on this map, it's full of life.I like this Game very much!I hope this Game will never be F2P because that will destroy the Community with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198007065494,Recommended,311310,21980728,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Pilious,I don't review alot of games but this one is a winner.  It gets so much right already and the development continues.  This is the greatest Age of Sail time period game currently on the market.I will warn you if you do not make a friend or 2 it's not the easiest game in the world but it is an online multiplayer game after all.
76561198081699309,Recommended,311310,21889892,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,supersixfive,"the game is a shame. so much bugs makes it unplayable. you dont your mission or you have to sail to the other end of the world, what makes the grind useless. suddenly i have two different nation capitals, while i am still sailing with the US flag.my recommendation is not to by it."
,Recommended,311310,21696198,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,d.Alphad115,">Sailed 10 hours into a random direction cause I have no idea how this game works>American Cptn. tells me I should head west towards land and then north or south>♥♥♥♥me.jpg>Friendly banter ensues in the help chat between pirates and America>plsnokill>2 days (ingame) worth of sailing west>HALLELUJAH LAND>SunBury port>check map>FML I literally spawned 4 hours worth of sailing North...>Enter port>noideawhatimdoing.jpg>enter small battle>noideawhatimdoing.jpg>figure♥♥♥♥♥♥out>2v2 come @ me I'm 1v1 rust veteran>do good dmg to enemy ships>teammate destroyes the othership while myship collides with the other>board that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥>5 min of fighting and I am victorious>♥♥♥♥ YEAH... all though still noideawhatimdoing.jpgMoral of the story, fun game, steep learning curve but worth it! (not saying I've learned all of it... quite the contrary)"
76561198092084409,Recommended,311310,21978399,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Auburnian26,Even though it has some bugs it is a great game in the making. Can only wait to see what it becomes. Put 15 hrs in just the first day.10/10
76561198025954659,Recommended,311310,21958236,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Nibbo,mint mate
76561198302007146,Recommended,311310,24001272,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Witch,"this game is amazing. it has a ways to go with development but each expansion makes it more fun to play. highly recommend it.the only thing that will kill it is if they close the usa server and merge with europe , that would be a huge mistake."
,Recommended,311310,26131319,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Lz3_,"Absolutely amazing game. With the new patch the economy is looking way better and lots of features that needed an overhaul have been edited positivley. I have yet to find any new negative implementations.Continue the greatness! By the way, thanks for talking with the community so much on the forums! That's absolutely essential and you're doing it right."
,Recommended,311310,21376003,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,LightMonk,"You enjoy old wooden navy ships?You enjoy sailing them?You enjoy destroying them?This is the game you dreamed about!Sail beautifull Navy Ships.Throw big amounts of steel into the air and see them raining down on another beautifull Navy Ship.WATCH THEM BURN AND EXPLODE!Conquer the Carribean with your friends and make your choosen Nation the mightiest of them all.8/10 and the game is still getting better with better Naval Battles, more Ships, more Fun"
,Recommended,311310,20697616,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,The Punisher,I've only done two battles but I can say this game is immensely fun. Anyone who loves naval combat or simulators in general will love this game. :D
76561198014374890,Recommended,311310,21067101,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Frosty40,"The devs got the important stuff done RIGHT~~! go out and shoot others ships, board them, take them. glory. No glitches"
76561198041395161,Recommended,311310,21509488,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Mr.CrowGamer.,Just GreatFlip my ship attempting to ram somone and had to write this review69\10
76561197972673462,Recommended,311310,25102901,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,brian.tate,"Great fun, highly recommended."
,Recommended,311310,20758757,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,TheEnglishAdventurer,"Got to say very impressed with this game. Fighting, Trading, Sailing, Clans, Groups. If it is this good now what will it be like when it is finished? If you are thinking of buying this game Know one thing its not easy starting out. There are many players that will help you if you need it.Down Side: Limited selling contracts, Cant rais durability on ships you capture so cant sell them as a contract (if you can no one i have asked knows how) I guess its Early accsess  for a reason.Very happy with this game. See you on the Sea i hope :)"
,Recommended,311310,21432497,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,[2ndMD_B]JaegerCoyote,"Gentlemanly naval fights and dastardly pirates, and the Dutch."
76561198046951846,Recommended,311310,21352682,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[HL] MrJ [UK],"Pros--Fun ship to ship combat-Good to play with friends-Only requires a medium spec PC-Amazing graphicsCons--You will (NEED) to play with a group or friends to be succesfull-The trading system seems to be useless atm-There is a real grind to get better ships with most battles bringing around 100-200XP and you need 100 xp for the first rank 2500 xp for the 2nd and 5000 xp for the 3rd rank then it goes even further....(it's hard to find battles you can win so it takes hours) also each battle lasts around 20 mins depending on the amount of ships and ranks--I recommend this game fully, the frame work is there it just requires more updates to improve after player feedback updates are frequent------------This game is not woth 30 pound only buy if your willing to stick with the game through development---------"
,Recommended,311310,24974360,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Eras,Best Game I played in a long time!
76561198000527614,Recommended,311310,24983917,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Caesar,It's a great game with a lot of realism. The player base is mostly friendly and the battle mechanics are AMAZING. I highly recommend this game. After playing over 600 hours it's still as good as the first day i booted it up.
76561198166726756,Recommended,311310,25012120,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Amanda and Greg,"Naval Action is the best tall ship simulator out there, full stop.  Where your cannonballs impact truly matter, as those holes, if at the waterline, will cause leaks, drawing crew away from other tasks, slowing down an enemy's rate of fire (just as one example).  Knock down a mast, and it can't go downwind as quickly.  Take out a bowsprit, and it can't lie close to the wind.The ships are gorgeous, the combat immersive, and the development team puts out a content patch a month.  They are responsive to their customer base, and often add in surprises, such as fishing was added in recent memory.If you want to play a game that is still in development, buy this.  If you want to play a tall ship simulator that is fully complete, wait until full release until you buy this game.  But do not pass it up."
76561197991405577,Recommended,311310,25092483,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,The Emocutter!,200h still enjoy it
76561198284910174,Recommended,311310,21374377,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,austin.robinson.usmc,Excellent game fun and extremly addicting. It can be really challenging at times but even then its fun. It takes a while a level but once you do the doors just start to open up before you and it gets even more fun. The Economy in this game is hell its mostly player driven so those selling ships are making bank while you are spending bank my advice craft stuff so that you make the bank and they pay you. Also the game is constaly changing because all the nations are fighting for dominace over the others US is a good one to learn how to play but I pefer Britan for their central location and closeness of freindly ports.
76561198005367829,Recommended,311310,20722846,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lunawolf,"Great Game. If anyone with a passion in Naval history or age of sail is sitting on the fence with Naval Action, this game is definately for you. Devs are very communicative and listen to the community. I have followed this game for about a year and am excited to see where it goes in the future."
76561197972699009,Recommended,311310,20760151,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Pain,Take a look at this!Take a lookThis a quick look at the game to help you decide to buy or not!
76561198282805909,Recommended,311310,21235514,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,thewayat,"I like the ship combat. The boarding part doesn't fill the bill , how about having swashbuckeling like Pirates of The Burning Seas ? That really is not my main concern . I like to trade and play the economy, the products offered are not historicly or geographicly logical, where is tobacco ,sugar, coffee, flax, rice, Maize(corn), you got the american cotton right in the U.S. south. What about cloth , guns, and other things  from the industialized north and Europe. This Game could not only be fun for a wide range of age groups but EDUCATIONAL as well. Thank you for creating this game and keep up the good work!....."
76561198014296543,Recommended,311310,21283411,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,MegidoFlame,Worth each penny. I like approach that developers are takinghttp://www.twitch.tv/braincage/v/39127630. Keep it going !!
76561197993401686,Recommended,311310,21366433,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Archetype,"A rare type of MMO - one designed for players that enjoy tougher MMOs. No icon on the map to display your position, localized banking, PVP almost anywhere (on the PVP servers), etc. This is a very solid foundation and could potentially turn into one of the best MMOs out there. In my opinon, your enjoyment of the game will come down to how much you enjoy the combat system. If you like how it looks, buy the game immediately."
,Recommended,311310,21244012,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,|IMP|Mother Goose,"It is basically Sid Meier's Pirates! brought into 2016. It looks like it will be fun and promising. Trade, ship battles and maybe eventually missions. For now the gameplay is a bit slow and I hope they speed it up some. (Engagments are VERY lengthy). I spent over an hour duking it out with two NPC ships when I attacked their convoy. It ended in a stalemate..."
76561198041895302,Recommended,311310,21261210,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Vindicator,This game is very fun to play.  The combat is very satisfying.  It is easy to learn the basics but difficult to master.  There are different types of guns for different situations.The open world adds a cool layer of depth to the game. Nations and Clans fight for power in the Caribbean.  Still early access but I haven't experienced any crashes.  While there are things that are WIP the game runs mostly bug free.The devs are very active as of writing this review.
76561198152293566,Recommended,311310,22164866,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Fitzroy,"One of my first reviews because this game deserves itFirstly the developers have obviously put a lot of thought in to this game and continue to add fixes and patches, really great work on their part. I was scepticle with this game at first I've tried games alike to this in the past and although they were good there was nothing that made them gripping, this game seriously has it all.The graphics are actually amazing for this game, they also keep adding little tweaks which make them more intense as the patches come out. The clans are great use and you are part of nations opposing every other nation, get in the right clan and its 24/7 game play.You can play this game in several ways depending on what you want to achieve. You can play as a trader and make your money, you can also combine that and be a crafter making ships for others to buy from you. The crafting aspect is actually very good, one being that you don't just get automatic rights to craft anything you like, it creates more thinking and a tech tree to follow, one part makes this part and you only get a certain amount of labour you can use per hour which means people can't gain silly amounts of advantage. Also you have to craft certain types of ships with just a small % of a chance you'll get the blue prints to other ships meaning it takes time and tactic to be able to craft different ships.Now if you go for the battle side this is a very broad game play. We have port battles, PvP or just plain old hunt the AI. I must admit alot of thought has gone into this; you need to be able to think, control and watch. The devs keep patching this area and adding or smoothing out the tweaks and doing an amazing job for it. When sailing in battle you have to think which direction you are going, where your sails are pointing how much sail you have, how many people on guns, how many people on plugging leaks. It really is in depth as a game gets for this area you quite literally can control everything.Overall I would extremely recommend this game and urge anyone thinking to get this. The price tag is worth it!!! Constant patches and planned improvements that are set this game to be one you won't get bored on. I've clocked so many hours and the worst part is I never saw those hours go by, its truly addictive when you join the right clan community; my main tip is to join a clan to maximise every aspect of this game."
76561198028458108,Recommended,311310,21269948,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,layzboy2011,"Very steep learning curve, but very helpful players. Much more content to be added. Dont judge this game as a finished product."
,Recommended,311310,21286986,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Strange One,"For those interested in a deep, methodical, and strategic Naval Combat & Trading game, this is the cream of the crop. Even while in early access, I have found immense pleasure in sailing the Caribbean, using only a compass and landmarks to navigate, and engaging enemy vessels with a number of beautiful ships. The combat is comprehensive, utilizing demasting, chain shots against sails, wind, and positional damage--shoot below the waterline to start sinking a vessel, or use grapeshot on their weather deck to kill crew before boarding! This game is certainly not for everyone; it is NOT an arcade game, and if you do not have the patience to truly explore and learn the skills needed, you may not find that you enjoy this game. But, for those of you with a hardy constitution and a love of the sea, you'll find no better game to capture the sense and feel of Napoleonic Naval Warfare."
76561198278870637,Recommended,311310,22110577,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ryantankerman,amasinly fun game love raming bit buggy very fun lowish tier ship havent got full crew but still very fun.
76561198075101158,Recommended,311310,22254051,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Thunder,It's pretty good. I had a hard time learning the UI and game mechanics because it dosen't tell you anything. Otherwise pretty good. I also want shanties.
76561198260574790,Recommended,311310,24983479,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,fc1,"EXCELLENT game guys, keep up the great work and stick to REALISM as best you can. It's what makes this game stand out from all the rest of the Role Playing games."
76561198030530618,Recommended,311310,25072964,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,{FOX} Agamemnon,Naval action is a fun open world age of sail game. The UI is none existent but the graphics and physics of open world and battle are nice. It is quite the grind to level yet allows many hours of fun leveling. Crafting is expanding more and they co time to add content.
76561198120943670,Recommended,311310,24982899,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,congaslim,"With over a thousand hours played I think it's fair to say I've already gotten my moneys worth from this game which is still in alpha.The graphics, combat, community and sanbox feel of the game really keep me playing. Once you get yourself into some of the larger ships and begin opening different ports the game really opens itself up and offers a lot of options to the players. Some days I run trade routes some days I attack traders running their routes some days are spent attacking enemy ports others defending our nations ports or helping an ally nation in it's goals. The battles are fun ranging from 1 on 1 to epic 25 on 25 battles. The combat has a slight learning curve it's not hard to catch on and be competent but there are a lot of little nuances that can be learned which really makes putting in the effort to learn very rewarding.Naval action is still in it's alpha phase and it shows in things like it's user interface which the developers plan to keep very basic until other parts of the game are developed. Patches come rather frequently from the Dev team with various add ons to game play, added ships, and rebalancing. Some players may be turned off by the constant tweaks but for the most part the changes coincide with the opinions of its active player base. I've played quite a few early releases and I must say it's refreshing to see developers constantly moving forward on what i see as quite an ambitious project.I highly recomend this for anyone interested in pirates and age of sail naval battles. This is the best thing going since Sid Maiers Pirates for you old school gamers."
,Recommended,311310,24216161,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Zude,"Grind for 40 hours to lose everything. This was the greatest waste of time I've ever experienced.edit: A more powerful ship was mysteriously gifted to me, I am terrified of it being stolen. Be careful."
,Recommended,311310,20665453,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,sup_g,best.naval.warfare.game.ever.
,Recommended,311310,25099942,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Meat Popsicle,"All I can say is this game is awesome. I have put many hours into this game and it's hard to loose interest since there's so much to do. Naval Action kind of reminds me of POTBS meets a warship simulator. It's still in alpha, but it's pretty solid with very few bugs.General rundown-You start out by picking one of 8 nations. British, America, Spain, Dutch, Danish, Sweden, French, or Pirates(Pirates are #1). You start out in a little cutter and work your way up from there. The more you level the more crew you can have under your command. You can get into any ship, but until you can fully crew it you are at a disadvatage. There is a good crafting system, economy system, huge port battles, epic battle events, dueling, planned events, exploration, fishing, and even the ability to pray. There is a pretty big time sink involved. It takes awhile to get around the open world. On PvP servers(which is the best way to go) you can always be attacked by other nations. The community(at least on PvP2) is great. If you enjoyed POTBS, World of Tanks, or EVE you will probably enjoy this game."
76561198033493577,Recommended,311310,20673140,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Hayedid,"Loving the game so far!  My laptop struggles a bit (plus a slow internet connection), but I look forward to trying it on my desktop with better internet.  Exploring the Open World is great, combat is fun, and the other players are friendly and helpful.  There is some uncertainty about etiquette for entering battles vs the AI that other players are already engaged in.  Some people welcome the help and others feel like you're stealing their xp.  Hopefully some sort of optional lock-out system will be implemented (or already exists and I just don't know about it).  All-in-all a great game, worth the $40 even in Early Release."
76561198001066285,Recommended,311310,22333747,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Mikro_TSS,"If you like pirates of the caribean then this must be a game for you. its beautyfull grafiks and amasing battles, you can even see the stream in the water and feel the wind in the sails when you are in battle, and that have made me play this  gane for 50+ hours in just 4 days and im defently not finish."
76561198008178541,Recommended,311310,30607069,Posted: 18 March,all,sandmanjw,"This is a PVE viewpoint only. I do not like, enjoy, or participate in PVP.Since they have changed their decision to close down the PVE server, i will give this a recommend, (with reservations) for now.Still a nice looking and fun game, and they say they are working on adding more PVE missions and play.  Which is sorely needed.They still need to learn that you can not use the same rules for both PVP and PVE servers. They are totaly different play styles and types, and you just can not cram them both into the same rule sets without creating issues for one or the other at times.So, with the above caveats, I will say yes on the recommendation for now, and hope they continue to add to the PVE gameplay.  This is still one of the best PVE sailing ship games around right now, and has a ton of potential to be much better, or ruined completely. Praying hard for the ""much better"" option here:)"
76561198006925820,Recommended,311310,24716574,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jonny Cross,This game is one of the best naval military sims I've ever played. Although it's in polished gui and lack of tutorials make it a little user unfriendly. I can hand on u heart say it's really fun when played with friends.This is going to bea classic game. Well done devs
76561198117650657,Recommended,311310,24801923,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,aarshaargrabbelaar,"This game is somewhat grindy when it comes to missions. They are relatively repetitive but not boring due to the awesome battle mechanics. This game looks absolutely beautiful and is very realistic when it comes to sailing and damage. This game does not yet have a nice looking UI and it takes quite a bit of time to get used to how it works.Even though tis game has got quite a bit of flaws, the battle mechanics definately make up for them."
76561198048200035,Recommended,311310,24854626,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,stubeee,Finally! I'm a pirate!!
76561198015623875,Recommended,311310,24972826,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Clint Eaststick,"This game,Absolutely beautiful historical ships, incredible sailing simulation, so satisfying to broadside a trader and take everything they ever loved and sell it cheap back at port like garbage.You've probably guessed that i'm a pirate. I have been 3 different nations and as of now I like the Pirates community the best. There are a lot of wonderful people in this game and it always feels like im sitting down with a bunch of friends at a table to play cards less than it feels like im playing with people thousands of miles away.I'll be playing this game for years to come. Truly a gem.Good devs, good community, fun gameplay, tons of more content seen every couple weeks and lots more to come."
,Recommended,311310,24973259,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Impulse,Has great potential
76561198003101771,Recommended,311310,24979093,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kongming,"One of the best Age of Sail games ever. Its an MMO on high seas with player based economy. Lots of PvP and PvE. Very dedicated staff, adding huge patches very fast. All together thats my time ""eater""."
76561197967031790,Recommended,311310,24981486,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mac1959,"Already has enough content and entertainment value to merit the purchase price and the developers plans promise even greater value in the future.  Three of my friends have purchased the game based on my reccomendation,  all of them are pleased they did."
76561198021435532,Recommended,311310,25117527,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,KeL,"Not bad for early access, good potential!"
76561198079414507,Recommended,311310,25130902,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,king of the squirrels,very good game played 200 hours on it and no way near finished it
76561198046874762,Recommended,311310,25152777,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Testudo Aubreii,I have been playing this game on and off for a year now and it always surprises me how much they add the game every few months.The dedication the team has to its players is commendable.I have over 200 hours of gameplay and I see no end to the horizon.
76561198070352954,Recommended,311310,25268634,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Kowalski,The Greatest Sailing Naval Action you will ever play.
,Recommended,311310,25268826,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,[PERVS] Guenwhyvar,"Eversince I was very little I have been reading Napoleonic-Age novels and playing Napoleonic-Age-of-Sail games (anyone remember ""Wooden Ships & Iron Men""?). This is the ultimate achievement so far on sailing in the age of pirates and Admiral Nelson.You feel like you are actually standing on the deck of your ship. You can trade, fight and discover. You can also develop your skills as a captain, a tradesman and a crafter or shipbuilder.Being part of a clan makes it even more fun as you can have your friends help you and battle enemies together.Highly recommended!"
76561197970748646,Recommended,311310,25271447,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mark,"The very best and probably only 19th century naval combat MMO.  If you like Hornblower, Bolitho, Sharpe etc then this game is for you."
76561198009925805,Recommended,311310,25281691,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,rmf.68,"sensational game requiring luck, planning, strategy and a big dose of ""smarts"". After 500hrs i am immersed completly"
76561198032305022,Recommended,311310,25286170,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Res a dir,"Good game, original and with many hours of game, good community too"
76561198039261872,Recommended,311310,25292593,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,mbasemann,Only for a certain type of player. If you are reading this review that means you have enough interest for this to be a game for you. Suck it.
76561198075476754,Recommended,311310,25295787,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Digital Wind,"Very good, kids don't have the patience for this so the community is very mature."
,Recommended,311310,25133314,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Roscoe,Very nice game. The UI def needs some work though.
,Recommended,311310,25137171,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,jayPhantom,"Great sailing-age naval combat so far, and continued development happening at a comfortable and progressive rate. Work still needs to be done on the crew management, and port management systems, but so far, so good. Thanks to the devs."
76561198009236280,Recommended,311310,25200468,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,skelton3,"hi i am a mature player since 1981 games, having played a lot this is one of the most enjoyable. it is not fast but there are so many aspects to it if you want to just enjoy battles .build your own ships trade it is quite endless . and very good value"
76561198198173255,Recommended,311310,25281704,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Curen7,love this game
76561198089591378,Recommended,311310,25289882,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Ivan Chernyakhovsky,"Good game, even for early access still great."
76561198007029161,Recommended,311310,25293758,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Warhammer1019,"If you know what spotted dog or lobscouse is, this game is for you."
76561198146603304,Recommended,311310,25434730,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,jefftheturtle,Great game.  Looking forard to improvements in future as the game is refined.
76561197978242941,Recommended,311310,24973482,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Fengh,"I love it!Starting in this game is hard: no tutorial, bad tooltipsWatch some Youtube and understand sailing and economy and this game start to make so much fun!"
76561198151446757,Recommended,311310,25128138,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,L85,What's bad about it?Just the UI. It's not too bad though.What's good about it:Stunning graphicsRealistic battlesIn depth craftingShip customisationKilling piratesFULL BROADSIDE!25 vs 25 huge PVP battlesPort contestingAnd alot more!
76561197981583119,Recommended,311310,25136749,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,JG14_Jagr,An addictive and amazingly deep game.  Friends from other online games migrated over to Naval Action and even with their varied interests they have found something in this game that brings them back every night.  Highly recommend.
76561198037142212,Recommended,311310,25154935,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,dearnett,"Enjoyable open world sailing and invigorating, mature combat"
76561198030533578,Recommended,311310,25171668,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Hannibal Barca,"I've never written a review before, but I have to admit that Naval Action is finally a good enough game to get me off my♥♥♥♥♥to write a review. I'm a history buff who loves the Age of Sail, the ever-growing variety of ships, and the pvp-centric nature of the game. After having left several succesive MMO's due to boredom this is finaly the game I have been looking for.I also have to give props the the staff of Naval Action for creating one of the most polished Alpha testing periods I have ever seen. In a time when MMO's are riddled with bugs on launch, I have to hand to them - this game is smooth.Would highly recommend this game and I will certainly continue to play Naval Action for the forseeable future."
,Recommended,311310,25172016,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Hariwulf,"Considering that this game is in Early ALPHA, I'd say it's quite an experience!On my first exploration day I managed to capture (by grape-shooting crew) 2 ships: a Lynx and a Snow. This shows the freedom given to the player. Where in many other games gaining a new ship requires boarding, in Naval Action you can Craft it, Purchase it, Win it after a fight or, as said, Board it.The graphics are beautiful, the sounds are realistic and the controls and mechanics are enough intuitive and bearable even for someone like me that knows absolutely nothing about sailing and sailing-games.Of course, a long way lies ahead before this product will reach its final shape, but given the fair amount of fun I had today, I do feel optimistic.Recommended."
76561198044329749,Recommended,311310,25236629,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,csmitty,"Naval Action has very few bugs and has very good gameplay, having both a low skill floor, and a high skill ceiling, which are usually the biggest problems when a game is released. The economy system is currently very unstable due to the low player base, and once the player base grows so does the potential. The crafting system could use some tweaking, for instance they could add a project tracker where no matter what tab you are in on the crafting menu you can see what you need in order to build that new ship, and with the low player base getting a new ship can be a pain sometimes, but it has potential. The battles are very fun, and it is very satisfying to set an enemy ship on fire and watch as it sails next to one of its allies and blows up, although it can be quite anticlimactic when you fire one broadside and sink the ship, because you got lucky and all the shots went under the water line when the ship was rolling away from you.I have 60 hours put into the game and have yet to see one bug or crash.I would say it is better quality than some games that are already released, and Naval Action is still in alpha testing. As others have said the biggest issue is probably the UI. The UI is very simple and easy to use but it isnt very pretty. If you dont mind having a very minimalistic UI in your menu screens, then I would definately recommend this game."
76561198097178930,Recommended,311310,25244345,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ShadowKnightNZ,good game for those that like anything to do with the sailing ship era  its taking abit to get used to but the community is so helpful hope to see some of you people in it
,Recommended,311310,25249836,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,GoldenBones,"When I hopped into the game, I was unaware that it was in alpha. For it being so early, I think this game is fantastic. I really love the graphics and gameplay. The combat system is really fun, and fairly realistic. Whether you want to play PvE or PvP, you can play on what seem like nicely located servers, allowing for low enough ping. With only 3 servers so far, two for North America and one for Europe, I can see some more to allow easier world wide access in the future. The only ""issue"" I have run into is a slight delay in actions, which you would not think a mere ~100 ping would give, but once you get used to it the game is lovely."
,Recommended,311310,25267335,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Argento,"Es Alpha recién, y así todo es un lujo."
,Recommended,311310,25284509,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Savage,This is a 'age of sail' game I've wanted for a long time.  Already very immersive and full of details.  Looking forward to following the development and logging many more  hours.Definitely not for the twitch addicted.  The gameplay is much more strategic.
76561198086471558,Recommended,311310,25310963,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Teuchter,"top game, have ship will travel ."
76561198013299811,Recommended,311310,25319585,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Искариот,nice
,Recommended,311310,25340181,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Breaker,"Hands down, one of the greatest games i've ever played, and probably will ever play. Thank you guys for making this bad♥♥♥♥♥gun happy sailing sim!"
76561198014507505,Recommended,311310,25408471,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Thondal,All in all a good experience considering it is still early access.
76561197972082803,Recommended,311310,25003390,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Strait Jacket,It's Eve on water. Get it. Play it.
76561198007575953,Recommended,311310,25133672,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Harry Rousington,"Really enjoying Naval Action. The devs are adding new stuff all the time. Still some bugs as you would expect with an Alpha, but they really don't detract from the game.The visuals and scenary are fantastic. There is quite a steep learning curve and the menus aren't always the most intuitive or clear. (I accidently lost a ship forever because I ""dimissed"" it) It is a little bit grindy and takes a while to get a decent ship.When you first start playing, it seems quite basic, but the more you play the more features you discover.Overall, I highly recommend Naval Action - yaarr!"
,Recommended,311310,25176423,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ShaZe,"If you loved PotBS, you will love this game.This is basically the same game with a few better mechanics.+ Firing require additionnal aiming, affected by the sea.+ Graphics are much better+ World map is much larger, it has pro and cons but I believe it is better like this, players will be able to ""own"" regions since it would be really hard for anyone to quickly travel across the entire map for defense. It could easily take up to 6-8+ hours to cross the entire map.+ Economy is more simple, which is a bad and good thing. Everything is viable so there is no chance everybody end up producing the same thing like in other games due to the cost effectiveness. At the same time it remove a little of depth.+ Devs are creating events with special rewards / blueprints.+ Roles are more flexible, players can be at anytime a privateer / trader / navy officer.+ Can customize cannon pounding of each deck+ Damage is realistic, constantly shooting a mast will destroy it, same with rudder, crew etc.+ Navigation is pretty good, you can  control each individual mast, assign crew in sailing, repair, gunnery, survival, boarding.- UI is really ugly, in fact we keep discovering context menus or label that are actually clickable. At least, it quickly become the least of our concern.- Maybe it is not actually a con, but I know there are mortar ships in the game and while I have not personally been able to used them or see them in action, I am pretty sure they aren't a good addition to the game since the completly move away from the standard fighting style.Neutral : I am unsure whether or not update progress is fast yet since I have recently started. It look like the devs added a lot of content since then however the game still really feel like an alpha after 6 months. I would assume it could have been faster but I do not know the size of the team, at the same time making sure everything is tested throughly isntead of rushing through everything is a good thing."
76561198070769022,Recommended,311310,25209862,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Strider,"I have to say this is probably the best naval game out there to date, for being an early access game it already feels like a very playable game. just one thing, make sure you team up and work together with your nation as you will find taking on tougher missions comes with a lot more damage dealt to you. I do feel the AI is very stupid sometimes turning into you or even firing a full broadside into your hull but im sure this will be addressed.I shall see you at sea Captains."
,Recommended,311310,25427925,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MM | Wootly,"Fun game, would recommend. UI still needs a lot of work, and the game lacks polish, but that is par for the course in early release games."
76561198051508565,Recommended,311310,25287813,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Septik Aydz,"This game is effin amazing.  Totes mcgoats. IT IS A SLOW GAME!!  Starting off has a learning curve... Git Gud, Git Friends... GIT BANGING on some seriously fun♥♥♥♥♥gaming"
76561198030495388,Recommended,311310,20665361,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Nema,"--NEW POSITIVE REVIEW--A MUST BUY FOR UR PIRACY NEEDSPERFECT SAILING GAMEULL NEVER REGRET IT.--OLD NEGATIVE REVIEW--Just a negative review to tell you there is nothing negative in this game. Sail, kill, plunder, mmo, open world, lvl up, upgrade, trade, pvp or pve, choose nation or pirate, fun, fun, fun, FUN !. A must buy if u just only like ships, ull enojoy it."
76561198058988535,Recommended,311310,25077764,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,marty1214,Best naval game since battlestations+ realistic- no pause (sucks when you have a six month old)
,Recommended,311310,24976529,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,-Punkrawks-,"UI still needs polished, not very user friendly. However, once you get the hang of it, by far one of the better games on Steam."
76561198044671635,Recommended,311310,24985250,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,darkmoor220,Great combat with good visuals.tough at first but get with some people that have play awhile and can learn the ropes in no time
,Recommended,311310,25081846,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Hawkslayer,"Great game that keeps getting better and better.  If you enjoy Age of Sail ships and Caribean Pirates, I am confident there is something here you will enjoy."
,Recommended,311310,25356852,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Gooker Spooker,This game is very fun.
,Recommended,311310,23388665,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DJ Calydus,"I have written a review for this game before, it was positive, this one will be too as the reworked economy is fantastic, they have also fixed a few things I didn't like about the mission system. However being someone who had quite alot of stuff before they wiped the game I have to say I'm quite annoyed. For a new player though this game is worth getting, I'm expecting to see lots of negative reviews for this game because people lost all of their stuff but as I said, it's worth it, especially now for a new player to come into this game. The Devs a quite responsible despite what many say, this wipe was desperatly avoided for a while but the devs had to do this eventually and I personally don't blame them.Overall this is a great game and hopefully it becomes more popular so the devs might get some more money to do more awsome stuff."
,Recommended,311310,24970244,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,pylme (Kort stubin),Very good game.
76561198003693013,Recommended,311310,24974474,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,SheriffChedarBob,"Good PvP, great graphics, great community and lots of potential. A good buy!"
76561198047738547,Recommended,311310,24975754,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,theJoker502,"Game is super fun, especially if you're a fan of the Aubrey/Maturin series."
76561198013568118,Recommended,311310,24984943,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,mmhooya,AS a teenager I remember sitting down with a friend and designing with a notebooks and pen a cool ship game to play. A lot have come but Naval Action is what my vision as a kid was and the some. Its fun to play and has even got me interested in getting certified small boat sailing.
,Recommended,311310,24987755,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,dtdynamics,"fun game, great detail and a very dedicated development team willing to take player suggestion on board. (pun probably intended)"
76561198035709040,Recommended,311310,25007579,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,mail,"A real great game. Not only it brings the most beautiful carribean sunsets in gaming history, it is an intriguing sandbox for trading, crafting, shipbuilding, and - of course - fighting. The combat feels ""real"", its not hard to learn, but hard to master. A perfect melange for those who are interested in the age of sail.Highly recommended!"
76561198006082857,Recommended,311310,25013241,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Wokkels,"The name of the game says a lot. The game will bring you in the 18th century caribian paradise. Where you can be a captain on your own vessel and roam the seas. The game still in an alpha testing fase, gives you the oppertunity to help build an fantastic game. Where the gamers influence is taken in an account by taking the game to the next level.It gives you the oppertunity to become a crafter of ships, from the 12 to the 100+ gun ships which you can take to battle against AI or other players. If you like 18th century warfare in Victory's against the Bucentaure like the battle of Trafalgar, maby you found the place to be...Fair winds to you  ;-)"
76561198030897884,Recommended,311310,25057789,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,lukesboats,"First it should be pointed out that this game is not for everyone. In my opinion that is one of it's strong points, because it is anything but a standard MMO. Many have listed as a flaw the slow pace of the game but if you have knowledge of the time period then you know that it would take upwards of 30 minutes to tack a large sailing ship, and their top speed was nearly 20 miles per hour! Battles would not be won in a few short minutes but would take hours to conclude. Historical accuracy is a vanguard of this beautifully rendered game, and the screen shots you see posted are not cut scenes but actual game play shots. As a ship modeler I am continually amazed by the ships this game offers, and it reads like a list from a Model Expo catalog: Fair American, Alert, Onterio, Rattlesnake, Constitution, Victory. To see these majestic ships in three dimensions spreading their sails and heeling to a stiff breeze is a source of endless enjoyment for me.It is not an easy game to play; the cannons are as inaccurate as they would be historically, the ships must be sailed in combat and not mearly turned about by the rudder and the risk of getting caught in irons, where you cannot move or turn while the enemy is mercilessly raking your stern is a real concern. 2 game modes cater to the casual gamer and the hard core alike, with PVE for the former and PVP for the later. A system for trade and ship crafting adds another dimension for those not content with fighting.""Aye, tear her tatteren ensign down, long has it waved on high, and many an eye has danced to see that banner in the sky..."" If you reccognize this as the opening lines of the poem 'Old Ironsides' by Oliver Wendell Holmes then then you must, no you need to buy this game."
76561197990057251,Recommended,311310,25061703,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,The_Congressman,i love it.
,Recommended,311310,25068182,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Outram,Very promising game... It's already great.. It can only get better with time.
76561198006589665,Recommended,311310,24973889,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Morrius17,Great game.  Coming along as it is in alpha.  PvP servers are fun and so is the PvE if you want to sail there.
76561198005472983,Recommended,311310,24974478,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DeadlyPantz,This is a good game. I like this game.
,Recommended,311310,24987265,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Stripes,This is an awsome game!!!Happy Sailing!!!
76561197993339138,Recommended,311310,24995682,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,mouz HanZ,It's fun if you like sailing ships.
76561197964180546,Recommended,311310,24985572,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Don Titor,This is a good game already.Looks great and runs well.PvP server as Pirate.50+ player port battles are epic.
76561198178488405,Recommended,311310,24993305,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Punisher2099,"Excellent group play Age of Sail combat simulator with Alliances and active war voting.Simularities to popular MMO Sandbox open world like EVE but very orignal area capture and controlTrade ship/upgrades Crafting and Economics, Missions, random Epic events, fishing, Sealed bottle ship wreck hunting... more and more being released all the time.Growing player driven USA and Euro community servers with very active Devs who listen to user inputNO guides or polish to the menus can be frustrating for new users but once you get past that its really nothing to short of epic.What are you waiting for find a clan and become the next great fleet commander of battle! I look forward to sinking you on the USA PVP1 server!"
76561198016634712,Recommended,311310,25000841,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,kralcorn,Great game and they keep making it better.
76561198297400213,Recommended,311310,25008610,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ARKurious,"fantastic game that i spend many hours on. graphics are amazing, game play , while needs constant work, is enjoyable with the sea battles so good you could write after action reports similar to real ones. so much to this game."
76561197972363843,Recommended,311310,25022888,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,AlexiSevic,Great game!
76561198007513110,Recommended,311310,25023582,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Stix,Great game
76561198026490646,Recommended,311310,25058160,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,heardfloore,"If you are attracted to the historical period known as ""the Age of Sail,"" this game is for you.  The art work of the game is excellent.  The sailing conditions are realistic and challenging.  For newcomers, there exists a wealth of material to help one get started in the game.  Everyone begins with a basic ship which is free and the fastest ship in the game.  Money is important and hard to comeby early in the game so don't be too much in a hurry to buy better ships.  Save your money until you can afford to purchase a Snow which is the first good ship you to which you will have access.  The game is absorbing and challenging.  Thinking through alternatives and making good decisions in light of long term consequences are both rewarded by this game.  Investing in in-port resouces which can be used to build your own ships or ship parts is another way of increasing your income.  Fighting ship to ship battles is important in successful game advance but picking the proper battles to fight is even more important.  In short, this is a game that rewards critical thinking, good decision making, and long range planning but allows players to recover from mistakes made.  The game can be adapted to a number of game-playing styles.  The developers listen to and respond to suggestions by the game membership and are continuously adding to the game on a monthly basis.  If my review sounds interesting to you, I strongly recommend you give this game a try."
76561198068676262,Recommended,311310,25071631,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Arzobispo Botijo,"The best historical Naval Simulation game, for sail lovers."
76561198121018745,Recommended,311310,25085102,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,♘ Zintage Enaka,Super fun
76561198107353349,Recommended,311310,26381795,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,RatedM,"This game is great! Its had its problems but the dev's keep working on it as fast as they can. They are a small team so you gotta give them a break. If you love classic ships this is your game. Theres trade, sea and port battles. Most importantly the ships are beautiful! Just so you know, you start out with a small ship with 12 cannons. Its a bit of a grind and learning curve to get to the bigger ships, but the community is very helpfull. If you wanna team up in a clan or just learn the game, DM my steam."
76561197965351205,Recommended,311310,20721728,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Triptrippen,"Really good game. Best naval sim I've seen. Biggest complaint is that its not 100% open world, instanced battles. Very realistic, if you can overlook the instanced battles. Risk and reward are a major component, and its really exciting. I love games where there is a real risk / reward gameplay style, makes the game feel meaningful, exhilerating.Great player run economy, deep strategy, politics.For sure the best tallships in the caribbean game ever made.Pretty awesome mmo, but there is invulnerability spells(like a cooldown after leaving a battle), teleport spells, I was expecting a naval game not a fantasy one. But It seems they've done all they can to make due with the limitations of instanced battles."
,Recommended,311310,23729250,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Dominic,"it's a bit of a grind, but fun."
76561198142072667,Recommended,311310,24970786,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,benvarone,"I've sunk over 800 hours into this game, and am likely to double that amount. If you like the Age of Sail and movies like Master & Commander, Pirates of the Caribbean, Admiral, or books like those by Patrick O'Brian or C.S. Forester, this is going to be your new obsession.The game plays like EVE online for the sea, but with combat that feels so much more visceral. Wood splinters fly, sails become tattered messes, and your crew cheers when they get a good broadside on an enemy. Paying attention to wind direction and your sails matters, but once you get the hang of it becomes as much a part of the game as aiming your cannons. The port battles and captures add a nice Realm vs. Realm element, and while it's still very much an alpha in terms of the UI, the game already has less bugs and more features than a lot of triple-A titles. The devs put out new content on a monthly basis...Let me put it this way: at the very LEAST, you'll get your money's worth. Do yourself a favor though, and create a character on the PvP1 EU server rather than the others--it has the largest community, and they're extremely welcoming."
76561198017901429,Recommended,311310,24976277,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,s1ns3milla,"This has been without a doubt, my favorite early access game to play. Naval Action has been a blast since I started playing it and the developers continue to build and refine every aspect of this fine age of sail simulator. Awesome Dev's!"
76561198062168115,Recommended,311310,24976619,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Cochrane137,"If you have even a passing interest in fighting ships in the age of sail, do yourself a favour and give this game a go. A brilliant game so far, with more features and ships to come as new patches are released."
76561198292915271,Recommended,311310,24992373,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Pip 77,Great game!
76561197961657732,Recommended,311310,24996325,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,pluce,"I'm very fond of age of sails, and this game provides us with a nice simulation of ships movements and combat. Games mechanisms are still to be completed, but it already gave me very good gaming time."
76561198116546567,Recommended,311310,25009188,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Zadig,"If you have ever been looking for a brilliant game that captures the spirit of naval combats and MMOs, this one is for you! From sailing ships to the sea mechanics, all details are realistic and immerge you in the atmoshphere of high sea piracy or trading when sailing boats were masters of the sea in the Carribeans !!Awesome game, I definitely recommend to buy it early access and 'sea' it being developped ;)"
,Recommended,311310,26182226,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Rct. Bichu,Change of review:Important new changes are coming and a EU server. I´m wishing to play it!!
76561198039980977,Recommended,311310,20762681,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,danny-s.a.s,for my its a nice game
76561198071631238,Recommended,311310,24975283,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,E@rlFr@x!nus,"The BEST Age of sail game I've ever had a chance to play.Never regret any penny buying this game so far lolPros:1.Fascinating graphic2.Thrilling and fun gameplay. Could be fun to play with your friends but soloist(like me) can enjoy it preety much the same too.3.Realistic gameplay -Manual Sails, Navigating in the storm, Openworld sailing etc.4.All ships has durability, you can't lose your newly(or old) bought ship by just sinking just once. Bought ship starts with 5 durability and lose 1 for every time your ship sunk.5.Help chat tab -Super useful chat section that you can always use, Just type your question and more than a few generous capt'n will help ya. I've to say, this game got the nicest, friendliest ppl.6.Reasonable price.Cons:1.There's no tutorial from the game or whatsoever.(Go Youtube m8. Everything there)2.Hideous menu UI....well at least for now. Maybe not that hideous, but there's just a blue background for every port and even the server selection screen....3.Missions are all the same. No diversity.4.Rising in ranks takes long time.5.Hiring crew is really REALLY expensive. One crew for 500 gold, imagine you rise to top rank of Rear Admiral(Great Britain) which you can hire 1100 crews....Good luck.6.Still in an Alpha phase.All in all I found this game to be very enjoyble. As I said before, every penny for this game is absolutely worth it.Capt'n EarlFraxinus, Lieutenent Commander, His majesty's Navy."
76561197979947252,Recommended,311310,24975423,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Sapperactual42,"Damn fun game so far, not the game for everyone as battles take time and travel can be difficult and time consuming but if you are a history buff or want a game with a very envolved combat system with a lot to learn than this is the game for you."
76561198256526478,Recommended,311310,24975670,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,blackswan109.ks,Its a brilliant and exciting game. If youre a fan of Master and Commander you will love it.
,Recommended,311310,24975782,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Sam,The best online naval game i've ever played by far.
76561198041156971,Recommended,311310,24975870,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,CAMMANDERHUEY,if you are loking for an age of sail MMORPG its the best one that you could possibly hope for.
76561198278892043,Recommended,311310,24985579,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,zethxyz,"You can have fun at any level... this is a really fun addictive game that takes a little time to get all the aspects of it, but the good thing is it's immediately fun and not a grind.  Google it and watch some videos and read up and you will be ready for action!"
76561198283851123,Recommended,311310,24985942,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,StrafeMike,"Easily best sailing game ever! Sailing, fighting, trading, crafting, all as beautiful as the ships of the era themselves!"
76561198050860771,Recommended,311310,24986607,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,XDKillzz,"Good game, would recommend anybody that has any interest in realitstic naval games."
76561198320435685,Recommended,311310,24988685,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,navalactiondane,"Great game! The best early access game i played so far. There is still a lot of testing so it´s not the final version of the game, but it is allready great"
,Recommended,311310,24993314,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,FrostZone [1ST NCC],I love this game.
76561198314027384,Recommended,311310,25001921,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,mrcamelot,"Naval Action has beautiful historic ships, massive open world (west indies), epic battles, deep economy, and overall challenging. You can trade and steal, build and destroy, craft ships, sink, burn or take them as prizes. Is the game i have been waiting for, and I am playing it long term.5 stars."
76561198292905236,Recommended,311310,25007338,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,sieglinde,"Excellent game for anyone interested in theAge of Sail, the level of detail in the ships istop notch and the battles are a true pleasure."
76561198154572661,Recommended,311310,25012278,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,daniel.f2000,"buy this game if you like elite dangerous, or even if you just like fight sims.  It is not a 'fast' game but therein lies its beauty.Wooden ships and iron men doing battle and trade come be Nelson, Cochrane or Jones even some frenchie admiral only the French have heard of :PPlay PvP or PvE on your own or in company."
76561198115995554,Recommended,311310,25013841,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Sam Browne,"Slow burning (if you want it to be) and very addictive.  Very pretty and something you can take at your own pace, when you have decided what your pace is.Only 22 hours in, and still (by choice) in the starter ship, I can see this game taking over where Eve Online left off, hopefully with less griefers ;)Verdict so far, 7.5 out of 10 but I fully expect this to rise to 9 / 10. Well, nothing is perfect, is it?"
76561197990108390,Recommended,311310,25027417,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Stilgar,"700+ in game. Highly recommended for anyone interested in the Age of Sails. Unique game in some respects.  (full review right after final release, parhaps)P.S. Play it with mates."
76561198092341392,Recommended,311310,25070459,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,AquilasTalon,Great simulation game even in early access
76561197962743230,Recommended,311310,25016814,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,leeroy jenkins,Was sold as soon as I saw a youtube vid of the gameplay.
76561198044994493,Recommended,311310,24974736,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,joweeboy,"One of the best games I've played and I'm quite fussy, however you do need time to adjust and get used to the gameplay."
76561198048345704,Recommended,311310,25007682,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,DocMichael,This is a game i can spend hour's in Great stuff xD
76561198304640246,Recommended,311310,25016061,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Dauntless 7,"Excellent simulation of Naval Combat in the late 1700s to early 1800s. Realistically, and reasonably, recreates all aspects of sailing, fighting and trading in the Carribean on sailing ships, without being overly complicated. Love that it is more of a simulation than an arcade style game. Really hope developers will continue to maintain as much realism as possible, and reasonable, and not let it go too ""Arcade"". Would really hate to see it become ""World of Warships cica 1800""."
76561198125634653,Recommended,311310,30938696,Posted: 4 April,all,Castor,Great game for those who want the real thing.
76561198025210642,Recommended,311310,31992265,Posted: 27 May,all,fastidius,Naval Action is a mixed bag.  The ship combat is brilliant in that it has wind factors and armour angles etc involved.  Extremely happy with combat ever since the get go in seatrials  (18 months ago).Since then they released open world and end game content where you fight in bigger numbers against each other.I say the game is a mixed bag because the developers have had many hurdles to overcome and some of the decisions have been good and bad and some changes have been tried and failed and some have been revoked etc etc.It is early access and I certainly don't think they have made the best decisions at times.  The current state of the game after the recent wipe is particularly interesting because I don't know if it actually is too hard for new players.  The learning curve can be quite steep early and the Balancing of AI vs Player is a bit harsh against learning players.All in all the game has some very good aspects and definately is worth the money if you are willing to invest a little time and heartache into the first few hours of play.I am at 1200+ hours played so i have my moneys worth.  The game has it's issues but the grind to end game is worth it.  the PVP is group based so you need to clan up and get VOIP software going like discord and Teamspeak.  It isn't really very viable as a soloists game beyond PVE.
76561198024924386,Recommended,311310,33915709,Posted: 30 July,all,steve,"In the Beginning!! Just gaining access to the server was horrible. If you're in Australia, on Iprimus and using a MP264 modem, it can be done but you leave yourself really vulnerable. But!!!Once you get past that, the game is really great. The models and mechanics of the game are well put together, be aware though that the game is being constantly changed and the servers tend to go down for an hour every day.Probably not game for young players, if you're the patient type and you don't mind waiting and building your fleet/trade, you'll love the game.Be prepared to use Youtube a lot to get information. There is a live in-game help chat where players normally help you out as you go."
,Recommended,311310,22667535,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Liq,"+ Naval Action Legends, instant pvp without any OW element- Naval Action Vanilla, aka Pirates of the Carebearrean"
76561198060623700,Recommended,311310,31662209,Posted: 10 May,all,Hullabaloo,"Naval Action in a nutshell (imho):The BAD:Devs have still not managed to find/settle on, a satisfactory OpenWorld RPG system.Introduction of new features have been few and far between.Game is difficult for new players and difficult to play solo (but it is an MMO after all). Some kind of clan affiliation is necessary (at least to start with). Becoming self-sufficient takes a lot of time investment.Player base keeps declining then resurging then declining again while RPG mechanics are being worked on, before and after each big patch.Success of Open world game remains in doubt while upcoming 'Legends'  arena version lurks in the shadows.Game is currently brutal, Eve Online type players are used to it but WoW types are shocked with realisation that the game does not hold your hand and hostile players are constantly hunting you down. (This could go in the 'GOOD' section of course, depending on your prefs)Lack of guides and tutorials make it a tough game to learn.A lot of grind to get the things you need to be able to compete at a high level.Sometimes requires very long sails which can be boring as there is very little else (in game) that you can do.The GOOD:Looks great. Ship models, skybox, sea scapes. weather and sound are all excellent.Huge Openworld really gives a feeling of distance across the map.The BRILLIANT:The Combat Engine - simply gorgeous. Simple to use and yet the tactics are infinitely complex and requires oodles of skill to execute. Easy to understand but difficult to master. A steep but seemingly never ending learning curve.So many things to consider: Wind, Manual Sailing, Rudder and Turning, Gunnery, Ammo types, Penetration, Distance, Angle, Speed, Leaks, Armor, Sails, Masts, Structure, Crew Assignment, Boarding, Repairs, etc etc etc. Neglecting any one of these often means death, but a good Captain can snatch victory from the jaws of defeat and overcome overwhelming odds. The best I have ever played.This game has it's problems yes, but the combat engine alone makes this game worth trying, 100 times over.If they finally sort the RPG mechanics it will be a true gem."
,Not Recommended,311310,20695417,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Mad Vince,"Alltogether not worth it!The game has some good points:- Its the only ""new"" sailing game- Fighting other ships is pretty strategic- Huge map- You can conquer other nation's harboursBut in my opinion, the downsides are too huge and I would give it back if I had not played for more than 2 hrs already:- Trading doesnt work except you write down all the prices every harbour pays- No other (working) features but to fight (PVP or PVE)- Ridicolous price (37€ as im writing this)- Ship control is not as ""Simulation"" as you might think from the videos- Only 1 Type of mission (which I have discovered) so far: leave harbour-kill/conquer ship- done- Ugly menusWhat I would love to see in order to make the price fair:- more beautiful menus- Proper Trading options- More different gameplay features (exploring, fishing, finding stuff, transportation, passengers, whatever)- An option to have a ""Free camera"" and a camera that allows you to see where you hit your enemy- More information on the ships hitboxes, I still havent found out if i can destroy rudders or not....I will keep watching this game and see. If it gets better, I'll change this review."
76561198004204531,Not Recommended,311310,20695076,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Raged,"Right now it is not worth the money. No turtorial, very little content, a UI that a 12 years old would be embrassed about and so many other things. If in 6 month to year they game vastly improves then it may be worth $40. The trend of paying full prices for an early access game needs to go jump off a cliff."
76561198006230548,Not Recommended,311310,20683473,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Chorazin,"Tested this out, but I can’t recommend it at the moment.I’m a huge fan of Napoleonic naval warfare and I really want to like this game, but as it currently stands this still needs a lot of work to justify the price."
76561198003922696,Not Recommended,311310,20694079,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Beans,"Game needs work. Aside from the fact that there is no tutorial or anything of the sort, here is my experience in starting this game.I created a character, picked a mission from the starting town, went out to fight the (very first!) mission boat, and the game sets me up against a ship with twice the crew and guns that I have. Using some experience in the automatching battles and the youtube tutorials I watched, I was able to disable the enemy ship to the point that it could not move. This process took around half an hour. This is a very slow paced game.So, while the enemy ship was disabled on my horizon, a black dot rolling in the waves, i took shot after carefully aimed shot. For probably 45 minutes. The guns are horribly inaccurate, so it was a crap shoot if one in 6 shots could even land. There was no discernable difference in the enemy ship (which was not moving, mind you) so I crept in a little closer, taking more shots. Hitting a few every now and again. Eventually the enemy ship I guess was still slightly moving, and then it swung wide and fired a broadside from a considerable distance (where i was having trouble landing even 1 in 6 shots) and hit almost if not all of two twelve gun broadsides, making my ship take on water and then sink.After ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ around trying to plink this allegedly level 1 AI for AN HOUR AND FIFTEEN MINUTES.What even is that balance? What on earth were they thinking?Game is completely unplayable without grinding out pvp battles for hours on end before even starting the game. And even then, balance is clearly dubious at best.If an AI is immobile and a sitting duck being shot for multiple in game day/night cycles why does it not surrender???This was such a frustrating experience that I have uninstalled the game. I may try again some other time but I really can't see wanting to put in the time investment."
76561198257785644,Not Recommended,311310,20866784,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Snylack,this is not a game for someone who does not like a very slowpaced game. the combat system is perfect if you want realism but for me turning and moving even in the original ship which is supposed to be fast was just way too tedious. the aiming with the cannons and the movement and such is very strategic and does not require any reaction time. if your looking for a timesink with superb realism go for it just not my type of game
76561197961214152,Not Recommended,311310,20737520,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Moobs,"Sailed for 45min from Charleston to to an island south near Florida for a port battle that a few of us paid 100k gold to do. There was a server wide announcement and evidentally 50 other people wanted to participate. The port battle only allowed 20 people to enter so many of us that invested the gold did not get to join.Traveling takes forever! This game reminded me of EvE Online, you'll spend 90% of your time traveling or ship spinning."
,Not Recommended,311310,26318908,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Naotix,awful devs
,Recommended,311310,31104734,Posted: 12 April,all,Grimmbit,"I accidentally bought this game and started playing it, Personally I'm obsessed with this game. I've played this game longer than I have any other game on my account. The Devs are trying the best they can and its THEIR game, and to that I say great game guys."
,Not Recommended,311310,31135128,Posted: 14 April,all,Jmthebigman,Not what it looked like in videos and pictures.Ship felt odd..staff wanting to remove global chat... asking for refund which is pending.
76561198006645095,Recommended,311310,30824408,Posted: 29 March,all,reddog25,"i will warn you people, it is very tedius and long, but the rewards you get are worth the playing, with just shy of 110 hours, as a US flag captain i will share my pros and cons with you all so you can determin if this is right for you, for me, this was worth itPros++ Great Graphics+ community is vibrant (different types of people)+ The ships are as close as you can get to historical+realistic cannon balistics (cannonball shooting+impact angle)+ fun if your patientnow for the cons-requires a decent Pc with decent RAM- need quite a good internet provider (servers tend to glitch every so often)- travel is tedius (from charelston to turtule cay would take about 1.5-3 hours if the wind is with you)other then that, if you can take the travel time (i suggest sending your ship in the direct angle and getting on youtube for 15 min intervals) then you are goodi hope this helps you people, and to those who decide to get the game, happy hunting"
76561197975125043,Recommended,311310,30937831,Posted: 4 April,all,CptSalty,"I've been watching this game for awhile now but the tons of negative views kept me at bay... And that was stupid. This game is pretty great, as is evident by the tons of b****ing by people with 1,000-ish hours of playtime complaining which is generally a good sign that the underlying game is sound.The UI is rough around the edges, as is getting started. But once you move past that you're greated by a beautiful engine, fantastic physics with engaging and immersive gameplay. Waves will lift your cannons above the horizon making you miss shots, you won't pay attention to the wind and get your ship virtually stuck not moving, you'll have your main mast blown away by cannonfire...At the time of writing the player numbers are rather low as the devs are about to reset stats but it hasn't bothered me much. Still finding plenty to see and do and helpful players to talk, fight and interact with.A++ game, don't listen to the people ♥♥♥♥♥ing and moaning with hundreds of hours of playtime. There is a reason they keep coming back and are so mad, because the underlying game is pretty fantastic.tldr - 'real combat,' sweet physics; waves are real, cannon balls are real, rekt & get rekt. UI shi**y, rough around edges, but's it's an Alpha still. F**k da haters."
76561198062887863,Not Recommended,311310,24793879,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,The Apex Predator,"You can't play this game alone. If you get attacked bu multiple ships nobody can help you. I was attacked by 7 pirates and I had to fight them all by myself. The devs really ♥♥♥♥ed this game up. It used to be a fun game, but now it's pure garbage"
76561198010963980,Not Recommended,311310,31631581,Posted: 8 May,all,Daeryck,Zero tutorial and no one is playing.
,Recommended,311310,33065839,Posted: 30 June,all,Lt. Burnside,"Naval Action is an great open world / age of sail / combat simulation game at its core.  It does have some rough edges though.  Its greatess weakness is the reliance upon a community to build its numbers to make the game more fun. For me in this game more players = more fun.Ive read tons of criticism and negative review, much of which is very acurate. The problem is then saying oh this game is not worth X or will never be Y. What game in thi genre and era comes anywhere close to this in terms of scope and strength of core game elements?  Combat is very well done, and feels very realistic. It may take a long time in battles, 30 minutes for a 1v1 battle,  larger fleet encounters of 5-20 players per side can take anywhere from 30mins - 3 hours.   But it should, sailings ships weren't fast and neither were their engagements.Diplomacy has been taken out for a short time to be worked on i believe, however the old system seemed like a step in the right direciton.  You are part of a nation English, Danes, France ect.  There was a diplomacy tab where you could click and cast votes to go to war or make an alliance with the other nations.  It didnt operate perfectly but i believe that system would play very well.  The players of any given nation decide their own path.  I would hope to see a return to a system similar to this.The economy  has elements of greatness with being able to craft, buy and sell or produce goods.  There are some problems but its nearly a player driven economy so i feel like it is what the player base makes it.  A lot of people have complained about the new patch making ships only have one life, and not being able to capture ai ships.  I think it is certainly the right direction for the game and ship economy.  Before this patch ships had 5-3 lifes, ships didnt matter, there were to many to cheap.  Now ships are valuable, it makes for better balance and the game being played the way it was intended to.  Your ship should matter, you shouldnt want to die.If you are a potential buyer of this game i would say.....Yes this game is slow, but the moments of action are intense and worth the wait.  Yes you will have to grind early on, but if you can grind to a middle level the game opens up for you and possibilities and fun begin to show up.  Yes it is hard and yes it sucks, but it is worth it.Do you like age of sail open world/sandbox style games that are focused on realism? If yes this game is for you.This is not your typical game and does not play like one, it may become something great though.In closing and what I would say to the developer, I bought in early and this game has been one of my dream games for many years.  Making this game more casual is not the direction to go.  DO NOT listen to and cater to people who want you to change what your game is at its heart, stay true to what you have built at the core of your game, do not dumb it down for whiny un-satisfiable gamers. Work on making your game more informative and user friendly for new players and victory is yours."
,Not Recommended,311310,21105542,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Damien Ramirez,"looked forward to buying this game for weeks, dont like it, mainly controls & the way the boat moves (or doesnt at times), Nail in the coffin is the high ping to servers from my location, will be requesting a refund."
76561197993719649,Not Recommended,311310,28490133,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Phelix [CBA],"Game-Labs has made the impossible possible with this. A boring ship simulator, with even more boring combat. The ships are like sponges and can take an incredible amount of abuse before sinking. Meaning the fighting isn't as much a strategic game, as much as a who can fire the most shots in the shortes amount of time. The battles are done in instances rather than open world fights and the rewards for victories are disappointing to say the least. This has potential, but as is, is just a boring time sink..."
76561198045626139,Recommended,311310,32307559,Posted: 9 June,all,CanadianFascist,"I've really dived into this game, and I understand that a lot of people are turned away by the learning curve, but holy heck this game has the best community I've ever seen. Everyone is extremely helpful, kind, and learning the ropes was amazingly easy. In its current state, the game feels rather clunky when you start playing in terms of the amount of buttons you don't know which what do, and the lack of a tutorial to offer a basic idea of where to start.Nonetheless, I honestly believe in the devs and that this game has amazing potential. I love it already!PRO TIPS:STARTING:If you decide to buy this game, when starting at your Capital city port, press the mission tab at the top left, and take 3 combat orders. These are your bread and butter combat missions against NPCs which allow for good money and XP for new players. No real need to go past midshipman difficulty, since it only increases XP per win, which isn't as important as money early on.NAVIGATION:Navigating in these ages was difficult. A storm when in the middle of the sea can get you lost, and I've found myself lost and circling an island 3 times in a heavy storm. Pretty funny when you think about it. Anyway, Press M to access your map, and press the protractor tool on the top left. Double click on your current location, and right click your destination. Then follow the red line which appears on your bottom right compass when not on map. You should be able to use this to sail to land marks, or in a straight line to your destinations. Combat order missions have white swords crossed, and say ""Combat Order"" when clicked. Otherwise, it is an event or another combat between either players or players and AI.Lost? Press the trade button on the more tab when in map, and sort ports by distance. You can now see how far you are from the nearest port, or any port in the world. Use this to find which way you need to adjust to make it the rest of the way.ATTACKED?:Some players like to look for new players to attack in order to gain PVP marks, which are an important commodity in game. Always keep an eye out, and click nearby ships to check who they are- AI will not attack you, players will always have their name displayed. When close to an enemy, try to use the wind and your (usually) smaller/faster ship to escape. The white arrow on the bottom right shows you wind direction. In your basic cutter, you should be able to get a good speed at a roughly 20-40 degree angle from the wind. If you do lose your ship, you can re-buy a free Basic Cutter in the store of any port. All other ships are lost and must be rebought if they are sunk, whereas the basic cutter will always be free- Make use of this, don't worry about big ships until you're making big money!TO TRADE OR NOT TO TRADE/MAKING MONEY:Trading is usually risky, and should be avoided until you have a grasp on the game, and some friends to help you out. Combat missions are a great place to start- Don't forget that when you sink a ship, you can loot the cargo. Pull up next to it quickly before it sinks, and under 2knots you'll be able to press X and loot the cargo. Plenty of good stuff to sell!Last thing to mention- Don't be afraid to ask for help in the Help chat. Also, Nation chat is a great place to make friends, join guilds, or group up for missions. Making money is easier with friends.GOOD LUCK! AND SHAMELESS SELF PROMOTION HERE, BUT BRITTANIA RULES THE WAVES!"
,Not Recommended,311310,20860257,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,[KOF]Chikin Nuggger,If you want a well built game with no bugs and is actually a simulator dont buy
76561198061156072,Recommended,311310,22780271,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,kwil dood,Best ship sim
,Not Recommended,311310,25440776,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ITA Hawkmoon,"good battles but bad, really bad, in the other aspect of the game, the HUD is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ the commerce is pointless, the mission assigned are the same old♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over, always in a pve battle arrive 3-2 player ship tha ♥♥♥♥s you hard and board you, losing your ship, the map movement is bad and if you want an istant battle there is nobody playing so the game stick you against ""blood"" that is only a enemy bot with a IA a little improved (not much), i shot a mast 7 times with a ♥♥♥♥ing carronade and it don't fall off, the game is barely good only when you play it in a battle with 6-8 players on each side"
,Recommended,311310,28205963,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Reversal,"It's alright, worth £20"
76561198178662227,Recommended,311310,29415800,Posted: 21 January,all,Riddick,"this is a good game, but most definitely not for everyone"
76561197961517021,Not Recommended,311310,20988567,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Conman,"Combat is SLOW. You have to go onto youtube to learn how to play. No tutorials. Trading is broken. Quest are the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ go kill a ship. Graphics are okay... chat moderators are grown men children... which is expected from this type of game. Developement is SLOW just the game itself. Cool concept, poorly executed."
76561198295357530,Not Recommended,311310,23299217,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,fighter4theman1,not what i thought
76561198149776701,Not Recommended,311310,24010074,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dumtskk,"Very dissapointing, you should have a demo. My game wont start, stuck at Player Creation. Dont blame my internet connections, my other games working fine."
76561198102967448,Recommended,311310,28114934,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,EliteDelta,"I have been playing this game for the last 8 months. It is still in the development stages, so a lot of things change from month to month, but this is probably the most enjoyable game I have ever played. If you start playing just dont get too attached to things, because it is still in alpha testing. We can all get attached once it is fully released!"
76561197971008643,Recommended,311310,31966063,Posted: 25 May,all,Uglybutler,"This game is great! And busy for the first time in ages now that the wipe has come and gone. Don't listen to them that are moaning. It's early access, things are bound to change as the game develops and sometimes that might mean losing stuff. Naval Action has the best age of sail combat i have ever experienced and sailing, hunting and trading around the carribbean is an absolutely stunning experience. There is still a ways to go, content and UI wise, but nothing beats running down a trader full of loot or trying to squeeze every last bit of speed out of your sails as inch away from a pc pirate brig that's dropped in on your loot fest and is making holes in your perfect sails in an attempt to slow you down and grind you to dust. Right now (post wipe), i'd give this game a solid 7 out of 10. Fix the UI and its an 8... Just sayin..."
76561198280364547,Recommended,311310,28925997,Posted: 1 January,all,lilmesshead,"Though I have not progressed very far in this game, I actually do quite enjoy it. It's a relaxing and extremely enjoyable game that a lot of people would enjoy...if they heard about the game. Anyways, I feel as if it needs a makeover on the sort of ""spreadsheet"" style the game has going for it. Maybe a GUI in port that allows the player to actually see his ship and view it without having to go out into the open world to see it for the first time. It has a steep learning curve for new players; I still don't know what I'm doing. I got into a redeemable ship and with my 120 crew (I needed like 320 crew to fully crew the ship) and took on another ship that had 320 crew. Let's just say I fired a few volleys and hauled♥♥♥♥♥to get out of the combat zone. I love the direction the game is headed, but I feel it needs some new changes to make sure the game itself it lively and fresh; it will ultimately attract new players."
76561198236667954,Recommended,311310,31357924,Posted: 25 April,all,Androzynth,"I have always been fascinated by the great wooden ships that sailed the seven seas. So when i first saw this game I was so hyped to jump onto the deck of a frigate and plunder the caribbean.The game looks and sounds great, with high level of detail and realism.But the game has a steep learning curve and if you're either not interested or dedicated to learn the mechanics you can easily get bored or frustrated.Personally I love the game and I would recommend to anyone that loves the Age of Sail or someone that wants a challenging but fun adventure!"
76561198254702416,Not Recommended,311310,22016910,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Trumplord,"Holy Grind hell, avoid at all costs unless you want to grind your soul away.... This game should be call Grind action, where you start at your screen for hours at a time doing nothing but watching a boat sail in open water, looking for a mission that is hard to find, and your reward is crap xp... heck you will have to invest at level 20 hours to get your first level up.... Avoid this grinder"
76561198004985596,Not Recommended,311310,21884058,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,konox1111,"Please note this is Early Access game:Pros:*Very nice battles and graphics.* Potential to be a VERY good game IF the devs listen to the players feedback.   if not this game will fail big time.Cons:NO character creation. Right now they only have a player name you can pick, you get exp and money... but no character to walk around with.NO walking around in ports or your ship..(this sadly makes me feel i dock in a port to open a badly made and uggly menu...booring...) lol not even a background.. its all gray....The names on the ports on the world map feels...wrong....There is very little MMO feeling when you dont even have a character to walk around with on your ship or ports.Feedback to help the devs/game.The devs are really good at graphics so i am sure if they want to they can make character creation, ports that you can move around in and walk into a shop or tavern etc, this will also remove the uggly menu and add MMO feeling to the game.  try add so players can walk around on their ship. maby to have a room were players can talk and plan before a battle.The XP to gain new lvls is crazy korean grinding...it takes a looong time.. so your stuck in your newbe cutter ship for DAYS. you can handle a crew of 40 as a new player..  next rank is only 60....then i gess 80. 100. 120 ..but to gain next ship you need a crew of 120 ... it takes a looong time.....so please dont scare the players away with extreme xp grind...more players at endgame big ships = more fun for everyone. !  =)Untill they fix the ports, character creation, the uggly Port Menu , Dubble the xp gain,  i cant recommend this to anyone."
76561197989041049,Not Recommended,311310,21964314,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,nomoredroids,"This game should be about naval strategy and tactics. Living life on the ocean. Finding quarry and pursuing it, and instead finding yourself at the mercy of a better ship and needing to flee. Dealing with situations like that is what I wanted. Instead, this game is mostly about doing missions and grinding XP so you can get a better ship.You are stuck in the worst ship (quite literally) for ages, grinding up small amounts of XP until you can adequately crew a less terrible ship. At which point you'll begin a longer grind for another less terrible ship. At which point you'll do it again, etc. The problem with progression like this is that for one, it limits options. It creates a linear path for Captains to follow that is inescapable, and this game purports to be about options. The second problem with this is that if every player can eventually captain any ship, there's no reason to have smaller ships. Players will only ever consider themselves viable when they're able to captain the largest ships, because that's the cap, and indeed, those ships are better suited to a fight. If every player can reach cap and get the best ships, all you'll have are the best ships; why would anyone come to a fight without the best? And the third issue I take with this is that the first couple of Ranks simply aren't fun. Nor are they thoughtful. They do not present you with a feeling of advancement (from your Midshippman to Ensign Ranks which require hourse of work you can have a max of 40, then 60 crew, which is so slight an advantage as to be laughable). They just aren't enjoyable, and I don't have any desire to put any number of hours into a game so that it becomes enjoyable. A game must be learned of course, especially if it has any depth. But you will learn Naval Action and still find that there are hours left before you can do anything worthwhile.I will refuse to propose a solution here because this is a review. And in review I'd say that there are a few advantages to having a multiplayer-only game. The first is the living economy. The second is that it creates multiple layers of interaction. But the downside of all this is that to prevent uniformity in players, a scale of progression must be established. Unfortunately the implementation in Naval Action is bland, uninspired, and hopelessly repetitive. It is worse that because of it, you are so limited in your available activities, and worse still in that it forces obsolescence onto every ship you captain until you reach the apex of progression.If you are looking for a game about sailing and fighting and privateering in an open world, my advice is to Follow this game if you are interested, and see how or if it changes. I would not advise a purchase."
76561198033970038,Not Recommended,311310,22990952,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Artlizardmlw,Game constantly crashes.  I wouldn't know if it is fun or not.
,Not Recommended,311310,21981630,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Nazi Jesus,"Not enough content to justify $40. Dev's ""suggest"" I change my name because it does not meet standards, however once a character is made name changes are not possible without deleting the single player you have created. Not much of a suggestion to ask a player to do something they cannot do. Community is back stabbing, pirates will attack their own kind for profit. Community is toxic. Guild's should be renamed ""I would but"" squads since everyone always finds an excuse to not fight or back up fellow players. Connection drops while in battle causing you to lose high value ships. Wait for this to hit the bargain bin."
76561198188799069,Not Recommended,311310,21931766,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Capt Rogers,"The game is Very entertaining and  the combat is very fun..that being said finding missions is extremely difficult.you could spend an hour just finding a mission or maiting out a storm caus eyou cant find you X in the fogIf you use profanity you will have your chat privaledges revoked.If you play Naval Action you are bound to sets of rules not posted inside the game. The devs will make up rules instead of fixing in game issues and punish the player base for mistakes they have made rather than fixing it.WHEN YOU PURCHASE THIS GAME YOU MUST REGULARLY CHECK INTO A GARBAGE FORUM(not in steam) OR RISK GETTING BANNED FOR THINGS THE GAME ALLOWS.If you are disliked in the game you can be brought on charges in a biased 3rd party ""tribunal"" and receive a ban. I have never in my life seen a game that you must frequently check changing rules that are not posted in the game. I like the game and will play it in the future but currently it is not worth $56 CAD to play 2 seperatly games... forum pvp and open sea pvp.The DEV's And Moderators in this game are very ""if you dotn play nice with others youll get banned"" kinda typesCurrently in the process of trying to recive a refund......Dev's and Mods will strip your rank and gold for no reason. they say you get warning befor ehand but you will not.Please check outhttp://forum.game-labs.net/and read alot of info befor you purchase this game or well you may not end up being able to play vem tho you bought it untill actuall release day."
76561198044444394,Recommended,311310,26437136,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dirtydiggler,The game has changed and been updated alot since release. Its a fun game and worth the money if you like ships.
76561198040960696,Recommended,311310,26467483,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GIbbralter,"If your looking for a game that you can play casual, and still have fun, this is the game,  lots of things are being changed in the game, but, this dev team is one of the best ive ever seen, lots of depth, good crafting, and trading is something to study if you want to make money, not an action game but a great stragety game"
76561198008045768,Recommended,311310,26353715,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,natural,"One of the best game out there,loved so much."
76561198085850075,Not Recommended,311310,23643200,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Damian2013,"Sucks! Dont buy it! Its a waste of money, people don't know how to put a good game together. Not worth $39.99!!!"
,Recommended,311310,33902284,Posted: 30 July,all,Izrid,A promising game that is still under development. Very much playable and enjoyable in its current state.Only downside is the incredibly salty community. Find a clan or play with friends to get the most out of this game
,Recommended,311310,23112788,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,JustObeyGames,"Fantastic game for sea lovers. The basics are good and there are not a lot of bugs.If i could make a few wishes it would be:make the interface clean, now its a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥.I need fishing.More kinds of Weather.And a offical youtube channal with updates and tutorials.I cant wait for the full release."
76561198304611645,Recommended,311310,34270929,Posted: 16 August,all,PLaYa PLaYa,Nothing better than mobbin around in a big ship blowing other big ships up. You're not a person. You're a ship. You get that adrenaline going whether your chasing fools or being chased. Other than the long grind to unlock slots this game is cool. You'll get hooked if you make it through your first day. Watch some youtube videos on manual sailing so you don't get stuck in irons and die. High learning curve for sure.
,Not Recommended,311310,22465256,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,RedneckSOD,"Disclaimer: I am fully aware the state of this game is Alpha Testing, and this review is for that and the current state of the game as of 4/16/2016.Note: This is geared towards new players or players who are thinking about purchasing this game.Started playing before the patch that broke everything and before that point it seemed like a solid game and was playable as a new player. Then that dreaded patch it and it is basically impossible now to do much of anything as a new player.There is a somewhat decent learning curve to this game and I am perfectly fine with that, learning to actually aim your cannons vs the distance your target is at, is great and I loved playing, but when the AI can hit you not only harder but with unrealistic accuracy for a new player to fight against. Well lets just say I will not be launching this game for a while.I am fully aware that I am new and that I suck, and if it were just that alone I would be posting this I would just set down the game and walk away, but when I have a clan mate, who has been playing since steam launch and is very decent at this game, and he is unable to defeat a Midshipman's mission with the starting gear we get, tested with each cannon type, then how are we, the players who have under 10 hours play and no really knowledge of the game?This game has a ton of potential and I would love to see this issues fixed and then and only then would I be willing to change this review and say yes this game is worth it, until no thanks."
76561198110129660,Recommended,311310,34132071,Posted: 9 August,all,lawson.janice,"Naval Action creates a fantastic experience of the age of sail and the exploring opportunities are vast as you can sail in the open world which I believe prevents the player becoming bored. However I think that some first person views at the tiller or the ships wheel would portray the shear size of these vessels much better than the current open world views. I believe that some previous patches for the game included a first person view however this must have been removed and I think that is spoiling the game. The battles are immersive and enjoyable and the gun sounds are loud and strong and the detail on the sailing ships including sheets, blocks and tacks is very impressive and the sails can be controlled manually in battle and in battle only which is another let down.Overall the game is very detailed in representing the age of sail however I think it needs further development especially for £29.00 but the gameplay itself and the visual quality is mind blowing in my opinion so i'm giving it a 7/10"
76561198015532222,Not Recommended,311310,21962036,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Kosa,BIGGEST CRAP EVER!Pros:Pirates!Cons:Full of bugsBattles very very boringBoarding imposible due to stupid limit of 4knsNPC stupid as hellNo content - only PVP and some silly missionsAsking for money for game at this stage is.... robbery.
76561198253920727,Recommended,311310,21597325,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Samstwcses,"This game is a awesome game, i really love it. but if when we boarding and fight, i hope they can make it more real in the future, not just a menu that we chose what to do."
,Recommended,311310,21433719,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Slimtoe,"Wow, I was blowen away by how big this game is, one of the ""more you learn, the more you enjoy "" type games."
76561198050029761,Recommended,311310,21479841,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,"TX1000 ""ArmRaider""","This game brings me back to the days of Sid Meier's Pirates. It has the feel of combat coming from Black Flag, and the likes of naval battles found in the Total War seires. I've only had 10 hours in the game and haven't really left my small area near my starting port yet It has kept me enthralled. It is a game of patience at some times when it comes to travel due to the size of the world yet this smooth sailing I don't find dull but more of a nice break after battle. Of course if you want non stop battle you still have that ability. So far great game no bugs seen. Can't wait to see what is added."
76561198175133681,Not Recommended,311310,34676074,Posted: 1 September,all,Ghidorahlord,"Wow, you reset everyones hard earned progress, I wonder why people give this game mixed reviews...I personally have no clue -_-"
76561197970752601,Recommended,311310,26060484,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,TikijoeTots,I love the game. Graphics are beautiful and the naval combat is spot on but what makes this game great is the community. Everyone is extreamly helpful and will go out of their way to help you progress. Proabably one of the best gaming communities I've ever seen. My only complaint is the lack of content and stuff todo while sailing. I feel like I spend too much of the gameplay walking away from my computer and back at 15 minute intervals because it takes so long to get anywhere. I have limited time to play games and alot of times I don't feel like spending 45 mins + just looking around at empty ocean on my way somewhere. Thats about my only complaint. I've enjoyed all other aspects of the game so far and look forward to whats coming.
,Recommended,311310,26070155,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Honourable Bluetooth,"This game is stunning. I am 500+hours in.Remember though its Alpha but wow it is awesome.ignore the Anti Dev brigade ( they mostley  left because they did not get their own way) and enjoy what will become an amazing MMO.BUT:My advice is to google the tutorials and watch these on how to make money, combat etc they really help you settle in.You can play PVP or PVE and join a clan or be like me and dont its up to you. Super helpful community with some really nice people.This is my first MMO and I am loving it. If you like a rich history, slow paced action game style, intense combat, PVP or PVE, ecomomy, mission, customisation, freedom then you will love it to."
76561198058117071,Not Recommended,311310,25243761,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TroubledBeast,Pay 29.99 for a game and then it says 'Servers will be closed in 15 minutes for N/A amount of time'Not really acceptable to be honest lads. In its current form it isn't worth more than a tenner.Good fun though.
76561197972648119,Recommended,311310,26045524,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Larakhon,"Greetings,I have been gaming for quite some time, since early nineties, and I have to admit that this game surprised me a lot in a very possitive way. This game is a true masterpiece and for me it is among the best games which were ever created. It's just awesome. I admire attention to details the most, for it's more or less a simulator of age of sail warfare. I like the community on PvP EU which is great, some hardcore, some casual, all sorts of players.Though the anti dev people have some valid points, please remember that the game is still in development. I don't focus on the fraction of the work which is still tuned, but instead I appreciate the 99 percent of the work which was done right by the devs. They do a tremendous job on the title. Thumbs up for courage to program such non-mainstream title. If you like age of sail just go get it."
76561198081371175,Recommended,311310,31949863,Posted: 25 May,all,Iwanty4o,"One of the best games i played so far.In terms of the quality of the ship models, variety of available ships and the vast open world modeled after the caribbean.The competition for ports in huge port battles aswell as open world pvp and pve battles raging from 1-20+ ships allows for a variety of different play styles. Wandering the open seas as a lone wolf or as part of a bigger fleet with your friends or one of the nice and helpfull communities here in Naval Action.Traders , Crafters and Merchants will also have their own share of fun through an abundance of resources, Ports and Islands aswell as ships and modules that can be crafted and sold in the player based economy."
76561198127402574,Not Recommended,311310,33874334,Posted: 28 July,all,Protus,"The game is clunky a bit and steep learning curve....The battles are fun in a way, but the dead wind in missions has to go it is a GAME BREAKER and not worth the money for this game period.  Sorry guys fix the dead wind in battle where you can be winning a battle and then get locked into not being able to move for 10 mins and watch as your ship gets torn to pieces and you lose all your hard earned work.  Not acceptable.-100If things change and its more playable in battle then i might change.But as I said no way is this game worth the price simply because of this battle wind issue."
76561198035435035,Not Recommended,311310,21642011,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Hoots,"Only new to this game. 2nd day of playing. One of the best ideas for a long time.1st day, great, new.2nd day, wtf?Good points.---Originality.Bad points--- Lots.Cannon/ Combat --- cannons that are so woeful that a gunnery officer could have no fear of putting his head over the open end and shouting 'fiiiiire' when loaded. They're that useless. They make ancient world arrows look like anti ship missiles by comparison. I'm also so impressed by my ability to pass a whole broadside between the deck and the mainsail boom. A bloody big ship to hit and I hit a 6 foot gap along the whole length of the ship and damage nothing. This is only surpassed by my ability to put chain shot through existing chain shot holes in an enemies sail and cause no damage whatsoever. I've also had the moral quandry of whether to run away or just surrender my vessel. Surrendering is todays favourite as it's quicker to just start again rather than wait to flee, wait to sail allllll the way back to port and then get repaired. Only to pick up another mission. It's just an endless ball ache after coming up against higher classed AI opponents, repeatedly. I also today had an unexplainable pause during cannon loading. The timer just stopped while the enemy reloaded and blasted away at me twice. My poor gun crews must've been taking a♥♥♥♥♥break.Trade--- difficult to turn a profit. You can buy an entity produced in one place and needed in another only to find it's cheaper to buy in the needed place. That's like buying water from a man in the middle of the sahara desert cheaper than from a man living next to a river. Yesterday I actually bought something and sold it instantly in the same port for a profit. The Sell was higher than the Buy price. So when demand exceeds supply in a port the Sell prices go down?AI---The AI hits 9 times out of 10. We should send that AI to fight WW3.AI--- An AI ship can tack through the wind twice to put two broadsides into you before you've done it once and brought your cannon to bear.AI--- The AI has a habit of putting a high level ""Master and Commander"" rank into a Privateer class ship against a low level ""Midshipman"" mission in a measly Basic Cutter. There's only one winner. Plus the larger heavier Privateer can turn on a sixpence and the small Cutter takes 1/2 a mile to do a half circle. Personally I've never seen an oil tanker at sea out turn a speed boat.I know now why Cortez burnt his ships when he reached the New World. He'd played Naval Action on the way over. Similarly I have the urge to beach my Basic Cutter into the shallows, burn the cow with fire, urinate on her for good measure, then walk away and join the Army. At least they had proper guns that bits came out of the end."
76561198009668217,Not Recommended,311310,22230010,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,jrogers922,"Game is great, typical problems for an alpha release. Developers will definitrly need to get better communication if they plan a successful launch. No pre release info, most releases come with patch notes. They say they will not make any major decisions without information, but rarely fulfill this. Server instability is typical for aplha, and as there is no information when sevrers do go down, can be frustrating if it is only your server. 2/10 would not recommend to others."
,Not Recommended,311310,22569066,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,PilotNL,"Normally I do not review a pre-release game after so little playing time, but on this one I feel that I have to warn people before spending a massive 30-odd pounds or equivalent on this game.After reading the reviews and looking at the screenshots I was exaulted! This would be my new favourite game.Maybe my expectations where a bit too high? But in the pre- and reviews things like accurate sailing physics where mentioned more than a few times.This is the greatest disappointment of all, sure you need to tack your ship by hauling the masts in the correct seaquence. however even if you have no clue what that means, just leave auto-skipper on and your ship will happily sail like in any other arcade shooter game.Being a sailor myself (no longer proffesional but still for hobby) I tried some tactics on the cutter only to find out that they don't work. One of those tactics would be to sail opposite to the enemy, turn into wind, push out the spanker, opposite rudder and drift backwards. Although all these mechanics exist in the game, the ship doesn't respond correctly to those stearing inputs. instead the direction relative to the wind only has infuence on the total speed of the ship, the stearing relies 100% on the rudder (apparently no effect of heal etc.) and as a result the ship becomes uncontrolable going backwards at 0.2 knots.Sure this is a pre-alpha release but as this is the very core of the game I can only hold faint hope that this is merely an unpolished aspect.If you like arcade pirate shooters, go for it. if you like Age of Pirates 2 multiplayer? go for it. If you like scentec sail simulator 5? stay away from this... at least for now.I will keep this review updated if the sailing physics improves, but for now, alas, thumbs down :("
76561198211694427,Recommended,311310,20797711,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,death,"its a great game and is very addicting, but there are issues and yes its an alpha but these need to be addressed now before its a full game.1.) the aiming- the aiming is terrible, i cant find out where to aim with it, its a thin red or white line when i aim at the enemy ship, the cannons fly right over the ship when i aim at the water it shoots to low. its just very annoying and needs to be fixed and updated.2.) the map- the map is very little help as all it does show the land masses and how big the map is, BUT THERE IS NO INDICATOR OF WHERE YOU ARE AT, NO ARROW OR DOT OR LINES OF TRAVEL. now its realistic but i think for players sanity of finding out where to go needs to be updated.3.) now if you like it hardcore then skip this if you do. you pay alot for your ships then they sink 5 times thats it, its gone, you can of course buy repair kits for nearly 3000 gold for each on a 5th rate, i get it but the price of ships need to be lower abit for that (FYI there are 7 rates and a 5th rate can cost up to 150000 gold and there are limited numbers of ships that can be bought in the port so you might not see the ship you want avalible).NOW that is out of the way the goods. its a very realitic game though the ai is stupid but i wish you could walk on your ship but I cant deny i put hours into this game. the level up is a bit weird but you will understand it later and for an very new alpha it has alot of potental to be one of the best games ever. big open world sailing on your own vessal the size of the HMS VICTORY is pretty cool i think. and there are plenty of nations to choose to be, even a pirate. plenty of varity of ships as well so i still recommend it and support this amazing game just a few errors but its new i'll cut it some slack.NOW THEN YA LANDLUBBERS, SEE YA AT SEA.SET SAIL, HOIST THE ANCHORS, DOUSE THE ROYALS"
,Recommended,311310,20734549,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Spitzenhund,"Great game, It's EvE in the 1700's. If you are going to play though don't play as Britian or Pirates. They are overcrowded."
,Recommended,311310,22323615,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Count Wulfric,"Here is my short note about current feelings :Great game for anyone who is over 30 like me now or under 30 like i was and tried and later loved real sailing , great game for everyone who loved Pirates! in the old days, just awesome for every Pirates Ahoy! www hobbyst, refreshing for all Sea Dogs vets, and in the end for EVERYONE.Naval Action still rocks and sing about Drunken Sailor even now in Early Access. Great future. Just WORK HARD DEVS.It is best game about historic sailing ever created. Don't stop with updates.8/10+ :+ game even now is very relaxing !+ offers countless hours of plain sailing fun+ ship models are just..... my God+ battles are good+ if You even want to try how it feels to sail here You can+ sounds, immersion, feeling of climate+ just great+ many people playing- : (but it's early access)- lack of tips, tutorial, kind of introduction- lack of features like more port styles- UI needs some work- lack of ability to walk on deck in FPP {like in Sea Dogs}\- it just screams for some (even text ) ""adventure"" options  like in old Sid Meier's Pirates!- it NEED CLEAR and IMMERSIVE - TRADE system with some nice UI- models are great but damage model could be more detailed like in War Thunder mmo- sails, flags , needs more physics- we need freaking COMPASS on the screen"
,Recommended,311310,23299759,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,reh3dzone,"Being an EA/Alpha/Beta or whatever it happens to be now, this game has an amazing reality to it that makes the game play quite fun and interesting. The devs are always taking player input to develop a well balanced game of fun with realism. Monthly updates and what seems to be weekly patches keep adding more and more flavor to the game.I look forward to following this game and playing it's full release....hopefully very soon!"
,Recommended,311310,20701515,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Buddha Fett,Booty
,Recommended,311310,22658418,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Dutchy,Game needs a bit of tweaking but looks really good !
,Recommended,311310,22665128,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,RNGESUS,"If you cant navegate, please dont play. The playerbase is fairly hardcore, but the combat mechanics and sailing physics are really well done. They added a crafting system recently, and they keep adding new stuff. Hopefully the UI gets better, but you get used to it, and it matches the game well7.1/10 too much water"
76561198130022864,Recommended,311310,23219633,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,TheMightyBritish(™B),"he Famous the one and only Cpt Jack Jones Bones Master sailor Last seen sailing tormenting the British  near Port Royal,Me name is Cpt Jack Jones Bones I fear ne man an te wind will always be in me favor , Im ne scum aye aye im just a man tryin te make a livin te best i can , Doing whatever I must to feed my family. Me crew and a bottle of rum an my gud ole ship  is all i need and the wind at my sales aye aye .The Famous the one and only Cpt Jack Jones Bones Master sailor Last seen sailing tormenting the British  near Port Royal,"
,Recommended,311310,23302163,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Skippercaptain,"Truly my favorite game. It combines the best of sailing, combat, trading, crafting, and open world exploration"
76561197974713479,Recommended,311310,21370686,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Slamz,"This may be the greatest PvP game I have ever played. And to be clear, I have played literally almost every MMORPG ever made, all on PvP servers, and all were pretty inadequate. My entire gaming career has been PvP, since the days of text based online MUDs. I'm old. Whatever.Question 1: Do you like sailing ships? If no, then don't get this game.Question 2: Do you enjoy ""war simulation"" pacing? If you need constant action, then don't get this game.Question 3: Do you like PvP? If yes, and if also yes to questions 1 & 2 then get this game.I cannot speak as to whether PvE players will like this game. I feel the PvE content is not rich enough by itself. There is 1 PvE server (and 3 PvP servers) as of right now and I have no idea why anyone plays the PvE server.Grind warning: there is some 'grind'. Your starter ship is limited fun and it may take you a dozen hours or more to really get out of it. That said, it is actually an effective PvP ship (no, seriously, try it in a group of like 5 of them and just go wolfpack hunting. You'll be surprised. To a big ship it's like being attacked by a swarm of killer bees) and you can participate in ""Small Battles"" off the Missions screen, that are basically PvP arena/cage matches. These ""Small Battles"" aren't a focus of the game but for a new player they can be a way to hop into quick fights for gold and XP until you're ready to try the open sea.When you're ready for the real game, it's there, and it's a pretty epic wargame. Imagine EVE if the combat didn't suck. Imagine Planetside with a world map strategy and resource control component. Imagine Pirates of the Burning Sea without the draconian ""fair fight"" mechanics that broke up your groups and guilds.This IS early access.Expect map wipes.Expect gold and asset wipes.Expect some crude interfaces for areas of the game that have not been fleshed out yet.The devs have said they will never reset our XP but anything else is on the table.If you can accept that then just get it. It really is the best GROUP FRIENDLY PvP experience I have ever had."
,Not Recommended,311310,31025671,Posted: 8 April,all,sworah,This game is very boring.
76561198045537907,Recommended,311310,34242458,Posted: 14 August,all,Spar Nine,"I've really enjoyed Naval Action so far, and have had the pleasure of meeting some great people through the game.The best thing that I can say about the game is that it offers great combat mechanics.  In my view, this is the most important aspect to focus on--a fancy UI, while nice to have, is not nearly as important. Winning a battle depends to a great extent on pilot skill (crew allocation, cannon aiming, ship handling, positioning relative to the enemy); and having a tremendously powerful ship is no guarantee of a win.  In PvP, often several smaller ships will devour lone lineships.  Sail with a group as this is a multiplayer game and is not easily played solo.  This also goes for production--it's not easy to produce a lineship by yourself using only resources you've personally harvested, nor should it be.  Trade with other players to get what you're looking for.Recent development changes have trended towards making the game more difficult, which I agree with, though beginners can still get a feel for the combat without risk, as the beginner ship type and it's repairs are free--sinking or taking damage doesn't entail a cost until you buy a larger ship.  Though once you've bought a larger vessel, it does not respawn after being sunk/captured--don't sail what you cannot afford to lose.Given that the game is still in development, you can expect there to be changes.  I'm inclined to believe that a lot of the recent negative reviews are motivated by an asset rebalance/reset that occured a few months back, and a number of players that had accumulated (and thereby lost) many items were sufficiently disappointed to lose interest.  I can understand this, though in my view this was necessary to achieve a better sense of balance, as powerful items acquired in early alpha would have given older players an overwhelming advantage.On the whole, you're going to have a lot more fun if you play the game with other people.  Joining up with an existing clan, or starting off with a few friends makes it worthwhile.  Make use of the extensive third party resources--guides to ship building, trading, and combat can be easily found online and help to give you an idea of where to start."
76561197968286906,Recommended,311310,21098967,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,eklipz,Very good and stable early access title. Very fun battles and gameplay and okayish MMO aspects. My 87 hours in one week might give you a hint ...
,Recommended,311310,21058020,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Eycing,Ever best naval game in my life.
76561197966808654,Recommended,311310,20725115,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Leif Ericson,Really Fun and very in depth battles that take skill.
76561197986529292,Recommended,311310,21407766,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Weissenwulf,"Outstanding game so far. Naval Action captures the difficulty, chaos, and terror of naval combat unlike any other game since Silent Hunter III. Its open world is influenced heavily by EVE Online and Mount & Blade, and while systems are rudimentary, they are all in tact and functioning. The size of the world is truly impressive -- the entire Caribbean, modelled precisely. It takes about 3 real-life hours to cross the map, if you have the wind... The political system is very intriguing and already shaky alliances have formed between certain nations.Gameplay is remarkably tight for an early access title -- I have encountered literally no bugs, glitches, freezes, etc. The combat is difficult but accessible for new players, and the graphic fidelity in the battles is basically AAA quality -- think a cross between Wargame: Airland Battle and World of Warships at max settings but with MUCH better ocean, sound and smoke effects. Ships are modelled in much more clarity and detail than WoWS and waves and storms can dramatically influence battles.This game needs more press and exposure. I've played every major war game, sim, etc., and Naval Action is the most promising I've played in a long time.Is it worth $40? Absolutely. The test UI is clunky and certain features need iteration, but the game is pretty much there and without the glitchy nonsense that afflicts most Early Access titles. This is 100% more polished than Day Z SA."
76561197960283782,Recommended,311310,21603811,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,fatyr,"""NAVAL ACTION IS AN EXCITING, REALISTIC, AND BEAUTIFULLY DETAILED NAVAL COMBAT GAME IMMERSING PLAYERS INTO THE EXPERIENCE OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PERIOD OF NAVAL HISTORY - WHEN SAILING SHIPS RULED THE SEAS.""Best historical naval game with large open world in the market!very addictive"
76561197989471745,Recommended,311310,21170638,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Che,"Great gameplay with quite a decent amount of issues. Most of them you'll ecounter only when u join end-game, so u should not be worried for some time.I had alot of magic hours there, sailing my frigates, selling ships, capturing ports and kicking all the nations asses as Pirate.However after 300h in game i dont have much new experience,so i'll wait from here for initial release. Hope they will be able to fight exploits in game mechanics and finish such amazing sailing game.thx for reading"
,Recommended,311310,21177542,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Pvt. Connohan [42ndPA],"NameAgePatrick16Wow, let me take this opportunity to say how greatly detailed and beautiful this game truly is. It really shows the beauty of the age of sail. If you find interest in the time period I would defiently reccomend this game to you. It is worth every single penny.Only thing that is not so cool about it, is that it can get very repetetive. It takes a lot of time to rank up, but I do believe that is how it should be. Very hard to start out, but when you get the hang of it you will find it hard to stop playing."
76561198131636827,Recommended,311310,21173360,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Yegg,"So i was playing this game, but the NSA caught wind that i was playing this game and they sent a secret agent after me to take me out. But i escaped and am now living in bosnia herzegovina in disguise as an elderly hunter with down syndrom living out in the forrest, I have made friends with some of the local squirrels after I caught them nawing my testicles off of me."
76561198026218655,Recommended,311310,25004512,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,YerDaSellsTheAvon,"Very fun, a lot of the bad reviews are based around things that are being worked on. Like the UI, yes its not great, but as it says in game, its a placeholder until they get all other features implememnted and working. And with all other EA games, there are constant patches, yes some end up breaking things, but these all get fixed within a few weeks, just like any other EA game. this game is constantly expanding and getting better."
,Recommended,311310,23256883,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,pixeltender,"""THIS GAME BE FIVE YARS""  ~~~  She be loaded with great sea wise notion, like excelent sail controls, n' the way wind effects sail positioning. Thar be swells that'll pitch yer shots somth'n frerce. Play yer sails to roll yer ship fer better shot angles or tighter turns. Rise yer ship up a swell into the under quarterbow of a cresting ship just rite n ye might capsise the blighmininy. Many momentum effects like surfing.... THE DEVS/ ARR LISTENING, AND DOING SOME AWSOME STUFF...  she's still a growing storm  ☼;)  ... There's a great comunity, good econimy, fun and growing open world ,,, She takes some learning and the patience of a real sailor (who swears alot)... but she's Relaxing, Exciting, Sailing,,,"
,Recommended,311310,23281833,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,OGBonbill,"This game is great, however...After awhile of playing, you start doing the same things over and over again. I know that sme people like to grind in games, but to me, it's not appealing. Still fun tho so ima recommend :)."
76561198040810914,Recommended,311310,23177340,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Bobbinator7,"=== More Complete Than A Lot of Recent AAA's === Does Combat for the Era Justice ===Even for an Early Access review, I can definitely recommend this game. It does naval battles very well, but it also does an open, real time world very well too. The game has plenty of content in terms of both progression and exploration. The world is huge. It sort of simulates a live economy of goods and services. There's also almost a dozen factions/countries with a pretty decent community so far.The game plays well and looks good. There are a ton of 'Pros'. The only two 'Cons' is that it's a massive time Vampire and there are a couple of bugs that are super annoying right now. I imagine the later will get fixed, but the first is going to be up to you.It's all multiplayer and getting together with friends is easy, fun, and fairly balanced. I wouldn't say it's dependant on playing with friends, too; it's got plenty of content."
,Recommended,311310,20922723,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Tai Lopez the Great,"Best game ever, I've been looking for a new game to play for a long time, and this is it 10/10 great game."
,Recommended,311310,21064105,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Zlegoguy,I rammed someone and they capsized 7/5.
,Recommended,311310,21128481,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,C0DEx,"One of the best early access games I have ever played.I encountered like 2 or 3 little bugs in more than 40 hours playing it.If you disable anti aliasing (currently drops FPS into nowhere) you get a great performance even with lots of ships in a battle.The servers never crashed so far and the ping was always around 20-30ms. No lag at all.The game itself is great so far. There is a lot of content for an early access game and you can do a lot of things from piracy over crafting huge ships to run missions or hunt hostile fleets (NPC and players).The ships are very balanced and every ship has it's own advantages and disadvantages compared to others of the same class.The NPCs you will mostly fight will get better if you climb up ranks and you will have a hard challenge every now and then.If you like a rather slow combat style, ships, open world and a ton of cannons - this game might be something for you.The game has a lot of potential and I'm sure the devs will know how to make use of it.I cleary recommend the game and I would pay the 37€ again."
,Recommended,311310,20908926,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Epicwarding,Good game - if you want to enjoy itFollow These Steps#1 Join a Clan#2 Join a Clan#3 Join a Clan? = Profit
,Recommended,311310,21140421,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,A. Chatterton,"Loving the game. Less than 12 hours in, the game is packed full of action and adventure. Not only that, but it's actually the best Age of Sail game I've ever seen. Literally. Early Access truly does not exist to these developers in their dictionaries. They have dedicated their time to make one of the best games in the Naval category. After starting as a basic cutter, you progress through the ranks of your nation (or ""pirate nation"") and end up being a First Rate ship of the line*. During this time you'll experience friendships, hardships, fun, and other emotions. But in the end, you love the game and enjoy the work you've taken in over the time of such. You learned how to trade, how to fight, and how to ship as a naval captain.If you want to play a game filled with adventure, action, the sea, and naval combat, then this is the right game for you. Maybe you just want something to waste your time on? Then this is your game. I recommend purchasing this game in Early Access for multiple reasons that are too much to explain on this. In other words, you'll have a great time with this title.*I do not currently own a 1st Rate ship. I am merely only giving you an example."
76561198347070593,Recommended,311310,35140087,Posted: 22 September,all,D2 nater3653,i love to play this game but i hate the fact that i keep bieng killed by a wasa when i have a class 6 brig that jioned with its 32 guns on my 8 pls make it much more fair for us lower levels
76561198028163627,Recommended,311310,35443004,Posted: 3 October,all,gusTTaFa,"First of all - this game is not that hard as it looks like. Problem is, there is 0 guidline what would tell you what to do, how to do it, or what your options are, informations on internet are old and you will need to learn how to play it by yourself and by asking other players in chat channels. In my case they always answered my questions. You will slowly learn how it works and then you will find out it is pretty simple.This game is in alpha. You can feel it from unfinished simple hud, there are bugs, there are missing features and development its set on slow pace so I can understand bad reviews from people who wants everything as fast as possible. But game is not dead, at pvp server there is around 500 people who plays everyday, so do not be afraid that you will be alone. If you love ship battles, pirates, trading, robbing, capturing ports, big fleet battles and etc, this game will give you lot of fun.It is probably best to play with other people, I had only chance to play alone but Im having fun anyway.Bottom line is - if you ever wanted be captain of historic ship, or pirate, or trader and you do not mind slow development, bugs, unfinished game features and you have spare money - go for it. If you dont - wait for at least beta or full game, if that ever will be. Or dont buy it at all. It is not arcade. Moving around open world seems like arcade, your ship moves faster than usual, steering unrealistic, but battles are like simulation, slow pace, you need tactic and if you fail something, you can lose your ship very quickly."
76561198136664312,Recommended,311310,35374301,Posted: 1 October,all,Ross the Great,"So far in playing PvE It's been a whole lot of fun, the UI needs some work but it says ""Test UI"". The trading is a bit weird and I still don't have it figured out but so far it's still pretty decent. The crafting is fairly fun too, even for ""crafting"". The combat is fantastic, flat out no questions asked. Not to say it can't be improved but there are other more important things to look at.As it stands the playerbase seems to have left the game (or I'm getting on at the wrong time) however it's still lots of fun for people who like UCO or those kinds of games. 7/10"
76561198199396303,Not Recommended,311310,20711084,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Letourneau91,"This game has a serious case of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ players. you will spend a half hour prepping to board and capture a ship for some♥♥♥♥♥♥to come along, watch you work, then swoop in and take it for himself and there is♥♥♥♥♥♥you can do about it cause he or she is the same faction as you. absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.***UPDATE***Now that the playerbase has dwindled down to nothing i no longer have this problem. This game feels more like a tech demo, let me explain why. The naval combat part of this game is awesome with one exception: the boarding. Boarding is just a Rock, Paper Scissor spreadsheet of sorts. Sailing around the overmap looks pretty but is devoid of any activity. Music and a more indepth crew system would help a tremendous amount. This might include food/water managment and moral system similar to PIRATES!, and recruiting and assigning officers and crew individually similar to STO, and having a visual representation of being in port similar to World of Warships would help a tremendous amount. In its current state, this game is a great tech demo, but a poor game. Have hope though, its still in alpha."
76561198027347032,Recommended,311310,20723179,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Muppetlord,"When I first started playing this game is was disapointed. I didn't really know what to expect.I felt like it was just like Elite but with ships. And it kinda is and it kinda isn't.Naval Action is a truly unique game.You join a faction at the start of the game (You can make several characters with different nations) and based on that you are placed somewhere in the HUGE world of this game which takes place in the carribbean, of course. Not all locations are based on real places however. But that's good Imo because it offers more places to explore.This is an early access game but it doesn't feel at all like it's in beta or anything. I haven't come across a single bug. Only thing I noticed was that I could buy iron and sell it for a higher price than I bought it for, in the same port, it fixed itself after I've sold only a few iron ingots, so I didn't get rich. (sadface)The one thing they could do better is the UI. It's perfectly functional but it's not very good looking.And more ships...But I'm sure we'll get that.The only real nagative thing I can say about this game is the HUGE initial grind you have to go through to get your first ship. This was almost fixed when they added the Pickle (but it's so hard to get that it's almost impossible). But I personally had to play for about 15 hours before I got my first new ship. You could do it faster but I had to do things in between mission so I wouldn't get bored. Good thing is that the devs have said there will be no more exp wipes which means you get to keep your level which is the most important thing really. Gold isn't as big of a deal. Not too hard to come by. So once you get passed that inital grind you're free forever. (Unless you make a new character).The combat is slowish depending on the size of the battle. In most missions you will only face one enemy which is slow indeed, but not nessesarily boring. The larger battles are faster, and awesome to behold.People keep saying the game is very complex. Which I didn't reallt feel. No it's not just a game you can just in to and know exactly what you're doing in 5 minutes. But Give it an hour or so and you'll start to get the hang of it. People are really helpful so if you've got a question you ask in chat and you'll get help. No question is too stupid. (Except how to turn on your engine...)"
76561198007310186,Recommended,311310,21842672,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ThreeDog Knight,"Naval Action is an immersive, physics-driven MMO set in the age of sail that is fun, challenging but is at an early access stage that while stable, lacks the depth needed to be a really great game.Disclaimer -- At the time this review was written, there are four servers.  3 PVP and a PVE server where much of the PVP content such as attacking other players and seizing ports  is disabled.  I played on the PVE server first to get a feel of the game  so I will not address PVP, but instead talk about the mechanics and PVE features.The game is set mostly in the Carribean, where the player can be a member of one of eight factions of varrying historical appropriateness (Spain, Great Britain, Denmark/Norway, the United States, the Pirates, France, the Netherlands and Sweden).The game map extends from Deleware to the north coast of South America, east to the Lesser Antilles and west to the east coast of Mexico and the Yucatan.   I haven't counted the number of cities and towns on the map, but it looks to be over 100.  The cities are divided between the various factions and also 'neutral' and ""Free"" cities.  Players can dock in any city owned by their faction or sometimes neutral cities, and  on the PVP server, capture cities.At this time, you can only have one character per server. You start out with the smallest ship possible - a cutter -- but when you earn money you can add upgrades or purchase (or capture, or build) bigger, better ships.Navigation between the cities reflects the challenging theme of Naval Action.  There is no 'You are here' marker on the map so players must navigate using an in-game compass, dead reckoning, and loking for landmarks on the map.  If you get lost, there is a handy 'teleport me to my capital' button that can be used every few hours if you are truly desparate.Sailing is also more difficult than most typical age of sail games.  For example, while I loved the sailing parts of AC: Black Flag, I couldn't help but wince at the fact that the sailing ship acted like a motorboat, ignoring the wind that-- you know -- defines the age of sail. Naval Action has captured similarly the beauty of ploughing through turbulent waves, but does a more realistic job.  Ships sail faster depending on your relationship to the wind's direction and you WILL come to a dead stop if you try to sail directly into the wind.  Bigger, more advanced ships require the player to manipulate two separate sails when turning into the wind in order to avoid getting stuck in comat.The combat also takes a more realistic approach to cannonfire.  Cannon are treated as balistic weapons in this game, not lasers and there isnt a simple guide showing you exactly where to aim to hit your target.  Cannon are manually aimed;  you have to pay attention to distance, judge the fall of your shot, and adjust your aim on the fly.   You can fire a single shot to judge the range, or broadsides to fire all at once.  This means you will lose -- a lot -- while you hone your gunnery skills.  Luckily, death means respawning at the closest port.Naval Action at this time doesn't do much to help novice players.  There is no tutorial, it just dumps you into the world to fend for yourself.  While not all EA games have a tutorial (it is, after all EA), I'd hope the more difficult, less intuitive games should have something to guide a player on the basics. Luckily there are many videos on YouTube that can help explain gunnery, sailing and crafting for new players.  There is also an in-game help channel and players are more friendly than most games I have played.The game is beautiful, huge and very rewarding, but it is in early EA.  This doesn't mean its buggy, what it means is that there isn't a lot of variety in many of the key ways of leveling your captian, making it kind of grindy.  One major feature are missions -- jobs you take while in port.  These all involve going to a spot on the map and duelling another ship.  You can hunt ships on your own, but this takes longer and also lacks tactical variety.    There are more PVP things to do like taking towns and fighting other players  but again these seem to involve more of the same missions above.  The developers have indicated that the really polished aspects of the game are sailing and combat, but most of the other features they plan are still in development.  For now, I think it will struggle to hold the interest of a lot of players until more features to make leveling more interesting.Some other badly needed features include a tutorial to help overwhelmed players.  Curiously, the developers tied Exp to your Steam account, so if you play on one server the Exp carries over to new characters on every servers.  While this might seem good, ships and money do not transfer, meaning that your 6th level character has to fight 6th level missions in a newbie ship.  The developers also need to reign in abuses of random encounters -- where other players can join your ongoing battle and help -- or greif  -- you.  Oh, and it seems surprising you cannot name your ship.Luckily the developers seem to be listening and dedicated to improving the game.  They have a thread where they ask players to post their three biggest gripes about the game, and I hope they use that to focus their efforts.  I will likely keep playing until I get tired then return to it periodically as more content is added and these issues are addressed."
,Recommended,311310,22185391,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jubei,I spent an important portion of my life on games and this one became one of my favourites.10/10
,Recommended,311310,20733655,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Blackfang,"Well if you can get past the terrible menus (yes early access :)) and the fact there is no tutorial at all the underlying game is simply amazing. The physics, the windage, the graphics, it's exactly what every good Age of Sail game should be. Very enjoyable experience, bravo Naval Actio, bravo."
76561197988676632,Recommended,311310,21287632,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,existentialvoid,Absolutly!
,Recommended,311310,24985712,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[EX] SovyetMuffin,Very good sailing game
76561198027187287,Recommended,311310,21677678,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Major Handicap,"I love this game.Yes it is rough, but the Devs appear to be focused on making it better. It has a learning curve, but is still massively fun for me. I always enjoyed Sid Meir's Pirates, and my favorite part was sailing around and fighting ships...this is 100% that."
76561198141251384,Recommended,311310,24981949,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,THE_DEMON_BRIGADE,ITS A FUN GAME U SHOULD BUY AND PLAY IT THAT IS ALL
76561198014194946,Recommended,311310,20689761,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Super Daioz,This games the real deal
,Recommended,311310,21657830,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Spectral_Archer,Yes.
,Recommended,311310,25209776,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Boobie Pillow,A great game that will be even better when it is fully released!
76561197964914842,Recommended,311310,25400953,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,xPTx LtDan83,"This game is so much fun!  The naval battles are great, I can angle my hull to try and deflect shots away.  The battles seem realistic and are a ton of fun.  The average battle for me is about 30 - 45 min.  The crafting is in depth and well worth the time put in.  The only problem I have is the ui but it is an alpha ui that will be replaced later on.  It has been well worth the price tag for me."
76561198019394096,Recommended,311310,25507391,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Doc,"awesome game, take the time to learn it. worth every dollar"
76561197993795814,Recommended,311310,25508951,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Bob,"Most positive reviews here already have it spot on. The simple fact is that there's nothing that comes even close to this game in this genre, Alpha or no.I know one thing for sure, if you've seen Master and commander more times than you want to admit or if your secret desire is to be Horatio Hornblower then this should be a no brainer."
76561198007276471,Recommended,311310,25336063,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Von Rictor,best  naval history game i have ever played u like the age of sail must buy
,Not Recommended,311310,24982735,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Costa Brava,WTB LH's 200g/lh; if you write a review i'll pay you 300g/lh.
,Recommended,311310,25045849,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Thud,Played this game for a while. At end game content at the moment. By the very nature of the game there is still things to keep you occupied when at the top rank. So recommending this game soley based on that.
76561198011871108,Recommended,311310,25527218,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,JanskuL,veri guut
76561198032075668,Recommended,311310,25032307,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,zEim,Interesting game being developed. I would recommend it to anyone liking simulation and sailing.
76561197989124273,Recommended,311310,25398646,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,True Monolith,"Fantastic game, a great MMO with just enough realism (especially in combat) to be challenging and engaging, but not so much that it's overly complex and boring.At the time of this review (Sept. 7th 2016) the UI (especially when docked) is still very clunky so if you are someone who demands a refined experience, wait for the finished version. From what I've experienced so far, I'm pretty sure you're not going to regret it."
,Recommended,311310,25481676,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Suboran,"Great and fun game, probably unique in its genre at the moment for the amount of detail in gameplay, open world pvp and economics. Loads of potential as well as this game continues to grow."
76561198069965709,Recommended,311310,25394517,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,El Comodoro,"This game is still on alpha fase, so any mechanics of the game could be changed, but I see here the seed of a very good game, with a loyal community of players. The game is pretty stable, and after every patch the player can find more choices in this game of naval combats.Not only combat is important, also diplomatics, trading, crafting are.Nowadays, the game in wich I spend more hours (wich is necesary, because navigating in the map takes time).I really support this game and recommend it to you if you like historical mmo and simulators."
76561197999324807,Recommended,311310,25025863,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Becokjr,Epic game. PvP is awesome and game diplomacy is intense. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a strategy warfare game.
,Recommended,311310,25007200,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,jellyM@ker123,This is one of the best games I have ever had in years... sooo f@cking happy.
76561197982626659,Recommended,311310,22309203,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Zealot,"Its an MMO but dont hold that against this game - its amazingly fun, even if the learning curve is steeper then the Matterhorn."
76561197967835997,Recommended,311310,21741146,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Sacapus,"This is my kind of game, graphically superb, still in alpha stage but fully playable and tons of ideas from the community to keep improving it, dev participating in forum, listening to suggestions.Crafting is well developped at this stage.Economy, Missions, exploration still needs to be developped and tweeked but in alpha stage, its normal.Worth avery pennies spent! Highly recommended."
76561197998672390,Recommended,311310,21708413,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,MysticEffect,"Very realistic game, it's a complete naval simulator. During the battles you must consider the wind direction, take care of the orientation of your sails to turn correctly.During this beta period the developers are taking so much care about the community asking about the continuous development of the game, for example;I'm playing in the Spanish faction which have some problems with port capture balance, but nowadays the developers ask the community to try to solve them correctly and make the game more competitive and more balanced.Trade system seem a bit simple nowadays although factions have to take care of their ports because ports:-Demand Material, and Produce materiales, some of the materiales produced are needed for the boat craft system.The game is so perfect in the small details in the boats, that is incredible to believe.Soon is a new actualization with more new content.If you like the naval simulation, you'll enjoy the game for sure."
76561198046876833,Recommended,311310,21718467,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Feed Me,"Ive played more of this early access game than all my other steam games combined I think. And loved every seccond of it.Plus to get to put your Balls in people, whats not to like?"
76561198117459331,Recommended,311310,33980219,Posted: 2 August,all,beergutbob,"I so want to love this game. I really do. After hours of You Tube ""how to"" videos and sailing around the Caribbean, I realize this just can't happen. Part of it could be I just pain suck at combat, but I could be content to be a trader and have fun doing that. It just turns out that is not enough fun for me either. They need some kind of in game tutorial on every aspect of the game. I was left floundering (literally) while trying to learn the basics. Videos are one thing but hands on in game practice beats it every time.  I would just rage quit.  Rage quit=not fun. So, I will give it some time, and see what they do with this game a year from now or so. Who knows maybe I'll be back. If you are good at picking up on vague UI menus and learning with very little instruction (plus you love sailing games), you might actually like this game and that is why I'm giving it a thumbs up.  It is just not for me right now."
76561198082764766,Not Recommended,311310,20704822,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,WLKitty,"40€ for an early access that looks like an alpha test is too expensive !If you want it anyway, be aware that :- there's no tutorials- the UI is not intuitive at all- you must be ready to play with a 20 fps rate, sometimes less- it's impossible to locate your ship on the minimapetc.I don't recommend it as of now. You'd better wait for the release be announced and buy a REAL early access later."
,Recommended,311310,21535594,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[LoD]Judas,Tons of potential and a lot of fun in its early state
76561197983196359,Recommended,311310,21541614,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,TheJesus,"This game has potential, however i was expecting more patches/updates since its release for the price."
76561197975519199,Recommended,311310,21555788,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Julius Pleaser,AMAZING game and extremely in depth If you are into strategy or any game that revolves around military or naval combat  you will quickly find yourself addicted to this. Very good for just being in its alpha stages and it feels like its almost already a completed product. If you like extremely fast gameplay and combat this wont be the game for you as it is a slower more realistic period game.
76561198034421335,Recommended,311310,22233952,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sondre2212,Why is wind always f. Me 😀 love it thou
,Recommended,311310,24970472,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,videogamer69,they made me do it
,Recommended,311310,21618096,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,WTB Nyancat,"Naval Action what can you really say. IT IS F@#KING AWESOME. There are over 20 ships and they are adding more, hundreds of ports to visit and explore and the pvp is intense no other way to put it. The ship combat is the most well balanced out of all the sailing games I have played. The community is friendly so long as there your nation. ;p The map is huge. You can build, fight, or just explore. The detail of the ships and the world is aw inspiring.10/10 First game I have reviewed EVER and that is why."
76561198158117321,Recommended,311310,21581440,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Morris_DV,"Great game. I play this on a standard 4gb laptop and even on 10FPS this game runs smooth enough to play. Great graphics even on low settings. Takes a while to figure everything out but you will be fine after a few days of playing! There are many things you can do. Capturing ports, Battles, Trading, Crafting and much more stuff to enjoy. Buy this game its totally worth it!"
76561198157314539,Recommended,311310,21662418,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mowingmad,"Luv it,that is all"
,Recommended,311310,22273454,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,♣BrigGen_Comrad50,"Join a clan asap - for not being a full game yet, WELL worth the money. Great game."
76561197974476488,Recommended,311310,20669752,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Quinsi,recomended
76561197966062585,Recommended,311310,24986436,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Rum Ham,I love it. Its a game that requires some amount of learning but you can pick it up pretty quick and once you do it is a lot of fun. The devs are very active and responsive to the community.
76561198033878466,Recommended,311310,22028209,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Dyelegend,"Just like that I've literally sunk (hehe) 20 hours into this game D:. Really fun game, at the begginning it may seem kind of over whelming as their is no guides what so ever but after watching a few YoutTube videos here and there you get the jist of the game pretty quick. The feeling of getting what seems like your first proper ship which is for me the ""snow"" is amazing. Wouldn't really call it a grind as I had a lot of fun getting enough experience to rank up which in itself isn't that bad. Overall would recomend to anyone willing to sink a few hours into it as your love will soon develop and for some reason I cannot yet understand myself why, It's just fun! PVP combat is a big plus factor in this game and is done really well. Everything you do and achieve actually feels rewarding which is what I love in a game."
76561198013507254,Recommended,311310,21345261,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,xFR0NTLiN3x,this was a good game but then the russians arrived
76561197992415236,Recommended,311310,20812509,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Sgt.PeKeÑin,"El juego es hardcore, eso hay que asimilarlo desde el principio, pero por fin los desarrolladores estan dando lo que la gente pide, si es un comprador nuevo, espere a que todo se aclare, ahora mismo hay un caldo de cultivo muy caoticoThe game is hardcore, deal with it since you buy it, but finally the developers have been giving wath the gamers wanted, if you are a new costumer, please wait for the launch day, nowadays theres a chaotic mix of features."
,Recommended,311310,31448973,Posted: 29 April,all,{IG}Darth,"Bought this game, knowing that this is early access.After checking all settings again, the mistake was found in the wrong port ranges for the game inside my router. After checking them and set them to the correct ones i was finally able to connect and set sails to bounty and glory!I will update this review when i got some ingame hours!"
76561198005194224,Recommended,311310,24986017,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,=SWF= Frasberry,"It is by far! The best ""Age of sail"" game out. If your interested in this time era of ships. and a sim geek. This game is def. for you!"
,Not Recommended,311310,20697870,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,fishcake82,"very interesting game.The main sailing engine is clearly very well put together, combat is fun and rewarding.However, this game is still very alpha atm, there is no artwork for any of the menus and the UI overall is a bit rough to use. There is also no tutorial or explanation of anything in game so your success will be dictated by your familiarity of similar titles as much as anything else.Interested to see where development takes this, but currently not something that should be recomended for the average user."
,Not Recommended,311310,20691771,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ShadowCry,"Probably the worst and unforgiven MMO ever coded.There is no group encouragement at all, there is no group loot, there is no rewards for playing with friends what so ever.Bought this game in hope that it would be a massive pwf game, but when you can have 1 member getting all the loot, gold etc for a combat mission? That sucks so incredible hard.Okej it's in an ""Alpha"", but for gods sake, do an tutorial for newcomers.Set up a grouploot and encourage players to play together.Dont be like Donald Trump, a massive knob.Naval Action is all about the singular action, not for those with friends."
,Not Recommended,311310,20704566,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Wonton,"First off, I didn't buy the game until steam release (which I was really psyched about) but I've been following it and watching gameplay for a long time. I personally don't recommend it but here are some things to consider.There is no mode for you to try all the various ships. You start in a tiny cutter and work your way up.XP gain is atrociously slow. It takes 1000XP to get out of the starting level. I get around 20-50XP per match. Matches last 10-30 minutes so if you do the math that's going to be at least 3 hrs just to get to the second level.There doesn't appear to be an easy way to navigate in the game. There's a map but you can't deterimine your position. You can't even draw on the map to plot your course (no one back then would sail without plotting on a map so this is a huge oversight).The obvious pluses areBeautiful graphicsIntense realismFunctioning open worldAll in all I was sad and disappointed that I won't get to enjoy the game due to my time constraints."
,Not Recommended,311310,31040876,Posted: 9 April,all,[A-53] BenWatki,Was good at first from 4000 players now down to around 200 wouldnt reccommend it if i could get a refund i would.
,Not Recommended,311310,20727122,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Izzatso?,"Bought the Game -> Installed the Game -> Started the Game....o.O 3 Server?One PVP Server in 50ms Range, one PVE and PVP Server in 150ms Range.The 50ms Server is Full.... and both other Servers are Medium to Low Population.Trying the 50ms Server... oh great, back are the Day's of World of Warcraft ""waiting in Line for Login"" ahh good Memories...(kiding....)After 11 Minutes Login Error, another try... hey new Message: My Login Ticket is no longer Valid....Because most of my Friends are on PVP 50ms.... that suxx big Time. Refund... and back onto my Watchlist...ProTip: Wait with a buy until more Server are up so that Clan Gamers have a chance to get as a whole on that Server...."
,Not Recommended,311310,20757298,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ProblyStoned,"Ever play Pirates of the Burning Sea? Yea, this is that game, but with everything stripped away except for basic sea combat and slightly better graphics. Thats fine, really, it is. Im super for Alpha releases and what not, but $40 for something thats the carbon copy of another game, but without the rest of the game attached is pretty bogus. This game has a long way to go before it starts being enjoyable. I wish it the best of luck and will check up on it in the future, but as it stands now, I do not recommend this game."
76561198067162435,Not Recommended,311310,21514225,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,RO0ZiE,"This is EARLY EARLY EARLY ACCESS, like nothing is here content wise, but they are still asking you to pay $40 - I got a refund.Here's your options when playing:1. Accept auto generated tasks such as ""go kill a ship we marked on your map"" - it's a pointless mission with no story or any reason to give a ♥♥♥♥. It's just a random ship that you have to kill. No hunting it, no exploring to find it, you litterally have it marked on your map and you go into the instance.2. PvP - either have a group to play with or get ganked, the same old ♥♥♥♥ as the missions, kill the other ships with cannons. The boarding is pathetic, you click buttons in a rock paper scissors format...So pvp is just shooting ♥♥♥♥ing cannons all night.3. Trade / Craft - Buy and sell items on the horrible UI. Not only is it a pain to use and navigate, it's ugly as hell. You'll be buying items and then sailing to another port to interact with another pointless boring menu. No story, no reason to give a ♥♥♥♥.And that's it! Really! Shoot cannons, watch your boat sail on the travel-map, and interact with a horrible menu system. No story, no give a ♥♥♥♥, no boarding mechanic, you are literally a ♥♥♥♥ing ship. Not to mention, your crew cycles the EXACT SAME ANIMATION for the entire duration of your battle, they load cannons when they aren't being loaded, they stand there like mannikins, cannon balls pass right through them. This game is downright ugly in the details, but looks great from far away.The pricing structure of these Early Access titles should follow the development of the game - as the game gets more complete, the price goes up. Or there should be a large extension on the time-limit of the Refund Terms on Early Access games. Instead they are offering a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥shallow experience and asking for an AAA title price of $40 and saying ""trust us, we'll make a good game""."
76561197995463151,Not Recommended,311310,31206248,Posted: 17 April,all,CaffeineDependent,It is a  typical example of why i will never again give anyone money for an unfinished product.
76561198202470872,Recommended,311310,20763391,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,King Of The Trill,"First time in game I see a pirate ship i then proceed to engage, I was winning the battle then the pirate ship made a b-line for me, crashshed into me the I was mounted like some $2 ♥♥♥♥♥, crew was swiftley killed in 3 turns lost my ship.10/10, Would get mounted again."
76561198132177552,Recommended,311310,31118698,Posted: 13 April,all,paul5910,Best game on the planet.  I am looking forward to the final release.
,Not Recommended,311310,23000434,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,The Frelle,"Bigger grind wall than the wall Trump's going to build.In all honesty, I don't know how the grinding is at this very moment. They could've changed it, it could be that it's become even more massive? I don't really care, as I've totally lost the flair for the game."
,Not Recommended,311310,20712280,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Geminair2k,"It was hard not to fall asleep at the wheel to be honest ,i thought i would try the PVE server until i got the hang of ""sailing"" turns out it wasn't that hard to get the hang of it .I played for three hours - most of whitch was spent in open waters with nothing else to do but swing the camera around to simulate a little seasickness just to add content to the game .I thought id ask a few questions in the chat and got no responces ,so i tried the help tab ,to get no responces lolSo i finally get somewhere and find a ship i can attack ,that then just sails off into the sunset before i have even turned my ship around ,the battle zone mechanics are differant than in open waters and takes 2 minuites just to get moving at an almost backwards rate ,at which point the battle is over and anything that doesnt run off is because its about to obliterate you .I can apreceiate this just makes me sound like a crap player but when it can be anything from 10 mins-45 mins between battles ,you find yourself aimlessly sailing up and down coats, just trying to find something to get a little Xp from and progress just a little .If you are expecting AC Blag Flag without the Assasins Creed bit ,you are going to be dissapointed ,and it certainly not worth the full asking price IMO as it stands at the moment .World Of Warships is better in my opinion."
76561198132367162,Not Recommended,311310,20912787,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Swance,Its a bad game that you need to spend 5 years in learning how to play.its a bad game really.
76561198025874950,Not Recommended,311310,24006090,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,AlMsTsHaR,not worth it
,Not Recommended,311310,20803750,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Skumby,Repetitive combat and a grindtastic open world perfectly complement each other
76561198279044180,Recommended,311310,32593240,Posted: 20 June,all,slavecrafter,"A truly fantastic game.I was happily playing World of Tanks when I heard about this game with skill based fighting. The grind is kinda hard, the game is a bit hard to learn and get good at, you’re not being hand-held and you get punished when you meet someone better than you. As you can see, this is a game that stands out in a crowd."
76561198053675218,Recommended,311310,26150145,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,llboogie99,"The sailing engine and graphics are incredible. Some facets of gameplay are still very much in flux but the devs are participating daily in the suggestion and bug report forums. They don't always respond to tester feedback, but it is obvious from changes seen in the game that they are listening.It is completely playable with few issues that I would classify as anything more than nuisances.The UI is functional but crude. The devs are waiting for the feature set to solidify more before devoting time and effort to a polished version. So don't be put off by the appearances of the menus. They are simply to provide control during testing."
76561198276570462,Recommended,311310,31133031,Posted: 14 April,all,DeepPoseidon,This game is pretty fun so far haven't got that much play time as of yet the only downside I can think of this game so far is that there is no Australian servers so people playing from Australia/Asia are stuck with playing the game with a ping of 200+ and 300+ if you want the only PvE server would be nice to get a server over our way.
76561198027500857,Not Recommended,311310,26460170,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,aadhirai07,i am not able to play naval action  as it did not get started
,Recommended,311310,26242151,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Galt,"The community of dedicated players is filled with outstand individuals, and the devlopers have been fantastic when it comes to both responding to player advice and ensuring the game is being updated on time and with reliable amounts of content. However they can be unprofessional when it comes to critiscm, in that they withhold content as a way to punish people that are critical of their work.8/10, will probably play again (It's a great game, but the gods get angry very easily)"
,Recommended,311310,34156197,Posted: 10 August,all,steve309,"its got a steep learning curve but its worth it, updated regularly and the devs are working hard on the game"
76561198025395296,Recommended,311310,25861994,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,dogrunner,"One of the few games I can stream to my TV and my wife can watch.The ship fighting is great fun.   And I'm not really that good.   The nice thing is that you don't have to be an expert at combat to have fun.    You can run traders, buy low / sell high - hire a small fleet of light ships to screen your traders if attacked.All that said, this is not a game for a young person looking for a quick shooter with waves of enemies.At it's best the combat requires precise tactics, good timing, and thinking ahead.The UI is not done.   and many mechanics are not implemented yet.    I try alot of games, and this is definitely in the top 15% of early games I've picked up on steam."
76561198144284382,Not Recommended,311310,34823669,Posted: 8 September,all,The Milk Man,gotta be the worst f  ucking 40 dollar game ever. controls are garbage. LOTS OF CRASHES. the cannons are f ucking re tarded as s hit. this is not worth the 40 dollars. save ur money. dont buy this dollar tree version of assassins creed 4 ship gameplay. its not worth it
,Recommended,311310,22846414,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,[GW] WealthySoup,I'll just pop on for 5 minutes.3 hours later.....
,Recommended,311310,25966696,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Tinbum,"This game has so much potential. It is in Aloha and it shows, the UI is no where near finished, stats and inportant info for moduala etc is missing but the Devs are slowly but surly working on this game. Yes for an alpha it is pricey but the cost goes straight to devs who continue to build this fantastic game. As I said the potential is enormous and it is indeed heading in the right direction. A fantastic ship mmo/sim for the aspiring Pirate or any ship captain. Really great game"
76561198130597293,Recommended,311310,31709197,Posted: 12 May,all,R3mus,"Its good but it has some major cons. If you love sea , by all of your heart , if you want to become a sailor , its a game for you. But it can become boring , sailing for hours and nothing can happen . But if you are lucky enough , you can get into some clan/fleet and do some stuff , even big naval battles are possible . If you are alone , its quite boring . Open world is good , but lacks some flavor . Interface is hard to understand. So best way to play this game : join a fleet (best with teamspeak) , find some friends there, sail together while having good time. This game requires time , so if you have hours of free time , just jump in and try to enjoy as much as possible."
,Recommended,311310,32636330,Posted: 22 June,all,Nano,"Try not to rush through the ships, just enjoy what you have and this game will be a lot more fun. It is much better with friends as the devs seem to be pushing people towards world pvp."
76561198008054392,Recommended,311310,32406483,Posted: 14 June,all,CoolBreeze,"As a veteran of a number of games, I can tell you that this game requires real thinking and an ability to plan ahead to your next move.  If you enjoy a challenging game that tests your real skill and ability to make things happen, this is the game for you.  Everything in the game is interrelated, meaning that how you craft a ship, what guns or modifications you put on it means a lot when you are in the heat of battle.  Build a bad ship and chances are you are going to suffer unless you develop a real skill for sailing a ship and fighting.  Real skill matters here!Additionally, the development of allies who can support your defensive or offensive operations is key to sustaining a presence on the map.  Team Training is also a much overlooked yet vital aspect of the game.  When in a port battle, you need to have a cohesive, focused team that is able to work seamlessly together, something not easily achieved.  But that is what makes this game a real challenge.  If you are tired of playing a game full of cheats, full of skillless clowns who have no clue as to what it takes to use real skill, then I recommend you try Naval Action."
76561198004651288,Recommended,311310,25945137,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DMessiah,"Great game, for everyone that loves ship v ship combat, and pirate games :D you won't be dissapointed, the game machanics is preety flawless, even in early release"
,Recommended,311310,32426429,Posted: 14 June,all,Zouji,IF you like hardcore PvP games that require thinking and planning ahead then this would be a good game for you. If not then skip it.
76561198008847246,Recommended,311310,30097154,Posted: 22 February,all,Gorn,The grind is real. But worth it. Look for a good clan.
76561198002586809,Recommended,311310,32587590,Posted: 20 June,all,seanjo,"This a great absorbing game, ignore the negatives and give it a go."
76561198337424474,Recommended,311310,34274901,Posted: 16 August,all,pepsifreddie,love this game
76561198340833820,Recommended,311310,34272014,Posted: 16 August,all,loler toaster,If you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥people off this is your game. They just need pink paint and this game would be the best game ever. Not buying this game makes baby Jesus cry.
,Recommended,311310,27678591,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pietjenoob,if you love sailing i would recommand it for the more casual player it be frustrating because of the high learning curve and long Open World sailing. but for in development it is pretty nice and i like it a lot
76561197996299148,Recommended,311310,31958135,Posted: 25 May,all,Scanner,Eve Online in the water. :D
76561198169854762,Recommended,311310,27861910,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,meepsoulhunter,if you want a relaxing game and like old ships this is the game for you
76561198020521203,Not Recommended,311310,22010094,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Kronan,"I was addicted to this game but now I'm going to delete it completely from my hard drive Why!Because the Dev/Admin who claims they made this game has a real ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I mean a real poor, unprofessional and rude attitude they also admit they dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about money. Just read the Admins comments on the 9.67 update on their game-lab forum they are disgusting considering people paid £30 pounds for this EARLY ACCESS selfish hardcore MMO.It's a shame cause I was starting to like it and it does has some good but reading the comments by the Admin he seems to treat every customer like employees. Just look at some of the comments in pirate thread by admin in the game labs forum and you will see what I mean. Some of the comments by admin makes think they can't have the intelligence to create any game, it's like it was just given to them from another dev.I'm qiute gob♥♥♥♥ed and I don't know what else to say, Just look at the comments on the game labs forum.I mean if they are not bothered about the money nor the fact it is bleeding players then why the hell did they make it an MMO and include the US? It doesn't make sense.I wish I did look on there forums first because I most Certainly wouldn't want to give that Dev any of my money. He is disgusting. I'm also going to complain to steam too for poor customer service although it wasn't me involved in the forum. It's a real shame cause I wanted to play this over Easter But I just cannot support rude and arrogant Devs!"
,Recommended,311310,21063493,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,| 59th | Spookierre,Amazing game really fun battles!
76561198103640106,Recommended,311310,22829277,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SilentMoss,>Try Pirates on PVP EU>Half of KOTO is in Russian>Switch to the great USA on PVP EU>Take out some AI in missions with boss sailing skills and crew leadership>Join Voodoo Shipping Company>Have to sail for four hours through the gulf to get to home port>Enjoy beautiful scenery>???>Profit10/10 would sail again
76561198019420319,Recommended,311310,23859609,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BLADE,"fun game, enjoying the time spent on it :)"
,Recommended,311310,27255546,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,John,Still needs lots of work... but is probably the best game of this type that you can find.
76561198083284093,Recommended,311310,26605421,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,MarcsMan,"Logged over 300h in the game up untill now. Itss a game in development so its far from perfect but if you invest some time it really is a lot of fun! Its the best Naval game I have played to date and that at least is saying somthing :)The only real downside I see is the price (36,99 € here). I got the game while it was on sale though and it was totaly worth it !"
,Recommended,311310,26043681,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Vermithrax,"Steep price for an early access game but I am loving it. Now if some of the more overtly sensitive community members don't screw it up with weird suggestions like sea monsters or restrictions for this and restrictions for that, it can only get better. If this game needs one thing, it is even more freedom and tactical possibilities for all players and factions and not some strange battle restrictions that break immersion because somebody doesn't want to lose 1 durability point on their beloved ship of the line to a gang of scurvy pirates. Pirates do piraty things when the opportunity arises. National fleets act like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to the pirates and gank them when they can. That's the way it's supposed to be. What i am missing though is the ability for nations to hire pirates or form alliances with them although i have read something about new diplomatic possibilites in one of the coming updates.The game mechanics are nice. You have a lot of control over your ship from sails to masts to crew to cannons and so on. and there are many ways to make money including ship building and fishing, which is quite underrated in my opinion. A perfect gateway for new players to enter the world of trade and nice method for making some quick money at lower levels.The graphics look so nice at some points of the game that i find myself just sitting there an staring at the screen and pressing F12 10 times in a row.Oh and there is no music, only soothing ocean and weather sounds. So grab your shanty or reggae folder or maybe some contemporary classical music. My suggestions: Horace Andy, Boccherini, Stan Rogers"
76561198296271811,Recommended,311310,34270571,Posted: 15 August,all,Wubba Lubba Dub Dub,Clan leader said write a review and get the veteran players opinions out here. So here it goes. Buy this game. It's well worth the $40 and is highly addictive. If you don't like it pm Christendom on pvp global and he will refund your money.
76561198015515745,Not Recommended,311310,22431461,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Tafelpoot,"Well this game is very slowpaced. Sailing 15 minutes to do a 2 hour mission is not uncommon. So if you are hoping for quick action this game isnt for you. This game has nice graphics and more and more placeholders are getting their historical replacements in.However what makes this game bad is the ingame situation where chat admins / moderators ban people for no reason really besides that the community is a bunch of little children. Everyone takes offence of the littlest things. If you want to play a game where you have to be political correct and can't say the F word without getting a 7 day ban. Get this game.Concerning PVP, pvp is ♥♥♥♥ed, most of the times you are chasing someone for 45-90 minutes to even start a fight. If you don't have much time it is not worth the effort.All in all this was a huge waste of time. Don't get this game. It is made by some back alley gamestudio in Ukraine who don't care about anything except making money."
76561197966756850,Recommended,311310,33898199,Posted: 29 July,all,Anubis,"A solid game. If you like the idea of historical naval combat as realistic as a computer game can reasonably get, then this is the best one out there. It's not fast-paced, so it's not for everyone. Watch some introductory gameplay videos on Youtube if you're not sure if you'd like it, because the Steam 2-hour refund isn't enough time to try the game.The game is still under very active development, so things change. The developers consider the game to be in a very early stage of development, so they are still experimenting with mechanics and game systems, although the game is quite stable and playable regardless."
,Recommended,311310,32879141,Posted: 27 June,all,Flemmi,great game if you have a lot of time on hand. a couple of hours each day can just fly by without felling too dull. works Best with friends to help you get used to the game. the learning curve is kinda steep.
,Recommended,311310,23193484,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,CrippleGod,"Probably one of the better games I've played in a while.  If you like ship games (think Seadogs or something like that), look no further.  A lot of fun with good challenge.  Detailed ships and a HUGE open world, plenty to do."
76561198136621315,Not Recommended,311310,22660342,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,gidonm39,"don't buy this game. boring, full of bugs and uncomfortable controls and hud..."
76561197974449917,Not Recommended,311310,20688162,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,carps,Not worth the price right now.
,Recommended,311310,21607873,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Captaincapafew,
76561198018253999,Recommended,311310,25403589,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Spencer47,"I am hooked on this game. I've been gaming for decades and most games bore me these days. I was down to only one game I felt was worth playing until I found Naval Action. Graphics are awesome. Ship battles are very realistic. The map is HUGE and quite a lot of fun to navigate. This is a great game for those who love huge sandbox games and a pvp environment. Give it a try. I promise you'll be glad you did. Oh, there are 7 factions to choose from. We USA players would love to have you with us but if not each faction has many great players to help you get started.12/4/16: A quick update on the game. I've left the US Navy and joined the Royal British Navy due to problems with enemy faction players constantly hunting noobies on the East Coast. I'm a Flag Captain now and pretty well established in the British Navy. This game is still a MASTERPIECE. Do yourself a favor and disregard any negative reviews. Now, yes, it is a very time consuming game. If you are looking for a quick bang bang fps like WOT, COD, etc then this is not for you. It's an intricate SANDBOX naval game somewhat akin to EVE but without the ridiculous point and click operation of your ship. The graphics on this game are superior to most games on the market. Also,  I'll add that this game is more suited for the mature gamer. There are very few teenagers playing Naval Action. To give you an idea, I'm 46 and I'm just about in the middle age range for Naval Action. It's an intricate, strategical, substantial learning curve, sandbox game which caters to the adult mentality. This game is just not for the instant gratification immature mind. If any devs happen to read this review my only request for now is that you make the paints accessible via crafting and/or drops from AI ships.  Thank you."
,Recommended,311310,23404082,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Treemonster,"I enjoy the game.  I joined a clan, help new people in general chat with questions about gameplay and do a lot a trading/crafting.  I play PVE b/c PVP is not well balanced yet.  Fleet actions with friends are a lot of fun.  The graphics are beautiful and the ships have individual characteristicss.  They caan be customizable with add-on mods too.  When on long sails I play sea-chanties and period music and stuff from the Master and Commander soundtrack.  Lots of friendly folks (at least as Britain in PVE).  I recommend it."
,Recommended,311310,21429829,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Dayquil25oz,"10/10Booted up game.Joined friend in a glorius first time skirmish.Got mounted by another boat.The mounting boat capsized.Preceded to get broadsided by a frigate.Somehow survived the engagement.Long spiel:The game mechanics are quite solid for an early access alpha game, ship battles are fun, and the graphics are quite amazing. I did not expect the amount of features present in the current alpha state of the game, I was expecting basic ship combat, and open world sailing. Many complain about the place holder UI as of 2/24/2016, however the UI is actually quite responsive and ergonomic as far as playing the game goes, so ignore those nerf herders. The game is a bit pricey but considering the game being an MMO, that is much better than paying a monthly installment fee. The only qualm ill have is if the devs decide to implement a monthly fee. Other than that I believe this game is quite solid, seems like the updates from the devs are prompt and quite consistant from a time perspective."
76561198132043077,Recommended,311310,23060544,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ShadowHound,One of the best maritime war games i have played. Sound quality and visuals are on point and gameplay is close to accurate as actual 19th century naval combat. A little expensive but well worth it in the long run.
,Recommended,311310,21497337,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Lord Commander Hasselaar,"Naval Action... It’s like flying a plane in water. What’s that? Planes don’t fly in water?I don’t know what’s real anymore. I've been lost at sea for the past few days... or was it weeks... Good thing the wind never changes direction... I'm bound to hit land eventually if I just keep following the wind.No matter how long you are lost at sea, it really doesn’t matter, because ships in this game are truly exceptional. As is the naval combat system. The oceanic environment and wind direction shapes the course of a battle and keeps each match interesting, which is just as well as even a small battle can last upwards of half an hour. As unpolished as this game may be in its current early alpha state, it is still worth looking at."
,Recommended,311310,21072252,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Saop,that moment when you are going in a ship that will what if when while it does that when while the cannons does that thing with that smoke everywhere slightly as while when things starts to get heavy while light while when they ship is going towards other ship while you ram sink with what it breaks yes rip boat in english while in what yes xDbut while if you are going to yes but then while you with ship go within thy soul of piccado is not really right way of do when while if it was going but while you do it ight happen that ship can go really with light at behind when it is are dark outside because ship have lights at dark it are really cool special would pruchas the game only for the dark in back of ship at dark but when ship come in combat in smoke all over with cannons say bang boom it are really extremme feel while cannons do they are going to would recommend this ty !!
76561198051416551,Recommended,311310,20792639,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,dsullivan01,"I am a much older gamer and to make this short---------this is one of the best games I have ever played. This game takes alot of effort.  If you want an arcade type game this is not for you. You can check it out on you tube to learn the ins and outs. I  am sure this will be one of the best games of all time......DON""T GIVE UP THE SHIP. (U.S.N Retired)."
,Recommended,311310,34078132,Posted: 7 August,all,[UDC] CrazyKing321,"it's not for me, but i see the fun people can get out off it."
76561198096888624,Not Recommended,311310,22091220,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,CaptainO95,"Well the videos and pictures may look awesome, the game itself is far from being anywhere close to done. It will not even load on my computer, and i waited for 30 minutes. For 40 bucks it isnt a good buy, i know that it is still an early acess game and developers are still working on it, but as for right now i would definitely wait until it goes on sale to buy. Fingers crossed that this is somehow remedied in the future."
,Not Recommended,311310,23401403,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,CleverPolarBear,"Until this game gets updated and more of a population joins, I just can' reccomend spending that kind of money on it. If the Dev's read this, I would suggest going to a Free-To-Play model to encourage more players, which in turn, would make the game more playable. With a low population on the servers, everything ""cool"" about the game, dosent really happen that often."
76561198038247053,Recommended,311310,20685322,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Atlas,Keep up the good work!I look forward to the finished product.
,Recommended,311310,20820808,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,[202CR]Palleto,BAOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198060251813,Recommended,311310,24348521,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Sir_Radiation,When will games add ♥♥♥♥ing Australian server. Im waiting...
,Recommended,311310,20685468,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Zotics,Great game
76561197991025709,Recommended,311310,20686943,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Vai,EVE at Sea
76561198045340033,Recommended,311310,25198656,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MgNugget,"Fun game, very much worth its price, cant wait for its release!"
,Recommended,311310,25541953,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Venum5@3Gaming,"Great game all around so far as its still early access ive seen the game change progressively since i started in Feb. Pvp is very addicting as theres not much that can compare to crafting your own ship be it a wooden wall, frigate or sloop of war then taking your best design of stats/buffs/perks you can create into war agianst countless foes just remember no ship last forever... it has a great competitive pvp zone once you hit late and friendly player base that will just about spoil you with everything if you just ask, as they are nice they are equally hardened to war and there is no casual on the pvp server. i recommend to anyone looking for a pvp game that get you in the action right away but stays creative with custom variables. I enjoy Pve every once in a awhile its very enjoyable but i prefer a head to head fight with another person. So i will leave Pve to other reviews or your own personnel exp if you choose to play. 8/10 on ships,combat,players,orignal."
76561198036371265,Recommended,311310,25542350,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mortal Wombat,"Game was recommended to me. Graphics look great. Gameplay is good with room for improvement, understanding it has not been fully released yet. Navigation can be a little hard but does become easier once you understand the co-ordinates etc.Recommend the game for any one that loves tall ships, ocean/sea battles."
76561198052986529,Recommended,311310,25555786,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,gnrollins,Great game of sailing ships. Beautiful and accurate rendering of ships with realistic movement and challenging sailing tactics and combat. Really enjoy the crafting and trade. Only getting better with patches and looking forward to new ships and improved game play. Well done devs!
76561198007609928,Recommended,311310,25572009,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,KNAVE,nice game there is no boarding mini game just a screen with some options . when you get stuck have to do maunal control . the rain and fog  goes on for hours the grid map refennces are wrong and the events are very bad . overall its just another ship game not worth paying a lot for it
,Recommended,311310,25572086,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Gnerf,This game is fun. It took me a while to actually poick it up but once i did i was really happy and now i play it almost every day.
76561197971245752,Recommended,311310,25028081,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,GruneTeufel,Fantastic Open World game!!!  higly recommended!!
76561198102928007,Recommended,311310,32077907,Posted: 30 May,all,Cruz Cain,"Was amazing at the start and I know its in alpha, but every patch makes the game a longer grind and more time consuming which is unnecessary, the game also get more and more less rewarding and it almost feels more empty. the community of players isnt the worst but it can be super toxic at time (as any game can be). Over all I know its an alpha game and it could change but as of right now I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone until the devs get there♥♥♥♥♥♥together and listen to there player base, YOU DONT NEED TO MAKE THE GAME MORE GRINDY and less rewarding like everyother game, thats what used to set your game apart from any other game, but now its just the same grind all day for little reward and lose everything in 5 minutes."
,Recommended,311310,23464091,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,stnick_85,"it has it problems, but still good"
76561197987980913,Recommended,311310,23530869,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Potemkin,"Had no life for 5 months, great fun, highly recommend."
76561198058224972,Recommended,311310,23441852,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Vasall,"So, having played this game for a while i must say, for me it is THE game. Gorgeous graphics, fantastic sailing, dream ship battles. (my new hobby is making screenshots).The thing with the different numbers of nation members and the struggle of the british Empire is because of the living and dynamic nature of the game. It depends on us players, we are free to decide the fate of our nation.A message to the devs, hold your course, steady. Because finally there is a MMO that is not a typical MMO. It´s a special one for special people.And to the special people: Sign on, climb the rankes, get a 3rd Rate and help us defeat the damn pirates. Godspeed."
,Recommended,311310,20676826,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,GothicCorpse,Awesome game highly recommend
,Recommended,311310,21140911,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,[CW]Codeine,10/10Would disconnect in perpetuity again!
76561198013975072,Recommended,311310,21140351,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Barbarrossa,"Sails...   winds...    tacking...  broadsides..   having fun with it actually.  Still in alpha and sketchy documentation but looks to be a keeper.The official documentation is nonexistant, but a help channel and a forum website plus out of game information fills the gap.  A bit of hunting is in order but most of what you need is there.Youtube also is starting to fill with tutorials and the like.PVP and PVE servers are available."
76561198116776775,Recommended,311310,30599544,Posted: 18 March,all,Solderpro_1,I LOVE THE GAME :D
76561197997448611,Recommended,311310,20664791,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Sunny,A nicer and better 'Pirates of the Burning Sea'?Count me in! It's a great game and gets better.
,Recommended,311310,20739946,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,quelin,pretty good for early access.    bit expensive though.     team up for the real fun
76561198079623191,Recommended,311310,21601281,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SCP-049,"This game is AMAZING. This game has everything you want if you want to have a more realistic touch to being a captain of your own ship. I am going to get right down to the point of why this game is amazing.Pros-Captain your ship, your way. You can choose to be a faction or be a pirate. Some of the factions are the French, the Spanish, the Dutch and the Americans. There are several others as well. If you want to be a factionless person you can be  a pirate and kill anyone, but that goes double for you as you can be killed by a fellow pirate and any other faction in the game.PVP and PVE. New to the game? Not to worry. There is a PVE mode where you can join up with people and learn from them as you fight AI ships which can give you a run for your money. There is also a PVP mode (Of which I cannot cover as I haven't done that yet.)Realistic damage. The damage to your ship does affect what happens. More damage equals more holes and easier to shoot grape shot (To kill crew) into that side. Chain shot can destroy sails with ease and slow you down, making you a sitting duck for cannon shot.MIssions and free roam. In this game, you start with a basic cutter class, the lowest of the low. In the start you can't exactly go up against a high level ship such as a frigate and expect to win. To rank up you need to do missions against the AI and get money and XP. Doing this will help you get to your next ship and buy your guns for it.There is a lot of goods, to many to name off in fact but the game does have some minor gripes.Cons-Teleport. There is a teleport system in the game that does send you back to your capital city. Now this is optional keep in mind and you don't HAVE to use it, but this is a gripe because...WHY IS IT IN THIS GAME?! I understand people might get lost or confused in the game but thats part of the fun of being in a time when GPS or things like map markers don't help. The fun is the adventure and the thought of finding yourself fighting a high skilled enemy because you don't know where you are.Confusing at first. Once you join the game it thrusts you into it without any real indication of what you are supposed to do. It kind of just gives you a menu and says ""Have at it"" Which isn't bad but in a game like this, you need a tutorial or some help leaning about it. While it isn't impossible to learn by yourself, I suggest youtube or guides on how to start first before you do anything.These are only a few gripes and of course as it is Early Access, things are going to change. The UI could use some spit and polish, perhaps even a reboot, but it isn't exactly impossible to use. All in all, the game is great to play and fun to just shoot each other.YO HO HO AND A BOTTLE OF RUM! CAST THE SAILS AND SWAB THE DECK! WE GO TO SINK THE SPANISH MAIN! YAR!"
,Recommended,311310,22229309,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Squatting Slav,Master and Commander Simulator.Pros:SailsShipsCannonsNegatives:No specimens to gather on the Galapagos.11/10
,Recommended,311310,22226705,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ankaret,"if you love old ships, then buy!!!"
,Recommended,311310,23593543,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Felloroar,nice
76561197983215307,Recommended,311310,23546172,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,CaptMoxie,"Fun game. Definitely different than most games, as far as the immense detail that goes into it as well as how every little thing is affected just like if it was in real life. The developers have also been playing attention to the players while developing and just keep improving it. I can't wait for the finished product."
76561198130360660,Recommended,311310,21123356,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,moshpitsamurai,"watch the game play videos. if those get your blood racing then watch the instruction videos on youtube ( there is no in game tutorial ) if you still picture yourself sailing the seas after that, buy the game. it's alpha, but, this is the smoothest early access i've ever played."
76561197984116734,Recommended,311310,31929808,Posted: 23 May,all,Joe1013,"With the new patched version 10.2, I can rescind my unfavorable review.  Mouse now points accurately at icons.  With that major annoyance fixed, the game is now playable.  This game is very fun, but it does have a fairly steep learning curve.  But, start small, and use the text chat.  People are awesome in answering questions online.I did lose one ship so far to a pirate.  Now that I have better ships, I spend most of my time with several other guys and we kill pirates like lions kill hyenas.  I ♥♥♥♥ing hate pirates.Well worth the money and effort now the♥♥♥♥♥♥is fixed."
76561198068591581,Recommended,311310,24975138,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,W R I S T  R O C K E T S,"This review has gone from initially good, to previously bad, to now good again, here's why.The new 10.0 wipe/update has breathed new life into this game. Its much more MMO like instead of MMOlite. The reason I say this is that before 10.0 its was EXTREMELY easy to get gold/ships. People were sailing first rates like nothing. Gold wasn't an issue.Now the game is much more challenging and player driven. Just like in EVE it takes time to get a new ship, in NA it takes time to get a new ship aswell. As how it should be with MMOs.Many people we're spoiled with the pre 10.0 version of NA. It was much easier as a lone wolf to get anything you wanted. Now it requires a clan, and teamwork, to amass gold and loot. And IMO is a lot more fun and diverse.Some of the negative reviews  bring up good points, such as heavy initial grind. But a lot of them are just people who wanted a more layed back, casual NA that they had pre 10.0. They will get that when Naval Action Legends comes out this summer (Free for all NA buyers)That being said, yes getting out of the first ship will take the most time. But after that gold is much easier to aquire. If you enjoy games like E.V.E, Arch age, POTBs, or just enjoy the age of sail setting, then I reccomend you pick this up. Its a fun game that has a lot to offer, and from here will only improve."
76561198149357730,Not Recommended,311310,20691224,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Tasama,"Im so mad right now! I bought this game in high hopes of experiencing a childhood dream of mine. I login into the game and within the first 10 minutes keep getting kicked out of the client with no reason. The screen goes black and it kicks me to the desktop everytime. If there is a way to fix this, please help me out. I have high hopes of playing this game."
76561198059493291,Not Recommended,311310,20704685,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bouncerschreck,i think the will be fun but if you want stuff to happend dont get this game dont think it's a bad game just nothing happends
76561198033842032,Not Recommended,311310,26460690,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,CrazyJoe,Game sucks when one nation owns the entire carribbean
76561198378297843,Recommended,311310,31189579,Posted: 16 April,all,Valdanar,"Ok so 22 hours playing time in.Before I bought this game I read a lot of reviews and read the forums.It seem there are a lot of veteran players that are not happy with the developers of this game. These players are always moaning about changes from like a year ago and the reviews they have left dont reflect this game at all. This can happen when a game has been in alpha for a while a group of players can think they own it and get upset when it goes in a different direction.(sour grapes I think).This is potentially an awesome age of sail game!It looks beautiful, and the combat is awesome. At the moment the developers are changeing the economy and balancing it out. these older players dont seem to like this because it means a resources wipe.But the Developers are NOT wiping XP!! So thats great for an Alpha game development team surely. Because of this I will invest my time and if they make changes my progess wont be lost!! Awesome!!So this is an unfinished Alpha game and will change and develop. I dont get why these players give bad reviews like this. They nearly put me off but other players were arguing that they were biased and the reviews all looked to me a bit angry and fake, liked they were written by the same guy lol.I  have watched some threads on the forum where the same players who gave this game bad reviews are still playing it !!They whinge and whinge at every change the developers announce and seem to want to stop what the developers are trying to do. These players are acting like spoilt children. Ignore them and make your own mind up.Im am glad I did.One tip, the UI is basic and there is no official tutorial, but there are lots of youtube tutorials which explain this game easily and the community is friendly mostly. I would start as either GB or USA if you speak english. Pirates arent realy pirate but are a kind of a nation as well and seem to be disadvantaged quite a bit in this game. I would avoid starting as a pirate until the pirates become better defined.Remember this is an EA game and there will be changes. If you not sure about that wait for the full release."
76561198285450738,Not Recommended,311310,29383989,Posted: 20 January,all,⎛⎝ Kafwo ⎠⎞,NOT FUN AT ALL
,Recommended,311310,32616835,Posted: 21 June,all,[VI] kovah ` X,"I paid to play in an Alpha game and I received an Alpha game.  I was told to expect changes, sometimes drastic, and...  We got changes...  I was told to expect character wipes and...  You get the point.As a few hours/day maybe more here and there type player NA has been an overall enjoyable experience for me thus far.   You defintely want multiple hours of playtime available for each go, battles can last quite some time.That said the combat is fun and engaging, the ships are really well done, the mechanics are ever changing cause it's in Alpha so I don't let those bug me.  The Devs are talkative if not always professional on their forums which I find refreshing.Would this be worth the full price in it's current state for you?  I dunno.  Sure has been for me."
76561198064998461,Not Recommended,311310,24565510,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,CoolCat2win,"Older review is placed below this one.Do not even waste your money. Came back after a long absence and the only changes i have noticed are your ships only have one life and resources have moved about a bit. These devs are terrible and take forever to do anything. UI still looks like a highschool project. I hear they are working on a big update for it, but that is exactly what i heard last time. The comunity is stagnate. New players are rare and most do not stay. Until late game, gameplay is a repetative grind. Missions need more vatiance and better. Especially when you just get out of the first two teirs. Honestly I would rather play oldschool RS instead. It is sadly a better game than this game is early on.I was just expecting the grind to get back up after the wipe to be a little more fleshed out and fun, but it is just as bad as before.On a positive note, the economy is improved due to some of the changes.""""Bought this game for the 'Beautiful Age of Sail' and the sailing is very beautiful when in battle-I will be giving this game more time,This is my evaluation so far.Startin to love it. Edit : not any more.The good:Good player driven economy. Resourcne needs are driven by players making purchases  in ports. Certain ports produce certain goods. Player buildings can also produce goods for a small price and labor hours. All together this makes a fairly realistic economy, and produces a profitable, believable, and interesting system of trade. Ability to set your own price also increases the realistic behavior of the economy.The sailing mechanics themselves are wonderful.Crafting system seems interesting (I have not worked with it yet)Port management: warehouse, resource production, and such. (I need to try this)The Bad:Player base is too small, and this game would greatly benifit from a large player base.Too time consuming. I get it sail ships were slow but this is a game I have more important things to do in life thanwatch a ship sail in arcade mode for 30. I understand shorter travel time would require some economical rebalancing,but i have a feeling this really turns away new players.Ships take far too much damage. Firing round shot into another cutter packed with men and half the time you do noteven kill one crew member. Yes grape shot is more efffective but im pretty sure cannonballs are quite deadly aswell. I would gladly take realistic loading times and do more damage. This would force you to make every broadsidecount.The boarding minigame could use some work. It has its complecities but it feels a little unrealistic.The UI is terrible. What better way to break imersion than put grey boxes with transparency set to 85% all over thescreen. Even better lets take a look at the port screen. Really a drab blue background. It looks terrible. Aftersailing for 30 minutes to sell salt for a 200 gp profit per item I was starting to feel that this game wasnt so bad.I look around the map at the ports I have visited and find even more possible trade deals. I begin to plan my nexttrip as I pull into port, and for once I feel like I am part of some sort of world. I never felt that before outside ofbattle. Then, reality sinks back in as i am confronted with a simple ugly solid blue background with a grey scalemenue. They took the time to make art for the loading screen. Why have they not even taken the time to draw outone default background for the port? They can keep the rest the same but just ditch the blue background.UI feedback also needs some well deserved love. This will help new players understand mechanics such as cannonsize. Rather than letting you equip the item for a second then throwing it back into your warehouse, the game shoulddisplay:""Your ship can only equip cannons ranging in class from 8-10 and carronades from 8-8""This would clear up so much confusion for new players while being practically invisible to more experiencedcaptains.I will continue to add and remove from both the good and the bad lists as this game changes. If some things are fixed I will happily change my recomendation to a YES."""""
,Not Recommended,311310,25662015,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Nernbutt,doesn't function if you have more than one monitorconstantly minimized every time i tried to fire a gun
76561198209332252,Recommended,311310,33124242,Posted: 2 July,all,finomondo,This game made me demand nothing more in my life for 4 weeks and counting. Great one!BTW - I almost lost my part-time job meanwhile - BE WARNED!
76561198001875514,Recommended,311310,33908734,Posted: 30 July,all,Maxoz,"Great game. Only downside is it has a bit of a whinny playerbase that doesn't understand EA at all. Game mechanics change and get tweaked and people get very upset but the game as a whole gets better. Had, and am still having, tonnes of fun. The game is hardcore, it wont hold your hand. For these who have played Eve Online they will probably love this game."
76561198127447719,Recommended,311310,30054414,Posted: 20 February,all,thesorrow39,it is a ok game however  it needs some changes   it takes forever to get to a rank where   you can fully man a frigate
76561198009075051,Recommended,311310,28143342,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,johnchappell9,"A huge complex and historic game that you gives you the opportunity become a master of brilliantly modelled warships of the time. I have personally never played any game for so long or persistently as Naval Action.  The game is still currently in Development, with content patches added roughly every month. For any Patrick O'Brian readers; this is quite simply the game you have been waiting for."
,Recommended,311310,30121558,Posted: 23 February,all,Tasty,"This will be a long and detailed review, read if you'd like. I'd like to make it every clear to everyone reading this that this is an MMO still in Alpha, which means the game is far from complete so keep that in mind! Bugs and lack of content is included. On to the review..Having played Pirates of the Burning Sea for a couple of years, this game was pretty much a given for me. It felt like an updated version of that, just with more simulation aspects brought into it.Combat;Literally the best part of this game. The mechanics, the sound design, the visual effects, the challenges of sailing a ship, all of these makes the combat in Naval Action brilliant. Even NPCs can push your captain skills to the limit which is a nice take on PvE without making it super easy and utterly boring, all in all PvE is a great way to train before going into PvP.A battle at sea can also take quiet a bit of time. Even in my HMS Surprise, fighting two Snow's can take a good 20-30+ min. It's not a World of Warships game with fast in and out combat. Keep this in mind.Open World Sailing;This is where it will all depend on you, the player. The West Indies which goes all the way from South America to North Charleston and beyond is truly big. You will spend most of your time in-game sailing to wherever you need to go, as the map is scaled very big, going to somewhere that looks close on the map is not that close after all and will take a while. You could always stick with missions close to your port but after a while, you will eventually want to branch out to the unknown.Navigating;When I mentioned simulation aspects, I really meant it. You are only given a map with coordinates and a compass to aid your way. Zooming in on the map gives you a grid view which shows you the different degrees for each grid as well as your own potision in terms of degrees. From there, you have to look where your mission is and use the compass plus the grid to find your way to the mission. No map markers, no waypoints. Just you, the compass and a map. Some will hate this, some will enjoy it.PvE;The only form of PvE is very bareboned at the current moment in the game's state. You have Combat Orders which can be accepted from any port of your own nation. These combat orders are randomly created sea fights where you pick the level of difficulty and the county you want thr battle to be in, rewards are decent and enough and very enjoyable. Supply Deliveries are just that, an assignment to deliver certain types of good to a port for good profit, very time consuming and the goods you need to deliver you have to pay for. PvE Challenges are also there for those who want to test their skills tho can be hard to tackle at the beginning stages.I haven't touched PvP and RvR as of yet, but once I do this review will be updated to include my general impressions from that aswell. My general impressions are overall positive. The game sure lacks alot in it's current state but it's important to remember it's still in Alpha and it has alot to come for the future. With my 35 in-game hours as of writing this review, I've met nothing but good and friendly people willing to help out newcomers to the game, both on the PvP servers and PvE server.Is it for you? Depends if you enjoy games where you are supposed to spend alot of time grinding and sailing. Being stuck with one ship for a long time is a given for this game, being able to pilot the bigger ships do indeed take alot of time. If you have the time for a game like this and enjoy naval warfare from this era, do indeed pick it up. If you are looking for a game where you can hop in quick, get alot of kills and xp this is not the game for you."
76561197993517635,Recommended,311310,32438722,Posted: 15 June,all,Vllad,This is a great RvR game but it is only for people who really love PVP. It has the potential to even be a great game as long as they finish off some new development.People who don't like PVP are not going to like this game so it is likely this game will get mixed reviews. So many players want it to be an arcade game rather than a PVP game since the base mechanics are so good.My favorite part of this game is the developers treat cheaters and exloiters with extreme malice. They do a pretty good job of keeping our servers clean from asshats that try to ruin for everyone else.
76561198009960007,Recommended,311310,30085791,Posted: 21 February,all,Fodder123,Fantastic Naval action.Makes a change from modern Navy seens. Let it blow and sail the severn seas.Graphics are fantastic time and skill reflect the care spent researching these great looking ships.Thank you for this sim!
76561198007273815,Not Recommended,311310,32611827,Posted: 21 June,all,Blood-Nathicana,♥♥♥♥♥turd
76561198115153679,Recommended,311310,32954404,Posted: 28 June,all,b-faeth,Great game! It is Early Access which created a multitude of unjust bad reviewsfrom people who lost their progress due to the game being updated!Look to the internet for learning how to play beforehand as it has no tutorial and some difficult to learn mechanics. Try PvE server if you dislike getting sunk early on.More akin to the real age of sail this game features mostly relatively slow gameplay with longer distances between islands than in other games and strategic fighting instead of just reflexes. The sailing feels like sailing. The graphics are good. The menus lack art but work fine.It is a must have if you like sailingships.
,Not Recommended,311310,20688065,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,goodpoints,"Are you a fan of historical Age of Sail sims like Wooden Ships & Iron Men, Flying Colors, and Close Action? Expecting something like Silent Hunter in the late 18th/early 19th century? Well sorry to say, but it's basically World of Sailboats.What good is an open world in a simulation if it's completely fictional and the nations are merely the Red, Blue, etc. teams? What time period is this supposed to be?  Organized pirates controlling ports after the first quarter of the 18th century? Please. Even Sid Meier's Pirates had a more realistic setting. Instead of creating this ridiculous 8 nation free for all why not have different servers that run different campaign settings with the players as warships/privateers and AI controlled merchantmen, e.g. servers for the ARW, Quasi War, War of 1812, etc. But it's pretty clear the devs have little interest in creating historical scenarios. Imagine an Il-2 Sturmovik game (which the devs claimed to have worked on) where every European nation just flies around attacking every other nation. Yeah.Oh yeah and ridiculous sailing physics.  You can sit at a dead stop, with all sails in and spin around in endless circles."
,Recommended,311310,23050767,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Carpra,The Dream.9/10 - Must buy for naval fans.
76561198052882866,Not Recommended,311310,34843591,Posted: 9 September,all,Mongo,Can't even tell where you are on the world map so you waste a ton of time! I don't care about realism its a video game!
76561198029362532,Not Recommended,311310,25408480,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dazza,so many exploits to avoid battles
,Recommended,311310,27891889,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[     ]RandomNub0815,"the game is simple: it is a online chat room with boatsIf you like typing, then fear not, this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,311310,29359488,Posted: 19 January,all,squishyboob,its alright.. if you like strategy and release
,Not Recommended,311310,22491079,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,The Decoy,So far it is kind of a bad MMO version of Sid Meier's Pirates!.
76561198007468168,Not Recommended,311310,24582911,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Eladan64,"Was expecting a waaaay deeper game for 40 CHF. The seafights are not bad and could become awesome with a better visualization of the crew.my results after some hours of Naval Action:+ Nice graphics in the seafights, especially the clouds+ great simulation of wind+ nice coop playing possibility+ working serversand now to the bad stuff:- Awfull User Interface- It has the potential to become the best sea fighting simulation but doesn't ad necessary content for months- crappy visualizated Crew- general lack of atmosphere (Cried orders, speeches, music)- baaad graphics outside the battleswait till you see real improvements in the Patch changelog. I know its not the best game for seafights but try asassins creed black flag if you appreciate atmosphere more than pure simulation!sorry for bad english"
76561198151805268,Recommended,311310,34890506,Posted: 11 September,all,Prince Frdi,I love this game dude
76561198007240439,Not Recommended,311310,22708777,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,john.popkess,"No tutorial....no hints.....no cheeky clues on how to play. I have spent an hour looking at meaningless menus and randomly pressing keys in the hope that a hand will come out of my monitor and slap me silly. For the sake of balance, the water looks good."
,Recommended,311310,20717401,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Glarfl,"Was able to flip a ship upsidown by pushing it down with my ship, 10/10"
76561197997638585,Not Recommended,311310,25018517,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,irakliin,"worthless, gameplay is absolutely bad. No content, just sailing in empty simulation of sea (actually not a good one)"
76561198084784738,Recommended,311310,25407708,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,BorisNV,"This is BY FAR the best game in this Genre ever. You see a lot of negative reviews but they all focus on small aspects without considering that this is still in Alpha.At this point I would review it better than all other naval games I have tried in their final versions.If you love the age of the big sailing ships and if you love sailing this is a must!!!!Sailing, weather, wind and wave dynamics are spot on and ny now all I really need is a navigation page for voyage planning.I should add that I have logged 54000 Nautical Miles as master of a square rigger (In real life) just to put my statements in perspective compared to some of the more immature reviews :-)"
76561197976516533,Recommended,311310,25873208,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,VIE><-DanneVirke Danish,"its a game in progress. evry new patch rly give the game a thumps up. the dev are hearing what we say and make the chances after that....have played 1000 hours and still on it, new stoff epic battles, pvp and pve..if you like to trade this is game for you to...it a mix of battle traders and building..rly like this game thumps up from meDanneVirke in game :)"
76561198032621418,Recommended,311310,25477741,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Lockness,Great Game!Looking forward to the devs adding more stuff & making the interface much more user friendly to encourage more players to enter the fray.
76561198061034033,Recommended,311310,23777414,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Barnabus,ben playing this game for months finnaly got HMS victory with enough crew to fully crew her went into one battle fought ingermanland set her on fire somehowe it got fire shock blew the hell up 10/10 would see that again
76561198070362023,Recommended,311310,22855672,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,generalcdn,if you played age of pirates you will like this no walking around tho
,Recommended,311310,22868392,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Psʏᴄʜᴏ Bɪᴋᴇ-O,"Much like EVE, but it's two dimensional and a much easier difficulty curve. Takes place around the 19th century and you can be a patriot to your country if you want.Though every bloody pirate seems to call themselves Jack SparrowI'm not kidding, I see one every 10 minutes or so"
76561198065059069,Recommended,311310,23077482,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,von Krimm,"Pros:Still in early stages where each testers opinion and ideas reach the devs.Dynamic open world where you make it the game YOU want it to be and each person's action 9or inaction) affects the nation for which they sail.Co-operative enviroment and helpful experienced testers24/7 (well, that is a tad un-true; daily server maintenace you know) action availablemeaningful content added regularymeaningful resources and crafting-without needing hundreds of different resources to make itemsPIRATES!CONS:more difficult to level solo than with groups and clans.Large AI marine contingents...even on merchants!PIRATES!(full disclosure: I'm von Krimminal in-game and I am a Pirate, a [SORRY] Pirate)"
76561198066455107,Recommended,311310,21138429,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,McNay,Why havn't you brought this game already?
76561198019893769,Recommended,311310,26741934,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Xpain,"I have loved this game, I stopped playing it because I don't like the direction is taking.There are a few problems that make it out of balance:There are countries/factions that have more population than others.The problem with the unfairs gankings has not been adressed correctly yet. you can find yourself fighting in a little trader without cannons with 9 braves ships full of cannons.The path that the game is taking make not sense to me, to make a vesel now is a two weeks grinding fine woods,,,, a vessel that you can lose in 20 minutes or less. but they want more PVP.Mistakes that are not been solved like :Trade has becoming too complex.... previusly was very simple and now we are at the other side of the pendulum.Special blue prints for ships that were given randomly in special events. Events weren't working like intended and were taken out... but now a few players have those Special Blue prints and there is not way to have them yourself.I love the game anyway. good graphics, good battles when balanced and I still have hope, it still in alpha."
,Recommended,311310,27813952,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mark,Great at times but too much dedication is required.
,Recommended,311310,31749958,Posted: 14 May,all,GH,"Not that much *action*. Slow but realistic game. If you like simulators and slow mmo's about naval battles, this is a promising game !"
76561198005807803,Recommended,311310,27604603,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Adadad Baba,While I still enjoy this game the recent changes to ship building have made crafting a bit bthersome and time consuming.
76561197971430883,Recommended,311310,32382951,Posted: 13 June,all,TemporalFlux,"I used to be able to sail a formidable ship in fun battles, crafting, sailing, running missions and having fun.Since the introduction of PVP and Conquest marks the game has locked 2/3 of the content for the casual player. PVE marks get you low range ships and traders and without several hours of mind numbing cat and mouse style gameplay with little to no reward you cannot hope to advance any further.Dev's are listening to the wrong people, big clans are like big corporations, they are the worst people to give advice on how to develop a game going forward.It's like being given advice on how to invest your money by a crooked investor, it only benefits themUnfortunately I like this game, a lot."
76561197988339821,Not Recommended,311310,22110820,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Bookend,"Graphics are excellent and mask a very grind heavy game-play.  PVP is under developed, but fleet tactics are compelling.  After the inital learning curve and the novelty of the trading market has warn off... all that is left is arbitrage and a very boring combat ""aim and fire"" mechanic.Having said that, I put 100s of hours into this game in order to reach ""end game"", ultimately to be disappointed that there is nothing left to do."
,Recommended,311310,24972049,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Sir Texas Sir,"Fun game that is a sandbox open worl play so you do a lot of exploring and the combat system is a nice change from older naval games.  It si not a areana style play that has fast matches.  There is an option fo that style of battles that cna be done, but you still have to grind up the level and earn/craft ships.  People need ot remember this is an Early Release Alpha so you are basicly a play tester for the game until it goes live."
76561198308538088,Recommended,311310,34271884,Posted: 16 August,all,Supreme Leader,"There's going to be a lot of reviews coming in from the slackers like myself that have been playing for a long time and haven't left a steam review. There's too many people knocking this game and it's a good game. There's been consistent updates, balancing, and new content coming in for at least a year plus. I'm sure it's hard to get started and it's not your typical millenial game. It's a niche game. It's a sanbox style game. You get out from this game what you put in."
76561198251680420,Recommended,311310,34078972,Posted: 7 August,all,Mehrdad,So Whats Going on In NAVAL ACTION1-Its So MUCH MUCH MUCH BORING TRAVEL TIME(whole map at 19knot..6hours:O)2-there is not much Good Trading system its completly Depend on active Players3-sadly there is No skill to use while fight/sail/etc4-Lack of content and Game Depend on Numbers not a skill(ex:6x BIG ship vs 2x Medium ship)where is BALANCE???5- OH GOD...One of the BEST Ship Battle..SO realistic and SO much FUN and NEED to Think and Accurate your ShotsI LOVE it...Sadly there is Bad Boarding.. but Cannon..Wow Feeling them every sec.. i love the SOUND of BOOOMHope they ADD ALOT More Stuff To game..Already.. Not much Fun..Grinding many things After Many Hours.. will be BOREDBut i Love Pirate Games .. So i Support Game and will be send positive review
76561198013475377,Not Recommended,311310,24977407,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Knyn,Until they revamp their hard to use UI
76561198044709439,Recommended,311310,25488854,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Judgecam,"If you like simulators this game may be for you. If you like the age of sails then Naval Action definitely is. I bought this game full price because to me the devs put a lot of effort into it. I've watched it for about 6 months and so far I am not disappointed. Sure, the temporary UI in ports may through you off but the actual gameplay is impressive."
,Recommended,311310,23163254,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Undream,"""Action"". It is a prank bro."
,Recommended,311310,26749897,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,KALEB,i love this game its not like every other game out there it has its own style to it you could say i play as a pirate and once you get the hang of it your golden.
76561198045178857,Recommended,311310,26974572,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Long Dong Silver,"I would say that naval action is all around a good game. Of course, its currently in alpha state, it contains a few bugs and it stills need ALOT of polishing, most important of all they need to make a decent UI because the current UI is ugly and counter intuitive. But I'd still recommend the game taking in consideration that the naval combat and the sea physics are pretty good. Far from a perfect game but still alot of fun."
,Recommended,311310,30417277,Posted: 9 March,all,Sylar,"This game is great. If you hate tall ships, naval battles, economy, the vicissitudes of pvp, and fun, go play hello kitty online, it will probably be more up your alley.Granted the game is still not complete, so there will hopefully still be some improvements made to the way things work. The devs have been great at implementing good content and mechanics as requested by players. Most of the frustration in game stems from certain players taking advantage of things like alts and unsportsman like gameplay, that the devs have been in the process of working out how to prevent those things. When this game is ready to go live for real, I believe it is going to be well worth playing.As far as all the negative crap people have been saying about the game that is not even true or real... please grow up.THIS GAME IS ADDICTING AND FUN!"
76561197977297658,Recommended,311310,34051843,Posted: 5 August,all,Edward Low,"Had this game from the start, it is getting better. You must put in the time and link up with a guild to really move along."
76561198018405302,Recommended,311310,34297147,Posted: 16 August,all,lross,"With at least 500 hours into this game I have lived with the ups and downs, radical changes in game direction, forum flaming, clan politics and all that. Yet I still LOVE this game. The graphics are awesome and immersive. The sailing is authentic and thrilling. Crafting and trading are what I like best, and PvP can be exhilarating and terrifying.The development team is eccentric but ARE trying to listen to the player base - maybe too hard. But I sense that they are nearing the end of their design wanderings and will settle on some finaldesign decisions soon.As a naval warfare historian and MMO veteran, I can say this is the best simulation out there, especially for Napoleonic era naval warfare...and it will get better!"
76561198012071006,Recommended,311310,20781802,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,duraniedad,I cannot find a manual anyhere
76561198272139268,Recommended,311310,25037985,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,XXXXUrMomSucksBallsXXXX,men I have this game for 3 day now and i have 34 hours on it GREAT GAME
,Recommended,311310,25615281,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,mr.davidthornley,Nicely addictive
76561198121221856,Recommended,311310,25686362,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,neltoy,"For now its the best realistic naval action game. even thou its still in alpha phase but its very nice, the battle the trade, and exploration. also the cannons sound is superb, if you just have the sound system in your room it will very awesome to hear it."
76561198007833765,Recommended,311310,25701826,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,SYL,Great potential sequel to Pirates!Amazing graphics.The economic aspects of the game is developing.Would suggest Game Makers to add more social entertainment/variety at Ports.The HUD is quite boring with only trades possible.Maybe some probability/chance at port taverns?
76561198146836135,Recommended,311310,25037340,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,NawaF Bin Msa3D,GG
76561198067384642,Recommended,311310,25475541,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Groparu,"Great game, Great community. Hehe...no idiots and no kids, is hard to play (first week)"
76561198046846385,Recommended,311310,20673190,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Weathers,"I can already tell this is my next time sink.Looks and feels authentic. The combat is fleshed out already.Community seems mature. When you see people with hoursupon hours poured into a game, you know its going to be good."
,Recommended,311310,24007769,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,The805Mistwatch,"Quite a relaxing game, its a boatload of fun and a hull of a good time, if its on sail you cant afford knot to buy it for a smooth sailing time. Did I mention there are boats?Ship is what this games all a-boat."
76561198084568019,Recommended,311310,33983656,Posted: 2 August,all,Erwin Rommel,"the game is great but there should be a simulated fast travel between ports/ waypoints, to make playing more action packed"
76561198105209773,Recommended,311310,21058716,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,moga007,niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
,Recommended,311310,21897297,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Gaddafi,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198018119103,Recommended,311310,24675607,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Niall Ovenden,An awesome game with a great future.
76561198040737065,Recommended,311310,21133520,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Bagodonuts,For an alpha it's going places. There is a of lack of content. But if the devs keep putting effort into this one it could be one of the greats. If you are into this genre. A bit pricey considering but looks to be a great game come release.
76561198047180908,Recommended,311310,22171135,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Blacklockdown,naval action proved god is real
,Recommended,311310,25547790,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,RedBear,"What this game has over the World of Warships, is that you can actually play more than 3 people at once. that is if you have more than 3 friends. And in my opinion its more fun to play this with more friends. Alone this game is a loss, but shines with more.recommend this? well yes if you have some love for old warships and want to do play with others. Its duable alone, but it never hurts to have some help. This is def a mp game but i do not dare to go as far to call this a mmo. That is why i think its to early to say. Price wise, its on the  steep end."
76561197984063531,Recommended,311310,23483262,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Cpl. Sommer [29th Ret.],Petty Cool game 9/10
76561198010767724,Recommended,311310,23876160,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GeneralGeldenhuys,"I will rate this game 6/10.This game have good graphics and solid gameplay in terms of naval combat in the Age of Sail genre. Actually the best what you can find and thus it is the reason why I purchase it.I can't give it full points, despite the only game in its  genre fulfulling all the mechanics and solid, smooth gameplay.This game is extremely time consuming. Prepare to have a book while playing this game, because it is very slow paced. The naval battles are fine, but the Open World experience is something most people want to be revamped.There are numerous other reasons why this game doesn't favour casual gamers and is more geared towards hardcore gamers. It is time consuming, limited features in economy which could be improved upon, time consuming and long distances to sail. Expect to spend more or less an hour in the Open World before arriving at a certain port or battle location.Also note the devs are a small group and take very long to implement updates. An update each month and then patches in the upcoming weeks. Much more could be desired and feedback is only considered from hardcore longtime standing players, making it difficult for new casual gamers to fit in.Good graphics, solid gameplay, but favour too much to hardcore gamers, bland economy and time consuming. 6/10.EDIT: I change the downvote to an upvote, all the above still applies, but the recent patches make the game more interesting and the introduction of alliances certainly changes a lot of things. I hope the economy can be addressed and then I might change my review completely."
76561198199715451,Recommended,311310,23649251,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ozarkgator,Great Game - still in PVE mode - Getting the basics down before I try PVP. I am very happy with the details and graphics. The XP progression is slow but not daunting. Gold can be leveraged very easily with trade but that is a complex system. I like the crafting/manufacturing phases. There are so many things to do and so little time! LOL.I highly reccommend this game to anyone who is looking for a relaxing game experience with periods of intense struggle. It is not a fast action game - the nature of seaborne conflict dictates long periods of low activity interspersed with extremely intense and fast action.May you have fair winds and following seas.
76561198023721684,Not Recommended,311310,20747087,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,bogelcat,"you play this game for the naval battles, the aiming system is terrible, the battles are currently a painful grind"
,Not Recommended,311310,31151621,Posted: 15 April,all,=7Cav=SPC.Xander.T,Dead game
76561198030893346,Not Recommended,311310,21006831,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Polar Bear in Pants,"INTERNATIONAL BOREDOM GENERATOR 2016:I usually love games of this type and from this time period. This time, everything is repetitive, demotivating and not very much fun at all. I quickly came to the realization that I shouldn't ""waste my life"" with this game. While this is still in Early Access, I feel certain that it will never be fun to play because the player will have to spend days and days getting up to any level and ship that will actually be entertaining.The game is quite beautiful in its graphics and the little details that makes the feeling of realism. The thing is that a game should be entertaining and rewarding. This game feels like neither."
,Not Recommended,311310,23786830,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Bigfoot907,the pics on the storefront are what you see about 20% of the game.   other gfx are crap
76561197979770180,Recommended,311310,31739356,Posted: 13 May,all,Bach,"The new upcoming 5/15 patch looks very promising for those that like similated warfare RvR with a player controlled economy and logistics that matter to the wars.  This will be a game for serious competitors who enjoy long game startegy and team play with world shaping consequences to your choices.  Be they good ones or bad ones.For those that may not have played the game in beta. It has a top notch ship to ship battle system capable of handling up to 25v25 contests. Realistic maps and terrain. Battle instances model of the actual sorrounding you happen to be sailing in and are not just bland repetitive instances.  Econ is real econ and not just every man for himself crafting like we see in some games.  You can trade to become rich or to make your nation powerful. With a full player controlled economy merchant lords may well pick the winners and losers in RvR conflict beyond just the great pvp.Come join us as this new patch takes the beta one step closer to release. At this time it is essentially a 100% playable game and the only thing really missing is the pretty UI and theme music playing in the back ground.There are a number of negative reviews by players that one way or another didn't get the exact changes in the game they wanted.  They may claim it is ""the worst sailing game they ever heard of"".   But they have heard of it......and that means they liked it at one time like the rst of us still do.  Piracy and conquest is not for the feint of heart!"
76561198054885990,Not Recommended,311310,25634125,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Geordex,if you a looking for a quick start play do not buy thisthere are no tutorials (yet)and i just hate figuring it all out myself.refunded and will buy again when it is finished
,Not Recommended,311310,20795210,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Belta,"Save your money.  World of Warships is better.Played 3 games, multiplayer stopped working. Played more than 3 hours so can't get refund, gg."
76561198067700156,Not Recommended,311310,24925941,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,gotaer,"One of the worst games I have ever had the displeasure of experiencing. So much potential, so many hopes of what to do. and instead, you get to stay bored. cruising the 7 seas after grinding for hours and hours to accomplish garbage. I have never had to grind so long in an uninteresting game in my life, only to reach a point where you know it still won't be enjoyable"
76561198016532874,Recommended,311310,28180258,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Henning,"I have personally never played any game for so long or persistently as Naval Action. The game is still currently in Development, with content patches added roughly every month. A Lovely game ........."
76561198046939755,Recommended,311310,29010807,Posted: 4 January,all,Sgt. N. Saper [1stRB],"A game to please the history nerd and the strategy gamer.  If you liked Master and Commander, this is the game for you.  Remember its an alpha, so nothing's gonna be perfect for a while, but stick with it!"
,Recommended,311310,29931110,Posted: 14 February,all,HighTechHippie,"First, I LOVE THIS GAME. Sailing around on wooden ships, and blasting the hell out of other wooden ships--it doesn't get better than that, unless you add alcohol. Hence, this drunkenly-written review. Why is the rum always gone?I sailed from the Bahamas, around the Keys, to the west coast of Florida to try and sail up the Caloosahatchee, to get to Lake Okeechobee. I then found out it was too shallow to sail (and/or couldn't find the river). XP for sailing? Hell yes. Much fish along the way, to sell? Hell yes, profit!Yeah, there's bugs to work out, but that's why it's in Alpha state, and has a bug-report key. Hint: it's F11.Score? 8/10, because you never leave out room for improvement."
,Recommended,311310,29455615,Posted: 23 January,all,kumisz,"Good game, one of a kind. Don't let the negative reviews discourage you. Check out some videos on youtube (my favorites are Liquicitizen Sili's shorter engagements), and see for yourself. Of course those are only the action, they don't show the more time consuming open world sailing between cities.Definitely recommended for sailing euthasiasts, as the sailing mechanics are decently accurate in the game.If you are into playing in groups and have a lot of time, it might be worth it. The playerbase is very helpful and mature, the developers are IMO pretty nice and answer most questions as long as you are not toxic and not constantly ♥♥♥♥♥ing about problems.The game's open world aspect is interesting albeit somewhat timeconsuming, as the map is REALLY huge, so the travel times are pretty long, even the closest cities are 5-10 minute distance from each other. This solution is timeconsuming, but there is something spectacular about losing the sight of land, as you are not marked on the map at all, you only know which city you came from and what heading you have been keeping. Your coordinates are shown on the map screen because a lot of people got lost and complained about it :DThe game features a well fleshed out battle instance system which takes the landmasses from your open world position into the instance, so if there was land in front of you, it will be there in the battle too, you need to take that into consideration when you position yourself before engaging. The battle system overall is great, other than the boarding mechanism which is being worked on to make it more complex.The game has a reasonable economy system which is constantly being tweaked by the devs to make it fit the server population, mostly with success.There is also a ship crafting system (most good quality ships are crafted and sold by other players in the game). The devs said though they are reworking the quality system to make it simpler, but that will probably only happen with the launch.The game will leave early access during 2017, and there will be a wipe before launch, so you might be better off waiting until that to buy the game. The current state is pretty solid, but there are wipes hanging in the air - port wipes (where every port is returned to the original owner realm), and a full assett wipe before launch. I heard they will not wipe the XP though. The 40€ price is pretty much solidified, don't expect it to be on sale, at least not before launch."
,Not Recommended,311310,29258545,Posted: 14 January,all,P*ter,"i refunded it before the changed it to the way it is today, i dont regret my decision one bit"
76561198026801404,Not Recommended,311310,22491135,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,=Skleebz=,most boring game I ever played
,Recommended,311310,32530089,Posted: 18 June,all,Guus2Kill,"great game, you realy have to watch out what you are doing otherwise you get sunk.getting into the game can be frustrating because there is no tutorial in the game right now. but when you know how it works it gets alot easier"
76561198045179933,Recommended,311310,28395748,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,RPGC.Fate,"Highly recommend, suggest finding a group to play with though as solo can be taxing/boring, Either way combat is fun. Solid 8/10 for me."
76561198032994830,Not Recommended,311310,23654007,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dynamiez,"This is not a very good game. tryied it only few hours after watched some youtube videos about it. like somebody wrote before, the first mission (the FIRST, there arent any missions before the first, its the VERY FIRST MISSION) is impossible. you have to fight one on one against an other ship, you have the smallest ship possible, the enemy has one class above you, your crew doesn't ever hit the enemey even if the people  from enemy ship can touch your cannons, on the other hand the enemy has only hitmans on their boat. even on 40 km distance, they can shoot a crow on your masts."
76561197970913253,Not Recommended,311310,22734102,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,maxtch,Grind fest.
,Recommended,311310,29581645,Posted: 30 January,all,BlazedBaph686,"Despite all of the recent thumbs down, this game is a great. That is all that needs to be said lad."
,Recommended,311310,25835961,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sarekh,"Mind you, this is an early access review!In my opinion this game currently is suited only for folks that are(a) actually used to early access and have no problems with temp features and bugs and unfinished stuff(b) people that have time and patience to work towards long-term goals(c) folks actually very much interested in sailing and / or the era of classical sailingIf you can say ""aye, that's me"" to those three points then this game will be an absolute stunner for you!Absolute pro:The sailing and combat mechanics are insanely realistic by gaming standards. This means that you will spend loads of time waiting for the right angle, the right direction of wind, the cannon to reload or just to come into range - followed by intense battle moments. If you know how your ship behaves you can win battles against much bigger opponents by outsailing and outmaneuvering them and this is something that I really like about it as someone who is an actual yachtsman.Managing and tuning your ship and crew is rewarding and complex: You can add modifications to your ship that influence certain performance, from turning rating to rigging speed, from cannon type to water pump quality. With some work you can turn your ships into speeders, capturing ships, artillery specialists or armed cargo haulers.The economy system still is changing alot but gives you a whole new angle to the game: crafting resources and ships you can make yourself a mastercrafter and influence the market of your faction by providing much needed materiels. You can use the money to expand your production facilities in the ports or buy materiels that you need to build even bigger ships. You will have to find a way to bring your resources from one port outpost to another, though and this is not always a good idea to do if there are 10 enemy ships privateering in your area.Sounds and especially graphics are simply awesome. The ship detailing and the weather simulations are simply beautiful for a game that is not taxing on the computer. They are also somewhat adding to game depth and realism as a night battle will actually require you to look for that cannon flashes if your enemy is far away and the smoke from a broadside can give you a sight screen if timed right. The UI still is horrible - mind you. It will be redesigned but apparently this is a minor priority right now for the devs - I can live with that but I can also understand if people say it's a no-go for them.neutral:The learning curve and the resulting frustration can be insanely high. There is no tutorial whatsoever and you will make some bad mistakes you will regret later if you don't read up first. In my first 5 hours I sailed a redeemed and costly ship without cannon and got myself into a fight and lost a durability point. Then I sold the ship for virtually nothing - something I regretted for a long time afterwards. Read yourself up in the wiki and steam guides, ask other players, join a clan and ask there, watch videos - it will help you alot enjoing the game!Supporting roles are only rewarded by other players - not by the game. This I cannot stress enough because I love to support and this game does not make it easy for you - as some players don't care about it as I do I still put it under neutral. There are loads of possibilities to help out your task force or your clan either in battle or in open world or in economy. You can cut off enemy sailing paths, ram your small ship into larger ships in order to give your allies enough time to approach, play cannon fodder, be on lookout for enemies, take part in blockades of ports - but this will not be rewarded by the game, you will suffer. Go and find yourself a clan that rewards and supports you and does the same for you - it makes it much more easy.Absolute negative:The UI simply is horrible right now. loca-strings, insufficient tool tips, inconsistent ""are you sure you wanna do that"" buttons and an non-existing design combined with a bad organisation of buttons - this will be reworked but right now it is a mess and some of the biggest frustrations stem from that.Lack of QOL features is also a big no-no for me: I can understand that some of this lack stems from balancing reasoning but they are essentially a big downer for investing in large campaigns. The fact that you cannot send back captures goods automatically or that you will absolutely have to sail the whole way around from one port to another in order to bring goods from a to b sucks much fun out of the economy for example."
,Recommended,311310,30791461,Posted: 28 March,all,Sacklamb,edit review. upon spending a long time watching youtube videos i finally got how to play. im going from 1-3 stars. would give more but after fighting a♥♥♥♥♥♥its looses you like im lost in the review. im simply recomending this game just to get more people interested..
76561198121321359,Recommended,311310,31695504,Posted: 11 May,all,Freedom Hammer,"Naval Action is by far the most beautiful games that you can play, granted the game has advanced at a slower rate than most would like. Although there is a lot of hate for the DEV's I personally believe they are doing a great job and their game is one of my all time favorites. People like to hate way to much, Devs keep up the amazing work."
76561198353578542,Recommended,311310,29025974,Posted: 4 January,all,Flyz_it_Dies,WARNING! THIS GAME IS SUPER ADDICTIVEI love this game and can't stop playing it its so fun I love it! I highly recommend it its worth every penny of the $40
,Recommended,311310,26606162,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ricca.zucca,i love it
76561198062282371,Recommended,311310,30124700,Posted: 23 February,all,AlcarUGA,"Simply spectacular. If you want a button masher or arcade experience, go somewhere else. This game is a splendid recreation of the age of sail, and only patient captains need apply.The ships. Oh my god, the ships. Beyond beautiful. The map is enormous in scale, so there can be some long voyages. Grab a Hornblower or Aubrey book, set sail, and enjoy. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,311310,28813767,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,1234Felix07214 (Ger),It can be very exciting and funny when you have some friends to play with
76561198029559365,Recommended,311310,28075498,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Diavoloblak,"Pretty good for an early acces game, no real major problems as of yet"
76561198071329574,Recommended,311310,28514681,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Amplify,"One of the best games i played so far.In terms of the quality of the ship models, variety of available ships such as the Santissima Trinidad with her 138 guns and the vast open world modeled after the caribbean.The competition for ports in huge port battles aswell as open world pvp and pve battles raging from 1-20+ ships allows for a variety of different play styles. Wandering the open seas as a lone wolf or as part of a bigger fleet with your friends or one of the nice and helpfull communities here in Naval Action.Traders , Crafters and Merchants will also have their own share of fun through an abundance of resources, Ports and Islands as well as ships that can be crafted and sold in the player based economy.the only thing that bothers me is the wipes and the players not getting much in return for it but i suppose that is how early acces works anyway go play it it's funSigned byEl Presidente Amplify"
76561198095304302,Recommended,311310,33899721,Posted: 30 July,all,Mercur,"Hey guys,I write this because of all the negative comments I read here.What was claimed a lot in the past, was the game whipe, where the players lost their ships and money. But it should be clear to everyone who plays an alpha version game, that the following releases could destroy your progress. Guys we play because we like playing the game not for the greatest progress right?On the other hand it is claimed that the players who are not online every day have no chance in getting better ships etc. Also this point doesn’t make sence to me. If you are offline for a while collect your goods and place selling contracts in the shop! When you come back they will be sold.Furthermore pirate activity can be spotted easily by reading the nation / combat news chat. And even non-clanmembers can ask for participation in trader convoys.Of course the first steps within Naval Action are hard. It has a difficult gameplay and NPCs don’t differenciate between a veteran and a newbie. But to express my own opinion: This game is great. I like the economy and seafight simulation components a lot! Also risky PvP battles and the possibility to conquer other nations or to be conquered lend the game its special charm.Btw there are several guides / plays on f. e. youtube where you can gain some insights about the game !o7 captains"
76561198107082613,Recommended,311310,30359824,Posted: 6 March,all,Logman,"Im going to be blunt about this, this game not for everyone, this game is a simulation, It not not easy, It is not fast paced, you will spend along time sailing from place to place.ships take time to sink. However, if you want a game that makes you feel like you are a ships captian in 1815, this os the game for you. Alot of the negitive reviews are from early access players where they where juat testing the combat system and rhere was no open world or due ro aome drama going on between part of the community and the devs, alegidly the devs deleted some negitive reviews and got into some arguments on the forms, I dont know for sure about the first one (I believe it though) but I have seen proof of the heated arguments, I dont agree with the devs doing this, however I will give them the benefit of the doubt and say they may have been having a bad day becaulse up untell now they have been nothing but nice. l warn you there is a steep learning curve but for me it has been worth it. This has been one of the dunest games I have ever played"
,Recommended,311310,26648891,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Skury,"Seems to have pretty good depth to it, economy is tied to player trading and cities can change factions based on PVP.The combat is very intricate as well. Currently enjoying the game very much."
,Recommended,311310,26731982,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Lt. Retriever,"An excellent game, I love how much it has improved since I originally bought it back at the end of January this year definity probably the best ship game currently out there.I admit I haven't played much but I like to check up every once in a while to see whats new and I can tell you I haven't yet been let down."
76561198065086085,Recommended,311310,27050042,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mouldy Sandwich™,A great game where you can have some truly epic ship battles
76561198038759225,Recommended,311310,27408303,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,delta-61,"nominate for the ""best of sim"" award"
76561198047830484,Recommended,311310,27972505,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,dream,Good game with with great prospects!
76561198336077234,Recommended,311310,26704935,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Artemis Blood,"Incredible naval combat simulator. Imagine a sailing game where knowing how to sail actually matters. Content is still limited but one doesn't worry about development when fighting a 20v20 ship battle. Clans, conquest, crafting, cannons, and pirates. Beautiful world and a very friendly community. Pay no heed to negative community members. Great game and always getting better."
,Recommended,311310,32060750,Posted: 30 May,all,the Northenmost Viking,Hey guys i played this game for a total of 623.5 hours and then the Leader of the Sorry clan decided too trick some of the members in the clan so that we where reset what a knob head!
76561197985123110,Recommended,311310,26650797,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,LuvDuck,"This is the first time I felt strongly enough to write a review for a game. I got the link for this game from a friend, watched a bunch of videos and I was sold.There are many positives for this game and I am happy to have found a sailing game that I can finally immerse myself in. Some of these positive aspects include;* Lovely Scenery* Realistic Sailing Mechanics* Extremely fun combat mechanics (For me personally large fleet battles)* Beautifully modelled ships* Mature community that is friendly and affable* Level Advancement is fairI'm by no means a great fighter, but I enjoy exploring, trading and helping where I can.I believe there are more things to come and am looking forward to see what will happen. There are certain things that I want to see in the game and I don't believe that the realism in the game is for everyone.Recommended for those looking for a sailing game, to be on the sea and get lost in the romanticism of the age of sail."
76561198052354262,Recommended,311310,33497903,Posted: 13 July,all,keriandal,"After Return of no GPS, the game has gotten its old magic back, Definitely recommend for players that like sailing"
76561198115362501,Recommended,311310,33962578,Posted: 1 August,all,jefropi,I love this game period. I feel like I'm back in the age of sail. I would love to see a 1st person view when in battle and open world. Also to see crew on open world as well. Good job to the devs.
,Recommended,311310,33877830,Posted: 29 July,all,road to BronZe1,Best game of its genre I've played. ...BUT too much fooling around with the mechanics and not enough content for the amount of time spent playing around with it.
76561198010838768,Recommended,311310,20725837,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Bish0p77,"I've refunded my buy, I will be definitly back to it at some point in the future, but for now gui is crap, no tutorial what to do, it seems to be pay to win game, with premium ships available in real-cash shop. Graphics are good, but water's physics are crap. Open world is cool, but after 30 mins of sailing around it simply becomes boring and pointless. Also pvp is not all that great. It takes forever to sink another ship, so 1v1 battles become boring after 10 minutes. I will buy it again, but as for now, i don't recommend to buy it, if you are a fan of completed games(i know it's an early access, but for 37 euros i expected something more)"
76561198111939405,Recommended,311310,25729353,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Ronnin79,"For now 75h and i love it. Good PVP, great community, i have a lot of fun.Hope they upgrade UI because is terrible and frightening for new users, but community give a lot of help."
76561198074625094,Recommended,311310,25734991,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,A Stoned Peasant,"Been looking for a ""realistic"" naval battle game set during the Napoleonic era for ages. Trust me, i haven't found anything better than this. And this, is good.The price is pretty high, that's the only gripe i have with the game. I surely hope they will keep patching and updating their product because even just now the models and battles are gorgeous. Sound effects are pretty authentic too. I recommend this game for anyone who's been lost at sea like me while trying to find a good game.I'm getting back to it now actually."
76561198072637934,Recommended,311310,25789047,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Mexican Milk Man,"Well, this game is a mixed bag. On one hand, the graphics, gameplay, and over all feel are all refined and feel well polished. On the other hand, this game takes a lot of devotion, it punishes greatly for each mistake you make, and glitches run wild in this game right now. I like it, but some may not. For one, there is a durability system. You start off with each ship you have thats a 5th rate or lower has 5 durability points. These points are how many times you can surrender or get sunk until your ship is gone. For good. Overall, this game I think is a must-buy for someone who likes the age of sail."
76561198147602332,Recommended,311310,25682163,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,barracuda joe,way better then it looks easy to get hooked
,Recommended,311310,24787794,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,cum guzzling trap,I've been trying to find a port....FOR 15 ♥♥♥♥ING HOURSI give the game 10 shashliks out of 10 babushkas - Amazing
76561198022147744,Recommended,311310,25633043,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Kalem,solid
,Recommended,311310,24358503,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Brascoboy,"Best Game! A++ Join a Clan eventually, it's how the game is designed to be played. Plus, it's in Alpha(Beta) still so it's only going to get better!"
76561198052491781,Recommended,311310,25961845,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,CaptainLarry,"In love with this game, but it definately needs an OCE server at some point"
,Not Recommended,311310,28664809,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rei,"Bad. Really bad. The UI is far worse than the screenshots show. The controls feel lagged behind. The sailing is hardly realistic as my ship went from 0 to 20 knots in about 2 seconds. No tutorials or help whatsoever. If you take a mission and forget where to go, you're screwed. Refunded in minutes.Hopefully this game will get better in the future but for right now, definite no go."
,Not Recommended,311310,27588189,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dead meme,Literally the worst $40 I've ever spent. This game at best is worth $20. I wouldnt recommend this game to anyone. Spend your $40 on literally anything else. It could buy you like 5 other games of infinitely better quality.
76561198075516168,Not Recommended,311310,29117969,Posted: 8 January,all,yuri.re,Not open world. Sailing and fighting are two different games which lunch separately. Not worth it.
,Not Recommended,311310,31934393,Posted: 24 May,all,JeemFeezy,More like Anal Action. OHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198079586272,Recommended,311310,30785535,Posted: 27 March,all,[Pvt] T.Fairman [PTF],"This game has lots of potential just only and if you can improve the graphics even more, this game would look even better than beautiful!"
76561198006616623,Not Recommended,311310,20719931,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,$$$ EVERYDAY IM HUSTLIN $$$,OK this game has potential but at the moment it is a disgrace.So you want to go on the high seas and participate in large battles? Well first you have to lvl up your commander!now when levelelling up your commander you have 1 choice. Run mission which are all EXACTLY THE SAME. Now after 13 hours of running mission you would think you can reach a level that is able to sail different ships. WRONG!After 13 hours your still level 1 running the same mission over and over and over and over and over. ITS ONE OF THE WORST GAME DESIGNS I HAVE EVER SEEN.not only am i 13 hours in still lvl 1 in a starter ship like everyone else you cant get into a bigger ship until level 3!!!!!!!!!So thats over 30 hours of the same mission time after time.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. (unless you enjoy watching grass grow)this wil be the first game i have ever requested a refund for and i've bought some bad games.TO THE DEVS. What the hell are you thinking with this rediculas grind. please for the love of god increase XP gain or add a new mission or get rid of levels all together YOU DONT NEED THEM. May god have mercy on your souls you sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
76561198176283623,Recommended,311310,28985213,Posted: 3 January,all,washy577,after weeks and weeks of building up carfting levels and my captains level and the game is well looks magic and the shipmodels are well true out of this world .pvp is well very good as a hole and the pve missions are now just as goods with the a.i out thinks you so you have towork hard inb getting your ship into the right place at the right time .the carfting is now well good on the hole you have to moveyour stuff around the world map to find the right type of ship builds which this is the down side and in my view is the only down side to a dam good game is the time takein to do any thing .but with a game this plays well and a game were the changes in weather look so real i do think any one cares about the time takein to move a round a  very changing seaseach day time trun last 20 mins in open world and the new port battles well i can say ive not been in one since the changes but the old port battles were goodso if you like a wargame which is better then the age of sail and were you can build a good ship of the line and fright in itwhat are you guys waiting for i SAY GET INTO GAME  you will reget itthe down side is that it will take time to go around the mapsome of the carfting has been takin out of game but may come back in timenew pve missions the a.i as been up dated and they still gun you in♥♥♥♥♥at any point of sailwhich is funly when your side by side
,Recommended,311310,20665017,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,LordZarmack,"great potential great game,    but just takes  too mutch time,*bland user interface,  ""nothing to look at jsut numbers and text when in dock, nothing interesting to do/ see/ anything* battles  take 2  houres.   max.     who the ♥♥♥♥ has  time for that?     sure if  your ona   small map, but the smallest map is massive, and it means people sit at the edges and camp the time out.* graphics ar e good ingame battles,  crappy outside.   reminds me of star trek online style.    bland  campyne map movements and boring visuals. from 1996* yes its  alpha, and this game will be blody good in time, but right now, i see verry little improvement on the ""feel""  of it.     its  basicly eve, without the learning curve. without the badassness.  and without the real overlal quality of gameplay.sure eves boring solo.   but this solo... watching a racoon is more fun.  infact. watching a  fly get eaten by a  spider is more fun.  when not in a  battle.* its a  real shame, but  my advice is simple.    WAIT.   eventualy this game will sort it's self out.   and then itl be worth buying.* DO NOT BUY IF YOU DONT HAVE TIME FOR EVE.* DO NOT BUY IF YOU LIKE IN- OUT FPS/BATTLEFRONT.* THIS IS NOTHING LIKE EMPIRE TOTAL WAR GRAPHICS.  NOR QUALITY.* GOOD SOLID CONTROLLS. AND REALISUM. ""ISH""* COMMUNITY IS ALRIGHT.  ABIT ANAL. INSTANT TROLL CHANT FOR TALKING ABOUT THE GAME NEGITIVLY.* BASICLY A NAVAL SHIP BATTLE/ SPEEDING AROUND ON CRACK , TIME WAISTING/ SPENDING GAME.IN TIME. BUY IT.  FOR NOW DONT."
76561197983249389,Recommended,311310,25395464,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,HoopDreams,"Insanely fun with a lot of different types of game play you can do on this massive map.  I wish it was a little cheaper to maybe help get a bigger population, but even on slow days/hours fun is still able to be had."
76561198027418211,Not Recommended,311310,31519966,Posted: 3 May,all,Linesy12,Boring.com
76561197993763930,Recommended,311310,32439442,Posted: 15 June,all,Arsilon,"Fairly comprehensive PVP oriented game that will test you and your friends' abilities in strategic thinking, logistics and planning, diplomacy and cooperation.  Put this on top of one of the best ship combat engines I've seen to date and you have the basis for some serious PVP play (over 2,000 hrs played to date).Note, this is in Early Access and all warnings that go with that apply here.   Changes will be made, some you will like, some you won't (note the flurry of recent 'negative reviews' coming out of the most recent patch) but overall its a solid game that has a promising future while still being more than playable even in its current form;  the depth of what is there already in the combat engine, economy, crafting, etc.  far surpasses many general relase games (there is still quite a bit to do to tweak, tune and improve but the basics are there for sure).Will this game hand anything to you without concerted effort?  Nope.  Is it EZ-Mode?  Definately not.  Is a very fun and comprehensive game experience there if you can figure out how to work together with the rest of your chosen nation/clanmates?  Yup."
,Recommended,311310,30430003,Posted: 10 March,all,Surtur,"Hi there folks,I have put a few hours into this game now and I really enjoy playing it, however due to recent negative review I have decided to put some things straight;My time in naval action has been turbulent, it is probably the only way to describe it.First off, I started the game and asked myself ""What did I get myself into?"". I was a long way off from understanding the game and it's mechanics but enjoyed sailing my little cutter for about 20 hours, in which I did little more than sailing from port to port and get 1 or 2 missions done per hour.After playing the game for about 50 hours total I had stumbled across a clan, they took me in and provided me with a couple of ships, which I sailed into PVP and PVE alike. The thing that most people try to justify here in their negative reviews is that they hate the fact that there is ""FORCED"" PVP, which is definitely not the case. As such you are presented with the choice of playing on PVP 1 EU, PVP 2 US or PVE 1. So they try to justify the fact that they get ganked lost their ship and what not...My answer to those people is; Stop crying, grow a pair and hit them back twice or thrice as hard. This game is about Naval Warfare (Action) during the Age of Sail, of course people will sink you and gank you and shoot the hell out of you. But hey, welcome to Naval Action.Then onto the next important point that people were trying to justify the long sailing times;Why on earth would you complain about this, this is what makes the game so unique, it requires you to put in some time and effort to build a ship of your own. Or to trade and make a lot of money by doing so.Overall, I would say that yes the game needs some improving of course (No one is perfect). But the majority of the game is there, I would say with a bit of polishing on the UI it could even be released however, as they have stated they still want to add more ships and finalise the conquest features before they even think of releasing the game.I would definitely recommend this game."
76561198010265854,Recommended,311310,29784296,Posted: 8 February,all,Thygod,Well I hear alot of people complaining about it been boring or been a greifing magnet but to be honest while im playing the game I find it fun the grafiks are great and the sounds of the cannons are super awsome you see flashes then smoke then you hear the booming from the cannon fire exactly as youd expect. It is slow but for me that is good you want it to be as real as you can and battles wouldnt of been won in seconds. As for greifing im playing on a pvp server been playing for a few days now and I have yet to get attacked by another player even when there is over 500 people online. This is a alpha game and yes you can see it needs more stuff adding but the core is here and if they keep going as they are this will be the best naval game to date :)
,Recommended,311310,31964584,Posted: 25 May,all,Werwolf,"I LOVE THIS GAME..So many people diss the game and give it bad reviews, because they didn't know what buying into early access means. The patch released the other day brought a tremendous amount of content and changes. Unless you are stupid, BUY THIS GAME."
76561198067498739,Recommended,311310,32522891,Posted: 17 June,all,Ç | Cole,"Been playing since the original steam release. This game is time consuming, nerve wracking, thrill packed, and has PLENTY of things to keep you learning something at every step. This is the best age of sail game i have EVER put time in to.So. Pro's and Con's.Pro's:Active Development staffCheaters are punished quicklyPolitics are completely player run.Every PVP encounter is exhilerating.The graphics, ship models, and attention to detail are astoundingCon's:Currently not ""noob friendly"" so expect a hard time starting.Nations are extremely unbalanced, but still fun to play."
,Recommended,311310,31289528,Posted: 21 April,all,dubnub,UI needs improvement statAlso where is my frigate?
76561198118726993,Recommended,311310,31586110,Posted: 6 May,all,SgtGrimjaw,"this game is awesome , amazing graphics     for a alpha game its way more ahead then any other alpha game out there with the wipe coming soon it will be  super active again   because everyone will start fresh    with their xp intact offcourseits gonna be awesome to see everyone work their way back to their big ships  and   mass pvp fights on the seasas a pirate i say yarrr matey lets get to fightin"
76561198054106743,Recommended,311310,32073558,Posted: 30 May,all,Lecner,"Great game, lots of fun. Must play with friends!"
76561198042165787,Recommended,311310,25823069,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,MrTigg,"Yep, deff. a better pirate game that Ive been looking for every since my FIRST pirate game on my old Commadore 64 computer!!!With running your ship the way you want, trading, goin to war, crafting, ect., this game is what I consider the pirate game I've been looking for!!Its in Beta now, and still has some bugs, but it is worth the money to buy it now!!  It is alittle tougher then most games to understand, there is no tutorial at this time, but find yourself a clan to join, and the peeps who know this game now, will teach you everything!"
,Recommended,311310,28776630,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[TIS]CloudixX,"I don't know what i'm doing, but i traveled some seas."
76561198329539761,Recommended,311310,26038565,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ItzVolton,"I LOVE the game in the YouTube videos. I downloaded it, but my computer is so trash that I can not play! I think I will need to buy a new computer! Can't wait to play! :)"
76561197973475045,Recommended,311310,32430261,Posted: 15 June,all,Shade,"Great game, can spend hours just looking at the ships. A fun grind and a lot of fun with others!"
,Recommended,311310,24643247,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Soggy Peach,Just yes!
,Recommended,311310,33482213,Posted: 12 July,all,Babbi,"I believ this game has its flaws. I saw many of the bad reviews for the game and was scared of buying it. However when it went on sale i bought it.I have almost earned a million in just 2-3 weeks and have the money to produce line ships (1st rates)You can fight or trade. Many options to enjoyu the game.Buy the game at a discount or if you're feeling especially rich today then buy it now :DI would however suggest to join a clan, It helps alot when you either lose a ship or maybe need som extra crafting help.Join Denmark - Norway on EU servers. (shameless plug) :D"
,Not Recommended,311310,20783584,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,using maccas wifi,"DO NOT BUY IF YOU LIVE IN OCEANIA, THERE'S ONLY US AND EU SERVERS!!!!!!!!!!requesting refund now ;)"
76561197991500445,Not Recommended,311310,31378731,Posted: 26 April,all,kerasht,"This game really need to be worked on by its devellopers, for now it's more of a scam than an actual game..."
76561197999810315,Recommended,311310,25871904,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,m0nK-aw-,Great game!  Has some some bugs to work out but it seems like the devs are really working hard to make a good product.
,Recommended,311310,25781344,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Joel | csoffer.me,We need more people 2 play dutch because we only have 4 more Ilands or reset all the ports but awsome game
,Recommended,311310,23794718,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Heisenburro,"Hmmm not really to sure if this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥Game? Heven't played it in a while, the last time I played this game it was a♥♥♥♥♥♥Game.Ship Game is kind of fun but it's kind of broke. I found my self often remarking ""why is it such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game?"".Ship Game is good with friends because your friend can run into other players to capsize their ship and this is very fun to watch.There are better Trade Game's but there aren't many good Ship Game's so if you enjoy sailing then it is a good purchase but not for £29.99.Very small content at the moment."
76561197961712556,Recommended,311310,26676132,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Groove,I like it. It's still early access and has a little bit of an unpolished UI and little to no tutorials but a friendly and helpful community.In short: it reminds me of Freelancer - the 3rd dimension + crafting
76561198239474740,Recommended,311310,31916968,Posted: 23 May,all,GeorgeEvans,I wish there was more to do in the sense of a third person walk-about. It'd be so cool if we could actually walk about the ship in free roam and take cutters to the mainland from our Frigates. This game needs improvement but overall it's a good game.
76561198018406604,Recommended,311310,29366070,Posted: 19 January,all,wareagle0823,"I swear, if yall reset this ♥♥♥♥ing game...."
76561198339999303,Recommended,311310,32705124,Posted: 23 June,all,Snowreap2,"This is an excellent PvP and RvR sailing game, more simulation-style rather than arcade-style.  This isn't a fast game, expect to play for at least an hour or two per session.  Sailing speeds in the open world are accelerated, but it still takes a couple of real-life hours to sail all the way across the map.  This also isn't a game for the risk-averse: if your ship gets sunk you lose it permanently along with all its cargo (but starter ships can be obtained in any port for free so you will never be stranded without any ship at all).  For those willing to take risks, there is plenty of reward!There are a number of bad reviews from players who are mad because they got banned; take these with a large grain of salt.  This is a game about sailing ship combat, not a meta-game about bending the rules to maximize personal gain for minimum risk.  If somebody played for 300+ hours and left a bad review, keep in mind that they enjoyed the game enough to play for 300+ hours."
76561198036642536,Recommended,311310,25955871,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dark Ritual,"Naval Action has a solid base with great potential. Realistic(ish) sailing of sail-age warships with many different ships to choose from makes combat fun and exciting. The customization of ships through the use of permanent and interchangeable modules, different cannon types and sizes, and even the type of materials used to build the ships makes each ship just a little bit different. The officer perks add even more diversity to the game. Trade and crafting can be used to make some coin without huge time commitments and to create your own high-end ships and modules that are not readily available in the port markets.Personal overall opinion of Naval Action: a great mmo considering it's still in developement. It has fantastic potential and having played for over 100 hours I feel I have already received my money's worth. Looking forward to the changes to come."
76561198332733072,Recommended,311310,32722189,Posted: 24 June,all,steffen.klein,"Im playing this game since some time and I want to recommend it for determined players. Not all developments and changes implemented by the Devs during alpha stage are lovable, but still the game offers a unique experience of sail-age combat and life. For me NA is not directly comparable to other games, so if you are just looking for a standard time killer, there may be better chances. If you are interested in the topic, and if you have fun observing beautiful carribean sunsets or quiet palm beaches while sailing along, the this is your world. I sincerely hope the future development will bring out the full potential of this simulation."
,Recommended,311310,26141334,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Fawn*UK,"I am a former long time EVE online player, and this is hopefully here to fill that void, so far its achieving some of that, i really hope it grows like eve did, its already got the trade and craft mechanics in place.I quite like it, i bought this after reading a popular review that seems bent on provoking the developers, while i almost didnt buy the game because of this.I have since come to the realisation that the develepers are heading in the right direction with this title and after playing it i think it has masses of potential, if the devs goal is equal to what i want then i wont let a single review sway me.The world is huge, with plenty to explore, although most of the towns etc are the same to look at, but as its a warfare game this is no big issueThere is no tutorial, the game is fairly self explanitary and theres plenty of youtube videos to help.If trading and smuggling is your bag then you could make your profits from that, or you could take your hand to building ships and goods for profit.This game has huge potential, its like a 18th century EVE online, but with instanced battles.after 74 hours there still plenty i have not done, im just starting with the crafting system wich seems pretty simple, although theres not much explanation about buildings and how many you can have, could do with some tooltips.okay, you may think after 74 hours of gameplay parting with £30 of your hard earned cash must be worth it, well you would be wrong, in part at least, most of that time is spent sailing from objective to objective and port to port, and crafting is going to see much of your time at sea moving stuff from port to free ports.however naval battles in this game can be long and drawn out, and very hard but fun, i think for now a £15 to £20 price would bring in many more people and make this game truly awesome, at the moment there are 550 to 1000 people on line at anyone time, this number would be much bigger if they werent asking so much for an unfinished game, star citizen can be played for as little as £15, even now"
76561198034938142,Recommended,311310,31932161,Posted: 24 May,all,TukternKnut,"I am very pleased about this game. It is very realistic and historically correct. It takes time, but it is very chill to play. just set the course and do somthing else in the meantime."
76561198075844548,Recommended,311310,30619269,Posted: 19 March,all,CDRommel,"Watch out for people review brigading the game because it isn't going in a direction that they want it to go. Recently it has been nearly all of the negative reviews, some of it stems from a population issue that exacerbated the need for separate time zones for the servers (RvR gameplay is nearly 24/7 right now even if you choose the ""EU"" server).The game is taking some good steps in the right direction if you ask me, with a lot more focus on the player experience than the typical never happy RvR elitist core. In the end, even if some of those people are lost it isn't a big deal and could actually be helping the game further.As for the RvR being 24/7: This has been a broken mechanic in the game since day one, but a very vocal minority on the forum took it upon themselves to berate anyone mentioning it. If you think the moderators on the website are bad you should see the angry vitriol being spewed from some of these players."
76561197976111645,Recommended,311310,25415393,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dr Zeo,"This is an awesome game! As a landlubber who grew up 2,000 miles from the closest ocean but loved reading Moby♥♥♥♥♥♥ the Patrick O'Brian novels, and other books about the age of sailing ships, I have longed to go to sea on such a majestic vessel.  Now Naval Action gives me the chance.  The various ships are meticulously rendered, the ocean views at various times of day spectacular, the challenges of managing sails to get the most out of the wind, gunnery choices, and a vast, vast world to explore---they are all here.  The learning curve is steep.  It is difficult to find answers to questions in one source--but for the most part other players are quick to answer Help questions and give advice.  As always, there are things that I wish could be better---though weather sometimes changes, there are no foggy days; wind direction changes but wind speed never does; graphics for boarding and melee is lacking (you make choices on a menu screen and watch changing numbers with a background of an empty deck)--but these are minor quibbles, and some of this may yet still be in the works as this is stil in play test.  But even as is, it is a great adventure!"
76561197970958831,Recommended,311310,32058285,Posted: 30 May,all,Pevs86,"Recent patch has added a lot to the game, it's polishing up nicely but it is still an ALPHA and Early Access.  One thing I massively respect is that the Developers will kill an idea they've implemented if it doesn't work, and are happy to change direction based on player feedback, good for them."
76561198217227529,Recommended,311310,32270232,Posted: 8 June,all,lewis.cobbold,great fun but very long winded
76561198286822771,Recommended,311310,33605191,Posted: 17 July,all,Ernst Einauge,"Game ist getting better and better.If you like slow paced naval warfare ""a la Hornblower"" and the likes this game is for you.This is NOT an arcade game for 10 year olds. IMHO to have fun in this game, you need to team up and use teamspeak.You will find lots of mature players in every nation with a friendly and helpful attitude.Once you have experienced the adrenalin of an intense 1+ hour battle you will love this game."
76561197962206243,Recommended,311310,32400123,Posted: 13 June,all,ZGhostZ,"Awsome Game!Not sure what its like for the old player base (see the negative comments) and i can understand some of thier frustrations. But me, being a new player to this game, i just love it and it cannot be that bad as some of the reviews suggest specially if you look at the hours some people have already spend in this game. Although the game is pretty punishing to new players specially because there are no manuals ingame or explanations. UI is also .... let just call it a work in progress. Once your at sea, the UI problems are gone and its spot on for me. Also dont expect to go straight to a 1st rate ship, you begin at the bottem and have to work your way up.But the player base that is playing is really helpfull and though me the basics in the in a couple of day 's. Found a nice clan ingame B4NL that plays the dutch nation on the PVE server, that works well together aswell. We help eachother with everything in the game. If you play it allone the game if fun, but join a clan and it become 's awsome! One thing though there is no way to see what clan 's are arround, but talk to people you 'll get in invite fast."
,Recommended,311310,28173762,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Colin,wheres the gas pedal in my boat????
76561197981314154,Recommended,311310,32041730,Posted: 29 May,all,PUP|Klöteltrötel,"Seeing the recent negative reviews I just have to add a positive one. Even if the vast majority of negative reviews has hundreds or even thousands hours of gameplay - the negativity remains, and reflects badly on a good game (Honestly, the hours played alone of the reviewers is a ""must buy""-sign for everyone interested in the genre).The devs get critized, which I can't nullify completly even after being absent for a year. They seem unexperienced and salty sometimes - but they have the guts to go back on major features if they don't play out well, which outweighs that by far. The grind gets critized a lot as well. It is there, no question. But it forces you to spend a good time on every ship rate. And in contrary to a year before there is no reason at all to push to the highest ranks in a hurry. Plenty of things with nation wide impact to do for everyone. The XP requirements have also been lowered some time ago, got promoted a rank up because of that. Which felt deeply unsatisfactory - that much from my side in regard to the supposedly tiring grind.It's just a beautiful Sim and if you are in for it you can go over the top ""Eve-Style"" and live the RvR part of the game to the fullest. Enjoy!tl;dr: Yes, it is worth the money. Just look at the hours of the reviewers and the obvious ridiculous saltiness in some of reviews..."
76561198289030419,Recommended,311310,33505983,Posted: 13 July,all,Dibbler,Great game!Watching grown men rage over a lost ship has been priceless :D.
76561198051044675,Not Recommended,311310,20691436,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Koraks,I move the red line on target ship...  then!...  (i see olso my cunnoners on my ship :P)  but they are not realy aim on target ship... the aim is random and crap.... on this moment  i am not recommend the game.
76561198126503454,Recommended,311310,25829728,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Werewolf,"An awsome naval game full of details and always something to do. I recommand this to any naval history enthusiast.oh and i do recommand getting into a clan so you have support in case you get into a bad situation, and it opens more up for you to do."
76561198147069209,Recommended,311310,26494207,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,A.M.X,"Great game, the ships are epic along with the smaller detail, but the game is a bit trickiy when it comes to diiferent pcs xD."
76561198076568691,Recommended,311310,32436170,Posted: 15 June,all,Wart,"I have over 1,000 hours in this game. Excellent!"
,Recommended,311310,30446432,Posted: 11 March,all,Burst Fire,"I'm Actually liking this game alot it has a very good Sea Graphics and Sounds that complements a very good ship to ship combat the trading seems to be like elite Dangerous where you just transport♥♥♥♥♥♥from A to point B people say the game is grindy, but all this kind of games are and since all I'm doing is killing other ships I guess I can deal with it just finePros-Combat-Graphics-Sound-gameplayCons-Horrible UI-When you dock at ports you are greeted by a horrible blue screen which breaks inmersion-The Navigation I understand is one of these ""hardcore"" games, but at the very least the Town Names should not block the coordinates on the map and the Swords that mark missions could use a color change because they are sometimes hard to spot-Lack of Tutorial or any kind of explanationI'm personally enjoying this game for what it is and this game has a great foundation and I don't understand why the developers have failed so hard in building upon it"
,Recommended,311310,31413872,Posted: 28 April,all,8th | Mathias,"Great game, had a lot of fun in it so far. Graphically it looks amazing when in battles, and offers alot of difference ways to play. You want to be a pirate? you be a pirate... Merchant? No problem! Want to fight for the crown of England, YOU DO THAT! :)"
,Recommended,311310,33575082,Posted: 15 July,all,NamTex,"I use the smallest, ♥♥♥♥♥iest ship I have then went to a crowded port to start battles with the AI, meaning everyone either has to fight the ♥♥♥♥ing huge ship with their scooners or uninstall the game."
76561198023326445,Recommended,311310,25720949,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,MadokPryde,"no beginers guide, so the start off is rough.just the way your mother likes it."
76561198126995463,Recommended,311310,25724993,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,77y_Consc_Ethanmac15,Its a really good game I would recommand it.
,Recommended,311310,23913111,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Japanio624,I have a GTX 750 graphics card and I thought this game would be able to run pretty well. It doesn't I would love to play this game but I don't have a system to support it.
76561198180359182,Recommended,311310,25484882,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SinisterSteve,Great game glad i bought it can't wait to see what the devs are going to do with it in the future
76561198025586293,Recommended,311310,23479395,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,nad007007,I love this game. Great sailing engine and graphics.
,Recommended,311310,32683310,Posted: 23 June,all,(broph13),things went a bit haywire after the post wipe patch here but the game is now slowly starting to come back up to where it was.To new players there is a high learning curve starting off. your best bet would be to join the PVE world and join a clan to get familliar with the game. once done that try and explore the PVP world :)
76561198285173467,Not Recommended,311310,22702697,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,EnduroRider,"Overall:* 0/10* No tutorial* No real Dev Support* Promises a lot. Ends up being a disappointment..Pros:* NONECons:* NO TUTORIAL... No manual to read.. Nothing.. You have to figure out the entire game.. And there are so many details..* Way too complex to learn without tutorial.. Games are supposed to give me a fun time.. Not a chain of continuous ""wtf is this? How?"" moments..* NO REAL OPEN WORLD.. Devs of this game need to Google the term ""open world"" and read the description:""Open world is a term for video games where a player can move freely through a virtual world and is given considerable FREEDOM in regards to HOW or WHEN to approach objectives, as opposed to other computer games that have a more linear structure to its gameplay""Being able sail from one place to another and ONLY sail and not be able to do anything else is NOT ""open world"".. Its a WASTE of time.. You cant even fire your ship's cannons while sailing.. You have to enter ""battle mode"" with another ship..* Not user friendly controls.. Needs gettin used to.* Extremely time consuming.. With no rewards for this aspect..Conclusion:WASTE OF MONEY... A potentialy great and much needed idea; wasted and destroyed.. If you deliver nothing as a result/product, what you have produced or what your intentions were through the way means NOTHING..Given a second chance; I wouldnt even buy it for 1$.. USELESS.."
76561198135810461,Recommended,311310,33368835,Posted: 8 July,all,Eliman8,"im glad i didnt listen to all the negative reviews, its alpha so sure its got its bugs, but i still like it alot and the battles are awesome, i know i havent played much yet but even so the community has been very good and helpful, ive progressed quiet abit and made some decent income from trading to fund my pirate fleet haha, if you are in doubt go and check out some lets play vids on gameplay, dont take all the negative comments to seriously its still alpha and anything can change, there is just something so satisfying about pulling up next to an enemy ship both firing your cannons as they disappear into the smoke while you see cannon balls blow bits off your ship, or if you are lucky you can see them bounce off, then clearing the smoke and seeing that enemy ship full of holes, catch fire or sink, its great. Only issue i really have with this game at the moment is the servers must be on the other side of the planet as pings always around 300 but even still very smooth and playable, need an Aussie server or Asian pacific if the devs read this."
76561198285403576,Recommended,311310,32437773,Posted: 15 June,all,Lemortia,This is one of the best age of sail games ever made.
76561198149482630,Recommended,311310,29839112,Posted: 10 February,all,Woolooloo,"I love that the developers give out lots of gifts for continually supporting the game. The gameplay is very fun and constantly improving, there are tons of features from trading, crafting, PvP, and PvE. I can't wait for this game to come out and have better, more populated servers to play on."
76561197965028239,Not Recommended,311310,22701530,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mac68,"Played this, then got a refund after a few interactions with the so called community. This game is a blatant rip off of the old Pirates Of The Burning Sea. I mean totally blatant. A game that was ruined by Russian hackers, cheats, griefers and exploiters. And here we have it's twin, being developed by a Russian team and already being ruined by Russian players and the dev's bias towards them. The devs dont tolerate any criticism of the game, or any criticism of the players exploiting it or abusing others, if they are Russian players that is. Don't touch this with a very long barge pole. Yes the game is gorgeous, and probably the best of the the very few age of sail games out there, but it is doomed to die a death just like POTBS did."
76561198007857328,Recommended,311310,32449399,Posted: 15 June,all,Dharus,"The game is one of the best Age of Sail wargames out there.  If you are a fan of mostly historically correct, realistic gameplay, and open world wargaming then this game delivers hours of entertainment.  It is not a fast pasted game until you get into the smoke of battles and then it isn't a click fest or twichy.   You've got to think ahead.  No magic gimmics.  It has a beautiful open world graphics just make sure your monitor is clean so you can see sails on the horizon.The open world, sandbox aspect is nice and it allows players freedom to do what they want within reason.  Soloers shouldn't expect to sail SOLs for example.  However, even smaller ships have a place and can be fun to place even at max rank.  Unfortunately, being that its an alpha game and sandbox, some players think its okay to break things and when the active developers correct the problem they complain loudly.  This whiny attitude unfortunately has entered Steam reviews."
76561197970498548,Recommended,311310,32462594,Posted: 15 June,all,Jonny|Kronik 👊,1164 hours!!! Dont know what else to say! Best ship game yet! Keep the development going guys!!
,Recommended,311310,26220238,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Capt. Orion,"Such a disappointment :( My computer doesn't run the game flawless, the game also requires a lot of time just to learn the basics (and I don't have much time due much study). I would give this game love and time another time, when I have a better PC and more time to spend.Otherwise I love this game!"
,Recommended,311310,29049318,Posted: 5 January,all,OldDirtyCracker,"""I want action, is what I need""- Old Dirty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198061661875,Recommended,311310,32073724,Posted: 30 May,all,Rob,great game that is suffering from low population....great game though
76561198165269950,Recommended,311310,29517603,Posted: 27 January,all,Aaron,"I find Naval Action a really good game get updated every day you can choose between PvP or PVE  battles are awesome there's fishing, missions and alot to do and there is always people to help you out really good game so get it today"
76561198006791480,Recommended,311310,33447114,Posted: 10 July,all,Emperor Cornelius James Valor,"One of the greater Naval games I've seen in like FOREVER!Great efforts, and the realistic way the game is. Just makes it totally epic!Great work to the guys and girls that make this game possible.A great game to play and it gets a huge trumbs up from me."
,Recommended,311310,25385095,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ub3r_L337,Worth a buy.The game does seem to have high requirments as it max's out my GTX 1080 constantly at 100% while other games barely seem to use it. It is alpha so i assume its not optimized but its a great game.
,Not Recommended,311310,22638791,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Nglycerin,Just plain out not fun at all. So boring that I only played 26 minutes and just quit.
76561197977738010,Recommended,311310,32356698,Posted: 11 June,all,SavageWhiteDude,"Most of the negative reviews seem to be players frustrated with the reset and recent changes.  I like a lot of the changes to be honest.  Requiring PVP marks for ships of the line?  No problem with that, there should be something to prevent the game from eventually turning into everyone sailing around with giant ships of war.The biggest issue right now is player numbers.  This game NEEDS more players and unfortunately all the negative reviews are going to kill that effort.  There is still plenty to do on your own but without other players the grind is real.  Don't get me wrong, there are still plenty of big port battles to take part in and plenty of players to join up with for some missions/convoy raiding but to truly hit the big battles you really need an entire evening to dedicated to it to organize.There really isn't a decent other game like it out there.  Actual combat itself is a blast.  A very healthy mix between playability and arcade. You don't need to be a sailing expert but you will need to learn the basics to play the wind.  Crew control is pretty basic but involved enough to incorporate another level of strategy.The only real negatives are 1) Player numbers and 2) To really get involved it takes a while.  Not a game you can just jump right into a fight unless you're just looking to do some PVE missions.I highly recommend checking it out but the recent loss of numbers does have me concerned."
76561198041529902,Not Recommended,311310,20795801,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,KrojinKin,"I'm wondering if the 700+ People who reviewed this game had their heads in their♥♥♥♥♥This game is downright disgusting, hell the graphics they state that are beautiful arnt even comparable to the games already out. Uncharted waters is far more beautiful than this unsightly piece of garbage.I requested a refund, I hope this helps you not buy it in the first place."
,Not Recommended,311310,20714706,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,MrKalleck,this is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i payed 40$ for this game and it doesnt even start without it ♥♥♥♥ing crashing
,Not Recommended,311310,20692067,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Fuzzy,Meh.Could be better.A LOT better..#Blackwake#SeaOfThieves
76561198000600325,Not Recommended,311310,23215081,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,jinx,"Yeah yeah, I never got out of the the first menu and never went to sea because, well, because the game menu is S H I T. It does not explain anything, it does not show where to click and what is important or what to do.Got no refund because I didn't know that I can get refunds from steam.If you aren't the hardcore naval dude playing naval multiplayer matches in Napoleon TW, be aware of that S H I T game or get a REFUND as fast as possible!"
76561198008336515,Not Recommended,311310,21016121,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,sgoerin,"Basically.. sucks no controls that make sense; can't fire; doesn't plot position on map; basically nothing here. I know its pre release, but I paid $40 for something that doesn't seem to be working in any way."
,Recommended,311310,25668400,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,waznewz,"This game have MANY issues, gameplay and otherwise i dont like.- Servers are shut down every day at 09:00am my time, for 'Maintenance', anywhere from 30 min to 2 hours+- Information from devs, on major gamechanges, and/or updates, are limited at best.- Rumors of future changes, and future account wipes are many.- You can file Bug rapports, but never get any reply, or confirmation that it is taken care of.- New players get no tutorial, no information.- Developers rely on current players being live support/tutorials in the in-game chat.- Game has 2 ways to play. PvP - where everyone attacks everyone, and PvE - where nothing attacks you. Yet Devs clearly favours PvP, and lets PvE more or less rund it self.- Any and all patch notes, are posted to steam, hours after they are implemented.- Lots of small annoying bugs.- And around 34652389746 other things not listed here.Despite all this, i played some 1300 hours, this makes no sense, you might think. And looking at my list above, i kinda agree, BUT...- The game looks great.- Boarding defenceless traders? yes please..- Trade runs.- Clans, and doing fleet missions. Just you, and a few of your clan members against a fleet of evil pirates.- The first time, you fire a full broadside of a Santi, that hits juuust right.- And so much more.In short, i love this game, i know its has issues, but i still love it.97/100(Review is based on 99,9% PvE playing)"
76561198013714501,Recommended,311310,30517817,Posted: 14 March,all,bolchevikduck,"Very good game, superb gameplay.Not perfect for a solo player. But once you get into a good clan! This thing is awsome.Incredible  and unique gameplay.Best naval game on the internet."
76561198208181696,Recommended,311310,32410039,Posted: 14 June,all,Rick,"By far the best sailing ship game on the market.  Does require lots of time and work to become good and have the ingame resources to play.  More of a game for hard core type players.  Casual gamers can do well but due to the amount of work needed to purchase next ships, it may not be for everyone."
76561198114696046,Recommended,311310,34329356,Posted: 18 August,all,Che Guevara,Admins are very helpful and nice to you.I love the sea battles.A real must buy
76561198011979096,Recommended,311310,33538948,Posted: 14 July,all,Flincher14,"This game is excellent. For a newbie its almost impossible to get into but when you do it will sweep you up with its awesome mechanics, great naval battles and mountains of content. If you are an Eve online player you will feel at home here, except Naval action's combat is actually fun while Eve's is so bland.Development is a little slow which is hurting the playerbase some."
76561198035606141,Recommended,311310,32660750,Posted: 22 June,all,MarcusSunTzu,Fantastic!!!
76561198308271269,Recommended,311310,32672184,Posted: 23 June,all,NineFingers,Great GameNice GraphicsCool peopleOpen World Sandbox
76561198034355239,Recommended,311310,32329433,Posted: 10 June,all,Cream Panzer,I only have 1 questionHave they changed their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI?
76561198140614051,Recommended,311310,32820294,Posted: 26 June,all,Ayebeam,Really beautiful game. I wish it had a more structured story line.
76561198163684593,Recommended,311310,32422223,Posted: 14 June,all,BDNinja11,"Very realistic and hisorically accurate, and still is fun overall."
,Recommended,311310,32331734,Posted: 10 June,all,Baggage_warrior,"I very very VERY heavily recommend this game. If there was a more accurate scoring system than a ""yes/no"" system, I'd give this game a solid 7/10.The reason why it's not higher is basically down to ""very early alpha problems""... Which is a weak excuse at best.I'm sure that the developers are hard at work fixing bugs, and optimising things... After the gameplay is totally fixed and is watertight.A lot of the other reviews of this game berrate it, saying that they've been banned by the developers for ""making suggestions"" and that the developers are useless.The truth is that if you call a developer a ""♥♥♥♥♥tain"" or other negative terms, you're likely going to get banned for being rude to the developers. And this game is in EARLY ALPHA, expect account resets, server issues (which I've encountered none so far), and other issues related to the game being unfinished.On the plus side, the community is SUPER friendly, the gameplay works well for the most part, and once you figure out how to play the game, you kind of get addicted to it.Yes there's no start menu, no tutorial, and the game does dump you in the middle of nowhere without telling you what to do or how to play the game. But as I said, very early in development, calm thy♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't expect a fully armed and functional game when it says EARLY ALPHA.Thank you for your time, and please consider buying this game, it's incredible, and has a huge amount of potential that you can add to by buying it :D"
76561198342374344,Recommended,311310,31979343,Posted: 26 May,all,doctorfox,2017-05-26-192620
76561198029797094,Not Recommended,311310,28122664,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Face Camper,http://i65.tinypic.com/160brpc.pngThis displays the abuse one can deal with from the community. Do not waste your money. You will be disappointed. As one with 150+ games 440+ DLCs  i've wrote exactly 3 reviews. 1 negative review. And that one negative is for this game. If you are critical of the game and voice your concerns prepare to deal with this. Note the comfort this person has talking to others as such on the forums.Notice the persons statement about the value of the game. Save your money.
76561198256387346,Recommended,311310,32305521,Posted: 9 June,all,CaptBW,"I have played for over 2000 hours. I enjoy the game overall, and plan to see it through completion. I'm not thrilled with some of the current changes, but I'm confident that the developers will tweak and adjust the mechanics to perfection. I love the graphics of the game, and the fighting mechanics are excellent. I absolutely hope that the ship knowledge grind will be adjusted to remove the stairstepped system, if that is done, I will update the review.That is my main gripe right now, but it is not game-breaking for me. The ships are great, the combat is great, trading functions, crafting is quite in depth.I really enjoy this age of sail combat game."
76561198035785380,Recommended,311310,29469307,Posted: 24 January,all,Hopachoe,Quality game with reliable development.
76561198033211595,Recommended,311310,32460495,Posted: 15 June,all,Redwall,"epic age of sail simulator with a huge map, best to sail with a clan and on the pvp server."
76561198401882239,Recommended,311310,34099412,Posted: 8 August,all,Londo,"Great game, developers get loads of flack about updates but they are mostly for the better, it is just the 10% that don't like them come on here to whine about it and downrate a decent game with loads of potential."
,Recommended,311310,32453279,Posted: 15 June,all,Gjtwiss,love the new content and grind is all new but once into the game its so easy to do stuff with even a small clan of friends. would definatly be posting about this again!!!
,Not Recommended,311310,24593634,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ShityRail,I know this is still in BETA but the time it takes for me to sail into another port is too long and to battle another player I was expected to wait another 10 mins. Things to improve on:-Newer servers (i.e Asian servers or Australian servers so I don't get 200+ ping)-A better toutorial- Improve waiting time-A full singleplayer mission-More countries should be added. Countries like Prussia should also be able to be played.Overall I would rate the game 6.5/10 since it is in BETA.I would consider getting this game again when it is fully done.
,Recommended,311310,32899633,Posted: 27 June,all,Rumpus Bingo,ok
76561198065494231,Recommended,311310,33532212,Posted: 14 July,all,Jaybles,Fantastic game. If you are on the fence about Naval Action I would recommend you try it out.
,Recommended,311310,32461396,Posted: 15 June,all,JBeiner,yes
76561198111871198,Recommended,311310,32401395,Posted: 13 June,all,bigdpalmer,I love this game been having fun playing. I have told a lot of frends about the game
76561198083063453,Recommended,311310,32106835,Posted: 1 June,all,Sonbe,it is a nice game but i dont want to sail wit the bigger ships becuse i dont want to losse them. but the game is nice
76561198090641875,Not Recommended,311310,25671892,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,BDian,bad game
76561198042150181,Recommended,311310,32451940,Posted: 15 June,all,Accelerator,Great game still being developed actively. If you are interested at all in a strategic naval warfare game then this game is sure to be a lot of fun for you.
,Recommended,311310,32392429,Posted: 13 June,all,Don PurPUr,"I loved this game right from the beginning, even after the patch.It takes a decent amout of practice to learn and sail victorious after a battle. Its not an arcade game where you join and have it all whithing a few weeks. It does take time going from port to port, but to me this adds to the feeling of sailing in a vast ocean. So if you plan to sail long distances, get yourself some netflix and chill. Don't forget to check often if somenoe if chasing you.If you preffer to be the lone wolf, play from time to time or play with 1 or 2 friends, you will not really have much of an option besides sailing in smaller ships, but they are exceptionally useful at riding enemy trade routes and capturing other players trading ships and cargo and attacking enemy shallow water ports.If you play in a larger group base, you will have access to the bigger ships of the line and epic port battles. They sail and turn slower than smaller ships, but the sheer blast of those cannons will get you to love them.Summarinzing:If you want to play alone and dont play often or won\t play for long hours, or expect an arcade game where you will get to the top in a few weeks, then this game is not for you.If you are ready to spend a few hours a day and play quiet often, then you will surely love this game."
76561198011705622,Recommended,311310,32342853,Posted: 11 June,all,Rit,It seems a lot of people are giving a thumbs down because of the wipe. I've enjoyed the game more since the wipe. Yes you start out in a basic cutter again and yes you will have to do missions or take on traders ships to get cannons for your free ships. But it's a wipe it's starting over you got to keep your levels just not assets. It's also harder to get the large ships now you have to work with a group and do the pvp and port battles. This is fine with me personally I also like that ships have 1 durability now. Also money isn't that hard to get by hitting traders if you want to buy cannons for your free ships. This freak out over a wipe is just crazy childish.
76561198006717521,Recommended,311310,30732752,Posted: 25 March,all,Tristan,"I have been playing this game since Jan of 2016. It has been a fun game to help develop  and it has been fun to see if grow.I do not like every change but I have enjoyed every hour of playing in it. This is by far the most beautiful naval game I have ever play. The ships look right, move right and the movement of the ocean feels like being on the open water.The Devs listen and are a good group of people. The game forums are full of healthy debate and feedback.This is an easy game to play, there is ship building, pirate hunting and big old port battles. There are good guys and villains, great clans and groups of friends that enjoy sailing or building ships as a group.I look forward to the coming changes and look forward to sail onward."
76561198026224140,Recommended,311310,32237190,Posted: 7 June,all,AlexStrife,"For everyone who likes ships. Regardless of price it is a unique MMO . Pve is still fine after update. Community is ready for help. Atmosphere is great / Also the game is hardcore however do not be scared ,it is hard in a good way. Developers what to make economy of this game supported by the players like in EVE online if someone came across this game but EVE is freaking hard/Regarding the grind for your fist ship - it will take you 1-2 hours max and then your income will rocket. After one day of play i can get on tier 5 and almost 4 if without equipment) date is 07/06/2017 and game in a very good state .Connection was perfect. Came across 1 bug but still the potential is very good"
,Recommended,311310,30505302,Posted: 14 March,all,SkyGT,GRE
,Recommended,311310,30577012,Posted: 17 March,all,Ash,This is the indepth version of SM Pirates we've all been waiting years for
76561198008170344,Recommended,311310,25658529,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,R6,Great mature game. Immense ocean : trading : war : adventure...One of those games where you may read book between sailing. If you like a sailing this game is definitely for you.
76561198027665489,Recommended,311310,29513893,Posted: 26 January,all,CoRlene,Fantastic game. Enough said.
76561198120880785,Recommended,311310,32392545,Posted: 13 June,all,Andrewx21,"Short and simple, i saw this game, waited because of negative reviews, said ""screw it"" and bought it. And overall, its fun after you learn how the game works. But there is no toturial, some mechanics  need..... ""improvements"" but other than that it is a solid game.I suggest if youre on the edge, wait untill full release to give it a go if youre not sure.If you really think you will like this game, and have liked other games in this open world/sailing genre then give it a try!(PS: a lot of negatives are players who have played longer and are upset with this change because it messes with how they play. Im new to this game, and most everything seems functional to me.)Edit - In addition, most people ive played with have been rather helpful in the game, if you ever find yourself stuck or unsure of what the do, ask the people in your nation most likley you can find some good answers from vetearn players.8/10 - still needs better UI ;p"
76561198256245332,Recommended,311310,30712306,Posted: 24 March,all,matasg31,I couldn`t experiance the game because my pc weren`t powerful enough so as soon as i get a better one i will change my review.
76561198056904230,Recommended,311310,30578556,Posted: 17 March,all,badgerdodd,"love it its a little desolate in places, but it just adds to the length of the game"
,Recommended,311310,29098850,Posted: 7 January,all,allahuaktrigg22,water.
,Not Recommended,311310,23775817,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,BOO,"its so ♥♥♥♥♥♥, actuallynothing like the screenshots"
76561198116665123,Recommended,311310,32149054,Posted: 3 June,all,Solomani,"Quite possibly the most realistic and visually compelling game during the Age of Sail.  There is no game like it within it's Genre. It's ship navigation/combat game mechanics are spot on.  It still needs work, the economy being the main issue now for me.  The most current update was related to the economy.It is a game that requires patience to play.  I repeat, this game requires patience to play.If your looking for a quick fix, own everything in a week, not willing to invest time into it.....then go play world of warships.If you have a problem travelling in a large open world ocean environment, combating wind and storms, to reach a point on the map that takes 30 minutes to get to....... go play world of warships.If you can't use a basic compass on a map to find what direction you need to go......... go play world of warships.and lastly, if your one of the whiny player base, that expects the ceo chair, when your $40 went towards just a seat to admission.......... go play world of warships.  Why??  We have plenty of these in the community already."
,Not Recommended,311310,23558618,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,DannyMJ,bad game.
76561198078922424,Recommended,311310,25601241,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Matt16601,This is a very interesting game. The mechanics are excellent and as real as possible.Thumbs up!
76561198143100988,Not Recommended,311310,24697829,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,PapaSmurf,"i cant believe i dropped 40 freaking dollars on a game that doesnt even have a 'getting started"" tutorial or manual....I WANT MY MONEY BACK"
,Not Recommended,311310,20672241,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Siidewinder,WAY too early in its stages to be released the way it is...even as early access.Lets call this Fetus Access
,Not Recommended,311310,20676207,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,BigRig,bad
76561198170159071,Not Recommended,311310,20671035,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MclarenP1xXx,Terrible game
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,311310,20664637,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Massiv Igel,">>>WAIT WAIT WAIT<<<until you buy .... wait for patches, content and stuff .... only buy if you rly are some hardcore naval simulation fan and have fun cruising around ;)Not good :(. You don t see where you are on the map. No tutorial, nothing to do ... rly this is not EA this is tech demo maybe alpha ....You have no idea what to do... or what would me a good thing to start...!!! So wait a few weeks and see if patches come out, more content and so on!!!!And for all those bashing me ... a decent sandbox game like Cities Skylines, X3 Terran Conflict and so on have at least some Tutorials ... and sure if you wanna have a boring simlation of life in those days go on play it ... sailing stupidly around doing nothing ... no content .... go ahead and pay the price....way to much for so few content in my opinion.So i requetsted refund and i m done with it .p.s. have a look at Squad, that is a EA game how it is supposed to be. Good simualtion, some hints ( i they have some rudimental explenations about the map what and how things work) how to play, decent updates every few weeks and so on ;)"
76561198067244657,Recommended,311310,30562228,Posted: 16 March,all,Badgerlaaad1,Changing this since my first review which was negative was about the pre wipe version of the game.  Post wipe things have changed and mostly for the better.  With the advent of a Global server with 24/7 play Non European players have a home.  It dosent matter if you are in North or South America or Oceania you will find people to play with. Population is smaller on Global but it is steady and slowly growing.  As usually game has outstanding graphics sailing mechanics are great.  Econ is a tad bit grindy but joining a clan in game will help over come that. What we need is more players we have this huge sand box world to play in just need bodies to help fill it.I would also like to give the Devs a hat tip since the wipe there has been much better communications and they have made an effort to address in game concerns rapidlySo if you are looking for a fun challenging sailing game Naval Action is it
76561198061610583,Recommended,311310,30549618,Posted: 16 March,all,Darayavahus,"Developers made a grate fighting, naval, sailing game... but they still need to tweak a lot of things."
76561197982121190,Not Recommended,311310,25869799,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,7thgalaxy,"I used to like this game.  When I began playing - a year ago nearly - it was exciting and fun - a rough diamond, I called it.Here's the thing.  The game changed.  The devs have moved the goalposts with a series of updates that have incresed the amount of unfun things to do - aimless sailing about, trading, making money by sinking AI ships - in order to do the fun things - shoot the heck out of big ships with your mates.We were fighting in 1st rates nearly every night - tension filled trafalgers; barked orders, mistakes, accidentally raking your allies in the haze of gunpowder smoke - precision sailing, less precise gunnery.  This part of the game I can love.To support this you used to be able to do a few bits of AI grinding, a bit of crafting here and there, a bit of trading - but now the grind has become ridiculous.I can barely muster the intent to play the game now; I've got my monies worth when it was fun.  Don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,311310,23209524,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Emberz,"-Edit-For die hard sailing ship fans. Trade, Hunt, Steal to your hearts content. But when they say ""hardcore"" they mean it. Naval Action is unforgiving, one mistake, its all over. One unlucky move, your finished. No safety nets, you loose your ship, its gone. And everything in it.PvE mode- Where little to no player with player or player against player is needed. This mode is more forgiving for new or more lax players. You can trade and attack Ais with no risk of attacks from other players, even from other nations. Not much of a goal on pve other than grind to that larger ship.PvP mode- This is where sh*t hits the fan. Everything goes. Ais rome here to and ripe for the taking, but other players can attack you, and vice versa. Port battles are a thing here too. where a nation attacks said port to take it for his or her nation. Usually with other players. trading is stil la thing here but best bring a friend or your own escorts. Prepare to loose your ship. No matter hoe high and mighty you proclaim yourself, A fleet of super small ships can destroy  your large frigate. The guy your attacking seems alone? things in your favor? guess again. Here comes his friends to end your easy victory.The way you get a larger ships is to either buy it, or craft it. But theres a catch. some ships require PVP marks. Which forces you to go attack and sink players. Best bring some friends. Other ships like most trade ships require the easier obtainied PVE marks, which are earned by attacking and sinking or capturing said AI ship. Conquest marks you get by particpating in Port Battles. And are required for some ships as well to craft. Not to mention you need large amounts of money to get a crafting shop going, both a shipyard, and a work shop. equaling close to half a mil in coins, plus the materials to craft it.The game is extremly grindy, especially with its latest mega patch. Before hand the game was great, things where easier, players had fun. Now the devs made it a much harder grind just to keep the players busy so they stay longer. At its current state, lone players are gonna have a very hard time playing, larger clans will have little to no issue, as most large clans already have the top of the line ships, where the smaller clans will suffer.In conclusion, I do not recomend this to any one, maybe later along the line. But at the moment, save your money for somthing complete, or get this when steam sales come out."
76561197981443937,Not Recommended,311310,21187935,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TheRegulator,Game is dead . . . Nerded to death. Grinded to death.  Waste of money.
,Recommended,311310,30547105,Posted: 16 March,all,☩Aventador☧,I feel like I can now recommend this game again. With this patch the devs seem to have listened to the playerbase. I would still ike to see some changes but as of right now +1
76561198066951355,Recommended,311310,25559941,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,maxstrike,"This is definitely the best graphic ship game of its kind (sandbox).  The battles on the sea take into account waves, angles, environment, physics, etc... Making the game mechanics true to life for ship control and cannon fire for the time period.Here are suggestions to enhance the success of this game:1) The Devs are doing it right, no matter what they do to neutral or free ports, they must keep the outpost, teleport and shipping system in place for this game to be playable.  The map is just to large otherwise.  Also, these features support the in game crafting and economy systems.2) The missions provided thus far are great.  Of course, adding mission variety would give options to reduce redundency and enhance overall interest.3) The Devs are doing it right, having up to 5 durability on lower level ships is good.  First rate and above should have 2 durability.  This makes the ships worth obtaining while still promoting crafting and the economy.4) For this game to achieve long term success PVP and PVE need to be combined into one sandbox.  Split the map so both play styles (PVP and PVE) can equally co-exist with a shared economy.  In other words, dedicated PVP area(s).+ Provide the best game mechanics (missions, npc/pvp battles, etc.) for map area's style ofplay PVP or PVE. One mechanic maybe good for PVP but bad for PVE.+ Keep durability at 4 to 5 for lower level ships and 2 for first rate and above.Benefits:+ Players have the option to choose one or both styles of game at any given time.+ PVP and PVE play both drive the economy and crafting.  PVP will definitely driveship building for PVE.+ More players in the sandbox usually equals more exciting game."
76561198096319359,Not Recommended,311310,24988398,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,FriedrichII,"It honestly frustrates me how much they screwed this game up-It takes hundreds of hours just to reach the top ships, and since I stopped playing they made it significantly harder still with updates like buying cannons per cannon rather than per level. They have, in my opinion, killed their own game."
76561198065823473,Not Recommended,311310,29500315,Posted: 26 January,all,NeeRo,"We have the best naval combat system right here, but are unable to get actual battles because it is buried so far beneath the surface.It feels like the developers got their priorities for this game completely wrong. They add more and more boring and monotone grind, RnG items which you need to be able to fight other players and hours of afk sailing through an empty world."
76561198021724855,Not Recommended,311310,21585370,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,TartanT,"This is a new reveiw, the game had so much potential. There was alot of Naval Action, nations battling it out for control of ports and resources but now the game has become stagnant due to changes.PROSExp based slot unlocksShip combat systemShip ModelsCONSEndless PvE grind fest (yes even forced into it on a PvP server)Risk to reward when you finally find some PvP actiion, worthless compoared to the grind festTo many nations in regard to server populationsCombat Mark system (ruined the RvR)Not new player friendly"
76561198035988660,Not Recommended,311310,32107636,Posted: 1 June,all,Trickster,"they've gone the realistic route which is good, although theirs sufficient ways to make money, so you lose your ship + Crew, you may as well create a new char (especially if you just started)apart from that as i said the pro is theyve gone to a specific realistic route (number of cannons, 1 dura ships) etcThey removed the ability of Capturing NPC ships in PvP server, economy has gone to hell, pointless in even boarding an npc.....It's now an endless grind"
76561197969543205,Not Recommended,311310,31028654,Posted: 8 April,all,Noruas,"gorgeous game. awesome sailing sim. excellent combat.   8/10 imo.needs a tutorial.the steep learning curve only applies to crafting really. the sailing is easy and enjoyable. controling the sails manually is not mandatory, but if u chose it's only a matter of pressing q & e and/or z & c. very simple but effective. i rarely use them. combat is freakin awesome and the physics it uses phenominal. also if u choose pirate u literally can be what u expect a pirate would be, in the game. ie.hunt other players (i see it happen all day long in chat, can do in group as well), hold ports hostage, take over ports for their resources to use in crafting, hunt treasure, snipe, mid-range, or tank. etc etc.all this being said, it's not worth 40 dollars. the dev's are riding a virtual merry go round and accomplishing nothing in my opinion."
76561198038936404,Recommended,311310,30099967,Posted: 22 February,all,Requiem,"Bought this last summer and played a little bit. At the time, the game was struggling, with server populations dropping. It felt very grindy and I posted a negative review.They recently did a server reset, and I decided to give this another go. They have split up the XP and crafting systems to encourage varied gameplay. There are PvE marks, PvP marks, and Conquest marks that are part of what you need to make different kinds of ships. There are also more kinds of missions, including solo matches against AI, fleet battles against AI, epic events, delivery, and war effort supplies. And that's just battle options: crafting and trading have depth to them now too. There's just more to do!I also switched from the PvE server to one of the small nations in PvPGlobal. We had a dutch raiding party show up and try going for a few of our traders near our capitol port. One of the traders got on Teamspeak and the clans mobilized. Next thing you know, the raiders became the chased as a fleet of Surprises and Trincomalees went after them. It was great fun! I worked with an allied pickle who happened to be in the area to take on another surprise in my first real PvP battle.The game, while still clearly in development, has improved since last year. I'd recommend it!"
76561198123562627,Not Recommended,311310,31275014,Posted: 21 April,all,Brian Jones,"Devs kill the game with every update, drastical changes to the game then suddenly they go back and so on.. Tired of relearning the game after each update they simply change what they want doing the opposite of what people in general wants and after that they do the exact opposite changing from black to white and viceversa.. If you have a lot of time a loooot of time and you love ships get it otherwise just wait to Naval Action: Legends there at least we will have battles because right now in NA you need at least 2 hours to find some pvp content..."
,Not Recommended,311310,24102275,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,zzwd,"I used to like this game, I though it was fun and new, but now it just pisses me off to play, its jus an endless grind for cash and to make any significant money is nearly impossible, not to mention losing 1 ship in combat sets you back ages. The cannons in the current economy are more expensive then the ships themselves. infact the only better thing is that the crew is cheaper. Overall the game sucks and really isn'tan enjoyable experience"
,Not Recommended,311310,29392861,Posted: 21 January,all,Judge Ross,"Great game, lacks a tutorial or an easy AI for beginners but there are lots of helpful and friendly players. If youre impatient, dont buy this game as it is. Super repetitive, as devs are adding more content. But a great looking game so far.So from January to July of 2017, the game hasn't changed at all in my eyes. The devs took out coordinates and replaced it with a really ridiculous protractor, which doesn't ruin the game but really sets the wrong tone as to where the devs are going from here... Like half a year in early access and the UI is still garbage..? There is no personality to the game or to your ships. You aren't connected to anything. ADD STUFF! HOW HARD IS IT TO LISTEN TO US AND JUST ADD STUFF! YOU ALREADY GOT THE TOUGH DEVELOPMENT PARTS OUT OF THE WAY! GOodness.."
,Not Recommended,311310,22172735,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,CrayonMan,"Look @ my hours played. If you are lucky enough to find this review pre-purchase, good on you. Do not buy this game."
76561197992972642,Not Recommended,311310,26154295,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ArBleiz,"This game has gone from great, to bad, to worse.It's ridden of obvious bugs that betray poor development practices (e.g. the teleport timer doesn't reset when cancelled, it says 5 hours as though you actually did teleport - silly bug but any dev worth half their salt would never make such a noob mistake).To top off their incompetence and lack of ability to prioritize updates decently (still no decent UI in sight), the devs suffer of complete contempt for their customers. Yes it's alpha, but most alphas worth their salt (the ones that actually do get published in the end) try to make the grind a bit less painful for their testers. These guys treat their alpha testers/customers like slave dogs and see nothing wrong in pushing you time after time through mindless, neddless and un-necessary grind; each time making it more painful than the previous.This game had so much potential, now I can hardly force myself to play it; and when I do, I end up just closing it shortly thereafter. It's simply not worth the astronomical commitment in time and patience they demand, and if you do yield to it, your efforts will be soon rewarded with having to re-start anew in tougher conditions.It's not an alpha, it's a gulag."
76561198002320741,Not Recommended,311310,25060492,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Markcufc,Lost it's appeal way back.
76561198064081457,Not Recommended,311310,23042228,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Lisa-Azra,"Let me tell you of a game called D.I.Y Lobotomy, it is a simulator, very beautiful in its graphics and acuracy where you spend hours upon hours travelling at the speed of a snail to arrive in a port and find a) there are no resources for sale so you can't build any ships and b) everything you have, all the cannons, fish, salt and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you have looted from ships in the endless grind is worth 1 gold a piece, even though the same cannons to buy are 900 gold a piece, Here comes the aim of the game, sticking a sharpened pencil in your eye is far more satisfying.Give your hard earned money to a worthwhile charity instead."
76561198011588186,Recommended,311310,26067472,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kivi,"The last patch increased income rate so much that if you ever liked Naval Action, it is a good time to check this title again.Negative reviews are for the earlier patch that was a fail.  Today the game is way more playable and enjoyable.  The amount of grind you had to do before has been decreased.  There are still bugs, balance issues, features to develop, etc. normal stuff.  I am sure devs do their best to fix these.You can also buy some ships directly from Admiralty now.  If you do not like crafting or trading the game does not force you to do so.For guys who do not own the game yet.  Naval Action combat system is one of the best ones and clearly so.  I know maybe 100 guys who play or have been playing NA.  They have reason why they dont like this or that, but each one of them says that NA combat is one of the best ones they have played.  If development direction stays on ""less grind, more pvp"", you like Naval Combat, Age Of Sails, Pirates, I definitely recommend to buy."
76561198056030238,Recommended,311310,25008911,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,sruPL,The recent game changes bring a hope for the great future of this game.
76561198215878033,Not Recommended,311310,24963480,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,JCavanaugh,"The devs have waffled back and forth with reactionary patches that undermine gameplay, and their latest action has gone too far. They have directly supported one nation in an RVR game to the exclusion of all others, by dumping several thousand of the best mod in the game into a nationally held port, generating tens of millions of gold for the controlling nation, and flooding them with better mods.This was allegedly in response to the abuse of a bug allowing contracts for the purchase of these mods to control flow - however this exploit was used in other ports and in other nations, but they were not bailed out to bypass this exploit, only the 1 nation.When pressured about this on their forums, the devs deleted posts and banned the posters.I loved this game, but I can say unequivocably - Do not give these devs your money."
76561197992304271,Recommended,311310,22470891,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,hoyodemonte,"The game - after last patch - is enjoyable. Personally I always liked it (as you can see I have a lot of hours ingame), but now it's way better than before. Plus the community is - as always - very friendly with new players. Yet the game is rather time demanding: it takes a lot of time to do everything. Population is a bit low at the moment so the (huge) open world feels sometimes a bit empty and open sea PVP action is not very common (outiside some ""hot"" ports where people gather to brawl). The good of PVP is that, even a lowbie in a medium ship, can be very effective in PVP action (both solo and group). Faction conquest is a different world: very active clans rush for ports on a daily basis. PVE is difficult only when you begin, but becomes somehow a routine when you learn how to play (always the same mission, rinse and repeat) but - that's the good point - it is now very rewarding in terms of gold/items/exp. Levelling through the ranks requires a slow paced grind, but acceptable. Endgame PVE content is simply inexistent. When you reach max rank, you have to throw yourself into some PvP/RvR action ... or you trade/craft or ... you freeze the account. Crafting has been recently revamped, and it's good (even though the grind through the ranks here is very very slow). The naval combat - both PVP and PVE - is really accurate and challenging and - toghether with the marvellous  graphic design of the ships - it's definitely the best thing of the game. So ... if you are looking for a age of sail game in order to ""relax with skill"" (and you have some hours each day to throw at it), I suggest you to give it a try."
76561198047249631,Recommended,311310,30588278,Posted: 18 March,all,Staubkappe,noise
,Recommended,311310,32774667,Posted: 25 June,all,Coco Jack,"Naval Action is a game where you become a Captian of your vessel or own little fleet in the Caribbean during the Napoleanic Era. You can either join a PVE server, where you capture and battle ships controlled by the AI, or the PVP server, where you are thrown into an open world with other players. From your humble beginnings you have various options to work yourself through the ranks: you can start out as a trader, join a clan or do solo combat missions. All with the aim to either buying larger ships or investing your money into producing them and the ressources consumed by other players, like repairs upgrades, etc.The graphics are stunning and very well made. The sky and the sea are just beautiful. The ships look gorgeous. The battle mechanics all work excellent and I found all of the trade mechanics to work as well.Well, if you know anything about the Age Of Sail, then you should probably take heed that is was an era during which everything took time. So will the game, especially so in the beginning. You will probably have to play a couple of missions against AI ships until you build some sort of capital to invest in more expensive tradegoods to expand your margins. Sailin gacross the Caribbean also takes its time, because the open world is huge.Be warned, you will experience frustration. Because there are other players that have larger ships, know the map and their trade well. You will lose your ship, you will lose your cargo and depending on the nation you play, you will witness one of your outposts an its buildings getting lost after a city flips ownership after a port battle.Remember that this game is in Early Access, so you will be considered to be a testing player. The developers are making a lot of changes and are trying out a lot of variants for the gameplay. If you are adverse to changing environments, this may cause frustration to you too.I really like this game, exactly because of all the challenges it provides to the players. The open world is not just a cozy place, but there are risks involved when you set your sails to go to battle or deliver your goods to another port. There is no save game so every bad decision on your side will have consequences. I like to carve out my own career. There is a worth to it when you begin figuring out your strategy and when you start to build your own support structure. I love how the weather changes and the sun and moon rise while I am sailing out into the unknown. Most of the people I have met so far are really invested into this game and friendly. Beware though, it is a multiplayer open world and just like in real life, you are going to meet uncomfortable persons.All in all, if you love the Age Of Sail, if you bring patience and you can tolerate some frustration, if you are willing to make the game yours by carving out your own career and accept the very nature of an multiplayer open world, if for now you can accept that development on this is not yet closed and finished -  this game is for you!"
76561198098844557,Not Recommended,311310,30271137,Posted: 1 March,all,Im provoking U,"Oh the good ole days of this game were an experience. I loved it. I had this games website saved to google before it came out to keep up on when it was coming out. And when it did, It was awesome. The combat was beautiful. The player base was very helpful and abusing certain trade tatics made you rich as hell. Sailing from one place to another was a kick in the d*ck, the game did have its problems. But it was still overall, a fun game to play. But now...sniff...now its a hollow shell of itself. I had an amazing ship that took a bit of time to get, all the players I sailed with and did massive PVE battles. All gone. Now its nothing but a max of 400 playes and a ton of bugs. RIP NA."
,Recommended,311310,21103479,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,bearman71,"Alright, well I used to have some major issues with the game and they seem to have been fixed by the devs.This game is still not %100, it is very much early access, however, I love the brutal time sink that naval action is. Woud I recomend it. Probably not, it is not for everyone but if you like the age of sail and want a fun MMO set durring that era then this is for you.Things to keep in mindThe UI is horribleThe game is not new person friendlyThere is no tutorialYou will get sunk, often.But you will alsoSink AISink ofter playersMake moneySpend money on stupid things because you canLearn what a free market economy is and how it worksI love this game and hope it stays with us for years to come."
,Recommended,311310,34448675,Posted: 23 August,all,Frosty,The game has been updated and has been made easier in a way for certain aspects which is nice. The game is headed into the right direction I beleive and hopefully it keeps getting better.
76561198035352275,Recommended,311310,33258405,Posted: 4 July,all,Pointman45,After the latest patch the game is very playable again.Not worth the $39 pricetag though.
,Not Recommended,311310,21401206,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,WaKKO151,This game used to be great but vindictive Development team and idiotic changes have made this game unplayable.
76561198021884039,Recommended,311310,28490649,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Joviel,"Third review of Naval Action I've written.  First was glowing.  Then about six months ago a patch was released which completely restructured the game into a hidious mess.  I recently revisited the game and it is playable again. Looks like they retained the better pasts of the release (new economy, detailed political system) and tossed the hated bits (unaffordable ships, forcing people into clans, encouraging pvp ganking).If you want a simple naval combat game, this isn't for you, it is deeper than that.  There is a great deal of strategy here, even as an individual you need to (or should anyway) open outposts in strategic areas where you can gather crafting supplies, defend these against the enemy, etc...I don't know why some people trash the Naval Action community, it is far more supportive and mature than other MMOs.  Sure, there are a few loudmouthed jerks acting like spoiled 12 year-olds (OK, probably are spoiled 12 year-olds).  But overall a good crowd.Reccomended.  Again."
,Not Recommended,311310,29798359,Posted: 9 February,all,Julius,"Super-protection zones and notes for ships are a terrible trend towards what this game is becoming in terms of sheer simplification, and with OW PvP - the aspect that if anything is the best suited for the scope and complexity of the open world - being virtually dead.It's no longer a dynamic world, it's just 90% of the population sitting in the 10% of the map where they are 100% safe to do whatever they want with zero risk, and no reason to ever leave."
