user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,311560,14846719,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Roquen,"FINALLY Ubisoft got it right!Game runs well? CHECKGood story? CHECKGood Graphics? CHECK (Better than Black Flag, but not as good as Unity, but then again Unity had a ton of problems because they overdid it)Fun gameplay and combat? CHECKFun naval experience? CHECKWhat the hell is there to not like!?"
76561197974593679,Recommended,311560,14846091,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ruuk,"Dear Ubisoft,Please continue to make your Assassin's Creed games more like this one (Playable), and less like AC3 and Unity (Broken).Sincerely,-Absolutely Everybody."
,Recommended,311560,14861078,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Mally,"EDIT: I've upgraded my PC since this review. If you have any questions about running the port, I can't answer them!If Rogue is the Ubifuture, then it is an ubifuture I want to ubilive in.Assassins Creed Rogue was the little brother of Unity, both releasing on the same day. For reasons unknown (They're totally known) Ubisoft delayed Rogue for Pc by like 5 months. A bold move that paid off.My machine is poop garbage. GT 640, i3. Turrible. Black Flag at 20 FPS. I had no hopes for Rogue, but damnit, it proved me wrong. 60 steady fps on medium settings, it really never dipped at all. The game looks the same as Black Flag, but it isn't badly ported.The story of Rogue is a tale of tragedy. We follow Shay Patrick Cormac, Assassin and five time winer of the coveted, 'Most Irish Name' award. Cormac is guided by Achilles, Connor's angry black mentor from Assassins Creed 3. After it turns out that Achilles isliterally black Hitler,Cormac runs away and is adopted by the Templars. Now he  is quite angry, and wants to assassinate his former assassin brothers, in a cruel twist of fate. The story will finally wrap up the Kenway saga. It will Link Assassins Creed 3, Black Flag, Unity, and even WATCH_DOGS.The gameplay is like Black Flag, with a little bit of Black Flag thrown in. You sail your boat, burning boats and doing pirate things. (You're not a pirate.) It also has a bit of AC3 in it, with a frontier styled map. There are also a TON of collectibles. I love collecting things. And stuff, can't forget stuff. I've spent at least 20 hours just collecting and admiring the scenery. For a game set in such a horrible era like the 7 year's war, it sure is damn pretty.The music is a a mix of all the previous AC themes put together in beautiful Frankenstein harmony. The main theme consists of Ezio's Family, with a bit of AC4 and AC3 thrown in. It's to symbolize that this is the end of the previous gen of Assassins Creed, and a new, buggier generation has been birthed.The bad parts about Rogue is the fact that it is about 8 hours long if you do nothing but the story. There are bugs that have transfered over from Black Flag that they never fixed. Most (Like 95%) of Cormac's animations are borrowed directly from Edward Kenway, and the new ones are very stiff and awkward looking.Rogue has become one of my favourite PC games by Ubisoft in recent years, especially since it's not a horrible monstrosity."
,Recommended,311560,14900505,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,GERSillySausage,"WARNING!, to understand this Review, you must have played/seen Assassin's Creed IV and to an extent Assassin's Creed 3. Do not issue a bad rating on the merits of you entering in the franchise. Sorry, friend, this review is not for you.This game can also be described as Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag 1.5. When I finished, I almost wondered why the Installation didn't come with patch notes instead of a features description. Don't get me wrong, it's good, bloody damn good, but read this for a minute to understand why.The Good ""Patch Changes""- The new Air Rifle is amazing, and doesn't look as, and I hesitate to use the word here, racist or shoe-horned as a bow and a blowpipe. It provides a lore-friendly way of dispatching your foes as well as later receiving a Grenade launcher, which allows you to stun, berserk or just explode a large group of enemies. It opens tactical opportunities to spark a large group of enemies to berserk instead of just one.- The Outfit selection takes a big dump on the ""15 colours of robes & hoods"" thing and presents you for once with varied outfits that don't require dlc. I completed the game in the uniform of a Royal Navy Captain.- The Environment is much more varied. The River Valley is - as the name would suggest - a large map of rivers where you can encounter medium-sized ships and set up clever ambushes. The Ocean map is much wider and you can capture Man'o'War ships there.- You are a templar now, which means the United Kingdom won't bother you anymore, unless you want to, atleast in the cities. backstab, shoot and murder to your hearts content!- You can now murder civilians in a lore-friendly way. Instead of arbitrarily getting de-synched at the third mishap like a kindergarten boy being sent home because he threw gobs of sand around, you will now have tough-as-♥♥♥♥e bounty hunters sent after you. they will kill you unless you are smart and shoot them first. But it's lore-friendly and more immersive that way.- Say goodbye to the always-on, required-to-progress Kenway's Fleet! That's right, the Fleet now is entirely offline, and gives you not only junk househlod decorations but also some very nifty Items and beautiful cosmetics. Also, it's optional, so if you are not interested in the Naval Campaign, good riddance for you, but it will generally give you money, as it works on the ingame currency now, the pound, instead of the arbitrary-a*s ""Gems"" that were ripe for mobile mini-transactions from the word go.- New York makes its return from AC3. I find it to be the more ugly of the two cities, boston was always more to my liking, but they managed to spice the city up by restoring the burned-down districts and adding a less depressive day-night cycle. Since I played AC3 the colour orange gives me spontaneous cataract!- Getting boarded is fun. It eventually ends like the other boardings, you can only be boarded by assassin brigs and pirate-hunters and you might lose up to 7 crewmen, but it's fun.- The Elite Upgrades for your ship are not buried in some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ places that you will only visit once for the entire game- You now have frequent ammunition chests in the cities to refill your special ammunition for free. It gives a shoddy amount of bullets, but I'll get to that eventually.- The sailors of the Morrigan look like Royal Navy sailors. BRITANNIA RULES THE WAVES!The bad changes... and yes, there are some.- When you capture an enemy fortress, your boarding crew does not follow you on land, which is sad. I liked the atmospheric fortress battles even though the teleporting ship crew in ACIVBF incited philosophical discourse with other players/co-workers at the water dispenser.- The highest-Level set of pistols and the only pair of the main game that kills grenadiers/captains/assassins in one shot is locked behind a challenge. Alternatively, you can buy the DLC and aquire the Russian Flintlock pistols. It's just a scheme to funnel more games into buying the DLC.- Shay, the Protagonist, is a dunce at looting conventional bullets from corpses. While Edward could restock himself twice over by just stabbing some guards in the middle of the street, Mr. Cormac needs his reading glasses whiped for him because he only loots one or two cartridges off a rifleman. This is a big deal, because in the marine sessions, assassins hunts and time-based objectives as well as the main missions, you will be heavily relying on your pistols. Unless, of course, you are sneaky. Which I ain't.- Ammunition does not refill when you get onto your ships. They really don't have a crew chest where I could ""borrow"" some of these precious blackpowder lifesavers? REALLY? Edward Kenways crew was cool about that. meh.- The story is a bit short for my taste, but that is only because they had to develop this game alongside the *spontaneous irony* colossus of cultural value and perfection *irony end, cough cough* that was Assassin's Creed: Unity.-IN SHORT-If you couldn't already guess, I am going to recommend this game, because my complaints are all tiny things.So, that's about all I got so far. I might add more grins or gripes in the future. Keep the discussion in the comments civilized. And have fun if you decide to buy! I guarantee you almost certainly will."
,Recommended,311560,32633664,Posted: 21 June,all,NellucGameGuy,"7/10 - GoodI like this game a lot...a good follow up to Black Flag featuring the epic naval combat with some improvements along the way. Interesting story with a different perspective on the conflict between Assassins' and Templars.What really holds this game back is that it's even buggier than most AC titles. Most of the time I was defeated in this game was due to the glitchy parkour and combat...worst I've seen in a while. No, this game isn't broken, but it can really take you out of the experience when you're handicapped by Ubisoft's typical lack of quality control.All in all, I'd still recommend this game, just be prepared for some serious frustration."
,Recommended,311560,14856193,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Gabenfoodle,"I launched it, and it didnt freeze, crash, or delete my System 32.10/10, Better then Unity"
,Recommended,311560,15867169,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Demadizzle,"I Couldn't find a flaw in this game. They took everything great from Black Flag and improved on it. The story was so perfect that I didn't care it was a couple sequences short. I wish it kept going but it was so perfectly laid out I didn't mind so much. We finally got a game with the assassin's being our enemy and they executed it flawlessly. The signature moves were used against you as well as you performing them. Shay is a great protagonist, his decisions are well thought through and makes sense why he would go ""Rogue"". Rogue ties in with  Unity, AC3 / and Black Flag perfectly while answering and also revealing so much more to the assassin creed universe. This game had all the elements to be a masterpiece and it succeeded. Worth every penny. Solid 9/10."
,Recommended,311560,18451731,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Assassin's Creed Rogue is the last 7th gen Assassin's Creed game. It runs off AC4's engine and reuses most of the same assets. It's a very overlooked and underrated game that was overshadowed by it's inferior brother Assassin's Creed Unity. The game serves as a prequel to Assassin's Creed 3 and a sequel to Black Flag, with character appearances from both games.In Assassin's Creed Rogue you play as Shay Cormac. An Assassin who becomes disillusioned with the Brotherhood and joins the Templars. The storytelling in AC: Rogue is the biggest thing the game does well. The Templars in AC: Rogue are portrayed as stalward defenders of peace and order, wheras the Assassin's are well intentioned extremists who want freedom by any means necessary. This game actually started to make me view the actions you undertook in previous games in a completely different light. The Assassin's are portrayed largely as criminals who Shay tasks himself with destroying. It feels like a much more politically Conservative game as a result. You're not a revolutionary overthrowing a despot. You play as a man who wants to protect the things he cares about. This all feels very fresh and makes the game stand out to me compared to other games in the series. It's also one of the few games in the series where the protagonist's default outfit lacks a hood.In terms of gameplay it fundamentally is the same as Black Flag. With a few changes here and there. They replaced Assassination missions with Interception missions, where you prevent assassinations. They also introduced enemies called Stalkers. Who hide in areas like haystacks and bushes similar to the player and abush you. Using similar tactics that you have employed in previous games. You also explore rivers and valleys in the Northern Atlantic as opposed to an ocean in the Carribean, so the game does have a different aesthetic style.Now while I do like Rogue and do recommend the game, it's not perfect. The game is shorter than both Black Flag and AC3. And while I did enjoy the storyline it took a lot of time to really get interesting once you became a templar. The general gameplay also felt far too much like a stand-alone expansion pack to Black Flag. It feels too stuck in Black Flag's shadow and it's probably the biggest reason I cannot recommend this game at full price. If you didn't like AC4 then you also will not like this game either because of how similar it is.The best thing I can really say about Rogue is it did what it set out to do very well. I was worried that this was another example of a game with missed potential, and I'm glad to say I was completely wrong."
,Not Recommended,311560,32162804,Posted: 3 June,all,Logibear,"Fairly below average as far as AC games go, combat was satisfying at times and buggy/inconsistent at others, it's pretty much like black flag in many ways but without the pirate charm. You can still do the same ship battles, legendary ship encounters, fort raids etc. that you could in AC: BF, but why do that here when you could just play black flag?The story was average, Shays motivation for going rouge is understandable but the characters are so forgettable and boring that none of the 'emotional' moments really hold much weight if any at all. Shay himself is not quite Ezio but at the same time - he's not a Connor either. If I had to describe him in one word, I’d probably say 'Irish', because there's not much more to him than that.I also found it dumb that instead of the developers coming up with a creative way of getting the player on the templars side - they just make the assassins extremely unlikeable instead, so much for prompting you to question who the 'bad guys' really are, just make the assassins into thugs it's much easier that way.Who cares really I’m just writing this so I can get that Steam community badge. Thank you if you even bothered reading this."
76561198153716024,Recommended,311560,35011726,Posted: 16 September,all,Space,"When Rogue was first released, it was often overlooked due to Unity's release corresponding with it. However, this is definitely not a game to overlook in the Assassin's Creed franchise. AC Rogue takes place during the Seven Years' War and acts as a sequel to Black Flag, as well as a prequel to AC 3.The basic story is that Shay Cormac sees first hand how dangerous the American Brotherhood is and fears they're destroying the world they wish to save. Shay is then betrayed by the Brotherhood and finds friends in the Templars. Together, they attempt to tear down the American Brotherhood before it's too late. The overall story is absolutely amazing! This is definitely one of the best things going for Rogue. The story is unique and not really one we've gotten in any other AC game. It provides perspective on the franchise. Personally, I think this is the best story we've gotten since the Ezio trilogy.One thing that fans were upset with when this was announced was that this game is only 6 sequences long (with an epilogue). I don't really consider this a negative aspect though. Sure, it's the shortest AC game (besides Chronicles, but who cares about those?). A story doesn't have to be long to be good, it just has to cover everything it needs to cover and not throw in useless stuff just to add length. Rogue does this well.A story is nothing without its characters, and this game has a great cast. For starters, the main character, Shay, is a great character. His struggle and story are fantastic and very entertaining. The other characters joining him are all pretty darn good, and you get to see familiar faces from Black Flag and AC 3, along with new faces. None of the characters seemed out of place and they all were well-voiced.In terms of game mechanics, there's nothing really new. The game's naval combat is pretty much exactly like Black Flag, but this isn't a problem since Black Flag had some amazing naval combat. Your ship, the Morrigan, is a lot more maneuverable that the Jack Daw and it has 'puck guns', but other than that, there's not much of a difference. You can fire canon balls at ships to either sink them or incapacitate them. Once you stop them in their tracks, you can board the ship, take out some fools, and decide what to do with the ship. You can either repair the Morrigan, salvage the ship, or remove your wanted level. The wanted level is determined by how many ships you sink. If you sink enough, a bounty hunter ship will come after you. These are usually about the same level your ship is and are easy to take down. Ships with higher levels than you are, of course, harder to take down. You can also upgrade your ship with loot collected from, well, looting.Besides bashing up boats, you can also stab some soldiers. The combat is pretty much Black Flag's combat. You can counter hits, shoot people with pistols/a rifle, stab people with swords/daggers/the hidden blades, and so one. One new addition to the weapons however is the air rifle. Despite it being a reskin of the blow dart gun in AC 4, it's pretty cool! You can put guards to sleep or make them go berserk. Later in the game, you get a grenade launcher added onto it, which is fantastic. Guards are also nothing really new. You have your standard soldiers, snipers, swordsmen, and the big brute guys. Basically the same line-up from AC 4 and AC 3. The game isn't really challenging, but then again, most AC games aren't. (Sure, there are more difficult parts here and there, but it's nothing some grinding won't cure)Since this is an open world game, you can travel to numerous ports, attack forts, and explore. The map is pretty darn large and there are numerous places to explore (including Sleepy Hallow!). The game looks pretty great and ran very smoothly. The graphics aren't next gen like Unity, but they get the job done. The soundtrack is also great, but the main theme is basically Ezio's Family.Overall, there are those who don't like the fact that this game doesn't do much of anything new with gameplay mechanics, or like that the game is about 10 hours long. Look past this and just enjoy the story and the characters. I definitely recommend this game! Check out the previous ones first, but this one is definitely one of the best AC games we've gotten since Revelations."
,Recommended,311560,14821266,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,EVERYBODY,"This game is absolutely fantastic. This is what Asssassins Creed is all about. The graphics are wonderful. The performance is fantastic, got everything set to max and no fps drops what so ever, constant 60 fps on a 780ti. The story is unique and intriguing. If you were upset by the failure of Unity, then fear no more. Assassins Creed: Rogue will make your faith in Ubisoft come back. The Soundtrack is bloody AMAZING! the chills it gives you when it plays, its a fantastic feeling. If its one thing that Ubisoft knows what to do, is always delivering a fantastic Soundtrack, it deeply emerses you into the game. The whole ""I was an Assassin, now a templar"" the story is so fantastic it makes me so happy that ubisoft put time and effort into this game. I highly suggest you buy it, its a full game, with a full story, I haven't completed it yet, because I have been having fun with the Ship battles, plundering and getting them monies! but so far its had me sit here playing the game.Story: 8/10Graphics: 8/10Soundtrack: 10/10Glitches, bugs or fps drops: None that I have seen so far.Gameplay: 9/10 (just like you remember it in Black Flag, its FANTASTIC)The game is fantastic and for the price its WELL worth it. Pick it up, You won't be disapointed! I promise!!"
,Recommended,311560,14832622,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bacon Overlord®,"This game combines some of the best aspecs of Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag in terms of the naval battles, ship upgrades (without having to dive anymore.. thank god) along with a much healthier dose of the regular AC stuff... hunting is still in the game and has been overhauled to be much more interesting, plus the chases for shanties and the like aren't nearly as hard as they were in AC4.They really listened to everyone and created an amazing game that runs smooth as silk."
,Recommended,311560,18144410,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Sinatra,"This is the most solid Assassins Creed since AC2. 10/10I feel bad for AC Rogue as I think a lot of gamers got caught up in the AC Unity snafoo to take the time to notice how brilliant of a game this is. It NEVER crashed, NEVER stuttered, NEVER glitched and NEVER dropped frames. I actually believe that it is the most solid and technically sound game in the franchise at this point. It appears to be built upon the same engine as Black Flag, but unlike BF it never felt like it was ready to break apart at any second. It is incredibly refined and looks great.I am a sucker for stories like this but I was hooked immediatly. It isn't exposition driven and as a result you come to share an empathy with Shay as events unfold. You see things from his point of view (In this case from the side of the templars) and it makes him very relatable as his actions seem JUSTIFIED. I dig it. ;)If I had to pick a fault with the game, it would be that with the franchise itself. Simply put AC games are getting HUGE in terms of the game world and to prolong the experience; devs are craming in as many collectables as possible. I understand the reasons behind it (open world, forces exploration ect...) but it is just at the point where it has NOTHING to do with the story and is simply distracting. It is beyond filler content and if they could tone it down somewhat or give me a reason to 100% everything, I feel Ubisoft should go for it!Do I reccommend this game? Yes. A huge resounding yes. It is pretty, technically sound and very enjoyable. In fact, the church mission in Lisbon delivered probably my favourite assassins creed experience to date! Go team!"
,Recommended,311560,14844149,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Player,"Pros:✔Unusual story for AC series. We can now see the whole story from templars side.✔Great sandbox gameplay which was slightly modified since AC4.✔Seven years war is a very interesting history period.✔One of the best PC ports. Even better than AC4.✔The whole bunch of the new gadgets including: puckle guns,grenade launcher,air rifle,burning oil.✔Making money is much easier now,thanks to rebuilding incomes.✔Modern part of the game is much interesting now.Cons:✘Sometimes graphics are great,but sometimes its looking horrible.Maybe its because game was creating for X360\PS3.✘AI is still horrible.✘Sometimes parkour gives me surprises.Character jumps in wrong directions and other stuff. Looking a bit old after Unity.✘You are the templar now,but gameplay doesnt changes too much.✘I dont like the new eagle vision at all.This whispers makes me mad.✘Too short,comparing to other AC games.Price is still the same.Summary:I recommend this game,but only for AC fans. Its expanding AC3 and AC4 stories. So it will be a great game,but for fans only. Still, very controversial game."
,Recommended,311560,19391656,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Assassin’s Creed Rogue ties up the America Saga, rounding out what happened between Black Flag and Assassin’s Creed III. The story follows Shay Patrick Cormack as he begins his stabbing journey as an Assassin, working together with the likes of Adewale and Achilles. Shay is a much more cynical character than previous assassins, questioning the value of the brotherhood’s actions and even having personality clashes with some high ranking members.After an event that leads to the death of innocents, Shay renounces the assassins, going rogue and eventually joining up with Templars, including Haytham Kenway. There are references to Haytham’s father, as well as his son, Connor, and it helps to show the characters in a new light. Just as many of us have questioned the motives behind and implications for actions taken in Assassin’s Creed games, these characters are the most insightful and interesting – offering deeper questions while still retaining enough personality to avoid it becoming a morality quest like Assassin’s Creed III.Without giving any spoilers, it is this story and the characters within it that make the game so worthwhile; these aspects elevate the experience to new heights, giving the franchise something that it so desperately needed – believable characters who are more than mindless killers. The ending of the game is superbly executed, perfectly setting the scene for Assassin’s Creed Unity and offering an ending that has stuck with me long after the credits finished rolling.But it’s not just the story or characters that show Ubisoft’s learning curve in this iteration of Assassin’s Creed. The gameplay is also excellent, with tons to do in a much more varied way. By combining the sailing and exploration of tiny ports with a sprawling rendition of New York, players get the best of both an urban and rural experience. There are a variety of areas to capture, from forts and gang hideouts to settlements and warehouses. Resources can be used to upgrade your ship, and there is even an entire optional strategy game in the form of a naval campaign with ships under your control. There are tons of collectibles ranging from hidden treasures and parkour high points to new shanties and secret puzzles.These innovations are best exemplified by the hunting of assassins. Once you go rogue, you will notice that assassin’s are amazing at hiding and stabbing you from out of nowhere. Shay needs to use eagle vision to find these stealthy killers; assassination missions now include defending the target from assassins hidden throughout the map. These battles aren’t easy, but they are incredibly rewarding when you feel like the best sneaky stabber of the bunch.Combat is still the same, unfortunately. I still find this one of the greatest let downs of the Assassin’s Creed franchise – combat becomes a boring combination of waiting for attacks, countering, and occasionally kicking a heavy guy first so I can break his guard before killing him. It’s all very uninspired and feels particularly clunky after playing similar games that execute this gameplay aspect so well.Another element that seems to fall short is the parkour. While much of it is excellent and there is nothing like running across New York rooftops or synchronizing an area from the top of a shipwreck, the contextual movements can often feel sluggish or lead to unintended actions. I had numerous encounters where I wished to jump across to a tree branch in order to assassinate a target only to jump right in front of the target instead. Not ideal.A final point of criticism would be the loading times. It is very clear that this game is being played on old generation consoles – loading times when moving from one area to the next, or between sequences, could feel long. While this was to be expected, it got rather frustrating after desynchronizing from a mission only to have to wait in order to try again.It’s understandable why loading times are so long, though – the environments are truly massive. Each area feels huge, with tons to do, explore and discover. Exploration is further rewarded by offering unique upgrades through blueprints that can only be found in obscure areas. Want the best possible cannon or mortar for your ship, you will need to unearth the plans in a remote area. Beyond simple exploration, there are forts to take over and settlements to claim, each with unique victory parameters. Add to that convoys to rob and man o’ wars to conquer and the game’s scale seems to just keep growing.Each area is also incredibly well rendered. Sure, it’s still clearly old generation – foliage doesn’t look right up close and shadows on faces look like blurry messes, but the actual set pieces and textures are excellent, making the most of the older console’s power. There are some stunning visuals, particularly when sailing towards the Northern Lights or even into a blizzard. The audio is similarly lovingly created, from a dynamic sound track to some excellent voice talent. From Shay’s Irish accent to James Cook’s Scottish brogue, each character offers emotional and compelling performances.The controls are fairly familiar now, having played Assassin’s Creed games in this form for a while. New weaponry is fun to experiment with, although I still found myself using the usual tactics that I’ve used in previous titles. That said, when I did mix it up with some of the new toys, I found that I had a lot more fun and a much more varied experience.The out-of-Animus experience is also fun, although less light-hearted than Black Flag’s. Again, you play as an employee of Abstergo Entertainment, but from the start you are more aware of some conspiracies at play. While wandering the halls collecting abandoned tablets and hacking other people’s computer terminals, Ubisoft has filled the present day experience with tons of Easter Eggs, nods to gaming industry controversies and clues to future projects. It’s never heavy handed, though, and if you want to completely ignore it, time spent out of the Animus will be limited so that you can jump straight back into the parts of the game that you enjoy.Ubisoft has a notorious record for launching below par PC ports, and you wouldn’t have to look further than Assassin’s Creed Unity or Watch_Dogs for proof. Assassin’s Creed Rogue is running on the same Anvil engine that powered Black Flag, and it seems like that’s the reason for it’s stable, uncompressed performance on PC. Ubisoft have launched two games with the engine on PC already, so I assume they’ve learnt what works, and what doesn’tAssassin's Creed: Rogue is a great ending to the American saga of the franchise, and a great game in its own right. Ubisoft has also done a fine job with the PC port, making it an easy recommendation to any fan."
76561198054510467,Recommended,311560,28741996,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,shadowfaxe7,"Did you think Black Flag was the utmost heights that Pirate vs. Ninja combat could climb to? Were you under the (foolish) impression that Ubisoft(in the head) couldn't further refine the ship combat introduced in AC3 and then perfected in Black Flag? Did you skip this game thinking it's just ANOTHER reskin of Black Flag?If you answered yes to any of these questions - then you are REALLY missing out.The first thing most players say about Rogue is that it's shorter than Black Flag. That isn't quite true - Black Flag was a sweeping epic spread out across several years; all leading up to AC3. Rogue is more self-contained and (dare I say it?) streamlined than Black Flag. Take a couple of weeks off from playing Black Flag - you're likely to forget the story when you start it up again. Rogue is all-involving. The plot is a lot more personal. It does something that no other AC game has done before... and shows the story from the BAD GUY point of view. Not only that, but it does it in a way that makes YOUR character a good guy (well, as good as a guy can be when he's a member of a top secret murder cult) while still ticking all the bad guy tropes. Best of all, it actually SHOWS the good guys (again, murder cult) the heroes - as villains without MAKING them villains. This whole story - by and large - is a series of misunderstandings. Arrogance. Mistakes and one man (the main character) trying to clean up afterwards.Enter the main character - a wisecracking, smart♥♥♥♥♥who hails from the fair emerald isles. If you stand too close when he opens his mouth you can smell the guinness. Trust me. He's Irish. He's full of energy and fun and he'd like to kick the♥♥♥♥♥of over half the members of the brotherhood. He's arrogant - but he's got a reason to be arrogant. At the start of the story he's one of their best recruits - and as the story goes on he's one of the ONLY characters who seems to retain some kind of common sense. When the head of his top secret murder cult orders him to steal an artifact that costs millions of people their lives - you'd THINK said head of a top secret murder cult would be smart enough to leave well enough alone. But no, the French and the British and the Native American's are breathing down the throats of both the Templars and the Assassin's and it's up to the boss man (aka the head of the top secret murder cult) to track down MORE artifacts. Your character has an objection to this - and from there the whole story spirals out of control with your character struggling to (literally) keep the world in one piece the only way he knows how... by killing everyone he ever cared about.  Over the course our story the Irish ball of fun loses his sense of humor. He loses his innocence. He loses everyone and everything he ever cared about. He becomes a Templar. Utterly. His last act of humanity is to spare Mr. Big (aka the boss man aka the head of the top secret murder cult) which eventually leads to the events of AC3 - but wait! There's more! Another game was developed alongside Rogue (ACU) and the player's last act as the main character ties into the FIRST ACT of Unity. Tying together not JUST Black Flag and AC3 but the future games themselves.The combat is the same as all AC games have ever been. Seriously. If you don't like AC combat then you're going to be upset with this game. Again, as with every AC game, there's on or two bells and whisles that have been added in to make your experience a bit more unique - but it's still the AC combat we've all come to know.There's even less to say about the crafting in this game than there was in AC3 and Black Flag. There's even less outfits you can craft in this game. The upgrades are nice but - again - as the requirements can all be bought and then crafted - the actual foraging aspect of the crafting feature can be completely ignored.The map is easily as big (if not slightly bigger) than Black Flag but it does this in a very sneaky way. Instead of having a HUGE ocean to play in - you have three medium sized maps. You have the ocean to play in. Rivers to play in and New York City to play in. Best of all, unlike AC3, New York actually feels fleshed out. It actually feels like a city with districts and people living in it. There is no diving this time - but you won't really miss it (if you tried it in Black Flag and hated like I did you'll actually be glad it's gone) or probably even notice it's gone.The ship combat has actually been re-refined. Gone are those (near useless) barrels (well, almost gone, anyway) and in their place we have an oil slick that makes it VERY tricky for an enemy to come too close or (even stupider) try to follow you. Further, in place of the limited-use flintlock guns strapped to your ship, you have a puckle gun. This weapon is FUN. It's basically a flintlock machine gun (look it up, this was an ACTUAL historical weapon) that can fire off twelve shots before needing reloading. On the open sea an enemy ship can attack you - you can be pulled down and dragged into combat when you aren't ready for it. Black Flag may have made the ship combat enjoyable - but Rogue makes it an art form.AC Unity is embarrassment - even after all this time. Rogue came out at the same time and was - sadly - overshadowed by the media attention Unity got. Unlike Unity - Rogue was WORTH full price at launch and is STILL worth it. It is WORTH the hours and time you put into it. The story is good. The combat is the same as ever and you'll feel satisfied when it's all over. If you like pirates and ninjas and good-old-fashioned 'Merican cameos (hey Ben! Captain Cook! Woo!) then make your own luck and give this game a try."
,Recommended,311560,14817730,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,[GWFs] GreatNose,"Initial feelings:While I have only just started playing it, I can safely say that this is the best optimization that I have seen on a Ubisoft game. I am playing this on a laptop with a GeForce 860M and I am maintaining a very steady 60fps on High/meduim graphics with 1080 resolution. As of now the story is pretty great, especially if you played the other AC games. There are cameos of a bunch of old characters like Adewale and Achilles. So far, the game is shaping up to be pretty awesome. So, if you like AC games (especially AC 4- Black Flag), then you shoud definately keep your eye on this game. (It shows promise for better obtimization from Ubisoft in the future. . . hopefully lol)Edit:Upon playing more of Rogue I have come across a few issues that I think I should address. All of these have only happened once, so don't panic. I got stuck in a loading screen when transitioning between to areas (it just did not finish loading - it sounded like it did but I had to restart the game to fix it). I also loaded in once and could not move. This one might just be a problem with my laptop, but if not I thought I should mention it.Nevertheless, the story is even more intriguing as it progresses and the gameplay, though mostly the same as Black Flag's, has its own elements that make it stand out as its own game (i.e. avoiding assassins trying to assassinate you, etc...)Edit:I just wanted to mention that I did bring my graphics up a bit and I still maintain about 60 fps (once in a while it drops to 50, but that is during really intense battles). But there was one time during the story when I was taking down a man-o-war that my fps dropped to like 35ish, not unplayable but definately noticeable. Besides this, the story is coming along nicely, and I am curious to see how it will end.Story Completion:I have to say that this is an overall good game. I did experience a few bugs, all of which are mentioned above, but only a few. The story did feel a little on the short side compared to Black Flag, but it was still a decent length (about 9ish hours I'd say). Shay is a cool character and this game really ties all of the other ones together (even Liberation). It is fun and a great addition to the AC series."
,Recommended,311560,16250885,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,medavroog,InAssassin's Creed Rogue:you get to be a templar whilst still having the hidden-bladesyou get an air-rifle with silent grenade-launcheryou get dual-wield a la espada y dagayou get a gas mask to counter smoke-bombsyou get hunted by the assassins whilst hunting themyou get to use templar naval weapons for your shipyou get to explore the icy northern seasyou get to be the story that fill-in between Connor Kenway and Arno Dorianyou get to see what happened to the American Brotherhood before Connor Kenwayyou get to experience Black Flag styled gameplay with much more challengesI recommend this game.
76561198060171598,Recommended,311560,14959677,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,XTerminator,+Good story+Good Chararcters+Funny Naval Gameplay+Nice Optimization+This game shows you templars aren't the bad guys.They are fighting for the things they believe it's true.I personally loved being a templar and an assasin hunter.+++SHAY İS AWESOME++++The transformation of an assasin to a templar is well handled in the scenerio.-The story is a bit short.-İts fighting mechanics are exact same with ac4 black flag which ı dont like.This is probably one of the best ac game ı have ever played despite the short scenerio and unchanged fighting mechanics.
76561198103146476,Recommended,311560,15862635,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ImaginedMichael,"ASSASSINS CREED ROGUE -SHOW & TELLhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fezOcTRhYCEIs Assassins Creed Rogue another title where you stab, sneak and kill your way to defeat the  Templars?NO!In Assassins Creed Rogue you play a turncoat called Shay Mcormack, who has sided with templar order. You''ll cut your way through the historical setting of the seven years war! The Assassin can run, but they can't hide as you have the ability to  detect assassins in hiding.Old patterns  are done but in a different  form making playing  from the side of a templar a fresh look at the series with already well established mechanics.It bloody runs well too and it should do  as well, its the third game where they used assets from previous games with practically the same graphical settings, models etc guess third time is the charm."
,Recommended,311560,14860563,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Deezus,I like ship. Don't take it away again.
,Recommended,311560,15620602,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Vimvoord,If not the most optimized Assassin's Creed game on the PC and most important of all. It's really fun!Ubisoft did a great job with this.Edit: The game is also very strict when it comes to settings. Note that the only AA is FXAA and there is no PhysX. Anisotropic filtering setting returns and there are no performance issues with any of the settings if you have a mid-range graphics card.- There is no multiple graphics card support. (No CrossFire or SLI.)+ You won't need CrossFire or SLI to run this game smooth.
,Recommended,311560,15913372,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Damien Ramirez,"Need more Assassin's creed games like this, Unity was ok, This was GREAT!"
,Recommended,311560,14853267,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Fusou,"Finally another good Assassin's creed gameGood story Templar side this timeGraphics are great expect for the draw distanceGameplay alot like AC:Black flag with a bunch of new gadgets/weapons3 area's: Eighteenth-century New York City, Frozen North Atlantic and the Appalachian River Valley.Sea shanties!Runs smooth on max didnt get a single crash =DAI still crapStory a bit short8/10♥♥♥♥ UPLAY!"
,Recommended,311560,14914346,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Riley de la Croix,"I'm not going to tell you that Assassin's Creed: Rogue is a good game. Since AC:3 it's my firm belief that Ubisoft has gotten out of touch with what makes Assassin's Creed such a great francise. Gone are the days of mystery and intrigue, of skillful assassinations and deep character development. In my opinion AC:1 was an absolute masterpiece, with AC: Revelations finishing off Ezio's story perfectly. Since then Assassin's Creed's quality as a series has diminished. Technologically the Assassin's Creed series has flourished, with the world and people becoming much more beautiful. However the story has fallen flat, the idea of 'genetic memories' and Abstergo is being stretched thin beyond its limits. We all thought after Ezio we would finally see the modern day AC game, but that does not seem to be within Ubisofts sights. They wish to continue milking the series with progressively worse off games. Unity was a turning point for Ubisoft. If they mess up the next game, thats it for the series in my eyes.All of this aside, AC: Rogue does make me happy. It may not be technologically the best AC game, with last gen graphics and none of the improvements that AC: Unity recieved (Although this is more of a blessing considering how shoddy Unity's engine was) However AC: Rogue story once again makes me giddy to play the game, to push forward with the new character, Shay Cormac, my new favorite protaganist. He is the first Assassin to become more self aware since Altaiir, and see that the world is not so black and white, Templars and Assassins. After seeing the darkness and ignorance of Assassin's he goes off on his own, to seek his own path. This leads him to become Templar, and therefore fufill his wish to help the world and atone for his sins.Cormac is easily one of the best protaganist since Ezio, with an amazing voice actor and real emotions and a true goal. Not only that, but he is also the most well-equipped of the protaganists. Not since Ezio has an assassin had so much gear to choose from. This makes playing as Cormac exciting to play both as a stealth character and a fighter.The game also loses out on having Assassin minions but it gains the fresh mechanic of constantly being hunted by Assassins, which you must dispatch.Is Assassin's Creed Rogue a good game? That you will have to decide for yourself. As a whole it is one of my favorite in the series, with the best leading character, the biggest arsenal, fully realized naval warefare, new mechanics, and the chance to be a Templar. The story is short but intense, it took me 15 hours to complete with slight deviation, and I have barely scratched the surface with extra content, as usual AC games are satisfying to complete 100%.I have changed sides. The Templars are humanities salvation. See the world through Shay Patrick Cormac's eyes and decide for yourself. May the Father of Understanding guide you."
76561198002608069,Recommended,311560,28199826,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,"Steven""Punani""Seagal","If you must choose between Black Flag and this, get Black Flag.If you liked Black Flag, get this.If you're just looking for a game, get this.I MAKE MYOWN LUCK"
,Recommended,311560,27156101,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HapaxHog,"This game is an obvious economic repackaging of the main mechanics of AC4 Black Flag and AC3, and features a lot of the classic Ubisoft tropes and carries over many details from AC4, such as almost identical combat.That said, what is added is the most cohesive Assassin's Creed game since II, or at least Brotherhood. The wide sprawling naval and land areas are absolutely full of not only boring collectibles, but interesting activities, that stay interesting far longer than you'd expect.They obviously took the oppurtunity of developing a second-rate AAA sequel alongside AC Unity to experiment with the mechanics and formula that has defined AC for a long time, the reversal of roles as a Templar opposed to Assassins means being stalked by Assassins, having to prevent them carrying out Assassinations (a reverse of mission types such as in Revelations) and helping the British fight the French (the Ten Years war is the backdrop to the story as it is technically a prequel to AC3).Slight changes in the way you do normal mundane Ubisoft open world collection chores means it's a less tedious for a while, and the additions to sailing, mainly the ice breaker ram and the ability of enemy ships to ram and board you makes the naval part of the game feel very different whilst the regular gameplay loop of firing cannons repositioning and firing remains exactly the same.It's my opinion that the executive figures of Ubisoft will always demand the focus of their developers be on the graphical aspect of their games above all else (focus groups aside, graphical fidelity is visual and extremely easy to sell as a major plus in an otherwise mediocre program), but AC Rogue is a window into what would happen if the developers of these games were given some freedom. Turns out it wouldn't be bad."
,Recommended,311560,14821323,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bill_4780,Far better than Unity !
76561198036099526,Recommended,311560,15501880,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Colormekevin,"Basically the Anakin Skywalker arc if he were an assassin, but better written than the prequels. 10/10 would recommend if you love AC and a good storyline."
,Recommended,311560,32995509,Posted: 29 June,all,TheMrAserde,"I make my own luck. May the Father of Understanding guide us.TL;DR: If you was disappointed with the series after Revelations and want to give it a new chance, this is the game for you!I'm a huge fan of AC since the first game. The thing is that, after Revelations, the series was sufering from a lack of good story and execution. I was very, very disappointed with AC3 after I finished Revelations. From the point of the story, I felt like the whole thing about the meaning of being an Assassin and the true purpose of the Creed was totally broken.Altaïr and Ezio dedicated their lifes in the search for the truth about the humanity and their roles on it. In the end of their lives, they found that everyone have the right to make their own choices, good or bad. And by this way, the humanity could only achieve peace through freedom.This is the Assassin's Creed. That's why the Assassins are rivals of the Templars. And that's why they can't let the First Civilization rule. Because the control through power is against the nature of the humanity.And that my friends, isn't what you will really see in the games after Revelations.BUT... After a long time I finally decided to play a new game of the franchise. After barelly touching AC3 and AC4, I installed Assassin's Creed Rogue. And guys, now I will say why this game relieved AC for me:You will see the life of Shay Patrick Cormac, an Assassin on the Brotherhood of the American Colonies. His story happens before AC3 and Unity. Shay is the type of guy that do things on his own way, but he truly respects and follow the Creed. He was trained by his mentor Achilles (yes, Achilles from AC3), Hope, Kesegowaase and his close friend Liam.Achilles gave Shay one mission: to find two objects (a Precursor Box and a Manuscript) that could reveal the location of one Temple of The First Civilization. Through his journey, Shay starts to question the Creed and their way.He finds the site of the Temple at Lisbon and takes one piece of Precursor Artifact, which causes a great earthquake that kills thousands of innocent people. Furious, Shay returns to Achilles, and his doubts of the Creed are confirmed by what he just commited at Lisbon.Why the Assassins want to promote peace, but commit murder? Why the Templars are the enemies when the Assassins causes chaos by freedom? After all that, Shay, a loyal Assassin who wants peace like his brothers, becomes a Templar with the same goal, but believing that it can only be achieved with the control of the power.Assassin's Creed Rogue brings back exactly what the series was about: the conflict between freedom and power. And you will see this from the opposite side, through the eyes of an Assassin converted into Templar.In my opinion, this is the true sequel of Revelations. As a fan, I highly recommend this game to you!"
,Recommended,311560,14821397,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Very Buttery Bread,Just like AC:Blackflag but with more gagets at your disposal.
76561198166421526,Recommended,311560,29415080,Posted: 21 January,all,Lethal_Frequency,"Imagine Assassins Creed IV: Black Flag, make it twenty times better gameplay wise and story wise, and you have an amazing Assassins Creed game.That's exactly what this game is.This game was highly underrated because of AC: Unity having a close release date to it, but I must protest that this is one of the best AC games I have ever played. Not only does it add many new gameplay elements, it also has a rich story that ties in perfectly with Unity and shows and references Black Flag and AC III characters multiple times in-game, and made me cry. Maybe because I'm a baby, I don't know. Honestly this game changed my whole perspective on templars and now I'm not sure which side I support. I can't say too much because I don't want to give you spoilers, but I highly recommend you check this game out. It's worth it.10/10 would turn on the brotherhood again"
,Recommended,311560,15707543,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Ram and Scram,"Surprisingly fun, AC: Rogue is like the love child of Blackflag and AC 3. Having a similar setting and atmosphere as AC 3 while retaining the fun and freedom of Blackflag, AC: Rogue saves the series from the sadness and turmoil of Unity. And it isn't unplayably (it's a word now) glitchy, so there's that..."
,Recommended,311560,23208589,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,iwem.xo,"If you liked Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag, here's more of it!In a way similar to what Brotherhood or Revelations were to AC2, this game uses the exact same engine and gameplay mechanics as AC4, but takes place elsewhere and also adds a lot of new gimmicks and side activities. For example, since you play a Templar, you have sidequests to protect assassination targets instead of killing them. You get a silenced rifle for the sleep/berserk darts, with an extra dart type to detonate explosive barrels or attract attention to where it was shot. You also get a grenade launcher that has explosive/sleep/berserk grenades. All of this is fun to use to fool around with the enemies, who mostly aren't a challenge (unless you're always trying to not get spotted).Piracy, whaling, hunting and crafting are back, diving is gone, those super ships are in again, there's a lot more areas to explore and convoys to raid, ship weapons are mostly the same, there's more types of collectibles, and the British soldiers are your friends this time (sort of).Like AC4, it's not a game that's very concerned with stealth. There's the occasional (side) objective to not get spotted, but you can generally kill a whole street worth of dudes to escape.One annoying addition to the game: hidden assassins. You'll hear whispers growing louder as you approach an assassin who's hidden in the bushes, on the roof, or in a crowd. If you come too close, they'll dart out and stab you, then run away again. There's a LOT of these dudes, but fortunately if you kill them, they stay gone.Story-wise, it takes place between AC4 and AC3, and uses characters from both. I assume it would be pretty hard to follow if you hadn't played both AC3 and 4 before. There's a visit to another AC game later on, but it's more of a cameo. It's an absolutely non-essential story if that's all you're here for, but then they've all kind of felt like that since Ezio's trilogy ended. The way the main character defects from the Assassins and how steadfast he is in remaining with the Templars are kind of wonky, as is the main character's Irish accent. Thematically it's a new spin on things, with you hunting down your old associates, but not enough time was spent with them beforehand to really have that make an impact.The meta-story takes place in the same setting AC4 did; Abstergo Entertainment - a Templar front company. I don't think you're the same character from AC4, but it's not that clear. While AC4's meta-story had hints of what happened to the First Civilization, this one doesn't. It's honestly not essential either, but the documents you find do flesh out the backstory somewhat.So if you want more AC4, here you go. If you want the next evolution in Assassin's Creed mechanics, or a story that feels like more than a stopgap, look into Assassin's Creed Unity (pretty underrated from what I've played so far)."
,Recommended,311560,15094591,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Julveyo,"The BEST Assassin's Creed game in the series.Based on 51 hours gameplay and 92% Sync.Pro:- Story-line in both time lines with plenty of the details;- the driven character who has tired of the ""creed's"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t seeing only chaos and ruins with it;- Playing as a Templar;- Well designed missions and the logical requirement for the 100% Sync;- the graphic looks like stuck in between AC3 and AC4, pretty OK considering the size of the maps;- old, movie-style, fast combat system;- petting the animals;- huge amount of the different activities (all possible side activities from AC3,  AC4,  AC4:FC);- Haythem is back and alive.Cons:- ""I make my own luck"" -- really?;- The classic Anvil's legacy bugs with the animation, etc;- killing the animals for the craft;- North Atlantic map is too small, better to add 2-3 more space of the sea in between the lands.Verdict: Yes, take it and play. The best thing in the series after AC2."
76561198082987496,Recommended,311560,14855742,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Psygo86,"The most opimized assassin's creed game I have played!EDIT: at the request of Drakhnor, I quote 'there's no AA except for FXAA, no PhysX, less graphics options altogether and no support for SLI.'"
76561198057575998,Recommended,311560,28247804,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Pandelis,"So, basically, AC Rogue is what AC III would be like if it was running on Black Flag’s tech engine and if it wasn’t naïve – all in all that sounds promising; and it is. The show starts off as expected, with your character in the Assassin brotherhood and, predictably, disillusioned and turning to the Templars. From there on start a, regrettably short, campaign of an interesting story, that manages to portray the Templar Order from inside with a neutrality that was missing in the series. You do get to see the “other side” and you do get to see their point of view.The Templar Order is stripped of its demonic cloak and is seen as a collection of individuals, many quite honourable and interesting (hail to thee Haytham Kenway) which simply have a different point of view to the world than the brotherhood.Having played the game after Unity, I did immediately get the feeling of a step back in a technological level – the engine is lagging far behind that of Unity. The key aspects of what you saw in Black Flag are there, so everything is familiar (even the setting – a reminder of AC III). This is both good and bad, as you get that familiar tingling you got in Black Flag, however, the North Atlantic is not the Caribbean, so some of that magic is missing and additionally, you have seen it all before – so there is a weariness factor included.Sadly, there is a mismatch between the shortness of the main storyline and the overabundance of extra content, making the game seem almost like an item collection game. This is not enough to ruin the game though, and if for nothing else, just to see the other side of the story for once, Rogue is worth your cheese."
,Recommended,311560,23966637,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Donald John Trump,"One of the most underrated Assassins Creed games to ever be made.If you've played Black Flag before, things to know about this game:-Expanded map size-More weapons-More outfits-More ship upgrades-Better graphics-More side activities-Longer campaign-Haytham Kenway is in it-Adelwe is in it-Combat is slightly more difficult, giving you a challenge-This game is basically what AC3 was suppost to be"
,Recommended,311560,20631886,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,CorvusCorax,"Honestly, using AC III + IV + icebergs to sum up Rogue is not patronising, at all. Alternatively, as many have already put it in various reviews, Black Flag 1.5 is also a good alternative name for this entry of the Assassin's Creed series. Or, the way I call it, it is Black Flag Winter Edition which should be considered an expansion - if you remember this fancy word from before the introduction of DLCs and Season Passes. An expansion pack always upped the ante of the original game by adding new stuff and a bit of a higher difficulty level but - ultimately - a shorter story to complete.Now, the above means that if you really want to play something new - i.e. have the next generation Assassin's Creed experience - you have to skip this one and move to Unity where you have the next-gen graphics and the new characteristics such as new gameplay elements and a completely new storyline in a new setting. However, do bear in mind that if you do so, you'll leave two of the greatest assets of the AC series (so far) behind:1) a memorable protagonist who - unlike his predecessors before - joins the templars and kills assassins2) the naval combat that was first introduced in AC III but we saw its full potential only in Black FlagNow, Shay Cormac's story is - for me - very interesting from start to finish. The reason why he leaves the assassins and joins the templars made sense and I found it intriguing. And no, he doesn't just make up his mind and by joining the templars does not start desperately searching for his old pals from the brotherhood to eliminate them once and for all. It is a little bit more complicated than that - all the more reason to believe the assassins' and templars' ongoing (never-ending) conflict cannot be described as the story of Good vs Evil, Yin and Yang, etc. Shay's story is worth seeing it through till the very end.Gameplay-wise, at one point when you turn and join the templars strolling in various settlements becomes even more exciting - you are hunted by assassins! The hay cart, for instance, your favourite spot for hiding, can now be occupied by assassins who are constantly looking for hurting you. You will not get desynced immediately if you fail to notice them in time but their one stab can significantly reduce your health. Your Eagle Vision helps you notice them from afar and when the vision is turned on you have the same compass helping you locate them than the one you used in the competitive multiplayer mode (which is now completely missing from this instalment).Too bad the game is ridiculously easy this time. With all the easy counter system and the sleeping / berserk darts it was already very easy, however, Shay now is in possession of a grenade launcher. While two of its firing modes basically mean the same sleeping / berserk dart solution (but with area effect), an exploding grenade as the last resort is also available for you. AC couldn't have gotten any more steampunk, right?There's also an interesting activity / side mission type labelled assassin interception: you first find their target then within the allotted time you need to find all assassins. This search mainly goes for the bonus - if you are unsuccessful the would-be victim will start their walk towards their destination and while along the way you can still protect the person - you'll just have a more challenging time.The rest is pretty much the same. In fact, the creators desperately tried to introduce new stuff such as the destructible icebergs during naval battles that can harm other (mainly smaller) ships. Or the new narwal whale whose tusk is a must to craft some pretty nifty outfits / upgrades to your inventory. Since the North Atlantic map is constantly giving you the winter season it's better to remember not to swim for long as Shay can freeze to death! Also, the penguin effect looks great!About maps: comparing the game to AC III is obvious once Shay sets foot in New York. And while we - again - have two maps with lots of water only one of them focuses on the ocean. The so-called River Valley has - well - a valley with long canals and many small settlements and the area is full of hills and mountains.So, is Rogue worth the purchase?+++ Yes, 3 new maps accompanied by a new story and so far - arguably - with the most interesting protagonist this time.+++ Once again the open world is quite big with dozens of collectible items and to have everything found and obtain almost all achievements it took me 60 hours. Not bad for an ""expansion"", right?+++ It nicely connects some dots - references can be found to AC III, IV as well as for Unity.So, no negatives then? A must-have in the franchise?--- While Shay's story feels unique it is much shorter. We have half of the memory sequences now compared to previous entries in the series. Make no mistake the game has its applicable pace to tell the story (not rushed, at all) but since there are so many collectibles I would have expected the same amount of main missions, too, for accompaniment purposes.--- There's nothing really new here beside the story. Some new side missions / activities and what the winter season can add to the gameplay. It is not necessarily bad but since everything is more of the same the annoying stuff remains, too: the occasionally annoying target selection during naval battles (when you board a ship) and the too easy gameplay - there's next to no challenge once Shay gets his hands on the grenade launcher.Rogue is a must have for all AC fans! The rest of you can just decide based on above review or by reading some more - after all, while I consider this more of an expansion its price tag could be a bit lower due to the same."
76561198206532841,Recommended,311560,26378846,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,-MCT-,The best Black Flag DLC they could make.
,Recommended,311560,23119986,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dimitri Cosmos ✅,"Short verdict: this is how theBlack Flagshould've been made.AC: Roguetakes you into the story of Shay Cormac, an assassin who turned against the Brotherhood for a somewhat dubious reason and later became a master templar, destroying the Brotherhood of Colonial Assassins in the process.Some praise the character development of the main protagonist during the game. But I can't agree to that. His judgement is emotional. His inner doubts aren't revealed sufficiently. And the whole transition from an assassin to a templar feels rather rushed. I'd say Shay has the personality of a teenager and his worldview is rather naive. His willingness to do good and sense of fairness are admirable, but it's about the only side of him that is portrayed. I can accept such a flat personality in a video game, but real people are more complicated.Nevertheless, playing as a templar was a fresh breeze to the series. Especially, because having played all the previous titles, I've started to doubt the whole Assassin's cause. Only few people have the capacity to use their freedom wisely. Most people need guidance and control and the Templars offer just like that. Whether their methods are justifiable – that I doubt, but nonetheless.Roguestory takes place between the events of theBlack FlagandAC3. It ties together the characters of both previous titles: Edward Kenway, Haytham Kenway, Conor, Achilles Davenport and Adewale.This is the lastACgame created onAnvileNextengine and as such it works perfectly. You have all the usualACstuff, but at its best. For example, I struggled with ship controls in Black Flag. I had problems with manouvering and the camera. But, inRogue, it's very easy. I even took the Legenday ships down with no problem at all. Well, perhaps, this is partially explained by the fact that Morrigan is a sloop-of-war, but Jackdaw was a brig. Smaller size means greater manouverability. I felt that there are not enough dry-land areas inBlack Flagand I grew tired of the huge emphasis on naval battles, whereas, inRogueit's just the right balance. I really enjoyed exploration and taking down hostile settlements and forts.Roguehas no multiplayer. And I really don't mind it. Who even playsACMP? It's dull and gets boring soon. However, the MP's stalking and killing part was transfered to the SP and you fight AI stalkers instead of other players. I think they really overdid this, because even after taking down all the gang HQs and hostile settlements, there were stalkers everywhere. It's distracting and just too much. You can't get rid of them permanently.If you buy all the DLCs, there's really a lot of weapons, outfits and collectibles you can obtain. They all are nice and cool. But I feel that the game was artificially made longer through these optional collectible and economical missions, hiding the fact that the main story is quite short. There are only six short sequences and few short present day tasks between them. I'd say, if you ignore the collectibles, forts and outposts, you can finish the game in about 10 hours or even less.Also, with each new game released afterAC3it starts to feel more and more thatUbisoftjust sticks to a certain recipe. It's, as if the market department is the one writing the stories and deciding which concepts to keep and which to introduce. Sadly,ACstarts to feel like a generic experience.Nevertheless,AC: Rogueis my second most favouriteACtitle so far. I really liked the gameplay. The story was good, too, although somewhat primitive and rushed.My overall rating: 8.5/10"
76561198258325010,Recommended,311560,31870384,Posted: 20 May,all,The Psycho Sullivan,"This is honestly, in my opinion, the best Assassin's Creed game. It shows you the game threw the other point of view. It not only represents what the Templars are, but it makes it clear what they truly fight for. I love this game. Very recommended!"
76561198069365393,Recommended,311560,22695399,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Krogan,"Pros:1: No stupid tailing missions and the like, each main story mission is fun.2: Good characters, while some I wish had seen some more screen time, we will adress that in cons. The main protaganist, Shay, develops and chaneges a lot throught the story, questioning his path the entire way.3:Good ship combat, taken straight from AC:4 Black flag, this combat feels a lot deadlier in these northern climates, as ice bergs and the new addition of burning oil spices up naval combat.4:Good modern story, you are still a random ""researcher"" for Abstergo, but you actually have an impact this time, helping the templars dimoralize the assasins with Shay's story.5:Ties into AC 3, 4, and Unity. This game is the ultimate branch between these games, with a young Achillies from AC 3, and old Adewale from AC 4, and a special apperance from Arno's father, who is in Unity.6:Great graphics, Ubisoft really pulled off the rugged north of Vinland and the Gulf of St.Lawrence7:Playes very well into the actual historical events of the 7 years war (or the French and Indian war here in Merica), you see many prominant figures, including James Cook, George Washington and more.Cons:1:New York from AC 3 is ported straight over, and shows the lack of dev time avalible due to Unity.2:Short, if I had not 100% the game, I could have done the main story in about 6 hours.3:Characters needed more time, Characters you meet who end up dying, you are supposed to feel somthing, but you met most of them for five minutes at the beggining of the game, and then again at the end.4:The switch to Templar is way to fast, Shay goes from a Assassin to Templar in the first act of the game, so about 1 hour. I think he should have been with the creed a bit more to show why he left and to develop the other assasins.5:Collectibles, it wouldn't be an Ubisoft game without hundreds of random collectibles all over the map for some stupid outfit you will never wear.6:The hacking mini game in the real world, very tedious and boringly easy, or very hard.Overall:A good game that could have been better, if given more dev time. If Ubisoft hadn't put out two AC games in one year and just focused on Rogue then Unity, most of my cons would have been addressed. I would say pick it up if you enjoy AC games, the naval combat of AC 4 or 3, or want to see how a developer can pull of the frozen north well. Otherwise, pick this game up on sale."
76561198074562125,Recommended,311560,15648684,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Riffnugget,"I recommend this game to anybody who enjoys a great story. Amazing game.This game is very well optimized unlike Assassins Creed Unity. I get more fps than I did with Black Flag.Unfortunately there IS some texture popins and you can usually tell that the game is a console port, hence the lack of graphics options (No TXAA or MSAA, only FXAA, no Physx support, no SLI support) BUT the graphics are very decent nonetheless when cranked up.The soundtrack is absolutely amazing, best soundtrack in an Assassins Creed game in my opinion.The only thing I didn't like about the game is that its too short. Everything else, the gameplay, missions, soundtrack, mechanics, graphics etc are all perfect."
,Recommended,311560,30399926,Posted: 8 March,all,Colonel_47,"Fun mix between AC 3 and AC 4It has the colonial american setting of 3 and the naval gameplay of 4 although I personally enjoyed the caribbean more than the north atlantic. The protaganist, shay cormac, becomes a templar early on which is the first for the series besides being able to play haythem at the beginning of 3. He is one of the more interesting protagaonists of the series and it's nice to see shades of grey between the templars and assassins. Most of the naval combat is optional and there is not a lot of it during the story missions and sequences. Like most recent assassin's creed games or at least this trilogy of colonial american assassin's creed games, the non-story activities are most fun and the game is at it's best when you are not doing the same tailing or following an npc missions. I would recommend this game if you really love black flag like I do and want to have a jolly good time sailing the seas."
76561198083278573,Recommended,311560,30208734,Posted: 26 February,all,Nomicoe,"My favorite AC game of all time. Its Black Flag v2.0. Smoother, smarter, richer. Get it now, and dont even think about it."
,Recommended,311560,14942548,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Michael Sly,"The single fact that this game is optimized amazingly well for PC is worth the full price.I've played nearly every Assassin's Creed game for PC and somehow Ubisoft listened to the customers' technical issues on previous games, fixed them, and then released this masterpiece. It blows all previous AC PC games on a technical level out of the water (no pun intended) and that's no exaggeration.If you're a fan of Assassin's Creed and want to have a seamless experience, this is a must-buy."
,Recommended,311560,28400292,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Heebrial Niijima,"Listen to the Main Theme of the game, it'll tell you what kind of story your about to experience.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmlCudR3JPkOnce you've listened to it several dozen times, please continue reading the review.IntroductionIf you had the choice, to save the lives of innocents and follow your own moral code, would you do it? Or would you rather blindly follow orders?If you chose the first option then this is a story for you.Assassins Creed Rogue takes you on a journey where you cross a line and cannot return. One that pits you against the people you once called brothers. You are no longer an Assassin, and you will spill the blood of your former brothers.You are Shay Patrick Cormac, the newest of the American Templar Order.Story and GameplayAssassin's Creed Rogue is the last game in the series to be released for the PS3 and Xbox 360, this game runs on Black Flags engine and isn't as breathtaking as Unity or Syndicate. (But your on PC, so it still looks damn amazing. NOW WITH GODRAYS)Rogue is easily the best game in the series in terms of story and character. Shay is a very vocal character, he expresses his emotions and how he feels about his actions. He shows his anger, hatred, sadness and joy even more so then any other character. The story is top notch and easily is the darkest game in the series, showing betrayal and revenge in a amazing way.Gameplay wise it's made small improvements over Black Flag, ship handling and combat is the best it'll ever be in the series. Exploration is enjoyable and offers many scenic routes and views to beautiful locations. Combat hasn't changed much from AC4, with the exception of several new weapons and gadgets at your disposal.OverallI hold Rogue to be the crown jewel of the series, obviously it was completely shadowed by Unity but most who own this game will say it has the best story in the series and feels like a return to form like AC Brotherhood or AC2. The story is sadly shorter then the other entries but there is still several large areas and collectibles to grab to keep you busy for long after the story is finished.I strongly believe this game was made with alot of love from the team that made this game, because it just feels solid, fun and enjoyable. If this was given more time to make a longer story, and running on the current engine with Unity and Syndicate. This game would easily top the rest in every aspect.My rating: 9.5/10"
76561198029975814,Recommended,311560,14818072,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Absolute Ego Riot,"So far I love the game. The characters are so fresh and interesting and Shay is portrayed really well so far. I have now played 4.2 hours an definetely feel that sam addicting vibe I had from ACIV:GameplayThe mechanics are familiar to anyone who played Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag. The best way to describe it it going in methodical, but also quick so as to get 100% on missions. So far only playing as an assassin is identical to Edward Kenway in Black Flag as you start off with dual weapons, a sword and knife, but new animations are nice and its cool to see Shay fight with the smaller weapon. The parkour/movement is next to perfect as you'll occassionally wonder if you can climb some rocks or materials or simply take a few tries to climb trees or builidings. The naval battles come back again and are as fun as ever with the 4 direction shooting system being directly taken from Black Flag, which I thought did much better than Assassin's Creed III. Long story short: If you loved Assassin's Creed Black Flag gameplay combt and movement wise, you'll love this game as wellUpdate of 4.7 hours playedThe air rifle is pretty hany and I feel really cool to have. I just started getting into the Assassin hunting mechanics which are actually really fun. If you played the Assassin's Creed Multiplayer portion, you will feel at home as you have a compass whenever you are going up against assassins in which the compass will start to fill up whenevr you are close to an Assassin. You also however can be stalked by the assassins and actually do have to pay attention more than usual.GraphicsSo if you read in the community hub, you can see that a lot of people are reporting on great optimization. That may or may not be true however. This game looks nice but is hardly current gen graphics. The graphics are definitely not as high quality as Black Flag and may be in between or on par with Assassin's Creed III. The hair and textures do not look very realistic at all and detract if you look long enough at them, although you really only notice this during cutscenes. Another major complaint is the lack of antialiasing options as Ubisoft only gave FXAA, despite having MSAA and TXAA in both Assassin's Creed Unity and in Black Flag. While the game does run nicely, I would appreciate it if I could make lines less jaggy with better AA tools. Character Animations are smooth and cool to watch as you get to watch and appreciate how Assassins move and kill in this game more than before. Another big selling point about this game is again how little hardware it takes to run as I can max it out on my laptop which as an intel i7-4710hq @ 2.5ghz (3.5 turboboost) and an GTX 860m 2gb graphics card.SoundA great addition to the game is the music, as I loved Black Flag and Assassin's Creed II's soundtracks. The only bad thing I've heard music wise is just recycled sea shanties from Black Flag. I found it so great that they made a new updated version of the Assassin's Creed II song ""Ezio's Family"" (btw one of my fav songs from that game) for the title sreens and it sounds great. I also just like listening to the background music while playing, osmething I did not really remember or enjoy from both Assassin's Creed Unity and Assassin's Creed III.VerdictOverall I would recommend getting this game for now as it definitely is polished for PC and I have had no bugs yet. The voice acting is great and the characters aren't simply cutouts or meaningless cameos. The gameplay is as tight and fluid as ACIV but for sure not as pretty looking as ACIV. You also should not have any trouble running this game as it works well and is easily maxed.Update of 4.2 hours playedI just finished the assassin part of th story and wow, it was amazing. I felt real emotion and understanding towards Shay and really am excited for my days as a Templar."
76561198012789341,Recommended,311560,15401502,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Unnamed Spartan [Break them],"Perhaps the best story in the Assassin's Creed series, especially when comparing it to AC 3 and AC 4. The gameplay is very similar to AC 4, but there's some cool extra's such as an air gun with which you can fire both darts and grenades. Furthermore whilst the setting in River Valley and New York is familiar, the new locations and missions in the North Atlantic bring a new level of epic to the series. The soundtrack is simply stunning, never more so than when entangled in a massive naval battle and it was in general a very nice game to play!"
,Recommended,311560,14844926,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Volt,"Intial ThoughtsI was a little apprehensive in buying this game after AC Unity.  I wanted to skip this title because of the poor state of Unity in general upon release, but I am a fan of the series and so I blindly pre-ordered it taking yet another risk.  I can safely say this game so far is very well done.GraphicsThe frame rate seems smooth and although I expected the graphics to look no better than Black Flag, being on the same engine, I have to say the games looks better in almost every respect.  It is no AC Unity by any means, but the anniemations, physics, and details are pushed further than Black Flag with improved frame rate.  AC Rogue runs great. It is obvious the extra six months in developement for PC was worth the wait.GameplayThe gameplay is smooth and what you would expect from AC.  The game plays just like AC Black Flag. I am not saying this game is without glitches, but I have not experienced any crashes at all.  I have however jumped out of trees and landed under part of the map structure like a rock twice.  Porting out to another area solves the problem, but remains an inconvenience. I also dislike the camera view that oddly puts me out of combat at times and I must center my view to correct it.StoryThe story line is impressive and sets the transition for you to become a templar. I never thought Unbisoft would pull this story off so well after seven years of killing templars (release of Assassin's Creed 2007).  I found the story itself a little lacking in that it seemed rushed at times or like a book that has had several chapters cut out to meet a page limit. But overall, the story does what it is ment to do and it does it well. Spoiler alert, if you have played AC III, you may have some mixed feeling about this story line.ConclusionIf you have played earlier Assassin's Creed games, specifically Black Flag, you will feel right at home.  If you have only played Unity, it is a step down in just about every respect except the bugs and lack of polish found with Unity's release.  AC Rogue is designed on a dated engine for last gen consoles but it truely offers one of the best AC experiences to date.  I honestly feel Ubisoft should have pushed Unity back another six months to a year and completed the release on Rogue on all platforms rather than holding Rogue back for PC only to push Unity for next gen.  Unity was obviously not ready for release on any platform, especially PC while Rogue clearly is.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=527093179"
,Recommended,311560,35230542,Posted: 26 September,all,King Vegeta,"It's basically Black Flag, but much better optimized & not as good graphically."
76561198053215200,Recommended,311560,27975193,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TimeViewer,"Despite the complaints about this game being a ""money grab"" I've come to like it. The game is a bit short, only 6 sequences, but is a very good filler to the storyline falling between ACIV and ACIII (yay nonliniar progression of timelines!) and answers questions about characters from both games (even if you never asked them).As to the ""only 6 sequences"" issue, this isn't a major (numbered) title, fillers are usually shorter (tho no less fun)Actual things you may not like,Stalkers, someone went way overkill idiot mode with theseCaptains, Brutes, etc now take 2 or more pistol shots to kill (unlike Kenway you only have 2 shots)Your so called Allies will shoot you for being on buildings you payed to renovate or cleared gangs from, they'll also attack you for defending yourself when stalkers attack (sorry but imo this is just stupid)Things you may like,You can murder anyone except civilians, even your idiot alliesYou can berserk guards who will then attack civilians (I've come to believe my character may have started the revolution by instigating random attacks on the populace by both French and English troops)You get to kill and maim characters you've come to like and admire (ok maybe you have to be a psychopath to enjoy this but hey, it's there)Even tho it may cause desynchronisation you can zerk farm animals (or some random guy with a broom who then chases people swatting them with it)"
,Recommended,311560,15115541,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Fart of Presto,"Finished up AC:Rouge and had a good time playing the most recent chapter on PC ofHooded Parkour Man: Collect-a-thon.It was a bit rough going from Unity’s beautiful city and refined parkour, especially the “downward run” move, to go back to what is essentially Black Flag 1.5 set in a colder climate.The story is young Assassin blah blah now Templar but basically the same. While the space angel thing was toned down once again (Thank You!), it was still a big thing in the end, just like Black Flag, and especially also when you were suddenly transported back to Abstergo HQ in Canada where you then lost the ability to move faster than a snails pace. Going by what Unity has shown, this will hopefully be the last time we are seeing the present day setting and thank the higher powers for that.The main mission is considerably shorter than both Black Flag and Unity, but there are a lot of settlements and places to explore on the two maps used for sailing.Here is a list of the elements re-used from the earlier games:AC3’s New York location and huntingBlack Flag’s sailing, trading mini game and current day part/locationFreedom Cry’s restocking warehouses and POW/Slave ship battlesUnity’s alternate location scenes (Paris in lo-def)Liberation HD’s length of main storyA few good and bad points:+ Carry and hide bodies functionality is back+ Settlements, warehouses and what have you on the River/Sea maps are great side missions+ Grenade launcher is a fun weapon- Too many timer based missions- Hunting is 99% filler as most high level animals are only available at 1 or 2 locations, and only show up one at a time. You’ll end up buying materials for most craftable items."
,Recommended,311560,15498702,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,"Randy ""Macho Man"" Savage","Overall, Assassin's Creed Rogue shines bright out of the post-Desmond AC games. A combination of excellent story, the return of well proven game mechanics as well as Black Flag's incredibly successful naval combat, and a brilliant soundtrack produce a brilliant secondary title that ties together the events of ACIII-AC Unity.Story: The story focuses around Assassin turned Templar Shay Cormac. The length of the story is not nearly that of other AC titles, but is far more rewarding. Admittably, I wish they'd spent more time building an attachment to every major Assassin, but the manner in which the story shows Shay's motivation for turning allows the moments when you do have to kill an Assassin to be enjoyable. There are parts where it seemed to run on a bit, I was not nearly as engaged in naval gameplay in this as I was in Black Flag thus those sections seemed far more irritating for me. The out-of-Animus story once again takes place in Abstergo Entertainment where you will intermittently be interrupted by Templar Agents to fix a server. Not the best, but it's better than Unity's.Gameplay: Black Flag+Revelations+ACII. The game included the return of the zip line (sadly no hook blade), a new ""lift"", and the return of managing the city's economy. Of course there was Black Flag's naval combat and the movement felt identical to Black Flag. The gameplay of the ground missions reminded me most of ACII, though, possibly from the soundtrack.Graphics: Do not expect a massive improvement on Black Flag. There are areas where the game looks very nice, but other areas, such as the city you visit in the last memory, do not shine as much. Overall it is pleasant to look at, I ran it on my machine (i7, GT760, 8 gb RAM) very smoothly on max settings.Overall: I have to be fair because I was extremely disappointed in Far Cry 4 because it was just too similar to Far Cry 3. Rogue is very similar to Black Flag, but I do not share that disappointment with Rogue. While New York definitely gives off a more tropical vibe than ACIII, the game stands strong on its own. It is a fairly big world to explore that definitely looks dated when compared to titles that were not hindered by the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, but still looks remarkable in certain areas. The story, if nothing else, is what you absolutely need to experience. It is a refreshing look at both orders that might turn your opinion slightly, but more importantly, it sews together the last several AC titles."
,Recommended,311560,25954577,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,pec,"It's a combination of Ac3 and Blackflag, so if you liked them you will definitely enjoy Rogue."
,Recommended,311560,28945195,Posted: 2 January,all,Chips,"Awesome game, just finished the main story, 100% worth it."
,Recommended,311560,15649989,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Orange,"Takes the good from AC:IV and from AC:III and sucsessfully combines them together. Whilst it may have a striking resemblance to AC:IV, it adds plenty more to do in the huge (Consisting of 3 separate maps) world. Sadly, being designed for last-gen, it does limit the graphics capability, but the other elements overwhelm this lone flaw. Enjoy AC:III and/or AC:IV? If so, this is a must have."
76561198054118964,Recommended,311560,23620956,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Lord H,"Another great addition to the AC franchise, while the gameplay is definatly nothing new and basically a complete copy from Black Flag and AC 3, Rogue brings us a new perspective through Shay's eyes as he walks the path of both assassin and templar.This game benifits alot from his personality and story, along with several other characters that make your game experience totally worth the time.The story was somewhat short for a stand alone but really enjoyable to go through, meeting new characters each with their own motivations and some characters from previous games that enrich Shay's journey.The gameplay hasn't changed a bit. from combat to travel and naval battles, there's little to no changes, aside from a few new weapons and the always enjoyable naval battles now with burning oil available aswell.The territorial disputes could have been better if they brought along the territorial wars from Revelations, but oh well it is well made and it is definatly interesting to play the templar side of things.It really shows that this game suffered from Unity's release, it could have used some more attention, all things considered, Assassins Creed Rogue is still definatly a better game and experience than AC Unity, even if the graphics aren't as shiny it profits from better FPS, overall superior optimization, solid and fast gameplay without the random bugs and crashes.Assassins Creed Rogue is definatly worth the purchase, hold on buying it until a sale arrives since most of the gameplay if nothing new but the story will be worth the money, a solid title with a good story, a pity that the developers didn't give it the attention it deserved."
,Recommended,311560,14860698,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Savage89,"I have to say, this game.. is so good. Runs perfectly, great story and.. and... and ship battles <3 It is as immersive as every other AC game in the franchise. You can feel as if you are actually there experiencing Shay Cormack's life. 10/10 would play again."
76561198047742179,Recommended,311560,19378124,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,boring username,"If you really want to know some backstory and some things about AC you never knew, this is the game for you."
76561198039723688,Recommended,311560,28483263,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,I'm Probably Batman,"At first, I decided to skip over Rogue, assuming it was Black Flag DLC made full price, after the horrible aftermath of what was AC: Unity. I can not have imagined, nor believed what I was missing, until I have watched the final cutscene, at 4 in the morning, unable to stop playing until I saw it. Rogue to me, very simply put, is extremely surprising. Not since Ezio could I enjoy a playable character quite like Shay Patrick Cormac. A man simply seeking to do the right thing from the start until the end. After experiencing a very traumatic event done by his own hand, he turned his back on the Assassin Brotherhood, blaming his mentor, a young Achillies Davenport (From AC3) for what transpired. For attempting to conspire against them, they attempted to kill Shay, who was rescued hours before his certain demise by the Templar Order. The very same Order you spend game after game, hour after hour, fighting against. Rogue is the first and maybe only Assassin's Creed game where you play on the other side. You see first hand how their methods of achieving peace and order are similar and different to the Assassins. The gameplay is very similar to Black Flag, with the ship almost being the Co-Star of the game as it was previously, except you have allies in the waters alongside for once. You are helping the British fight the French in the Seven Years War, and this makes for very interesting storytelling all the same. Luckily the story is mainly set on land, for those who loathe endless upon endless of sea missions, and do not feel as boring and repetitive as the previous installments. The story is shorter than I hoped for, but if it was 100 hours long and had over 30 sequences, I would've still called it short, as in my opinion I greatly enjoyed the life of Shay, but collectibles are plentiful, and side missions are far from scarce. If you are a fan like I am of AC, do not feel the way I did, that this game could be looked over, that this was just another cash in for what Black Flag was. It is what Black Flag should have been, only with a Templar at the helm. There are new weapons, new mechanics, and new types of enemies, one's that even attempt to assassinate you. This is not a DLC, this should be considered like Brotherhood or Revelations, where one connects to the other, as this game connects Assassin's Creed 3 by the beginning, to Assassin's Creed Unity by the end. Shay's journey shouldn't be ignored, and I apologize for waiting this long to experience it. He will always be as from this moment on, my favorite Templar."
,Recommended,311560,35250468,Posted: 27 September,all,sulidos,A damn good Assasins Creed game but an even better 17th century naval combat simulator. Seriouly somehow the sailing and cannons and whatnots feel much better in this game than they do in AC4: Black Flag. Well worth the $6 it costs right now! ALSO THERES EVEN MORE SEA SHANTIES!!!!
76561198122022585,Recommended,311560,34297981,Posted: 16 August,all,teremaster,Lowkey one of the best AC games since the Ezio era. Ubisoft did something different with this and it really worked.
76561198271974420,Recommended,311560,31030186,Posted: 8 April,all,drawer3390,good gamepros+ improved ship combat+ new wepions+ fun+ playing as a templar+ good combat+ returning characters from ac4+ good storycons- very long end credits10/10
76561198045320881,Recommended,311560,14960416,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,gphunk,"Very simlar to Black Flag (which for me is a good thing). Definatey not the prettiest game out but it is very passable and finally not an absolutely god awful port to pc. A few noticable things:Graphics:+Pretty good looking+Easy to run on the highest settings-No presets (must manually set everything)-Framne locked at 60 fps from what I can tell (doesn't bother me, may bother others, and no I don't have vsync on)Gameplay:+/- combat is cut and paste from black flag+New activities+hunting feels a little better, animals are slightly more forgiving to movement (easier)+not broken (I am looking at you unity)Story (Though I have not gotten far):+Interesting so far (I want to continue playing, again looking at you Unity)+Great main character, Shay is really cool+fun crossover between games, achilles and adalwea make appearances in the first half-hour or soEngine------------God damn Uplay man-MSI afterburner (and overlay) can not be used in this game. If you want to track fps, have to use fraps, afterburner causes crashes. Took about a half hour to figure this out. If you have anything over like a 760 though you should be maxing at 60 fps anyway, so don't bother downloading fraps if you have a decent graphics card.Again game is easy to max and is unfortunately framelocked, but for comparrisson I run:i5 3570k (stock)msi gtx 970 100me8GB (2x4gb) kingston hyperx Blumsi z77 mobo"
76561198020323184,Recommended,311560,14861841,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Kenthor,"Play it! Runs very smooth, and much more approachable than Unity.One of the most playable AC games in a while. Very few bugs (haven't hit any yet). What I really like, though, is the main character. I'll come out and say my favorite AC character is Haytham, because he has *conviction*. It's what made Ezio awesome and Connor kind of meh for his lack of it. These characters believe in something and stop at nothing to achieve it, but they also use their brains. Playing a Templar is also a lot of fun, since they tend to be more than the usual two dimensional angry-man characters we get with the Assassins. I hope to see more games like this one, perhaps a bit longer, from Ubisoft in the future!"
,Recommended,311560,23567433,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,"Ragnar ""Loðbrók"" Sigurdsson","I'm not going to make a huge review even thought this game deserve it. On the short note Rogue ends the American Saga and opens the Unity game, even if the story is between Black Flag and AC III. It's a good game, the first one where you play as a templar. You find yourself spending some 10+ hours only on the main story but there are a lot of things to do, so even on full price it's worth."
,Recommended,311560,31693047,Posted: 11 May,all,Doom Whale,"Short and sweet. As one reviewer mentioned, its literally the Revelations of AC3, AC4, and Unity. It portrays Shay Patric Cormac, a person that one sees is crucial in the storylines of these 3. Also Haytham. Haytham... is still Haytham."
,Recommended,311560,14846293,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,BootlegBeer -Klutz-,"What AC3 should have been. Basically, if AC3 and AC: Black Flag had a baby, this would be it. The score is amazing and the optimization for PC is actually surprisingly well done for Ubisoft. I'm ruinning max settings at 4k with my GTX 680 and averaging 60+ fps. The Open world naval combat was my favorite thing about Black Flag, and I'm glad they brought it to the frigid waters of the American North Atlantic. If your a fan of the series, I'd definitely reccomend picking this title up, even if you're still weary over Unity and AC3."
,Recommended,311560,32848360,Posted: 27 June,all,Ｖｉｖｉｕｓ,"Pros:Storyline:I had a great grudge against Shay a few years ago, when this game came out. This was due to the drastic change from the Assassin's point-of-view to a more advanced Templar Knight pathway. I thought the game was going to a disappointment, but I was wrong. I was very wrong! This game shows you a path of the Templar, Shay Patrick Cormac. This game shows you how the Assassin's can be wrong and how the Templars can be correct to their aim. To find freedom and peace, without chaos. But due to most-likely eternal war between the two groups, chaos cannot be avoided. This game shows how a careless Assassin can become such a caring Templar. I recommend you play this game, the story line of the game is absolutely intriguing!Rating out of 10? I will give it an 8 out of 10.Cons:Bizarre in-game glitches such as:Assassination targets standing upright, even though they have been killed.Beserk darts stuttering enemies constantlyBut these are minor problems, other than these issues, I really recommend this game to people who want a diferent view on Assassin's Creed."
,Recommended,311560,30815523,Posted: 29 March,all,Xander,My favourite AC. Always wanted to play as a Templar and Rogue did it very well.Much better optimization than the other AC's too.
76561198214794028,Recommended,311560,15119059,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,I Have To Poop,"This is essentially Assassin's Creed Black Flag 2. It's a decent PC port, and it's better and cheaper than Unity."
76561198061227689,Recommended,311560,15733875,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Anteren,"Spoiler free!:Amazing game if you love exploring and sidequesting! You have to love ""clearing"" cities and other locations, as you will be doing this alot! I allso recomend going for the deluxe edition with the DLC packs as they do save you a lot of time and frustration. Allso adds a lot of options for making your ship and character more ""personal"". The game have the old mele-combat-system from ""AC III"", however you do get some awsome new wepons and the pistol setup from ""AC 4"". The controles are a bit different but you adapt quickly. And I will save the ship to ship combat for you to explore yourself. I personally love this and want a DLC that gives you the ability to have the ""Jackdaw"" in the harbor next to the ""Morigan"" just to change things up a bit. Allso a new seamap with much more shipwrecks ice and exploring type elements would be lovely, as that is exactly what this game is all about.The storryline was not the best, but it worked. It was a short one though, need them to be longer next time. You sometimes become a bit bored of the main missons, however that is totaly fine because of all the exploring and sidequesting you can runn off and do :)One more thing I like about this game is all the refferences to other AC games.I this game there is only one ""proper"" city. However, it fitts the bill perfectly for uss that lovet the ""Ezio"" series. Lots of small streets landmarks, tall and smal buildings, and perfect rooftops, no nocense! However I do still miss the by and refurnish part when it comes to stores and banks. There is one realy effective way to set your personal marking on the cities, towns and other locations, and it is a good one. But I would still realy love to have some more ways of doing this. Also bringing back the factions like brothels and thieves would be cool. I do see some of the tricks from the old games in the game, but not the full tricks, just references to the other games during missons.My conclution for this game is that it is great when it comes to sidequesting, detracking and exploring. But the storryline could have been better and the main missons could have been more ""interesting"", however the plot is GREAT! The combat system is sometimes a bit slowish, maybe work on making it more fps friendly and making the reaction-time shorter. Allso it is great to have a lotof tools at your disposal. But maybe you should calm down a bit on the amount of sidearms one can have. You tend to get a bit overpovered sometimes. Ship combat system is great! But I do miss a way of making the ship quicker in combat(Maybe some purchesable upgrades, better sails, more sails, oiled ship, new mast, ect). I felt like I allways had just a little less speed then what I needed. However, same does not gofor turning, turning is perfect! I loved the exploring part, but for a game focused so much on exploring the ice I still feel like I got to little. More frosen water and ice please! As with both ""AC 4"" and ""AC Rogue"" I feel like we need the oportunity to bring bigger ships to the playground, maybe a DLC for a bigger ship at your diposal or something like that(but no ""Man O' War"", too OP). Allso miss some of the better elemnts of the old games. Maybe something for the next full game? I am left behind with a possitive feeling of this game and I do definetly recomend it. However do not try to save money on the limited game. These games do work best when you have all the content. Allso for the players that have never played ""AC"" before I do not recomend this to be your first. I recomend you play ""AC II"" first, then ""AC III"", after this ""AC 4"", and then this game. If not then i do struggle to believe you will understand the storryline and the plot.4 out of 6(Yes, this is lowish, however the game is still great. It is just the fact that it could have been som much better)"
,Recommended,311560,27993848,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sha|)ini0,"Long story short, if you enjoyed Black Flag, you'll enjoy this one!"
,Recommended,311560,14943008,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,happyvista,"TL;DR: Main story is short and predictable, but it is definitely worth the buy.Only 2 hours in, and this game is great. The mechanics are very similar to Assassin's Creed IV, and it plays well on my build, maintaining 60 fps on ultra.Do yourself a favor. Buy and play AC III and AC IV, then buy this game instead of AC: Unity.8/10 would turn templar again.Edit: 12 hours in. Game is still great.9/10 would continue to templar further.Edit 2: Okay, I have finally finished the game. The concept is very interesting. It lets you see the side of the AC universe from the Templars view. The ending is very preditable and let climactic than the other AC games, but overall it was a good experience. I'm glad I picked this game up, and I will continue to open all the chests and fragments until I get to 100%.One thing that did bother be about this game was the weapon variety. The airgun is cool, as it comes with darts and grenade, both with different kinds that you can load into your weapon. However, the darts are a simple one person shot, while grenades are an AOE kind of shot. It was kind of sad to see that this huge potential of a new weapon was short-cut with an AOE and single target option, but it still was fun to experiment with it.Despite the game's main story being fairly short, it was still extremely fun and it held my attention. Overall, this game is a 8/10, would turn templar and collect the metric ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of collectables again."
76561198282256795,Recommended,311560,25600135,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Koell,Better than unity
,Recommended,311560,28878315,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Vex,"This one was of the best AC games for me, heres why I liked it.1. Shay was such a good character all together, he really felt like the Protagonist that AC needed for once!2. The Game was basically a mix of AC3 and Black Flag (Literaly) and those two were also favorites of mine!3. Old characters return such as haytham, adawale, achilies, and others!4.  It felt like a fresh breath of air to play as a templar and kick some assassin butt5. Shays story was very intresting as well, he has been throguh so much and still refuses to quit.Now heres some cons..1. The game was TOO SHORT with a whopping 6 sequences2. There is absolutly NO trace of shay after Rouge3. Lots of Recycled content"
76561198144588895,Recommended,311560,31290087,Posted: 21 April,all,Jizzmo,Assassin's Creed Rogue was a great game with reasonably good character development. It did not get the fame it deseverved due it releasing on the exact same day as Assassin's Creed Unity. The game wasn't as much of a failure as Unity but did still have some bugs and glitches here and there but that's what they get for releasing two games in one year.Pros:~ Differant take on the side your on (Your a Templar in this game)~The feels of AC Black Flag~Improved combat system compared to black flag~Good story plot (could have been better if they put more effort in)~You can understand Shays point of view for why he is no longer an Assassin~Large map~SPOILER - The game ties in with Unity not in a very big way but still pretty neat~The graphics are 'ok' but it makes it easy to run and enjoy~Game didn't crash a single time (i'm on windows 10)Cons:~Still buggy (still an easily playable game)~Some underdeveloped characters that deserved more of a back story~Too short of a campaign (would take 12 hours to finish the main storyline)~Too many collectibles (a little bit lazy there ubisoft)Do I recommend this? Yes. It is a great game that is definetely worth the $22.95 au. The game has a good plot but to get the full potential out you gotta play some side missions aswell. There are still bugs but they most of them aren't noticable and don't effect you horribly.
,Recommended,311560,14900120,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Chairman_,"This game is definitely a must play for any Assassin's Creed fan who enjoys both it's rich narrative and insanely addicting gameplay. I think it's best to compare to AC Liberation. Liberation introduced a character tied to Connor Kenway in AC3, much like this game introduces a character connecting to Haytham Kenway, Adewale, and Achillies Davenport. I feel that, in terms of lore, this game holds a lot more weight than Liberation and is overall a more polished and envigorating experience. It returns to the excellent naval gameplay of AC4 whilst bringing back some favorite characters from AC3. In addition, Shay Cormac allows us to experience the Templar Order in a new light. When we got to play as Haytham Kenway in AC3 we got a glimpse at what the Order was really about and how their goals aren't so different from the assassins. Shay offers this same opportunity - as players used to fighting for the assassin cause, Shay enables us to question their true motives, making for a really interesting story.This game was really overshadowed by Unity in many ways. With Unity being the 'bigger' title of the year, Rogue was out on it's own plane. As one who has finished both games, I can honestly say that Rogue is better in almost every way and it's seriously underrated. I hope that this game gets more attention because people deserve to know that this game carries great weight in the AC universe and it's concepts could and should be given the opportunity to return later on in other games to continue to delve into the understanding of the ideological war between Assassin and Templar."
76561197976217524,Recommended,311560,27943912,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Given,Must-have if you like Black Flag
,Recommended,311560,24700150,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Aurumlamina,"I'm sure at this point we all have an idea of what Assassin's Creed is and if you're thinking of playing Rogue it definitely wouldn't make sense to start at this point in the series.  As such, I'll make this short, sweet, and specific to Assassin's Creed Rogue without referencing the series standards and avoiding any spoilers.Rogue is easily my favorite entry in the series.  Shay Patric Cormack, the protagonist, is a fantastic, deep, well-written character that I found that I could really empathize with.  Unlike previous titles, you see this story from the opposite side, the side of the Templars as opposed to that of the Assassin Brotherhood.  The characters around you, on both sides, are realistic and enjoyable and you'll also cross paths with several series fan favorites during the course of the story.  My only complaint is that it was rather short, I completed it in about ten hours, though, I was mostly doing the main quest line and only doing side quests when I encountered them on my way between missions.I highly recommend this game to fans of Assassin's Creed as it really is a fantastic game that I was very impressed with.  The game mechanics were spot on, the characters were great, and the story was truly unique, brining an inspired take on the universe that outdid any other in the series in my opinion.  If you enjoyed any of the series, this one really is a must-play."
76561198093911712,Recommended,311560,14843908,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Solmyr,"Did you like AC 4: Black Flag? Well, I have good news for you: basically, this game is a improved version of BF.A different perspective of the gameplay and storyline. You play as a Templar and it influences gameplay as well (for example, instead of assassination contracts, where you had to kill one target, there is assassination interceptions when you do the opposite, which feels really refreshing).Instead of dull and boring Edward Kenway, we have Shay Cormac - harismatic and deep character that has more morality than his ""predecessor"".Instead of mainstream caribbean, we have North Atlantic sea with it's icebergs and snowy forests. Love it.Naval combat was also improved - Shay's ship has now mechanical gatling cannons and burning oil barrels.Beautiful music.Even though I enjoy this game a lot, I would reccomend buying it when it's -25% or more off the original price."
,Recommended,311560,30902935,Posted: 2 April,all,Colonel Himmlestache,You get to kill the French and help the British Empire
,Recommended,311560,15992990,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Orimis,"After recently playing Unity and being extremely disappointed. I'm pleased to say Rogue has been amazing so far! Great fresh story line, in-depth real world story line outside of the animus (as opposed to Unity's bland nothingness) and naval combat is back!Alot of good parts from AC 3 & Black Flag seem to have made it into this game along with having an interesting Main character in Shay, (hes not a French Ezio *Cough* Arno *Cough*) I'm really enjoying Rogue. Can't wait to finish it this week.Way better than Unity."
76561198061912207,Recommended,311560,23002783,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,CastleZ,"This game like AC4 + snow. I love AC4 more than this game, however it's still fun."
,Recommended,311560,22315518,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Astore,"""So, I am an Assassin with a grenade launcher, for stealthy reasons... when do I get to be an assassin with a dog as a way to distract guards?""Following up after AC IV: Black Flag it had a high competition and managed to, at least, not disappoint me.The story is well written, if you played AC III and AC IV, as well as AC IV: Freedom Call, before you should already be familiar with most of the characters and get a much deeper insight into their backgrounds.I could not entirely agree with the ways the story went, the characters are all pretty stubborn so no surprises on their decision makings. Overall pretty linear.The real world part was fun in between, those little puzzles were always good for some change. But why were there 21 Computers of 20 you have to hack?Overall well made but nothing really new. Most weapons are already known, but work well, and the new weapon, the airrifle with the grenade launcher were a blowpipe and bombs in previous games.Finished it in about 13 hours with some of the secondary objectives done. Completion rate: 50% at the end of the story."
76561198133629922,Recommended,311560,23037175,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Gregar,"After ACIII and Black Flag, Kenway saga is ongoing in this game but this time you are playing templar Shay. After playing all ac series, i need to accept to playing templar is more fascinating and enjoyable. Shay is hunting them and taking vengeance. Main menu theme soundtrack is awesome. Legendary ship battless are amazing and templar outfits more charismatic and stylish. I was planning to start tu unity after complete black flag but i saw in the market. There will be sale again, Rogue and unity packet at low price. Don't miss it. This game is looking like snack between black flag and unity. Give it a chance. Don't try to finish it quickly. Shay's story will take you away and maybe at the end of game, you will be hater of assasins and become most dangerous templar. There is a huge three different maps. Its wonderful feeling and eye show at sunset traveling with your ship throught to ice mountains. Buy it (in sale if you can), you will not be regret for this ;)"
,Recommended,311560,33132641,Posted: 2 July,all,♰ Noxah✨Nukem♰,"I decided to get this game because it has it's main story in it. The main story really connects to all the other games as to this one. I love this game so, so much. It's one of the creeds game you must play."
,Not Recommended,311560,33426389,Posted: 10 July,all,Dumblydore,"Black flag, but shorter, less story, and no pirates. 5% bugs, and undeveloped characters, 95% pointless collectibles and teasers for AC: Unity."
76561198013778445,Recommended,311560,14837568,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Kiatro,"I bought Assassins Creed Rogue and Assassins Creed Unity, and I can honestly say that Rogue has:-A WAY Better Story-Better Weapons-Less Bugs-Better Main Character-FINALLY SOME MORE 1st PERSON GAMEPLAY IN ABSTERGO!"
,Recommended,311560,35228772,Posted: 26 September,all,Loafus Crambuckle,Actually runs on PC.
,Recommended,311560,22104684,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Antwog,"Assassin's Creed: Rogue, released in 2014, is a game published by Ubisoft and developed by Ubisoft Sofia. Rogue is a fictional and historical third person action-adventure game set a year after Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag. Rogue is set in the French and Indian War of 1754-1763 that consists of the French Army, Native American Army, and British Army. The two main factions in the game are the Templar Order and the Assassin Brotherhood. The game is seen through the perspective of the Templar Order and played through Shay. You, the player, play as Shay Patrick Cormac, a tough and confident Assassin and Templar. The game is a very solid game that has a good story, a very strong set of side missions and excellent technical performance.Rogue has a good story. It takes you through the period in-between Assassin's Creed III through Achilles and Haytham Kenway and Black Flag through Adewale. It's your typical AC story. Whoever you may be you are to find the Pieces of Eden with shocking outcomes based off those artifacts. Shay, who mainly plays alongside Haytham in the later stages of the game, is in a race essentially against the Brotherhood. The missions are fun. The graphics spice up the atmosphere of certain missions while the naval combat enhances the game because there are missions in the ocean, allowing the game to have a nice balance with land and sea missions. I completed the game in 19 hours and 45 minutes so I would assume I completed the main story within 15 hours. I will note players can probably get at least 40 hours of the game. But, I would say the campaign was rushed in certain parts notably the ending. The ending was solid but not better because the story overall was limited. The game concluded stories including the story of Hope and Shay but it could not complete other stories such as Achilles because the game was set before Assassin's Creed III. The final cutscene was interesting but again it did not close the story with Shay particularly, it just left it open to interpretation, which I felt was not the right ending.The side missions were excellent because the side missions actually added to the game. There are a boat-load full of content in the game, which is great too. But, tons of current games feature side missions that are filler to add playability to the game. However in Rogue, the side missions add further to the background of the series and have other stories that cover situations within Abstergo Industries among other missions. For instance, you, the unspecified player working in the Animus in the game, have to fix the cores of the computers with a mini-game and once completed you garner a nice and simple video that discusses things within the company such as events that had occured. The stories for example are nothing extreme though they do add some context to the company's operations or the first civilisation, and so forth. As for my experience, I completed 52% of the game, which is the main story and some other content. I do not find the incentive to play more of the game because the main story is finished, that is the only reason. If the main story was not finished I would have played through most to all of the content in the game.The technical performance is extremely stable and smooth in Rogue. In comparison to ACIII that was released two years prior, this exceeds the performance of that game in every aspect. I achieved a constant 55-60FPS throughout the game whereas in modern times I achieved a stable 30-45FPS. In ACIII I was on a 45-60FPS for the majority of the game and 15-25FPS for modern day. I praise the developers for successfully optimising this game as this was a port from Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.The game featured good new characters in Rogue but also characters that you come to expect from Black Flag and III. Shay is a great character with his mannerisms and his brilliant voice acting. Shay's dialogue is strong because he is very confident in his actions, particularly his saying of 'I make my own luck'. His voice acting meets the different circumstances in the game. For instance, if he was bleeding from the stomach and he had dialogue you could tell the difference as he would struggle to speak. If Shay was angry you could tell in his deeper voice tones. This was something that lacked in ACIII as many characters in that game had a a lack of variety in voice tones. The other new Rogue characters are good. Hope is a standout with her elegant personality and her viciousness in action.The only negatives I encompassed with the game were minor. A notable glitch was the sound. Frequently throughout the game there would be a double sound for animations such as in the sword fighting. Secondly, accessing the naval campaign was annoying because there was no simple entry into it like in previous games with their variations. The naval campaign is contract based, equal event to brotherhood missions in previous games. Again though, nothing major but a slight annoyance. There were other very minor bugs but are not big enough to list them as I noticed them maybe twice.Overall, AC: Rogue is a good game. It was not a good game but it was not average. The story in Rogue was good but had an abrupt ending. The side missions in Rogue were awesome and added a lot of context to the background storylines of the series. The technical optimisation is a hit as the game was smooth and stable throughout. The characters were really good adding a vast mix of personalities from previous games and a line of new characters. I would recommend this game. At $32.95 I would recommend a full purchase because it really is a nice game that has not many issues at all. I would not recommend the Digital Deluxe Edition at full price but if on sale I would recommend. 7.5/10Thanks for reading my review! If you like my reviews and care to read more, feel free to join Antwog's Analysis (Reviews).http://steamcommunity.com/groups/AntwogReviewsIf you have questions comment below or post in Antwog's Analysis (Reviews) general discussion page. If you liked it, give it a rating."
,Recommended,311560,14877757,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Bunyan,Awesome game. Love the see it through the eyes of a templar aspect. Also it mixes elements from AC3 and Black Flag which is neat. I'm only roughly 1/3 of the way done though but I'm already loving the game. I've only noticed two bugs and experienced no crashes. Bug 1 was a dead body flew 2 stories into the air and crash landed. The second is a deck hand glitched off the ship during a battle and fell into the water and died lol. *Spoiler* I like the going Rogue aspect in this one but I side with the assassin's in all the games. This one though I lean twords the templars. Not because of the point of view. but because the Assassin's in this game kinda act like jackasses.
76561198054761189,Recommended,311560,26094503,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,PureLogicSpock,"Not a very long game, took me about 16h to complete (would take more if I cared about achievements, 100% and stuff). However, it has a great plot and it's a great game! I've played Black Flag as well and at first was told that it was basically the same game. It sure has a lot of similarities, specially because of the time both games are set. But I really liked this story and think it complements greatly Black Flag.Now I'm off to play Unity and then Syndicate."
76561198201983857,Recommended,311560,29555691,Posted: 28 January,all,esketit,black flag 2
,Recommended,311560,24634494,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Widsnes,"It's a ""shayme"" this game is so short because its one of the strongest Assassin's Creed games by far."
76561198030399546,Recommended,311560,29614195,Posted: 31 January,all,chinacross76,"Such an underestimated and underrated game!Launched at the same time as Unity and completely swamped by its marketing, you'd think it wouldn't be very good as you might have missed that it was actually launched. Its a mix of AC3 and Black Flag with a story from Team Templar POV. IMO its one of the best AC games.Its a pity Ubisoft didn't launch it for 'Next Gen' consoles as well. A lot of people will be missing out.Well worth the money!"
,Recommended,311560,34374266,Posted: 20 August,all,Fred2000,"I am a bit torn here. For the most part, this is an enjoyable AC. Gameplay is extremely similar to Black Flag, which on the one hand is fine, as Black Flag was great, but on the other hand it does feel like a repeat.The main distinguishing feature is that your assassin switches sides to the Templars, so you get to see things from their perspective. While the idea is cool (and they actually give the protagonist a good motivation to abandon his original cause), it just doesn't make much of a difference. You're still doing the same stuff, and you're still playing a likable character with strong morals. The only real differences are that you now occassionally get ambushed by assassins, and that there is a side activity where you try to prevent a target from getting assassinated.Story wise, the game ties AC 3, Black Flag (including Freedom Cry), and Unity together. You get to see some familiar places and faces, which is cool.On to the bad stuff.The game has serious quality control issues. This is absolutely disgraceful for a major company like Ubisoft. The game crashed to desktop every 15 minutes on my Windows 10 machine. This turned out to be a known issue that Ubisoft just can't be bothered to fix. (A workaround that the community found is to disable the TabletInputService service. No thanks to Ubi for that one, but it does work.) I've had to restart one mission 6 times because a target kept spawning into the ocean. I've had a checkpoint respawn me in a completely different location, requiring me to travel all across the world map to get back to the mission. I've had autotravel permanently disabled. I've had combat animations triggered without an opponent. Etc. Apart from the crash to desktop none of these were game breaking, but they shouldn't exist in a 2.5 year old title from a major company.Otherwise it's mainly the same old annoyances that we're familiar with from other ACs. Abstergo segments that nobody cares about. Lots of pointless collectables. Lots of ""puzzles"" that require no thought, but do take up time. Free running controls that occasionally make you jump into an abyss, or climb a random object, even though you clearly didn't want that.A final annoyance is that after the main mission, you are forced to sit through the entire credits sequence, with no possibility to skip. And Ubi credits are always insanely long. Hope you want to know the names of the HR manager of Ubisoft Bucharest, the ""Associate Manager, Shopper Marketing"", and ""Director, Security & Risk Management"", because you will have 18 minutes and 27 seconds of that kind of nonsense to look at.In conclusion, AC Rogue is a pretty good AC, but it's very similar to Black Flag, and Ubisoft really doesn't care about customer experience."
76561198070879619,Recommended,311560,32848982,Posted: 27 June,all,GTStone,"I much better entry to the series than I was expecting. I thought it would be a shorter game, like Liberation, to placate those of us who were sad to be turning in our silly naval hats for french breeches. Not only was I entirely wrong about the length (it is, in fact, a full game), but I was surprised by how quickly I was able to get on board with killing some assassins. Shay proved to be a somewhat deeper character than some, with conflicting emotions regarding duty to a cause and desire to build a better life for himself and those he cares for, which made the premise easier to get behind. They did a much better job than some of the titles in the series of making all the allies and enemies a little more well-rounded, instead of sneering villains, like they used to be way back in the beginning. Plus, it's always nice to see Hatham again."
,Recommended,311560,32959192,Posted: 28 June,all,Fyndir,"Not a bad game to pick up on sale if you enjoyed Black Flag and want something that is more of the same with a few tweaks, the story was alright but didn't feel as special as some other AC games, especially Black Flag, by the time I was done I felt as sick of ""I make my own luck."" as I was of ""arrow in the knee"" and ""stole your sweetroll"" in Skyrim.In terms of game balance as it was in Black Flag so it is in Rogue, the various poison darts can completely dominate the majority of challenges the game puts in your path.  Berserk darts allow for methodical zero combat clearing of ridiculous numbers of enemies, and this time you're limited to two pistols.  Speaking of pistols, to get what seemed to be some of the better pistols in the game you have to collect all of an item in the real world / abstergo portions of the game, but these can only be accessed towards the very end of the story, rendering them a little pointless.Similarly the better swords are locked behind the naval campaign which is a slow steady plod of waiting half an hour then starting the next mission then waiting slightly longer to start the next etc and ultimately is pretty unrewarding since the primary rewards are money.  Money is absolutely no issue in this game once you pass the point where you access the bank and renovations, in fact I wasted money deliberately by buying the vast majority of the animal items I needed for crafting and still never felt a lack of it, meanwhile I was scrounging for basic materials for ship upgrades and wishing I could just buy them to diminish my ridiculous fortune of tens of thousands of british pounds in the 1700s, likely equating to millions in modern terms.The ending felt a bit rushed, we get the final abstergo sequence, a short story ending which is a bit dull and pedestrian by the standards of the rest of the game, and then credits roll (and roll, and roll, and roll if you let them, lot of people worked on this game) before you're dumped back on a dock to freeroam and finish collecting things for achievements if you so wish.Overall it is good, but not great."
,Recommended,311560,29342620,Posted: 18 January,all,Charlie Fi5hykins,"Assasins Creed is an action-adventure game that was released in 2014, and is the follow up to Black Flag. People are known to slate the game for its similiarities with Black Flag, but I honestly believe that the combat and naval mechanics in Black Flag were too good to throw away. I did indeed play Black Flag and loved it, and despite the mechanics being very similar to Rogue I still loved it to bits and there was no part in the game where it felt boring.The graphics for Assassins Creed Rogue are of an A rated standard, but there are a few issues that I came across. As with Black Flag 2560x1080 was not supported despite being in the options, so I had to install a quick fix to begin playing the game, but apart from that I experienced no crashes whatsoever whilst playing this game. The only graphical issue that I had with this game was the lack of anti-aliasing that this game had. In Black Flag you had a selection of anti-aliasing options to choose from to smoothen out those jagged edges, but you only have the option to enable FXAA, which leaves rather noticeable jagged edges on objects such as rope and fences, but this isn't too noticeable on characters and will not effect your experience to a high degree. The game runs smoothly however and no stutters or lag spikes were detected.Now time to talk about the good 'n' juicy bits of the game. New combat mechanics were implemented such as new ship upgrades and customization options which weren't featured in Black Flag. You can have a nostalgic trip by purchasing some of the iconic ship customizations that were available in Black Flag, but other than that all of the customization options are unique, and they haven't just dumped old content into this lovely game. New naval mechanics have been added such as the ability to leave oil trails in the ocean and set fire to them to roast your enemies (Water+Oil=Fire?) and the pucker cannon can now be freely aimed, allowing you to take out poor old icebergs and take out drunken pirates who try to oppose you.Enemy ships can now ram into you, and begin to board your boat, so you get a taste of your own medicine in a sense, as you will be forced to defend yourself.You are also not able to go to the harbour master and reset your wanted rating like you were able to in Black Flag, so the only way to escape those blasted pirate hunters is by hit and running.Some new weapons have been added to the game such as the shrapnel, beszerk and sleep grenades, which gives you a larger variety of ways to take out your enemies.For those players out there who are into helping out lil' NPCs then you can now renovate buildings all around the world to let pirates have fun and commit debauchery.The world itself is of huge scale so theres plenty of ocean for you to trek around in whilst singing shanties, but I felt that the world was rather monotonous, and besides the naval combat there wasn't really much purpose landing the anchor and exploring the world, unless you were interested in crafting. The world is beautifully designed, but the lack of interactiveness around the world and side quests meant that the only compelling part of the game was the story.The story completely made this game for me, as it allows you to have a perspective from the Templars side, and their understanding on the world. The story was exhilarating to play through and the compelling protagonist made the game a delightful experience to play through. The Abstergo plot was also interesting and gives you a better insight on the Assassins Creed lore.This is the second game in the AC series that I have played through and I will most certainly be playing through the next game in the series. Ubisoft definitely know how to produce a game and I respect them for putting time and effort into their games and producing content that their fans want to see, which is rare for game developers to do these days."
,Recommended,311560,27963789,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mario Pavlovich,So far this is the best AC game i've played. It gives you different perspective of battle inbetween templars and assassins.
,Recommended,311560,15089991,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,nusensei,"It's ironic how Unity was promoted as the big next-gen game while Rogue was underplayed as AC 4.5 for current-gen. As we've seen in the past few months, Unity has flopped horrendously while Rogue has stood out as a worthy successor to the AC franchise. Sadly, much of this is mostly because Rogue is simply NOT Unity.The fact of the matter is that Rogue WORKS. The game is pretty much an extension of Black Flag. It doesn't change much, if anything, but that isn't a bad thing. Black Flag was exciting. Great soundtrack, fast-paced combat, huge world and naval exploration. Rogue has a somewhat smaller scale, but has more areas in New York, the North Atlantic and North America. But it has the same charm and the same feel. Perhaps it could've used its setting more effectively - lots of locations aren't used and New York is mostly a backdrop to several story missions, while Black Flag took you everywhere. But it's still better than Unity.The story works well too. Ubisoft seems to be trying very hard to make memorable characters like Ezio but in the span of only one game compared to the AC2 trilogy. Shay Cormac is a relatable character - not as epic as Ezio, but within the constraints of only one game, Shay's story comes across very nicely. Sure, it's a token rogue story, but Shay pulls it off really well, going through the moral conflict, becoming jaded with the Assassins and becoming an integral part of the Templars.Perhaps the most underrated part of Rogue is how it connects the AC universe together. It brings back Black Flag and Freedom Cry through its heritage of older characters. It serves as the prequel to ACIII, with references to George Washington, Haytham Kenway and the fall of Achilles. And, as an extra bonus, it links into the events of Unity. If anything, Rogue stands out by making the other AC games better. The supporting ensemble complement Shay nicely, making the cinematic experience more enjoyable than Arno's attempts in Unity.The modern-day story is also very well developed. You are once again an Abstergo Entertainment employee, but this time under the control of the Templars directly. It introduces new supporting characters and a whole new aspect of the modern story while retaining the familiar setting from Black Flag, It really does play out as a sequel to Black Flag, and is executed far more fluidly than Unity's excuse for a modern story. In fact, it seems that Unity was made by Abstergo rather than Ubisoft as a ploy to make Assassin-based games utter crap while making Templars games really good.And that would make a good plot twist.Ultimately, Rogue stays true to a working formula. There are elements that don't make a lot of sense, but we've come to expect that from open-world games and the series. The story is satisfying, the gameplay is sweet and the soundtrack is epic. Surely, there can be no greater nostalgia trip than when you open the menu and hear Ezio's and Connor's themes mashed together. Rogue respects the series and in turn forms a deep bond with everything that came before it. Perhaps it is a greater unifier than Unity."
,Recommended,311560,15121073,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Skylers Meth,"A sequel to AC3 and AC4 and a prequel to Unity, Rogue takes the Black Flag high seas adventure and gameplay style and runs with it, streamlining almost all problems out and adding some new elements to the AC series. If you were bored towards the end of BF and wonder if starting what is essentially BF2 will keep you interested, wonder no more as it should suffice. This is no DLC or add on, it is a fully fledged AC game with at least 40 hours of gameplay. There are two giant open sea maps to explore and an update to AC3's New York area. There's dozens and dozens of small coastal towns, green foresty areas with hunting challenges (all pretty easy unfortunately) ice fields, ice bergs, forts to conquer, whaling from BF is back, no underwater areas this time though, or at least that i've seen so far. The voice acting is top notch, apart from the hilariously bad performance of your first mate. The guy sounds like he's taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥ The fact that the game is a port of the 360/ps3 version and not a port of a xbox1 game like BF was, means that certain graphical elements are left out. It still looks great though for the most part, though no where near what Unity represented graphically. Highly recommended AC game. 9/10"
,Recommended,311560,15630645,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,OwNaGeV2,I absolutly love this game.The textures are great. Its similar to black flag which i loved because its much diffirent and bigger as it is a open world and brings a new demention to playing!
76561198231961236,Recommended,311560,35147952,Posted: 23 September,all,Ghost of Olympus,"To be honest I only bought this game becuase it was on sale. The game is very similar to AC Black Flag howver it doesnt't have the same good graphics. The story is mediocre but it has its moments. It was a fresh idea to see an assasin revert to a Templar especially since this time you actually start with the assasins faction in the story unlike Haytham kenway.Also seeing old characters we love from different assasins creed games was a nice touch reminding us how the stories sometime actually meet at some point in time. Be warned though, the graphics is something to yearn for, which is sad that they didn't up the graphics for PC."
,Recommended,311560,14858038,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,I am lonely send help,My favorite Assassins Creed game to date. Extremely unpredictable ending. Great main character. The voice acting is hit and miss but for the most part good. I ways liked the Templars better than the assassins anyway.9/10
76561198133060959,Not Recommended,311560,17195860,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Couillon,"When taking off the rose-tinted glasses of how much this game was a success was from the shadow of Unity (basically, this game actually worked whereas Unity didn't), what we're left with is a game that, though it plays decent, fails in the sense of story. It added many new weapons from its predecessor (Black Flag), though the only one which was actually really *new* was the grenades, and added an admittedly interesting gas mechanic to the game. It also was much more filled and felt significantly less grindy than Black Flag; these were all great improvements to the series from the previous title, but unfortunately, these are the only positive things I can say about this game. What this game made up for in being playable, it lost in a dissapointing lack of charm.**The remainder of this review contains massive spoilers, referrencing the end of the game**Either due to false marketing on the community's behalf or on Ubisoft, we're lead to believe that the main character, Shay, is the victim of a massive betrayal and seeks revenge against the brotherhood. This story sounded interesting, and for many of us, it was the first time we'd see the story from a Templar's point of view. Or at least, that's what I expected, but not what I recieved. Shay was never the victim of a betrayal, but rather the victim of a mistake in which no one was guilty. Rather than confront his Mentor about what he witnessed, which would be the logical thing to do, Shay gets unrealistically emotional about the situation and blames everything on his Mentor. He then consciously decides to betray his brotherhood, and is retaliated against accordingly.What follows isn't a story of revenge against the backstabbing brotherhood, but rather a convoluted scheme to stop a man who ends up listening to his own conscience in the end anyways, rendering Shay's entire mission completely pointless. He decides, for no other reason than one of the British officers was nice to him while he was injured, to help his hated rivals, the Templars, and eventually join their Order and assist the British in winning the Seven Years War.My biggest complain about this game is that under no point of this game do you ever see the positives in joining the Templar Order. The Templars were never painted as the good guys, rather the game regularly reminds you that they are the bad guys, and the reasons for Shay's complete dedication toward the Order seems to entirely ignore his high moral stance which directed him to betray the Assassins. There never seems to be a point, other than the rosey tone of a single man who dies before Shay even makes the decision to join the Templars, where I (the player) feel like I should actually want to be a Templar.As if the feeling of ""why on Earth am I killing the good guys?"" wasn't enough to make the game feel horrible, the ending seals this game as completely unnecessary and makes no sense. I'm not referring to the mission in Versailles (though the mission itself feels like an unnecessary and shoe-horned-in shameless advertisement for Unity), but rather the Naval Missions. I was quite confused while trying to complete the Naval Missions (which must be completed if you are to unlock much of the best stuff in the game) in that they no longer let you complete them until you ""progress further into the story."" This was right before the last mission of the game.In case that wasn't clear, let me restate this: The final 5 Naval Missions, which are required for completion and for unlocking some of the best gear in the game, doesn't get unlocked until you've COMPLETED the game. Why? Were the developers afriad that I'd be cheating with Altïar's Swords on a mission which doesn't even let you use anything other than your Hidden Blades? Why was this required? So that people would be forced to play hours more of the game after they already completed the story? Who thought this was a good idea??Overall, I think the game is fine. I never felt like I was doing the right thing, but so what? Plenty of games let you play as the bad guy (though they usually leave out the high sense of morality that constantly reminds you that what you did was morally sketchy and highlights that you're actually the bad guy in this game). The Naval Missions is a cheap and pathetic move on the fault of the developers, but hey, **at least the game plays on PC, Montreal!!**. But would I recommend it, though? No. It doesn't add much from Black Flag, and unlike this game, Black Flag had characters I actually could **care** about. I couldn't have cared less if the characters died; the fact that two of them were Haythem Kenway and Achilles Davenport defeated the possibility of that happening anyways. Comparing that to Black Flag, or more accurately Black Beard, it was geniunely disastrous watching Edward Thatch die. We had actually come to care about him and his death was genuinely devastating. In AC: Rogue, however, none of the characters invoke that amount of compassion. None of the characters seemed to have any real life. When they died, it was difficult to really think anything of it.This game is fine, but you'd be better off playing Black Flag."
,Recommended,311560,30189416,Posted: 26 February,all,PRIYANXHU,Loved It !Fully Optimised!😍
76561198090292787,Recommended,311560,25058615,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Velocilobster,"This game is awesome, a fresh storyline being it's biggest strength. The naval combat is awesome, and the litttle improvements over AC4 like new weapons or naval clashes are awesome as well. The more diverse world with an arctic and a river islands map adds an extra dimension to the sailing. All in all I think this game is a big success!"
76561197975670816,Recommended,311560,22976203,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Virus Death,Really really liked it :) Had as much fun as when played with Altair and Ezio. Though enemy ships are not there as much as in black flag. The game is highly recommended!!!
,Recommended,311560,34383783,Posted: 20 August,all,Zaayl,"This review is going to probably get a big long winded, the game has a lot to talk about and theres a lot I want to go over.Assassins Creed rogue gives us the premise of a assassin turning templar, and for the first time, playing a entire game as a templar protagonist.My immediate worry was that character motivations would be terrible, Ubisoft would never have the balls to outright make the player character a bad person with bad ideals, and in that regard I was right, The Templars are displayed as noble, good people, and the assassins are almost cartoonishly evil, even to the point of going against their own moral standards established in every other game.However the characters themselves, have good motivations, Shay's reason for leaving the Assassins makes perfect sense, and Achilles reason for being a unreasonable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who doesnt listen to anyone, also makes sense.Mechanically, the game is a complete improvement over Assassins Creed 4, and turning mechanics on their head is quite enjoyable, like playing Assassin contracts in reverse where you intercept a contract, then protect the target, and having assassins try to kill you when you are out walking the streets.In practice though, some of this falls flat. Assassins wont ""stalk"" you, they just stand in specific ambush locations, and come after you if you step near them, they are just human booby traps, and once you recognize this, it becomes a joke. The map is far worse than AC4, being broken into 3 smaller maps, the riverlands being the absolute worse, gone is the feeling of sailing the open seas, hello feelings of everything being incredibly small!Hunting is...completely broken, infuriatingly so. Animals dont respawn until you reload the area entirely, and when they do, its static spawns, you are lucky to get 1-2 of your chosen hunting target. This problem wasnt present and AC4, and in AC4 you usually only needed 2 pelts of each animal, in Rogue you will need anywhere between 5-8 of a pelt, and this goes for the harpooning targets too, its a massive time consuming chore.The outfit variety is great, AC4's outfits were a huge letdown, with Kenway only having a handful of outfits, and few of them any good. Shay has a massive wardrobe of very stylish outfits, however...the unlock system is utterly abysmal.A large portion of outfits and weapons are unlocked by completing collectables, which will take you the course of the entire game and then some to do, meaning 1) you will have already purchased the superior ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sword, the second best weapon in the game, long before unlocking these inferior weapons 2) You will be both finished, and burned out on the game, with no options for New Game+ to enjoy your unlocks on a subsequent playthrough.Also the best weapon in the game requires completing every. single. fleet mission in the game. There are 33 of them, and they each take 2-3 hours.You still have a host of other problems the assassins creed series has always had, including imprecise free-running, where your character just wont make the obvious jump. Ill also have problems where enemies will attack me while im in a kill animation I cant cancel out of, or during a small cutscene where I cant even see my character.The legendary ships is perhaps the most disapointing aspect of the game. There are 3 of them, two of them are the same ship, a boring normal Man of War with a ♥♥♥♥ton of health with different adds (one has normal adds, the other has fireship suicide bombers) and a repeat of one of the AC4 legendary ships...but with adds. The adds just make everything difficult to see and more chaotic than fun, and it completely falls flat.Overall I found the game enjoyable, but a lot of its problems greatly hurt it. Its worth playing if you have already played AC4 and its DLC and want more of that gameplay, but its far from being ""AC4 but better"" like many proclaim."
76561198072895015,Recommended,311560,28771282,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ragnar Lothbroke King of North,One of the best games i have ever played. It keeps you on the edeg of you seat the hole time and it has so many aspects form other games and it makes it three times better.
,Recommended,311560,14943638,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Daggermouth,This game is basically everything that is fun about assassins creed into one big mash up of assassinate that dude!
,Recommended,311560,15042184,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Avenger,"Still Thinking of buying?Short answer: Overpriced DLC IMO but very fun, if you liked AC 3 and especially 4, than buy this .The story is SHORT. .I guess UbiSoft had some guilt so they marked down the cost by $10.. I have to give them credit though because there wasn`t much that the developers had to do to make this game. The re-use of GFX and characters from both 3 and 4 with some new additions and the exact same mechanics and game flow as 4 with a new story line pretty much sums up the making of this game.The first thing that stood out to me was that this game to date was the smoothest running right after being released; I was able to max out everything and got a solid 60 FPS 95 percent of the time. The scenery was another thing that really stood out; the colors and dynamics are really beautiful in this game and I often had to stop just to look around, this is a nice change in pace from other darker themed games. You`ll see where a lot of buildings/characters and scenery were re-used, but at least this time when your sailing around you`re not looking at the exact same landscape like you did in B.F. and running around in the snow made a comeback which was really fun in 3.So we finally get an Irish Assassin and he turns... well.. rogue =\ Even in video game land we can`t catch a break! It is interesting that the writers went down the templar route to keep things fresh. The story brings back some characters, but if you didn`t play Unity, 4 or 3 you`ll be in the dark. The big problem? The campaign/story was short, in fact the shortest in the series which is why I call it a DLC, you spend most of your time exploring and gathering treasure and if you just play the campaign you can be done in under a few hours. Also, the short story also didn`t leave time for you to find the cool treasures like the different armor and Altair's sword set let alone be able to use them during gameplay like in brotherhood and the wolf armor.NY was laid out like Boston was in 3 and there`s no horse so you had to run around or fast travel which sucked and the stalkers really became a huge pain. You can`t run while in eagle vision so you don`t know where they are and have to rely on the annoying whispers to know when they`re close, but it didn`t really matter unless you were exploring and finding treasures because you didn`t spend much time in NY during the story.Hunting, crafting, ship upgrades, naval campaign and legendary battles all made a return in this game (legendary battles are much easier which was a bummer). The developers really took the best parts of AC 3 and 4 and made this game which made it really enjoyable to play, it`s too bad it was too short and we didn`t have the stealth movements of Unity because this could have been the best AC game to date, especially after Unity`s failed attempt at upgradable weapons/armor/character and multiplayer campaign; I mean if I want to play an in depth RPG I`ll play games like Baldur`s Gate and if I want to play with people I`ll play games like WOW, but not the place for the AC franchise, stick with what works, stay unique.As of March 24th 2015 there are still some movement bugs and climbing issues that really make you want to throw your mouse, I even got stuck off the playable map a few times and had to reset/fast travel to reset.So if you loved 3 and especially 4 than this is worth the money, if you`re a fan of the series but didn`t like 3 or 4 wait for the sale."
,Recommended,311560,29908315,Posted: 13 February,all,Mr. Gency,DEUS VULT
,Recommended,311560,14868347,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Snowskeeper,Do you like Assassin's Creed? Did you enjoy Black Flag? Are you capable of putting up with a lead with a sub-par voice actor for the sake of a fairly decent story? You'll enjoy this game.
76561198092218572,Recommended,311560,14861057,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,The Chicken Coop,"I liked this game more when it was called ""Assasin's Creed IV: Black Flag"". Although being a gorgeous piece of eye candy to look at, nothing is new under the sun in the North Atlantic. They changed up a few weapons on the ships, a few different animations here and there, and TA-DA! NEW ASSASSIN'S CREED! If you really enjoyed BF, you'll get more of the same in BF2. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing, it just gets old. A few really well done set pieces tie together this game, clearly designed with a ""drag and drop"" method of level design. I would personally give this game maybe a 7 out of 10 at best.In Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag 2, you'll assume the Role of Assassin Cormac, on a quest for revenge and booty. When teenagers with an absurd amount of attitude steal Assassin Cormac's manuscript, it is up to you to solve the mystery to save the world!Pros1. If you like Assassin's Creed, nothing is broken. It's the same as the last 4 games.2. The game is pretty3. Ship combat is really well done4. Fun set piecesCons1. Bugs. Just.... bugs2. It's a new Assassin's Creed with no fixes to the same wacky glitches that'll have you bursting at the seems with laughter3. REHASHED SHANTIES from Black Flag4. REHASHED SCORE from Black Flag5. Voice Actors phoned it in the whole time, or were people they pulled out of the break room in the office.6. Combat is lazily simple, it's only challenging if you get a rimjob during fight scenes."
,Recommended,311560,15758457,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BountyHunterV.5,"This Assassin's Creed you may think, well, that's shi**y that you are a templar but listen to me.Ubisoft just wanted us to see how it is to be a templar (dark side) and how killing assassin's is. Our Main character, Shay,still have his ""Assassin's Gens"" but he didn't go the Creed ways go. But now let's see + and - :Good:+You may think, damn, these graphic will make sooo much lags. No. Game Graphic goes clearly and beautiful+Story is great great!+Epic battles+Nice graphic+Good looking characters+Easier Fights (I mean that fights are more realistic)+Controller support+Intresting Dialogues+Funny jokes+NO PhysX!!!! so game go clearNow, Bad stuff :-No multiplayer-Some Episodes are boring-Harder Sailing-Less Easter Eggs :(-Too stupid Guards (mean, you are hiding in one peace of grass and he can't see you (that was example))So You can buy this awsome game if you want, and it doesn't matter, that you will go to dark side... :)))"
,Recommended,311560,29949533,Posted: 15 February,all,Company,"Good AC game. It's basically Black Flag 2. I prefer the Black Flag story, but this one has a really good one too. The UI is basically the same, with some minor improvements. Rogue feels a little shorter than AC 3 and Black Flag, but not a big deal. If you liked Black Flag, you will like this one too."
76561198216440063,Recommended,311560,31143083,Posted: 14 April,all,SidCr7,One of the best in Assasssin creed series...Prosnice storylineinteresting Templar perspectiveConsShort Story(10-12 hrs)
76561198154754035,Recommended,311560,33161835,Posted: 2 July,all,por_Very,Like this game....
,Recommended,311560,23057439,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Matrix,"This game is an exact copy of the AC: Black Flag in every way. And it's not a bad thing if you really enjoy sea battles, upgrading a ship and jumping from island to island.There are 2 sea zones with islands and one zone of land (New York).I always like the city-part in Assassin's Creed games. Maybe that's why I didn't enjoy the exploration of islands, because there are many of those and there is nothing to do there (looting few chests, some collectibles and some random wild animals for skin hunting). The sea battles are always the same and they didn't improve those since the Black Flag, so there is literally nothing new to make it feel worth your time.Apart from that, the story is quite unique. For the first time you will experience the story from a Templar perspective and there will be some nice story correlations with other AC games. I really liked the ending."
76561198004651403,Recommended,311560,29212940,Posted: 12 January,all,Grand Master Cat ±PGD*±,"I really liked Rogue.  The storyline was great.  Shay's progression to the Templar side did not feel forced at all.  I actually enjoyed being a Templar.  However, the modern story could use a little work.  There was more to do than in the previous games but there's still not much happening."
,Recommended,311560,24445793,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Shutup868,"Assassin's Creed Rogue is a lot of fun, but most of that just comes from it being more or less a continuation of Black Flag. It has its own story and takes place between Black Flag and AC3, also by the end it leads into Unity. So ultimately, this is just a half AC title that helps connect the timeline. If you haven't played Black Flag, play that instead. If you have and really enjoyed it, definitely give Rogue a try. However I will add that this game returns to the focus on Assassins v Templars that Black Flag abandoned."
,Recommended,311560,35266401,Posted: 28 September,all,Gameplay Crush,"This was really good, you finally get to play as Templar, and expirience the universe from the other side.In previous games you may have gotten the impression the assassins were the good guys and the templars the bad guys, this game blurres the lines, are the templars really bad? are the assassins really good? Is there even such a thing as good vs. evil?Gameplay wize it's allot like black flag."
,Recommended,311560,35106952,Posted: 21 September,all,bluejway,This game in my opinion was very good out of most of the other AC's games !! This game had brought AC 3 and Black Flag together very nicely in such a short gameplay. I recommend anyone who is interested in the storyline to play this game.
,Recommended,311560,28470176,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,NLaM,"One of the best AC games in the series, despite using similar mechanics from AC3 and AC4 Black Flag. Shay Cormac is such an interesting character and it really allows the player to understand more of the Templar goals, as it lets you play as a Templar for the majority of the game. Unfortunately, the story is a little short, definitely shorter than its predecessors.Pros:Great graphics, no different to AC3 and AC4: Black FlagGreat optimization, always running on 60 fps (unlike Black Flag)Very Strong Storyline with an interesting protagonistAllows us to see characters from previous games (e.g. Haytham, Adewale, Achilles, etc.)Cons:Short StorylineOverall, a definitely must have if you enjoyed the rest of the Kenway Saga of AC, links directly to Assassin's Creed: Unity at the end of the game so I recommend playing this game first."
76561198247596702,Recommended,311560,28585076,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,sigiltenebrae,"First, I want to say I think this game gets a bad rep because of how much it's like Black Flags. I think that in that regard, Ubisoft made the right call, taking the benefits of Black Flags and fixing it with a better story and a more relatable character. And removing those stupid proximity missions. However, in their attempts to make the game different, they took away from some of the fun (everthing is northern and cold, and the shanties aren't pirate shanties anymore). All in all, I think it was a successful attempt to fix the errors of IV, but i think they would have been better off creating a single game that combined the aspects of these 2. Alas, hindsight is 20/20."
76561198115876282,Recommended,311560,22835787,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,vinny.marcellino,"It's like AC 2 3 and 4 fused into one game: Likable character with an understandable motive(AC2), is on a mission in America(AC3), with great naval combat(AC4). It has the graphics of 4, but I can actually play it on max settings thanks to better optimization.10 hidden blades angrilly thrust into my former comrades/10"
76561198017495690,Recommended,311560,31083544,Posted: 11 April,all,Zai,"If you liked AC IV: Black Flag , you will like this as well, its not as good but its a nice addition. This game is basicly mix between AC III and AC IV: Black Flag.Howewer the story is much shorter and side quests are pretty much all some kind off collectibles (special armor, maps, keys etc.) and it gets pretty repetitive. The only original side quest is the ""Assasination interception"".If you are AC fan I recommed it but not for a full price, grab it when it goes on sale with at least 50% discount.6.5/10"
76561198097514809,Recommended,311560,16861341,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Sebbernier28,"I thought this would just be another Assassin's Creed game, but I was wrong, the story is so captivating, and fun to play, other AC games were slow to start off, this game threw you instantly in the action. Big points for Ubisoft on this one. Very well done!"
,Recommended,311560,33614970,Posted: 17 July,all,Flλmε HдzЭ,"This is an amazing game, in my honest opinion. Out of ignorance, I said some pretty harsh things about the game when it was first announced. But I really shouldn't have. This is going into my top 5 favorite AC games of all time, believe it or not. This was the underdog game this year, but Ubisoft has shown us that the Templars aren't truly the ""bad"" guys; neither are the Assassins, which makes for an amazing, heart wrenching story.This is quite possibly the best AC storyline since AC2. Shay Patrick Cormac is such an awesome, badass, realistic protagonist. Definitely one of my favorites.This truly is a beautiful game.﻿ 12/10"
,Recommended,311560,35113825,Posted: 21 September,all,Del Mingus,"TL:DR Good game. Worth picking up if you enjoyed Black Flag and fancy some moreI feel Rogue was a bit overlooked given it was released around the same time as Unity. Like Black Flag, Rogue carries on with the pirate theme this time taking the setting to the New York area and North Atlantic. As I enjoyed all the pirate related stuff from BF I really enjoyed more of it which Rogue has plenty of. It also improves a bit on BF with new weapons such as the really useful dart gun and less annoying missions like the eavesdropping ones from BF.The story is also pretty good with the main character Shay, who starts off as an Assassin, turning his back on the Order and joining the Templars. Its actually quite refreshing to get the Templars perspective and the game is better for that.Only downsides is some of the voice acting. Shay is supposed to have an Irish accent but what we get is an ""Oirish"" accent on par with Tom Cruises effort in Far and Away. It's brutal. Another character seems to go between Scottish and Russian. It's hard to take the story seriously at times when you have this unintended comedy.But that aside Rogue is a great entry to the series and it didnt get as much attention as it deserved.If you enjoyed Black Flag then Rogue is well worth a try."
,Recommended,311560,15119000,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,RicardoPetrere,"This game is pretty good to play.One thing that really impressed me was the performance. I mean, AC4 runs way below this one in framerate, and I can't find an answer to that (I --still-- don't have a freagin' power master gamer pc, so I felt quite the difference running this game, compared to AC4, both on low settings). It's way more optimized, I guess.I can't compare its storyline with Unity's, since I still haven't bought it (yet), but, as a piece of software released to the public, this is, by far, the best between them. (Rogue has its share of bugs, as we unfortunately are starting to expect from a Ubi$oft game, but at least it doesn't have creepy faces, right?...)Worth it"
,Recommended,311560,15331705,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Vionic,"Before you read or go commenting on some forum saying that Assassin's Creed is dead and that the games are a money steal, consider yourself one of the few people who care little for the plot outside of the animus. (You didn't care about the game in the first place.)Assassin's Creed Rogue: The lovely child-game of Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag.I think the best way to begin this review is: Yes, this game is optimized properly, just like AC4.After the hiccup that was AC Unity, Ubisoft released this ex-console-exclusive game onto the PC.Pros-New Weapons-Good Story-Lots of detail in environment and plot (just as Assassin's Creed is known for)-Proper Optimization-FunCons-Story a bit too short-The occaisonal classic Assassin's Creed glitches (AI spawning inside of things, you know...)Other than that this is an A+ game :)"
,Recommended,311560,21872506,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Butz,"Did you Like Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag?If so, then you'll like Assassin's Creed: Rogue.Rogue is pretty much everything Black Flag had, but with more. In a way, it is the AC: Brotherhood to Black Flag's AC II. It kind of almost has too much to do in it, really, as I just beat it after spending a lot of time doing side activities and I still finished with quite a lot of stuff left over to do and about a 76% completion rating. Hell, half of New York isn't even used in the game but you can still explore it, collect items, and complete side activities there. Speaking of which, this game is pretty huge. There's tons of land to explore across multiple different maps, with smaller story-related locations, too. Much like Black Flag this game is a damn fine pirate simulator, with a lot of ship sailing, plundering, and ship combat. While it doesn't look as nice as Black Flag, for a last-gen game it comes pretty damn close and looks great. The soundtrack is also really well done with some really good voice acting, too.Your enjoyment of the story depends on how much of a fan you are of the series as a whole, but this is a direct sequel to Black Flag, so even if you only played that game there is a lot to enjoy about this game and how it relates to the events that unfolded during Black Flag. Even better, if you played AC III it ties very heavily into the story of that game, as well, and leads directly into the events that will unfold in AC: Unity. Plus, if you complete side activities there are a ton of little bits and pieces that talk about the events of prior AC games as well as providing introductions to characters of future AC games such as the trilogy of AC: Chronicles games, Unity and Syndicate. The whole game feels like a love letter to fans of the series, so if you've stuck with it for this long then you'll be handsomely rewarded for your time invested.It plays like an Assassin's Creed game through and through, though, so for some people out there this game still won't do anything to convert them. For others, though, such as fans of the series or even people that only played Black Flag or either avoided Unity or were disappointed by it, this is a really solid game. As an added bonus it is also nicely optimized. I played on an AMD FX-4350 CPU, Radeon R9 270 GPU, along with 16 GB of DDR3 SDRAM with maxed-out settings across the board and I had a solid 60 FPS from start to finish. I could barely maintain 30 FPS on AC III and that wasn't even maxed out, so this was a really pleasant surprise.Highly recommended for AC and/or Black Flag fans."
76561198032788383,Recommended,311560,15026042,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,HunterFezza,"If you liked black flag you will like this, the ship battles is what i love the most but it has added all the assasins creeds together into one.ProsIt's an awesome gameplenty to do if when you have finished i run around ship battling hahahaConshas a few bugs still but over time that will change."
,Recommended,311560,25667153,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,The Highwayman,Best Assassin's Creed game so far and ive played the lot.
,Recommended,311560,26530234,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Chambill,"Damn it feels good to be a templar.--Geto Boys, 2015"
76561198083389091,Recommended,311560,15866678,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,jaredbraunberger,"awsom game, Loved the new look on things and the reason behind betraying the assassins. dont worry i wont spoil any thing, though i have to say that Rouge explained a lot."
,Recommended,311560,34632767,Posted: 31 August,all,Zaky_Muharram,This game is worth for you. The price when in summer sale or another event are not far different between the standard and the deluxe edition(You better buy the deluxe edition in any event)
76561198070382936,Recommended,311560,30459182,Posted: 11 March,all,roeface,"If you liked Black Flag, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,311560,14818327,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,★TheAssass1n★,"WOW! there is absolutely no other words to describe this game it is fantastic!. The story is set in the mid-18th century during the Seven Years' War, and follows the story of Shay Patrick Cormac, an Assassin turned Templar. Gameplay in Rogue is very similar to AC Black Flag with mixtures of ship-based naval exploration and third-person land-based exploration with loads of new features added. Naval aspects from the previous games will return with you controlling Shay's ship, Morrígan.A New feature include new ship-based weapons including releasing an oil slick which can then be ignited, Puckle guns, and the ability for enemies to board Morrígan during ship to ship combat. The arctic environment also features into naval gameplay and exploration, as certain icebergs can be rammed with an icebreaker. In combat, the game introduces a air rifle, which now allows Shay to silently take out enemies at a distance. The air rifle can be outfitted with a variety off different projectiles, such as firecrackers.Also you can use a grenade launcher, which fires shrapnel grenades and berserks. Hand-to-hand combat has been slightly altered, now the enemy attacks also can be countered with timing, similar to the Batman: Arkham game franchise. Enemy Assassins feature archetypes similar to previous games, using the skills you used throughout the series; they can hide in the bushes, blend in with crowds, and perform air attacks against you. The poison gas can now be used as an environmental weapon, and now Shay also has a gas mask that can mitigate its effects.Reflecting on Shay's role as a Templar, the game now introduces a new side mission: Assassin Interception.They mirror the Assassination side missions in previous games. After you intercepted a messenger pigeon that is carrying a assassination contract. He must prevent Templar agents from being assassinated by finding and killing Assassins hidden nearby.I would give Assassin's Creed Rogue an overall rating of 10/10 stars. The PC port is very well done with no FPS or any kind of other issues. This is definitely a MUST buy for fans because I'm just absolutely without a doubt 100% sure that Assassin's Creed Rogue will not disappoint at all!."
,Recommended,311560,33131936,Posted: 2 July,all,Xenox1886,"Great game, combines the classic AC gameplay with the newer ship missions very well. I personally enjoyed that the story is around 50/50 on land and on sea but I guess that's very subjective. Only drawback is that the first part of the mission is a bit too strictly guided for my taste (and that you can't skip the credit after the finale, wtf)."
76561198289461550,Recommended,311560,33752170,Posted: 23 July,all,RuinTJ,its way to underrated the story is short it lakes content and reuses alot from Black Flag but your what is basicly the best DLC that is its own game but you can never have to much Black Flag the story kicks starts alot of things like Unity and 3 i just want Shay to fight Connor or Arno seeing as there storys where heavily affected by him
,Recommended,311560,33643195,Posted: 18 July,all,Ethan,felt super badass when I learned that I could do double assassinations and freaked out and got yelled at for being loud10/10
,Recommended,311560,33985920,Posted: 2 August,all,M X R Y A N,"Now that I finished the story, I can say that it was worth playing. I was a little sceptical about the quality of this game knowing that it was made just to please last gen fans that couldn't play Unity. But I was pleasantly suprised at how good the story was for a game with such little time invested in creating it. It was very cool to see how this game played into the Unity storyline. My only issue with this game with the length. As much as I apperciate Ubisoft for considering last gen, for the price it's almost not entirely worth it. This game on sale would be great though. Unless you have played Unity, may change how much you enjoy Rouge in my opinon. But I am also very bias towards this game being a huge fan of the AC series and to me, at the end of the day, more content is more content and I am a happy fella. This games storyline was still enjoyable to me as a casual fan anyway, so buy it. Why not? The price....well uh....yeah good point.  :/"
76561197964866568,Recommended,311560,24091526,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Crusader_bin,"If you played one Assssin's Creed game, you played them all. With Black Flag and Rogue beeing a tiny bit different, in a good way. I most of the titles (minus sindicate and Unity, despite getting Unity for free) and Rogue is the only one where I wasn't bored with the crapload of side activites that made me drop the title altogether.What I want to say, this is a bit of a fresh thing, as opposed to all the other games in the franchise.Also, don't get it if you are a completionist and need everything that shows up to be completed, as those games will make you go insane.I'm on the line wether to even recommend this title or not, but if anything, I think this is the one of the lot worth checking out.Also optimized fairly well, It runs at 60 fps in 4k res/DSR."
76561198042872523,Recommended,311560,24239699,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Regaman101,"For anyone who is a fan of the STORY of Assassin's Creed, this game is very significant. Rogue ties into Assassin's Creed III, Black Flag, and Unity (Won't say how). That said for anyone who is interested in a new take on GAMEPLAY, don't bother. This game is essentially Black Flag with snow. Shay says all the same things as Edward when he commands his ship The Morrigan. The crew sounds exactly the same, even the shanties are EXACTLY THE SAME.Despite all of these things, I still enjoyed Rogue. It is still worth picking up if nothing else for the sake of basically playing through another Black Flag.Overall, good gameplay, actually very good story, just was not fresh or new enough to stand out as a truely different game than Black Flag. Go ahead, pick it up, but don't be surprised if playing Rogue just makes you want to replay Black Flag."
76561198098305238,Recommended,311560,28496770,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,NapalmX717,"If you've just beaten Black Flag, I would suggest playing this game next just so you can play on familiar controls. Everything is exactly as it is from Black Flag, except for a different map, new characters, new weapons and optional missions (Which are actually enjoyable, such as the assassin hunts). The story was actually interesting for me and the main character, Shay Patrick Cormac, is an interesting and likable character who has gone rogue from the assassin brotherhood, but with good motive. The game is a little short, with only six sequences in total and the occasion modern day gameplay of walking around Abstergo Entertainment, which is exactly as it is from Black Flag but with some minor differences, but if you're like me and venture to each new location and get all the collectibles, Shay upgrades and ship upgrades, you'll be spending an enjoyable amount of hours with this game. All in all, great game.https://youtu.be/tlX1b9uBRmw"
76561198161446968,Recommended,311560,29131863,Posted: 8 January,all,Pigs for Pogo,"Easily one of the best AC games, certainly story wise. And yet the gameplay is so fun you can play tens of hours after the story."
76561198087356741,Recommended,311560,30694604,Posted: 23 March,all,furrygoose,If you liked black flag then you will like this and it is the same game. however personaly i found it too similar and didnt enjoy it because of the repetiveness even in the first chapters
,Recommended,311560,17028995,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Alexandre,"I've played all of the Assassin's Creed games and I have to say, this is the best Assassin's Creed game I've played since Brotherhood, but I cannot deny that this game is VERY buggy and was, no doubt, rushed (It is made by Ubisoft after all).The parkour system in this game is, by far, the worst it's ever been, it has the same basis as Black Flag but the terrain was not polished at all. There are alot of places that look climbable but they're actually not, they are found mainly in the islands. While they are not that common in big towns, like Albany, New York, etc.. You will be spending most of your time on the islands and not in the main cities. You can see how bad the parkour system is when you have to chase someone, or something, like a shanty for example. Having said that, I don't really care for parkour in AC games, that's why it's not a big deal for me.The combat is pretty much the same thing as it was in Black Flag, even though Shay has a new type of weapon (sword and dagger) it's basically the same thing with one or two new animations slapped on so you can't say it's just a reskin. Shay has reduced health and can't take many hits even with max upgrades, which makes Blazing your way through a fortress filled with snippers, dozens of armed men,grenadiers and captains slightly harder... It is still very possible and easy to do so though.The naval battles have changed a bit, for example, heavy shot and mortars in Black Flag used to be all you needed to win, atleast that's how I did it. Here... Not so much, those weapons are pretty much just as effective as the rest of them.The explosive barrels (Not sure what they were called in English, I only know their name in my language) have been replaced with fire...Fire... On the sea, it is not explained why you can leave a blazing trail of glorious fire on the sea.Regardless, it's just as useless as it was in Black Flag... I think they tried to make the combat a bit more challenging, because I did notice the enemies became a tad stronger and more resistant to my attacks, I've only seem that in the lesser ships though, e.g: schooners to brigs, beyond that they are really easy to take down, in fact the Men 'o War are ridiculously easy to destroy and board, hell, even the legendary ships were a walk in the park. Having said that, I think they were just as fun, epic and awesome as the previous game.Stealth mechanics are the same as Black Flag, but enemies sometimes do have x-ray vision and can spot you through a wall a mile away, snipers will sometimes shoot you through the wall... That's all I have to talk about for stealth.New mechanics: Most of what I'm about to tell you is not explained in the game, you have to go to the tutorial section and look for them there.There's a new elevator system, basically it's 3 walls made of wood where Shay will just wall jump his way to the top in the worst animated way ever, there is also  2 hooks connected through a wire between rooftops so you can do basically what you did in revelations to go around slightly faster, just so you can't complain that the cities are too sparse, you can sometimes swing from a rope to another building like you used to do on your boat. You can renovate buildings that are spread around the map, that increases your income, when you renovate all of them you get an achievement, an abstergo challenge and a ugly sword with good stats. When you renovate the buildings you'll most of the times not even see the difference, it will look just as run down as before, there is also a thing called prosperity rewards, it means when you collect five of them you get a boost to goods you salvage of boarded ships and to your income which brings me to the final new mechanic: Income. Every 20 minutes you get an X ammount of money depending how much prosperity,buildings you renovated and settlements/areas you've freed. At first it's a miserable ammount, but by the end you'll be swimming in money.You also have your fleet which you can capture ships and send them there so they can complete missions and earn you rewards, like money,figureheads,sails,collectibles,wheel,swords,pistols,and,outfits. At first the missions will be really short, like 10 minutes or so to complete a mission, but in the later levels, like 20 and up it will take you nearly 2 hours JUST to complete one mission, this is specially bad when you've got nothing to do and you're just waiting for the timer to tick down. This is just an excuse that Ubisoft got to make the game seems longer than what it actually is. Which brings me to my next point: Game length.This game is VERY short. I have completed EVERYTHING to do in the North Atlantic, completed the main story, did all the side quests collected 62 abstergo challenges, collected every costume but two, got all the upgrades for both Shay and the Morrigan, got every sword but two, collected all the pistol sets,took down every gang HQ, every settlement, every fort, discovered every location,got all the templar maps,completed all assassin interceptions,all legendary ships, almost every hunting challenge. renovated almost every building and completed every single naval mission and I've only played 28.6 hours. It would be even shorter if Ubisoft didn't make you collect a ridiculous ammount of stuff just to unlock an outfit or whatever.This game is a very good port. When I try to run Black Flag I get about 40fps at 768p on medium, but here I can turn it up to ultra on 768p and I play at a constant 60fps and the games have the same spec requirements, sometimes, when you're in a very intense situation with alot of ships, smoke everywhere, everyone firing, it can dip to 40fps-ish. But other than that, you're fineIn conclusion, this game is very fun and addicting, there were times where I would be up until 6 a.m playing this game. If you're a person that enjoys these games for the parkour, jumping around and climbing everything like a monkey or you just cannot tolerate glitches that break immersion on your game then this game is not for you. However if you're looking for a fun pirate game, with some awesome combat mechanics and don't mind having your character flip out, jump into the clouds or killing someone and they looking like ragdolls flying everywhere then this game is for you"
76561198244051714,Recommended,311560,34269770,Posted: 15 August,all,Theschwa1313,"BEST !@#*ING EXPANSION PACK EVER(but in all seriousness they made naval gameplay smoother, interesting story, minor featurs that make it worth while, and shay is the !@#$) 8/10"
,Not Recommended,311560,33369063,Posted: 8 July,all,𝓢𝓾𝓲𝓬𝓲𝓭𝓪𝓵 | Fyre,"To keep it quick; Black flag is 5x better. It's so good and you should get it over this.Other than that the story of Rogue is very interesting, although I understood the out of animus situation it just felt horrible to play them. From the start I felt rushed into everything and not given time to feel the game. The combat is slow and feels bland/buggy. The parkour/assassinations do not feel smooth."
,Recommended,311560,27940512,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BratmanDu,Similar to AC4 but with the fat trimmed. One of the best AC games overall. Except for the 'Oirish' accents which do not sound Irish at all.
,Recommended,311560,28027598,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Robin Richard,"If you liked the Naval Combat gameplay of Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag, you'll love this game. Not only does it have the same feel of that game, but it tells the story of Shay Cormac, an Assassin turned Templar, and you get to see the story from his point of view and makes you question whose side is the good side. I totally loved the moral dilemma that the character faced, and in turn, I faced it myself. Pick the game up on a sale, and you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,311560,15191183,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,☬ LSJusten ☬,Verry good story!!
,Recommended,311560,34362862,Posted: 19 August,all,CYBP93,I thought it was a great game.Thumbs up from me.
76561198013024780,Recommended,311560,23326333,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,DeGroot418,"Good old Assassins Creed, same gameplay with a couple of new weapons/tools. If you liked Black Flag but are tired of that story, then you will enjoy Rogue."
76561198158354158,Recommended,311560,20267000,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nerissa,"Too similar to Black Flag and AC3: i don't talk about the idea of being some kind of pirate, i mean the structure of the missions. For me it's also too easy.. but apart that, this games has the same graphic engine of Black Flag but it's so well optimized that the game will ask for less resources and have better graphics.. Some glitches here and there.. but the ship fights are always gorgeous and.. am i the only one who already liked the Templars? :) Anyway, not regretted taking it even for a second!"
,Recommended,311560,24716549,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,DaSuperSanZ,hey that's pretty good
,Recommended,311560,24829674,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,JonathanWhiting13,Not as good as black flag but still pretty good.
,Recommended,311560,23465794,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Massacre,"I must say after the original ""Assassin's Creed"" this is the next best game for me. Story wise the game is good actually you get to know about history of some of the characters from AC3 and 4, and the best part was the ending itself the intro of **SPOILERS ALERT**- Arno. I must say i enjoyed the tower takedown from ship in this game more than AC4. I think where AC4 made it all about being a pirate this one had a good mixture if you don't like sailing just don't do it, there are hardly 3 or 4 ship missions.Edit - Hardly 8 hours of story gameplay which makes it one of the shortest campaigns :D"
,Recommended,311560,19317333,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mega,10/10 It's like Assassin's Creed with Templars.
76561198024154051,Recommended,311560,14825003,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Mr. Tony,"Because my bad experience in assassin creed unity, i felt unconfortable to buy this game in first time in pre-purchase but since i discovered it was launched for console before when unity was launched to pc and console, i felt in this time, ubisoft wont let me down again in bugs and graphics. and they doesnt. the game in ultra graphics is very good. My first hours playing still no frozing, no lagging and no bugs. The open world seems like assassin 3 + black flag (this one is after both, but some stuffs like BF graphics seems the same but better and some enviroments and history will remmember AC 3). What can i say after have all AC franchise? Awesome! nice engine and graphics and sounds! even having my local language to hear, i choose to hear english + my local in subtitles. why? syncronization in voices are better. and i dont like my local languages in games. only in game interface. for now, 9/10 for everything, but can change after play more time so lets see what wait for me and anothers players. (some peoples complained about critical error playing but till now, no problems, even pressing alt + tab and opening brownser)."
,Recommended,311560,14822308,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,kakao905,"an exelent choice, if you dont like the other assassin`s creed games so well!on pc this is beast, i recomend : )Good: best ac on pc, good performance.Bad: simular to ac 4 black flag, almost every thing!"
76561198084675745,Recommended,311560,24527887,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,gingerninja69,"Gameplay is a bit too similar, taking almost everything out of III and Black Flag (Even animation) but the story of Shay is probably the best story line for a character in the AC series since AC 2, it is a bit short but is still really good. Overall the gameplay isn't THAT good but makes up for the story that is a bit short, if Ubisoft had spent more money, time and resourses on this title instead of UNITY then it would have been the best since AC 2"
76561198196535069,Recommended,311560,29096478,Posted: 7 January,all,blowowar,"The chance of playing the other side! Who can resist that idea?As someone who've tried all previous ACs, I could not.And it changed my views about Templars and Assassins. The description in this game, if I still remember it right, provided a new perspective to AC fans."
76561198004277278,Recommended,311560,21742171,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Ghøst,"If you loved AC4: Blackflag, then you are sure to love AC: Rogue."
,Recommended,311560,22348675,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Phips,"Took me about 10 hours to finish the main story plus all side quests and about 50 hours to get 100% plus all bonus stuff that isn't included in the 100% (like achievments and challenges).Imho it is one of the better AC titles after Brotherhood, which is my absolute favourite.They might as well could have called that part Black Flag 2 or sell it as an Add-On, because there is no new main feature to the game.Still, it was really fun playing and worth the money (especially for 12€ on sale)"
,Recommended,311560,29526987,Posted: 27 January,all,Nilukka,The best thing about this game is the sailors who sing
,Recommended,311560,22338010,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Mypowerbob,"Not as good as i thought it would be. Had a great start, but begins to fall off and become more boring after Shay turns to the templars. Im really fed up with sailing and honestly think there was too much of it in this game. It felt kinda milked. Even tho it still had enjoyable moments and new enjoyable mechanics so i will recommend this."
,Recommended,311560,24491838,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Shin B. Omnis,"One of the more enjoyable entries in the Assassin's Creed franchise, Rogue breaks little new ground, but stills manages to be entertaining. The story flips perspectives, showing us someone who sides with the Templars over the Assassins, as well as the negative aspects of the Brotherhood's activities. Combat is fun, fluid, and makes you feel like a badass. Unlike other recent entries in the series, the game runs rather smoothly, with few hiccups and without crashes or low frame rates, though the graphics are nothing particularily special. In short, long live the Templar Order!"
,Recommended,311560,22911461,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,The Antichrist,"Pretty , Fun and as always repatative but HEYIts one of the best of the series with great mechanics but its really just a big dlc to black flag"
,Recommended,311560,29004150,Posted: 4 January,all,i dislike white people lol xd,"I love the AC series and tied with Black Flag, this is probably my favorite of the series."
76561198312424524,Recommended,311560,28290964,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,KnightWraith86,"If you like playing Black Flag, PLAY THIS! The story is really great, it gives you a lot of the missing information between Edward and Connor's time, and it gives you the background for Unity.Fighting is still press-counter-and-win tactics and the ship part of the game is better than Black Flag. The Morrigan comes with Puckle guns instead of Swivel cannons, which basically means that you get a swivel cannon that does less damage but fires a lot more rounds (max non-elite is 25), you get an ice ram that functions like the ram in black flag, except that you get a speed booster for extra damage, and instead of fire barrels, you get burning oil which seems to be more effective because you can cover the path behind you better.The map feels larger than Black Flag, but probably isn't. Since you're in North America, you traqvel more in large rivers than out in the ocean. This makes sailing to your destination a little bit better, except that you'll have to navigate these channels, which means a bunch of turning. In contrast, the land parts of the map are more frequent, which means more land exploring rather than constant ship battles.Rennovations are back, but only one or two buildings here or there (so it's not like AC II, Brotherhood, or Revelations where you're basically restoring the entire city). There is a banking system, where if you rennovate you get X amount of money every 20 minutes of gameplayThere are gang strongholds, which are like Borgia Towers, Templar towers, Forts, etc... Where you take down the leader and do a couple misc side objectives and ""take back"" that region.New weapons/items: Air Rifle (blowgun 2.0) that comes with firecrackers for distraction, An underbarrel grenade launcher for Sleep, Beserk, and Shrapnel grenades and The Sword/Dagger combo which is basically the double swords from Black Flag with some different kill animations. Shay also gets a cloth to cover his face from smoke bombs so he doesn't get stunned if you activate it.There is a unique thing that this game added: stalkers. Stalkers are like bot versions of the black flag multiplayer, where you travel through an area and hear whispers get louder and louder as you get closer to them. You can tun on eagle vision to get a compass of their general area and detect them if you search their hiding spots. They do massive damage if they land an attack on you, but you can counter them if you're quick. Also, they only appear in interesting areas, such as forts, missions, near collectables, etc... It's not like the entire city is filled with them. It's a nice balance.CONCLUSION:Very, very, good game if you liked Black Flag. This game is basically the lovechild of AC III and AC IV. Colonial area, with great ship battles.The only downside to it is that sometimes it feels less open for ship battles, which makes it hard to manuver. Solid 9/10"
,Recommended,311560,34405206,Posted: 21 August,all,TheApexReaper,"Assassin's Creed 4 was an excellent game (my personal favorite of the franchise) and Rogue is really just 4 with a new Story and new characters. Personally I enjoyed the new point of view of the Templars, Ubisoft's attempt to get you to question the morality of both sides. Some may not enjoy this game if they want something new from the franchise, but if you want more of AC 4 then I believe that this game is for you."
,Recommended,311560,22855632,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Lyon,"Oh boy.PROGreat story. Ace writing.AC Rogue is a thoughtful story. Character motivations are complex and (like in real life) sometimes only make sense to them. The ending was amazing.UpgradesLong have I hated the upgrade system for AC games. There is never enough stuff and it's always horribly tedious to get. I guess the idea is that you're supposed to literally become more powerful while playing the game but come on, this is ridiculous. None of the basic items are expensive enough to justify this position. In this game, though, the system is a lot better. Ship upgrades are meaningful and you can actually feel the firepower difference (unlike with the Jackdaw up until it's ultimate set.) The tedium of collecting ultimate items is still kind of there. Some outfits provide bonuses now, though it's not always clear what they are or if they even exist. A ""sturdy-looking uniform"" is just as likely to provide a bonus to defense as a ""somber coat designed for stealth"" is likely not to give a bonus to detection.Long gameplayA lot of people disagree with me on this. I think Rogue has a decent amount of gameplay going for it. It's supposed to be a short game: it's an interim sequel for Black Flag and the gateway game for Unity. The story is short and concise: characters are revealed by their database entires rather than long interaction scenarios, and it feels pretty good.CONRoach MotelIf this game reveals anything about Ubisoft Montreal, it's how F$*&@ked up their development cycle is. This game uses the exact same engine and base game as black flag. The interface is almost an identical skin except everything is in silver/blue instead of gold/google. The problem with this issome things that were fixed in patches for Black Flag for bugs that existed before this game was released were never fixed in Rogueto this day. One specific example is how climbing masts would cause Edward to dance around and never land on that sweet spot to jump up to the final platform holding the ship's flag. Edward no longer dances, Shay still does the shimmy tango while his crew dies.So many F@$^%king bugs please fix.Too Much StuffOkay. Real talk here. Many of the side missions are BORING. The interceptions are the same frustrating minigame over and over again and everything else is ""collect and find 10/20/50/100 of X."" It's uninspired, even for an AC game. The only redemption is in the Legendary Ship battles, which are kind of easy compared to the legendaries that popped up in Black Flag.Wardrobe MalfunctionI know that I've already done bugs here, but the way that the client renders models is unacceptable. Things will just vanish for seemingly no reason, even in big cutscenes. I think most games nowadays render their cutscenes with the game engine to preserve player perks like skins and recolors, but this works out so badly here. I think there would be no love lost between fans and the studio if the cutscenes were rendered in video. Yeah, it's that bad.Clunky AnimationsI know this game didn't receive the attention of some other AC titles, but Some of these are so lazy. It looks like parts were animated by a 6th grader doing stop-motion for art class. The bad animation really ruins the immersion.As a movie, AC Rogue is crap. As a game? I wish the publisher had put a little more effort in. I would definitely play it for the story though."
,Recommended,311560,22082545,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Borracho,"If you don't mind the fact that this will be approximately the 3.5th time that you are playing invariably the same game, Rogue offers a nice slice of AC lore to fans of the series."
76561198192382033,Recommended,311560,21780023,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,KiFe ^4Mr. ^8Frosty,"As the first Assassin's Creed game I have played, I can say that I am impressed. The story is interesting, It's cool how historical events and people are placed into the character's life during the game. Rogue's story was interesting, unfortunately it is really short. As a downside to the game I can see how some people might think that this game is repetitive to other's such as Black flag and AC 3. I haven't played these but know enough about the gameplay and content to understand that there are quite a few similarities between them that players might not like to see. Some of the content, including the sailing, is very closely related to previous Assassin's Creeds. Despite this though, I would definitely recommend this game."
76561198022166100,Recommended,311560,33088923,Posted: 1 July,all,mathijs2lol,"I was a huge assassin's creed fan from the beginning and throughout ezio's trilogy, AC 3 dissapointed me no original gameplay and the story was more of the same with minimal character growth. AC IV I enjoyed for it's gameplay and I liked the roughishness of the character, the story was still boring. Hearing AC unity and the ones that followed whould be abandon the ship fighting and focus on more 'do good' heros made me lose interest in the series as a whole. Then I saw this, gave it a shot and wow. It combines everything good from the series up to this point, including the ship combat, and has the best character arch in of them all. It even made me want to give the other titles byond this one a shot."
,Recommended,311560,15924406,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,MisleadingBanana,"A.K.A. Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag (Irish Edition). It's literally the Black Flag engine copied over and slightly modified, but with entirely less tedious ship travel. I 100% this game, and I genuinely enjoyed the experience. The story was pretty decent, but not nearly as good as some of the other AC games, but it did tie together AC3's and Unity's story which was a pretty nice touch to make up for the fairly dry overall story. Depending on your skill, you will either be hunted by assassin's or be the assassin hunter, which is a very appreciated touch to the general idea of being a deserter of the assassin brotherhood, and the game made the creed of the assassins actually appear fairly unappealing, which leads into questions that never otherwise were apparent in any of the other games. With all that being said, it's a decent addition to the series if you're a pretty big Assassin's Creed fan."
76561198077134138,Recommended,311560,30057546,Posted: 20 February,all,Kebabknugen,COMPLETELY underrated. One of the best Assassin's Creed games I've played. I love the twist in this game as you play as templar instead of an assassin. I really recommend buyin this game for anyone who loves the Assassin's Creed games and story
,Recommended,311560,16926945,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Ahvulon Jun,What we should of had instead of Unity
,Recommended,311560,17947684,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Jon (Busy for 4 centuries),"Before you read my review for this game, keep in mind there'll be spoilers so DON'T read if you want to avoid it, thank you.+Really worth the money(since this is my first AC game to get)+Shay is a really interesting character and I love playing as him+Really loved how the story went+Got this game on my laptop(which I got it a year ago and probably getting older now) running this game on 30fps on low graphics (but some are on high) which I thought was amazing+Combat&Stealth are great as any other AC game.+[SPOILER ALERT]You get to be a templar later+You have your own boat(a lot of people say that Rogue is a copy of black flag, since this is my first AC game I can't say anything since I don't know anything about Black flag+Outfits and weapons+Soundtracks and main theme of the game are pretty nice-Something that annoyed a lot of people in the AC Rogue trailer or game poster you can see Shay wearing a bad♥♥♥♥♥looking templar outfit with a hood, sadly it isn't even in the game so please Ubisoft don't post something that won't be in the game.-Really small bugs however this won't effect the game (example: killing an enemy with a pistol then instead of dying he stands up)What I really love about the game is how it connects Rogue with Unity, Don't continue reading if you want to avoid spoilers[SPOILER ALERT]In the end of the game you kill Arno's father and you can actually see Arno on the way there.Other than that this game is worth getting, however would suggest waiting for a sale or something, Can't wait to get Unity now."
76561198087568347,Recommended,311560,14852719,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Angry_Peanuts,"Ubisoft FINALLY did a good PC port! Huzzah and good cheer for all PC gamers! The graphics are beautiful, and the gameplay is smooth. AC4 is still to this day my fave AC game (ive played all of them), but it ran kinda poorly and had really bad screen tearing. I run AC Rogue maxed out on a GTX 760 SC, and never drop below 60fps. If you played AC4 and couldn't get enough of the naval combat, grab AC Rogue on your next Steam store visit. Tally Ho!My specs:i7 4770 3.4ghz (turbo feature kicks it up to 3.9ghz)GTX 760 Super Clocked 2gb VRAM DDR5EGVA 500w bronze PSU12gb DDR3 RAM"
76561198061392663,Recommended,311560,14870326,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sharlatan,"First of all, it is a good game. It has a lot of elements from AC3 but more. The graph is good as usual. However, the bugs, they are frustrating. And the collisions are not very good."
,Recommended,311560,16348236,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,"Dr. Steel, Professor of Memology","One of the best Assassin's Creed games to date. A compelling, focused story, charcters worth a damn and a whole bunch of new weapons that I used frequently and never resorted to spamming one of them. Runs incredibly well, looks only slightly worse than Black Flag and gets 60 fps three different setups I used to play this game. I ran this game on intergrated graphics once on medium setting, 720p and got 60 fps. And the ending was perfect and wrapped up everything that needed to be. What other Assassin's Creed games aspire to be.9.5/10 - Amazing"
76561198055986972,Recommended,311560,14869107,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,BaronVonBrinkman,"Awesome game, lots of naval action and swordy swordy touchy touchy. Graphics are nice too.9.5 coconuts out of 10-Cons-You must have a controller as keyboard/mouse = unplayable"
76561198130032346,Recommended,311560,14886508,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MurlocHolmes,"This is the type of game we should have gotten when AC3 came along.Graphics are nothing to awe at, (It is very much a console port, and its very clear at times, even at max settings) though it does have its moments and Is by no means 'ugly'.Optimized really well for a change, even better than Black Flag (For me, anyway).Story is a nice change, and the mix of both old and new-ish AC game mechanics work fine.All in all, a nice step back In the right dirrection."
76561198081739230,Recommended,311560,15058029,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,DΞF@ULT™,11/10 Better than unity. i do recommend playing AC3 and AC4 before buying this game
,Recommended,311560,14858142,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Cool Guy Caleb,This sums it up:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_17WsW7O18
,Not Recommended,311560,32660473,Posted: 22 June,all,ARMOR_152,"Very Meh.Pros:Ship battles are really fun just like in Black FlagThe blow gun and grenade launcher are coolCons:Horrible console graphics.Story is ok but there is no reason at all to hunt, craft, upgrade anything, visit any extra location, or do anything other than fast travel to the main missions. It's a Ubisoft game so there's a thousand points on the map and a ton of worthless things to collect that you never will.If you're a big AC fan and want to play them all I would recommend this for $5-$10."
,Not Recommended,311560,32719694,Posted: 24 June,all,ExpressingHate,"This game is really bad, but it does have some redeeming qualities, but all of them are found in black flag. I'll list my likes and dislikes down belowPros:-The Naval combat in the North Atlantic is fun because of the ice-Some of the bug were fun and made me laugh.Cons:-Short Story Not even five hours (PS. I was just privatering and upgrading my ship for like 14 hours and I left in on while I was Eating and watching Youtube, so that's why I have 20ish hours.)-Boring Story-Boring Characters-No Character development-Little to no effort into making the player question who the bad guy really is, because they just make the assassins look like careless morons who are willing to work with thugs.-Stupid ship movement, That meaning the man of wars turn way to quickly and the Storm Fortress turns faster than your ship which makes no sense. Maybe Templar Technology?-Game breaking bugs. I had a bug where an assassination target who T pose and fly around while shooting making is nearly impossible to kill him.-Waves break the camera. I couldn't see anything while fighting in storms and was shooting blindly hoping to hit, and that goes to another point-Overly easy naval combat. Now don't get me wrong I love the naval combat, but it required no effort at all to win battles. An example was when I fought two man of wars with almost no upgrades and won. The exception being the Storm Fortress but that's not hard its just broken to make it hard.-Broken Controls. Now you may be thinking is nit piking, cause anyone who's played an AC game will know the controls are terrible, but this was just horrendous, I would lose fights because I couldn't counter attacks because it wasn't registering me hitting the key even though I did, and I would be climbing and I would just jump off a tower and kill myself.That about it, this was not worth 15 bucks (I got it on sale.) and I think it should of been a dlc for BF anyways that it.Sorry for any terrible grammer or spelling im writing this at 4 and I'll be far too lazy to edit it later.I'm also ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198142495856,Recommended,311560,21856086,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,SilentStorm,"I highly recommend this game if you are done with the concept of/the other assassins creed games, because this is a whole new chapter in the assassins creed series. I really liked this game because it is a serious assassins creed game and has a nice storyline"
76561198075382512,Recommended,311560,16649904,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Blue,I got to sail a Man O' War..........Take all my money.
,Recommended,311560,17258559,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,VENOMWEHBS,Not that bad. If you liked ac 3 and black flag you'll like this as well.7/10
,Recommended,311560,22100438,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ζερhα,Gr8
,Recommended,311560,28240304,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Rekkles #Acc4Sell,"It's a combination of Ac3 and Blackflag, so if you liked them you will definitely enjoy Rogue."
,Recommended,311560,29726435,Posted: 5 February,all,Ben Dova,wow what a good game
,Recommended,311560,28992748,Posted: 3 January,all,Swaggaccino,"Disappointed by Assassin's Creed Unity? Play Rogue instead.HIGHLY RECOMMEND.Recommended.On the fence.Play it when hell freezes over.Avoid like the plague.SIMILAR GAMES: Assassin's Creed 4, Prince of Persia, Far Cry 3/4SIMILAR MOVIES: Pirates of the Caribbean, Master and CommanderIt's a worth successor to Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag. If you haven't played AC4, then you are missing out on quite possibly one of the best games ever made. I've been a long time fan and supporter of the AC franchise. I've played every single game excluding Syndicate. Up until AC4, the series followed a very familiar formula - parkour, explore the map by climbing towers and updating your map, do challenges to earn up better weapons and armor upgrades, and progress through the story by assassinating bad guys and experiencing interesting plot twists. Every new AC game featured a few new concepts but it was mostly the same formula improved just a little bit by throwing in an extra minigame and tweaking some gameplay. By AC3, gamers got tired of this recycling. In addition, the game was hit with a lot of glitches and poor optimization. The formula was completely remade with the addition of naval warfare. This was one of the greatest additions to the series and it occured by accident. Basically you have a ship and a crew and you can choose to be a pirate and raid smaller ships for supplies in order to gain loot and money which you will later use to upgrade your ship and character. And yes, the naval battles are incredible. They are so amazing that part of the game can literally be it's own stand alone game. AC4 recieved a lot of praise from gamers and reviewers solely due to this one addition. What does Ubisoft do for the sequel? Forget naval warfare ever existed and return to the world of AC3 by creating AC: Unity.Unity has a complete letdown both from a gameplay and technical standpoint and as a result, the last-gen ""watered down"" console port completely flew underneath my radar. I didn't hear of anyone talk about or hype up Rogue until I discovered it during a sale and boy was I glad. It managed to deliver. It brought back naval warfare from AC4 and the wilderness from AC3 as well as added a few new features such as taking over ""gang"" forts. This works like naval forts but on land. You sabotage fort supplies, assassinate a leader, and cut the flag off. Boom, you've taken over the fort and gained revenue. There's also the addition of assassin interception missions where you protect a random civilian on the streets by attempting to find and kill the assassins before they kill the civilian. Finally, no glitches and no gimmicky CoOp features. Unfortunately no multiplayer either.The graphics are superb, the poor optimization of AC4 was fixed and the game runs remarkably well. I'm playing this game on a laptop GPU (670mx which is the equivalent of 560-660GTX). I had difficulties running AC4 on 1080p/low and got 20-30fps. With Rogue, I almost maxed it at 1080p and 40-50fps. So not only does the game run better but it also looks better.  Also, I strongly recommend a 360 controller for this. I love the KB&M but this is one of those few games where controller is actually superior. Multiple buttons are pushed at once and you need the precision of an analog stick to turn your ship. KB&M wouldn't be as comforting but it's doable.Overall, I recommend this game especially for $20. If AC4 was AC2: Brotherhood (which was the highlight of the Ezio saga), then Rogue would be like AC: Revelations. It didn't expand on much but it offered the same great gameplay and content if you were hungry for more. I picked it up for $10 and I got my money's worth. Don't bother with the time saver DLC - the farming in this game isn't that bad. The only real DLC - Templar Legacy - is decent but there's more then enough content in the main game to hold you over.  There's approximately 20-30 hours worth of content. If you enjoyed AC4 and were wanting more after Unity disappointed you, this game is for you and I urge you to pick it up. If you didn't enjoy AC4, then you might not enjoy Rogue. Also be warned, this game uses UPlay which is Ubisoft's digital distribution manager. It's not the best thing in the world but it works."
76561198315148722,Recommended,311560,28730419,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jackie Chan With An Uzi,"My CD keys for the DLC are not appearing, please help."
76561198195019419,Recommended,311560,26188253,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Madness,"Shays RebellionThis really should've been a DLC to Assassin's Creed 4. Nothing changes its the same but the templars view of things. Which I would argue is better but thats left to oppinion. The Story is a bit better than 4, But is very short. At the end of the day you know what happens in Asssasins Creed 3 so Shays part in the series amounts to ♥♥♥♥ all. So if your pirate boner is left lustin fo more then you might want to buy this game. Otherwise I would sudgest Syndicate. At least there is a train in that one.M"
,Recommended,311560,16891263,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,T3ddybear,"So.... Assassin's Creed... AC Games haven't had the best reputation on pc after AC IV: Black Flag and AC Unity. But I can for safely say that this game is very solid.I got this game on the steam summersale with the Unity-Rogue bundle and I am not dissapointed.PROS- In the terms of graphics this game is no stunner. Almost similar to AC IV: Black Flag with a few improvements. Then again it's surely not an ugly game either.- The setting is great, sailing in frosty seas, and the game really does a good job giving you that feel.- Even out of the Animus, there is lots of interesting things to find, as you repair computers and find notes. Much more interesting than in AC IV: Black Flag. Some things could for examble be a video with a interesting take on a charrecter we have interacted with or seen in other games!- Even though this game seem alot like AC IV: Black Flag and surtainly plays alot like it. They have managed to create a new game out of old stuff.CONS- The story is short. I completed this game in around 14-15 hours, with me slagging a bit. (Doing side objectives and so on) There is still more I can do and explore, but as for the main story it falls a bit short.- Price: For as good and solid game this is. It is not worth 50€. Especially if you have played both AC III and AC IV: Black Flag. Not to mention it's short story compared to the price, and many of the sideobjectives are nearly identical to the ones in AC IV: Black Flag, just with a little twist.- Bugs... Ah yes, what is an AC game without it's bugs? I have played them all, and I have found a bug in each one of them. It being console or pc they are still there and this game is not free of them either allthough very minor. The bugs I incountered: Assassinated a npc in a bush and your charrecter froze completely and couldn't move, where I had to restart the game. / Stuck on loading screen. / Unable to block even though I clearly pressed the button in time.- As a one last con... Uplay.... This game requires a 3rd-party DRM (As all ubisoft games do on steam.) and I can tell you that it just doesn't work. Crashing, half of the features not working, and very clunky to use. Especially because it doesn't work well with steam. So if you buy this game (Or any game from ubisoft) do be aware that.CONCLUSIONAll in all this is a good game with a heavy pricetag on it for what it is. Basicly an AC: IV: Black Flag game in AC III settings, with you playing as a templar. If you can get this game on a sale, it's definetly a win! Especially for the AC fans out there."
,Recommended,311560,28113790,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,WrathRox,"Great game but seems more like a sequel from Black Flag. Graphics are still amazing as usual for the Assassins Creed games. Have played and beaten black flag and can't wait to beat this one too. Got this game on the steam sale from the Thanksgiving/Black Friday 2016 sale. Also, got Black Flag, Rogue, Syndicate, and Unity. Have played and beaten Unity on console but want to see how the game is on PC."
76561198047868578,Recommended,311560,28114132,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,jcbvickers,"I am just going to come right out and say it, even if it's not the most popular opinion.  This is the best Assassin's Creed game that has ever been released.  Having played all the other games in the series it was incredibly unique to play from the enemy factions side of the fight.  The gameplay is exactly the same as Assassin's Creed 3 so if you've played that and liked it than you'll like this game's gameplay.  The story line of this game also connects to AC Unity which was released alongside this one.  If you're a fan of the series than get the game but it isn't a good place to start with it."
76561198201271111,Recommended,311560,28113032,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tuman,9Th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Excellent game. good story and revelations....... Love it!!!!
76561198016497038,Recommended,311560,28233424,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,sougo,"One of my favorite Assasin's Creed games ever made. I bought this orginally on PS3, played the hell out of it and bought it again on the Thanksgiving sale that's how much I like it.Playing as a Templer is an upgrade on just an Assassin that you play as in Black Flag as you get access to development of buildings (similar to AC 2) which helps with getting money and giving you less grinding to do (you only need to grind for resourses mainly metal and even that is easier in Rogue). It won't be long until you have more money then you know what to do with you get so much.Everything is an upgrade on 4 from bigger maps to better Shanties with the exception of Ledgendary battles I thought where better in 4 as the 3 battles in Rogue they're much easier and the ships themselves didn't really trigger any emotion like the first one. The exception is epic legendary battle (unlocked after you beat the first 3) which took me ages to beat on PS3 (luckily I beat it first go on PC)I really hope they make a sequal to this at some point. Love getting around in the ships and gives us a break from city life that most of the series has been."
,Recommended,311560,33199874,Posted: 3 July,all,Skytzo_Marc,"Enjoyed playing as the ""other-side.""  Very much like AC IV: Black Flag, but that's hardly a bad thing."
,Recommended,311560,20218631,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,toplinE,"Nice game , The Missions are fun but just one thing..I dont know what the hell is going on with the editors, Butto sail about 10 hours from the time of playing the game , In a boat like 5 min To get to urMission location , Its really dumb...You sailing on the water , Without doin' Anything...Not The best , But its ok :|"
76561198059052820,Recommended,311560,29456097,Posted: 23 January,all,Helmuth von Pannwitz,"I absolutely loved this story. Beating the hell out of Achilles and his multi-kulti gang of thugs was so satisfying. The Seven Years War provided a good backdrop to the story. The war mechanics were really fun too,"
,Recommended,311560,33253622,Posted: 4 July,all,Aomine~大輝,negative:only 6 sequences. (too expensive for the price)too many collectibles to get unlockable outfits.positive:game was well optimized for pc. had high performance on low end laptop.nice gameplay.nice storyline.interesting character.
,Recommended,311560,33289070,Posted: 5 July,all,Kriisikka,"Too much wilderness in ACIII, too much sailing in ACIV:BF. This one combines a reasonable amount of both sailing and wilderness and throws in a fair sized city (NY) to boot. Plays on the strengths of the two previous games without stooping to repeating the faults in them. Also the protagonist actually has a likeable personality. Technically AC Rogue is a cut and paste job of older game mechanics, but much more balanced. Plus ice bergs and aurora borealis. This is the best AC right after the Ezio trilogy."
76561198073735465,Recommended,311560,16282123,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,stunt man is [Läzy],"Higly recommended for AC fans. If you loved Black Flag, you will love this one even more. Gameplay is somewhat similar to Black Flag, that includes hunting, crafting, being a pirate, upgrading your ship, combat, collectibles, taverns, etc. However, there is more than that. There are new additions to the games which makes the game pretty much awesome to play, I am telling that from what I have encountered so far, but there could be more interesting things to do in the game. You can even hunt polar bears now, and they have added more animals you can hunt. But, that's only the minor upgrade to the game, there are other nice additions as well.At first, the gameplay looks like another Black Flag with different environment settings, but after hanging on to it for a while, the game turned out to be pretty good with a good story line to follow. Nice graphics and minor neglictible glitches. If you have second thoughts about buying this game, don't, go ahead and get this one and enjoy the game.GG."
,Recommended,311560,28191059,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,✬ Sтorмωιnd ✬,One of the best Assassin's Creed It's worth it!
76561198185333789,Recommended,311560,33605642,Posted: 17 July,all,erJelG,Nice boating
,Recommended,311560,32875416,Posted: 27 June,all,Pascua,"I finally have the game after years ago being a PS3 and Xbox 360 exclusive. But this version frequently crashes. It's a random chance (that ""ac.exe stopped working..."" error and stuff). I tried to look for solutions and nothing works for me and I failed in my refund request because I pass the playtime limit.Anyway, I can take the positive side. As far as I could play, it seems to be a good Black Flag's sequel. It was wonderful to relive the naval fights and explore the map while scavenging ship wrecks, chest, and stuff.It's a shame that I can't play this game properly after years, but I can't do nothing else."
,Recommended,311560,25078354,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jim,One of the best Assassin's Creed games!
76561198001572388,Recommended,311560,33612928,Posted: 17 July,all,Moist Money,"♥♥♥♥ the self rightous assassins and their sneaky♥♥♥♥♥♥tactics.If you feel the same way as I do, and enjoyed The Black Flag, then this game is probably for you!Almost every seafighting mechanic is the same with TBF but in here you have modified cannon shots like the explosive one and so on. Seas are not at all as bright and calm as it was in the Carribbean, which makes you kinda gloomy after sometime. The cold setting has brought some new sea features such as ice breaking and icebergs which are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when fighting off the enemy ships.Storyline is pretty short for a standalone game which is like 6 sequences or so. Also in my opinion the whole from assassin to Templar conversion is just too long. Might as well pop 2-3 missions with a good explanatory cutscene and let us fly the colours.It feels genuinely good to hunt assassins down, as a person who has finished all the AC franchise games (some more than one), I always hated the assassins and their own self centered understanding of truth and freedom. In the end they are just some antipatic murderers who did not know what they were messing with. Meanwhile good guy Templars are just calculating, thinking, designing and keeping the order and peace. You will get to agree to that as you play along and see assassins and their cuntness. So yeah...All and all there are some minor bugs and glitches, I had to reload saves like 2-3 times because the guy I was supposed to kill was non existent and so on but it is a Ubisoft game so you already know what you are signing up for.As in performance it runs pretty smooth for a console port.As conclusion: 8/10. Nothing extra new or special with the AC series but I hope to see a sequel to this one as playing as the Templars was pretty refreshing and badass. Get it while you can."
76561198043641041,Recommended,311560,28200163,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Doggie,"it's a really nice game, and worth the time! specially if you love ships and pirates."
76561198092965986,Recommended,311560,23112428,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ThatPCgamer,Better than Unity but not quite Black Flag. It is pretty cool being a Templar for a change.
76561198040035812,Recommended,311560,26649775,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Matinger,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥1 of the best AC´s ever
76561198079571401,Recommended,311560,29918527,Posted: 14 February,all,ControllerOfHillz,ok
,Recommended,311560,23018080,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
,Recommended,311560,21109939,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Vaughn,"This really is a good Assassin's Creed game, if you buy this you will be in for alot of surprises especially about certain characters which will be brought up! also the Versailles finale is great!There are new weapons and parcour is pretty good if you ask me. (Even thought Shay has the same animations as Edward which is kind of a dissapointment but the story and setting makes up for it.)Really, buy this game."
,Recommended,311560,28327618,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Le Chat Est Noir,This has got to be the best AC ever!
,Recommended,311560,32723704,Posted: 24 June,all,♣Average_Joe♣,I absolutely love this game. The story is unique compared to other games in the series and is also fairly interesting. Then again I am one of those people who really liked the way connor acted in AC3 so take my review with a grain of salt. I will say that Shay has a personality and can be funny.
,Recommended,311560,21984872,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Earth Ultimatum IV.,"One of the worthy Assassin's Creed games.Fine exploration, good graphics, excellently optimised. The story is okay and main character is probably the only interesting character in the entire series (Templars are the good guys, what a surprise).Controls are very bulky, some missions are annoying, and swordplay is boring and dull.Overall, a pretty decent game."
,Recommended,311560,20549617,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Stockx,"If you liked AC IV: Black Flag, you will like this one. It's Assassin's Creed 4.5, very similar to IV but enough originality and new content to make it it worth buying.Note: although released around the same time of AC Unity, this is in the same engine as AC IV.I did found it shorter than IV."
76561198103469518,Recommended,311560,22040797,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Os71UM_|Porter|,a brand new kind of ac seriesdifferent point of view of howthe assassins workreally like this kind of series
,Recommended,311560,21471148,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,R4DFIELD,"Rogue was a nice change of pace storywise, finally get to see the real purpose of the templars, and actually makes you wonder what's going on with the assassin's order, having played all the time as an assassin you always thought you were going for the greater good, but have you?Performance wise, it is a port of the last AC game from previous generation consoles, it looks alright and performs surprisingly fine, locked at 60fps.This title is definitely one of the better ones, it's easier to get into storywise if you haven't played or aren't interested in the whole series."
76561198007486006,Recommended,311560,29771020,Posted: 7 February,all,claudiassj,"More Assassin's creed...If we consider the game in itself, it is actually pretty good; it is everything AC III should have been, with some help from AC IV. However, it does not exist outside of its franchise, and all the cool stuff that would have made AC III a good game and that made AC IV a decent game is already familiar, and this game made no effort in renovating the gameplay.The beginning of the US were (mildly) interesting in AC III; pirates were awesome in AC IV; ships were something new in both; however, they were cool because they were something different. Now, they feel like something seen again and again. When you expect to play an assassin and actually spend most of your time attacking ships, it gets old pretty soon. However, you cannot completely skip this part either, because without a powerful ship you cannot go on with the story.All of this said, the story is definitely better than its immediate predecessors, and if you liked Black Flag you will love this too. I still feel like recommeding it because it is a good Assassin's Creed, but as a game in general it has many traits of a missed opportunity."
76561198073460225,Recommended,311560,31587698,Posted: 6 May,all,Phil Swift,"A beautiful, underrated entry in the Assassin's Creed series which very well may be falling from grace. I myself was a huge fan of Assassin's Creed, then I started drifting off after the first original four games. Rouge was my attempt to get back in it. With games like Unity, and Syndicate, this is an amazing breath of fresh air.PROS:+ Nice Graphics+ Well designed open world+ Sailing (If you liked that from Black Flag, don't worry it's not overused)+ A great story that drifts from traditional Assassin's Creeds+ Not a lot of outside of Animus segments (Which I think everyone hates being taken out of the Animus)+ Parkour is fluid and has plenty of variety+ Ending Leaves you satisfiedCONS:- Open world has plenty of things to do, but only a few are actually interesting and fun. Side missions aren't too great. Quality v. Quantity- Forts. The forts where you would attack from your ship and then go in to raid them just didn't draw me in. They seemed like a waste of time and the ship attacking segment with your cannons is a bit too long for my taste and a bit boring.- Depending on your definition, the story may be short. About 11-12 hours of campaign. I just wish there was more of it. A decently long story.OVERALL RATING: 8.5/10A must buy for any fan of Assassin's Creed."
76561197990994604,Recommended,311560,34419419,Posted: 22 August,all,gophergutts,Had allot of fun. It brought parts of past games together.
,Recommended,311560,15242363,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,super speed drive,this is a very good modern adaptation of black flag that gives u everything u know from black flag without making u have to actually to learn new mechanics
,Recommended,311560,33733134,Posted: 22 July,all,Father Who Has Fallen From Grace,Fights all the ledgendary ships. Wow that was easy goes to epic ledgendary a single Man o' war aginst you and a british fleet ship sinks your entire fleet almost insantly the takes out a bar of your health. Then you your about to defeat it and two more Legendary Man o' Wars come in just like ooo hello there and you have health thus instantly sinking.
,Recommended,311560,16192510,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,tiny homosexual,"Quite possibly one of my favourite games in the entire series, to be frank. The story, both of the main game and the minimal amount found in the modern segments, alone was enough to make what I spent well worth it. The game play is smooth and has little to no glitches, and while the graphics aren't as nice as Unity the game still looks fantastic.The only possible complaint I could have about this game is that it would've been nice to have more plot for the modern day parts, and I miss having the old multiplayer around."
,Recommended,311560,17026287,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Gamer Shezma,"Yes, yes, and yes. What i loved about AC 3 still with the annoying boats in AC 4.  Story is better than unity and looks and plays better."
,Recommended,311560,17943322,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Raff,"This is an excellent entry to the AC franchise.They have improved everything 4 did well: ship combat is faster and more dynamic, parkour has been slightly improved, you can skip the boring♥♥♥♥♥fleet combat.The story is really, REALLY good, it happens before and after AC3, and is the catalyst for Unity, right at the end.Performance is surprisingly GREAT, althought it is gaphically inferior to AC4, in my system it never went below 60 fps (V-synch on)."
,Recommended,311560,16803281,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Morgana,"The best DLC for AC: Black Flag with improved optimization.AC IV.V : White Flag.Instead of pirate, you are navy.Instead of assassin, you are templar.Instead of hood, you wear mask."
,Recommended,311560,16799130,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,TheKildar,"Honestly after the monster that was Unity I promised myself I was never going to buy another AC game, I am glad I changed my mind based on the reviews of others and due to the summer sale, this game is fantastic and if you enjoyed black flag you will love this game, runs well and is well optimized, makes Unity look like a joke, expanded naval combat abilities and upgrades, many many sidequests and unlockable outfits with the dlc, overall a very good addition to the series I hope Syndicate comes out just as well but I will still be waiting to see how it is received before deciding if I will or not."
,Recommended,311560,14929810,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Rusty,"Like many others, I was unsure about this game. When launch day arrived, I saw that people were giving it good reviews so decided to get it. I'm glad I did.Shay is an interesting and worthy character. This is an interesting and worthy game with a story that I appreciate having the privilege of experiencing. Yes, it can get uncomfortable at times having to do the things Shay does. However, it was also innovative of them to have a game from the point of view of someone that goes rogue.Rogue feels and plays a lot like Black Flag. However, story wise, it seems more fitting as a companion piece to 3. There's even a connection to--well, I won't spoil it but if and when you do see it coming, it's quite a neat little addition.It's not perfect and I admit that graphics wise, it does feel somewhat dated compared to Unity. However, the simple fact is that, Rogue is a fun game, a lot more fun then Unity. Some will find the combat too easy. While it is easy (aside from some opponents that can be a pain to fight) compared to Unity, or at least easier, it's still a good game.Yes, as with Black Flag, there are ship upgrades you more or less need to have, some of which require a lot ship boarding to be able to afford that can get repetitive. Wether this is an issue or not depends on how much you enjoy the ship combat sections. If you don't, it is a bit of a drawback. However, unlike Black Flag, there are far less of the at times infuriating tailing missions that plagued Black Flag. So, at least we have that.  Also, unless I'm remembering wrong, there isn't quite as much emphasis on the ship missions (though there still are plenty) so the issue of having to upgrade the ship while there, isn't omnipresent.Having played the main story through to completion (with plenty still left to do side activity wise), I admit that Rogue doesn't feel quite as large as the other games. However, it's still an overall worthy experience where the annoyances that pop-up from time to time (that in all fairness are a part of just about any Assassin's Creed game) don't seem to drag the overall game down. In fact, the annoyances are the sort you may well forget about or at least try to forget about as to not taint the game because of one small annoying part or part of a mission that went wrong etc.I'll end this review saying that this *is* an Assassin's Creed game. It's a good game that shows us some interesting things that we perhaps didn't know we were missing from the more recent games. Even though it might feel uncomfortable to play the role Shay plays at times, I think making a game where you do as such was innovative and a diversion that we needed."
76561198035826989,Recommended,311560,16137808,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Korkrag,"I enjoyed this game. However, It's very short, it's quite easy and the modern day bits that are in all the Assassins Creed games, are more annoying than ever, with their patronising ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Think of it as a spin off of Black Flag, A few alternate features and tiny differences. With a slightly different story.If you enjoyed Black Flag, you will most likely enjoy this game. I do however suggest waiting for steam to put this on sale. Then you can get this game at a price more accurate to how much it's worth."
76561198108652639,Recommended,311560,16198662,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,IDontLiftICarry,"Assassin's Creed Rogue, a short but juicy storyline that tells a story of Shay Cormac and a random guy at Abstergo.  You betray your creed because they do not realize how powerful the artifacts of the Ones That Came Before are and are continually investigating on precursor sites and destroying cities. This game shows that not all Templars (especially Haytham and Shay) are bad guys and not all Assasins are good guys. Oh yeah, and the guy at Abstergo. You play as him in first person and is being bossed around by a few people because you're a ""numbskull"" and you get lost around the place often. You only play as him when you need to fix Abstergo servers to unlock the other parts of Shay's story. Everytime you pop out of Shay's story just to fix servers, try... not to smash your screen ok? Like I said, this game is short but amazing. It only took me 12 hours to finish the story and not the side quests."
,Recommended,311560,16837214,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,"Another AC game came to an end. This one takes place between AC4 and AC3 timeline wise. The game is very similar to AC4 but with AC3 graphics and therefore performance. 60 fps all the way. Story is not the typical AC either. You play Shay, an assassin turned templar who fills in the story gaps between AC4 and 3. Also it bridges the games to AC 5. Was quite small though and you'd think that it was a DLC for AC 4 than a stand alone title..."
,Recommended,311560,28355301,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,alexander_,give feels of blackflag goodgame
,Not Recommended,311560,33460340,Posted: 11 July,all,acadclinton,"Solid ground, interesting subject, but weak story telling and gameplay.Should have put much more effort.Gameplay is almost the copy of AC4.Nothing new nor appealing."
76561198159205252,Recommended,311560,25820716,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,paul_hanna84,Another great Assassins Creed game!
76561198247032572,Recommended,311560,23142317,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ishiku U~Iriamuzu,I think its the only Assassin's Creed game that has you be a templar throughout the entire game.
,Recommended,311560,35282579,Posted: 28 September,all,Domerator,A sadly overlooked game that manages to live up to the example of Black Flag and then some.
,Recommended,311560,29243586,Posted: 14 January,all,Shield Pearl,The last great Assassins Creed game.
76561198085860802,Recommended,311560,35276530,Posted: 28 September,all,Chief,"BEST. ASSASSIN'S CREED. GAME. YET.Best theme music, best storyline, best character, best setting. 10/10 BUY THIS GAME NOW."
,Recommended,311560,33198461,Posted: 3 July,all,SHADOW,"So I've finished the game...ops...the story :D (28h) so it's tiem to give my opinionONE Of THE BESTThe fact we play with an assassin that became the templar, realizing that the assassins were represanting a danger to the world... the naval (An upgraded version of AC4)... and the ending... (much better than AC4)In this game we see that assassins are not only rainbows... I don´t mean Achiles is evil... but what he was doing was a danger..."
76561198032370284,Not Recommended,311560,35274515,Posted: 28 September,all,Grendel,"Enjoyed Black Flag but this seems like a shortened, generally downgraded, and glitchier version of the same thing. The story is the only redeeming feature and it's still pretty meh, and short of course.But yeah maybe if you like AC games it's worth an on sale purchase to whittle away some time, but I'm not even sure about that. That's how I felt about the game anyway."
76561198062769774,Recommended,311560,22893932,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,delemus,"buggier than a hookers bush, but still fun."
,Recommended,311560,22294848,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Foxtrot,"AC: Rogue was an enjoyable title, the gameplay and feel was very much like ACIV, another fantastic title. Rogue felt like an extension of ACIV, and it maintained my interest in the mechanics of the previous game.Story:Our story begins with Shay, an assassin who is a pupil of Aquilles, the assassin who teaches us in ACIII. An action by the assassins severs Shay's trust in them and begins his descent toward the Templar side. On our way we begin to understand more about the Templars and really see the other side of the coin. The present day storyline is still present, and we still play as the same Abstergo employee from ACIV. This time we're given even more backstory and introduced to a few new characters that bring us closer to understanding the Templars.Gameplay:The gameplay is just like ACIV, with a few new gimmicks and weapons for our character and ship. The part I enjoyed most was the range that the Air Rifle introduced. Taking down an entire compound with it was very easy and fun to do, though it did make fights too easy and took away the challenge of having to hide in haystacks and around corners like in ACII. Also from ACIV we don't have 4 pistols anymore, only 2. We maintain our 2 swords and many other weapons like the rope darts, berserk/sleep darts. and of course our hidden blades. A few new additions are added into the game, such as an enemy type that strikes quickly and quietly like an assassin would, but the game makes it easy to find and kill these enemies if you pay attention. Also there are gang compounds which you can clear out and take over in order to access your fleet and bank. The ship combat is pretty similar to ACIV with some new ship additions and we still have ""Legendary Battles.""Bugs/glitches/What I hatedAMD GPU users are at a loss with this game, something caused the game to crash as soon as the story was launched if the environment setting was set beyond normal even if your GPU is more than capable of running the game. This title still suffers from the age old AC problem in which your character will sometimes not respond to commands and plummet to his death instead of jumping to a nearby ledge. One of my favorite glitches was with an assassin we had to kill falling into the ocean and his marker sinking and sinking until I had to restart the mission. Some of the things I hated include the large amounts of animus fragments and the fact that gang HQs really gave no advantage and were just another way for you to see your fleet and visit the bank. There really weren't many new outfits, cool guns, or swords either.Final verdict:Get this game if you enjoyed ACIV and would like more of that great ship combat, this is a very solid title and defenitely should be picked up on sale. It adds just enough to feel like it's own story but is pretty plain when compared to ACII or ACIV. I enjoyed playing this game and had fun with it, maybe you will too."
76561198063281813,Recommended,311560,22857166,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,InsanityWolf,"Assassin's Creed Rogue is basically Assassin's Creed Black Flag 1.5. It's a reskinned version of the great pirate-themed Assassins Creed that came out the year before, but with a few nice refinements. The story is very short and basic, and not that interesting. I never really warmed to the main character that shifts from Assassin to Templar after being betrayed by them. His motivations to change sides seemed pretty shallow, and strangely the Assassins that you deal with in the game act like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the Templars act like bros, so it just felt like in this instance, it felt right to swap sides. If this character had been working with another Assassin brotherhood, this would not have happened.The gameplay is pretty solid though, you can run around an outpost swapping between stealth and combat pretty easily, and the naval combat is as fun as ever. You just don't feel invested in wanting to unlock everything or see every location like you do in Black Flag.If you are an Assassin's Creed fan, and you can get this cheap, it's worth a run through. It's just not that interesting as a whole. It does however come with a nice revelation at the end that links it into the next game in the series (chronologically) which is Assassin's Creed Unity.Pros- Solid gameplay mechanics, refining all the skills and features introduced in the previous games- Probably one of the easiest to use, and most lethal characters to play as in the franchise- The game looks and runs great- Nice ending that links up with Assassin's Creed UnityCons- Short and simple story that isn't that interesting in comparison to the other entries in the series- You don't end up caring about any of the characters except for the few that were present in other entries in the series- Doesn't really reveal anything new about the Templars that we didn't know before- No Templar specific skills or weapons. You are basically an Assassin working for the Templars."
,Recommended,311560,16702489,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,David Will,"A pleasant surprise. It's refreshed the Black Flag experience and taken out the things that made it feel a bit dragged out, it's a shame the graphics aren't quite up to modern day standards and this should have reflected a bit more in the price. I picked it up in the sale for about £26, that price was perfect as the storyline is great and the gameplay kept me interested far more than Black Flag's.I'm actually getting bored and tired of the Assasins storyline since they killed off Desmond Miles (the balancing between modern/historical has been dramatically killed off) and would rather play as a Templar in more of the games; or at least have the option to branch out that way. We need something where you can play between both the modern and old in the same style, I would love to be an assassin/templar in a modern setting."
76561198170074143,Recommended,311560,19324539,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Fb||Hobohunter104,"Great Assassins Creed game. It doesn't change much from Black Flag, but what's wrong with taking a good formula and polishing it to perfection? If you liked Black Flag, III, or both, GET ROGUE!"
76561198128990479,Recommended,311560,17099223,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Dark Acher,It's one of my favorite Assassins Creed games that i have played
76561198072170685,Recommended,311560,17463363,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,National_Insecurity,Great game to play! My favortite of all the Assassin's creed genre.
,Recommended,311560,18839665,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,whiskeY./JacKisLove,"I have no words for ubisoft.. 60 FPS on ultra settings? Great story that reminds me of good old AC 2, Revelations? This really doesnt seems like game from ""new"" ubisoft does it? But its actually true.. this game was released the same day as unity was, but unity was just as piece of crap, which wasnt even working well, and you were lucky if you got 30 FPS on LOW. But here it is completely different. As i said, 60 FPS on ultra was a great shock for me, since i have played AC IV right before and i hardly got 15-20 FPS on ultra. Then the story was great, playing as a templar is just fun, and it is showing us why main character Shay went ""rogue"" very good. Only con for me is that the story was short.. 8-10 hours.. However, thats the only thing i can point out. It was totally worth 30€ i have put into it. Cheers//EDIT: Played twice now, but i still think that i would like to play again later."
76561198105017102,Recommended,311560,24183239,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,【V】KingOdin,"this game is probely fun IF YOU DIDN'T PLAY AC BLACKFLAG TOO, it looks way to much on black flag to enjoy it. but it's probely really fun if you havn't play black flag first. they optimised the game too. it runs very smooth."
,Recommended,311560,27940727,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ian,I used to play this everday on my xbox 360.This is the best assassin's creed game ever imo.
,Recommended,311560,18807587,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Chainsy,"This game is quickly becoming my favourite Assassins's Creed game to date, a true hidden gem in the series, Although shorter than your average AC game, the gameplay more than makes up for this. Think of this game as more of a Black Flag 2.0 with improved ship combat and great addtions to on foot content. This game did the impossible and made the out of amimus sections actually enjoyable with exploring the depths of Abstergo Entertainment collecting lore about the series and characters in it. Overall this game is definatly worth a play, a fantastic budget price AC game."
,Recommended,311560,17438561,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,"Hello, Food?",BEST ASSASSINS CREED EVER
,Recommended,311560,14862024,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Duchess,"So after 30 odd hours i thought i'd write a reasonable review because my thoughts on this game have changed alot.So at first i wasnt so keen on ubisoft relaseasing another game so shortly after Unity, which i think i speak for everyone, despite an attempt at a next-gen engine, it was still average at best. Rogue to me feels like im playing the best bit of the AC franchise, The ship from AC4 and the same unchanged New York map from AC3 to name a few. Some elements from previous multiplayer have also been added in, despite there being an actual multiplayer.My main attractions to Rogue would be the tie-ins to other parts of the franchise, the expansion on the Kenway saga from Black Flag, the Birth of Achillies and his part in AC4 (seems like a sequel, Fast and Furious flash back anyone, *cough* Han *cough*). This also raises another issue i have however, these connections seem very much like Ubisoft are tying loose end to the AC4 and AC3 series, which we saw happen in revelations.Obviosuly this game is far better than Revelations, but is it? im not saying rogue is a cash cow but if the same thing is happening again and ubisoft are working on something in the background, Rogue is nothing more than a slight o' hand (see the pirate reference?), a very visually appealing one at that, they went pretty hard out with this one, even if it is just tying up loose ends and mamking the whole Benjamin Franklin and Achilies issues seem more realistic, it was worth it.Touching on that further, despite being released after PS3/4 and XB360/1, Rogue also had a lower realease cost, which also leads me to believe there is more in store for his franchise, this is in no way the end, ubisoft opened a can of worms by releasing the Templar play with Shay and i personally think it will breathe new light into a somewhat dying franchise.Some things i disagree with:- Bring back the crouch, creates a better sense of realism, i literally walked passed enemies and no one even battered an eye lid. (not legit)- Bring back multiplayer, even if it was only the sailing, i would play that for hours. Seriously, that would have made this game epic.- Hunting is no fun, i dont know anyone who enjoys the hunting challenges.Give this one a go, if you liked the ship from AC4 and Black Flag then its even better here Rogue, Also there is less ""land play"" which made me happy.Have to congratulate Ubisoft here, well rounded game, stable enough for a PC version of AC, playable and enjoyable.P.s Dont take the ship away again.Cheers,Lordelicious."
,Recommended,311560,14856618,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Shootin Pootin,"""I make my own luck"""
,Recommended,311560,25244900,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Suk Mike Hok,Assassin's Creed 4 on drugs
,Recommended,311560,20129888,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TeeGeee #Dizomania,"Ce pot sa spun despre acest joc ? Este foarte scurt dar in acelas timp leaga povestea dintre AC4 si Ac3ProSoundtrack : Este absolut fenomenal .Vocea actorilor : Fiecare dintre actori si-au luat rolul in serios , chiar au facut o treaba buna baietii de la ubisoftPovestea : O fi ea saracacioasa , dar te ajuta sa intelegi intreaga poveste.Gameplay : Pur si simplu este ok, nu prea am de comentat . Gameplay-ul este asemanator ca cel din AC4Grafica : Este fenomenal, atmosfera este incredibila, peisajele sunt exceptionale. Numai cuvinte de lauda la acest aspect.ContraRaci in zona inghetata pe tarm ?Buguri : Ba ramaneam blocat intr-un gard, ba in copac, ba zburam dintr-un copac direct in cap si direct desincronizare.Ba cand urcam pe Morigan incepeam sa sar dintr-o parte in alta fara motiv.Da oameni buni ... sa scufundat Morigan, am patit si eu bugul acesta. Dar surprinzator a revenit la normal.Incercam sa ma urc pe o casa, si dragul nostru SHAY refuza sa se catere.Si un ultim lucru : Fulgere in timp-ul unei furtuni de zapada?Bine sa nu fiu carcotas , sunt buguri minore care nu afecteaza experienta de joc. Unele mi sau parut amuzante, altele frustrante.ConcluzieDaca vedeti la un pret redus jocul ( Maxim 7 euro ) si vreti sa-l jucati pentru poveste si pentru a explora toata mapa. Atunci se merita sa dati banii pe joc. Daca vrei sa joci doar pentru poveste,ai fi surprins ca o sa-l termini in maxim 5 ore.Dar daca esti fan Assassins Creed, ar fi bine sa nu-ti lipseasca acest joc in libraria ta de jocuri.Nota finala 9 ."
76561198257901929,Recommended,311560,32169187,Posted: 3 June,all,Beaker09,"I played Rogue right after Assassins Creed III, both were awesome, and the stories compliment eachother greatly. If you havent played either, id recommend both (in that order)Rogue was a great mix of AC3 and Black Flag, most peoples favorites. Shay isn't anywhere near as likeable as past characters, but then again hes a filthy templar."
,Recommended,311560,14880367,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Rasta,The best Assassin's Creed game I've ever played.11/10 Would slaughter Assassins A-GAIN(Irish accent).
,Not Recommended,311560,19320130,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bahuemac,"(Voted down to highlight the negatives)It's a good game when seen as the Black Flag 1.5 it essentially is. There are some gameplay details that are slightly improved/extended and a good bunch of new areas to explore. It's neither reinventing the wheel nor moving away from proven ideas and as such solid/good enough in gameplay ways.But there are story/character details that are bugging me.The Assassins vs Templars thing is getting old, least when done like here. Other reviewers are praising how the Templars are shown less evil, but that happens by what felt as a cheap switching of sides. The labels ""Assassins"" and ""Templars"" were basically exchanged. It's the same concept that I may have seen too many times: An ""arms"" (Precursor sites) race between both sides that ends in just another undecided semi-tie. Your present self being - like in Black Flag - an uninteresting name-, face- and voiceless Abstergo employee referred to by another character only as ""numbskull"" (and openly so - perhaps he should quit the job or submit a complaint about bullying?) roaming the same Abstergo Entertainment offices as you did in Black Flag, albeit less crowded, to relive/play through the life of an Assassin/Templar that is never mentioned elsewhere and brings no conclusion to anything (there is a small tie-in to Unity, but it doesn't look like there was much to it) hardens the feeling that Ubisoft stalls the progression of the overarching story to keep up the facade of a reality-imitating, self-advertising and never-ending franchise.Shay turns his coat for an event that - despite its severe impact on parts of civilian life - could be seen as a petty misunderstanding. ""Dude, just talk to them again, don't be so hasty!"" one might want to tell him. It feels forced. More so by how the Assassins, least those Shay is opposing, are now supposed to be reckless mass-murderers who suddenly don't care as much about their buddies or civilians and who are now sharing some of the same silly speeches upon facing death as your cliché Templar baddies. (""Hah, we tricked you all along you fool! But since I got nothing better to do while dying in this puddle of blood before you I'll just give you a hint towards our super-secret plan to rule/free the world regardless only so you can foil it! And while we're at it: Please take this Precursor artifact as well, I won't need it anymore, dead as I'm soon going to be!).It even feels like a kind of insult that the Assassins you fight - some important figures from previous games - seem to be lacking their own skills. They are sometimes prancing about small areas of objectives literally waiting for you to air-assassinate them only with nameless grunts/thugs as meatshields. (Apparently trying to stay ""under the radar"" has become irrelevant to the Assassins, a bunch of people that can only be called  common gangs put a variant of their signature symbol all over places and are bullying and terrorizing civilians on their behalf). You can kill them as easily as any stupid Templars. They hardly feel different, and it's just as hard to actually regret what you are doing. They are depicted as sort-of-madmen throughout many parts. (They lack the evil voices and cold-blooded slaughtering of disobedient minions, but they aren't far from it). Shay is often voicing doubts about his actions against either faction (if he isn't pronouncing cockily for like the twentieth time that he ""makes his own luck""), and his voice actor is doing rather good, but it won't help the overall feeling that things are forced and shallow. The intention must've been to blur the lines between both factions but despite probably best intentions it's done in an unimpressive, predictable, boring manner.Shay has no great motivations. Proper reasoning has never been the strength of the series but it falls flatter here than ever. He feels very non-descriptive, siding with whoever would help him best in his vague concept of saving civilian life. And as luck would have the Templars are there when he just bailed the Assassins and got away against all odds - how convenient. He has lost no family (Ezio, Connor), he wasn't genuinely wronged by anyone (Altaïr), he has no social injustice to deal with (Aveline, Adéwalé), there is no one for him to swear true revenge to. What he cares for aside from all the factions bickering is hardly given any exposition and if it weren't for rather lucky or unlucky circumstances no one necessarily intended to have happen he might have never joined any faction to begin with. At one point he compares the lustful ladies of different places but that kind of character trait was already served with young Ezio and Edward Kenway. Even the latter with his fits of greed and wishes for an ""easy"" and ""good"" life he would want to ""taste"" was more tangible and sympathetic than what the rather cold and blank Shay can muster. Him switching sides happens rather quickly, you don't get warm with his friends/co-Assassins either, and a minute after having met them you pretty much know you are going to fight them so why even bother?Something schizophrenic: You can kill civilians without desynchronization. Fans of the series might have secretly wished for that in years. But it's highly anticlimactic considering Shay betrays the Assassins only so he can save civilians instead of mass-murdering them. Even if you cast that faulty logic aside: It's not much fun killing civilians anyway because bounty hunters will be ""sent"" after you almost immediately (they spawn close to you out of thin air once your ""wanted"" level hits stage one - after three civilian kills - and they instantly jump you) who annoyingly block/parry a great part of your attacks in an otherwise highly unchallenging and massively forgiving game. A lack of difficulty isn't something bad per-se, I play the series mainly for story/characters/exploration, but such ways of artificial difficulty spikes aren't exciting to deal with when done so bluntly and a real bummer when meant to throttle down on a new feature before it had even a chance to prove itself. But I guess there had to be strict limits to this or else age ratings might have shot up a level.What genuinely disappoints/annoys me is that the present-time story is absolutely not progressing. Some dubious Abstergo superior is trying to tell you your work is oh-so-important and stuff, acting and talking to you in irritatingly vague and mysterious ways spurting hollow and meaningless phrases (""You will understand soon"", ""Be prepared for the coming time"" etc. - I had to roll my eyes whenever I heard such lines, I'd consider quitting such a seemingly trivial job if people started talking like that to me). I believe the present-time story is one of the more interesting aspects about the series as it holds more potential and freedom in writing than the past-time scenarios that are necessarily forced to roughly follow historic facts and to avoid time paradoxi (balance of power) making even the best of them predictable in ways. But I guess the present-time story cannot be progressed as much without leading the entire series to an end, so as long as Ubisoft won't be willing to do that it will not advance at all or only at a snail's pace. Which is a ♥♥♥♥ing shame."
,Recommended,311560,22199999,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mirtis,"8,5/10"
76561198085171447,Recommended,311560,20102831,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,dogboat333,"Assassin's Creed is starting to turn into the franchise that makes Call of Duty pause for a moment and reconsider what it's doing with it's life. Yet... I dunno, yeah, it is getting tiring to see the same stuff over and over again each year, but ACreed somehow keeps the formula interesting enough. Don't ask me how, even I don't know, but I can safely say that for the most part, every ACreed game is alright at the least. In 2014, however, AC Unity was released and was a buggy mess. I can't comment on that game but I haven't played it yet. But that same year, Ubisoft released their last ACreed game for the old gen software, Rogue. So I got the two in the sale and started up Rogue. After finishing it, I decided to start up a review. So what did I think? Well, ain't that the purpose of this review? Let's take a look.STORY: Your name is Shay Patric Cormack. You are an Assassin working in the American colonies... or, at least, you were. After you might've caused Lisbon to have a massive earthquake after retrieving an artifact on orders of the Assassin's, you end up leaving the Assassins and you join the Templars. You end up going after your old friends from your former Assassin bretheren to get the equipment that they used to find the artifacts that did this. It is a very different story, and it did keep me entertained, but... I dunno, I wouldn't call it that good. I mean, it isn't bad, heck, I say it's decent, but it really doesn't keep you interested half the time. The other half, it is pretty interesting, but still. But it's alright, so I won't complain. It takes place during the Seven Years War in that period in between 3 and you also seeArno, the protagonist of Unity, so that's kind of neat.GAMEPLAY: Same gameplay, different game. Literally, since this is just AC Black Flag in AC3's location. You have ship battles, sneaky assassinations, usual stuff. One thing that is new is the new Assassin Hunt feature. There might be an assassin hiding at places you go. You have to go into eagle sense in order to figure this out, then follow a little compass- like that points you to where they are hiding. This is a neat feature, and I know they can't add it to the usual ACreed games, but if they do this idea again they should readd it. It was fun. The rest of the stuff is alright. Don't fix it if it ain't broke, I guess. Kept me occupied for 27 hours (I know game says 19, but steam glitched out) so not bad.GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCE: Don't expect an amazing looking game like Unity. This was built for last gen. That said, the game looks pretty good. There are nice little details like snow particles and fish in ponds, and that's nice to see. Game runs well due to the old gen thing as well, which is sweet. If your rig can't run AAA games above 20, this might run at around 40-50FPS, not on Ultra, but Normal with a bit of AA on. So that's nice.CHARACTERS AND VOICE ACTING: Voice acting is top notch as usual. The character arc of Shay is kind of interesting to see. All main characters are well designed and there's nothing to complain that I can think of. Maybe repetative NPC design, but that's passable for a last gen game.FINAL THOUGHTS: Nothing special, basically the baby between 3 and Black Flag, but it's a good game. 7/10, alright game. If you like the AssCreed games, pick this up. If you want to start off with the ACreed series, try 4, it doesn't have Desmond, so you'll be fine, if not, this might not be the worst place to start. If you're tired of these games or never liked them, though, this won't change your mind.A war and a revolution have ended, and another is about to begin."
76561198070544459,Recommended,311560,20123614,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Valkyriona,"Assassin's Creed: Rogue was a bit of a surprise for me. I've always loved the franchise, with very few exceptions. When Rogue and Unity released, I only played Unity because at the time, I had an Xbox One and not a 360. I was so disappointed with Unity...they changed everything and made it ten times worse, the story was boring, and in the beginning, the game was incredibly broken. I was worried that Rogue would be much of the same, since they released at the same time.I am so, so happy I was wrong.Rogue is a lot like Black Flag in the mechanics and world exploration. Rogue doesn't focus quite as heavily on naval battles, but they are still an option, and still a lot of fun. The story was wonderful, especially since you met a lot of characters from previous games, and learned what their individual journeys were like. I feel like Rogue was the game we should have received instead of Assassin's Creed 3. Connor's story was really just there to introduce us to Haytham, who was such a big influence on the way history transpired. Of course, the mechanics still leave a lot to be desired, but they are a whole hell of a lot better than 3 or Unity, for sure. The main, big target killing missions were more like free-run chase missions, but after thinking about it, I'm not surprised. A rogue assassin that is attacking former allies that are also assassins...they all know tricks to elude fights.I was also happy with this game because it was more like going back to the roots of the Assassin's Creed franchise...the story just felt more in line with things we hadn't seen since Altair, with our protagonist really questioning the things he was led so blindly to believe. It's been very interesting to see how the Templar and Assassin lines are developing, and with all the news that is being released in each game, it makes me think that a future installment will have a big twist with us having worked with the wrong side of the Assassain/Templar War.TLDR; Rogue feels more like a game that was developed with the franchise's roots in mind; great story line, 9/10"
76561198081510496,Recommended,311560,21494067,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Jeffrey Tambor,"FINALLY!! A story that is worth while mentioning in this polarizing franchise. Rogue manages to tell a story about an Irishman that decides one day ""hey ♥♥♥♥ the assassin's! They can be a-holes for the majority of the time. Lemme join the Templars"". Interestingly enough, it works.... and it works well.Fighting assassin's is a lot harder than fighting templars and that's what completely shifts the game mechanics compared to previous entries. Story hasn't been this interesting since maybe Brotherhood. Gameplay is the same as Black Flag with a few minor improvements but still the same. Music is great. Shay is great. Only things I disliked was just how uninteresting the setting was and how poorly textured everything was. It was optimized fine for how simple the engine is but the textures looked like dough compared to Black Flag.Overall, this was a good experience. I had minimal expectations for this game but it proved to be better than both Unity and Syndicate.8/10 would sail into Halifax again"
,Recommended,311560,22206978,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Death,"And now, a review of Assassin's Creed: Rogue.This one is hotly contested in the same review rank and weight as Assassins Creed: Black Flag as both games have similar mechanics (Albeit minor improvements in this title).As the spiritual successor to Black Flag, combat, game play, game length and the story transition smoothly into the next, and the room for character development and upgrades in this massive open world experience is plenty.Notes:Graphics: Sleek and beautiful. Runs much smoother than Black Flag on similar hardware as some Nvidia specific features such as PhysX are not present on this title. In the modern era, the game's graphics will be well handled by a mid-range rig, and a solid 60FPS gameplay experience is possible without any glitches.Story:This game takes us on to the side of the templars, featuring legends such as Haytham Kenway, Shay Patrick Cormac, the great assassins Adewale, and a lot of other memorable characters. I would strongly advice any new player to grab copies of Assassins Creed III and Black Flag before diving into this game, and prerably play Assassins Creed Unity to get a feel of the whole story.Character development, the game's length and the gameplay intertwine to create a stoey that tells of a man turned by guilt against his brethren to join the Templars, and in so doing becomes driven by purpose and principle, above all else. We see Shay Cormack transform into a lethal Assassin slayer, having to counter visages from his past life using the very skills they taught him. And your part in playing his memories through the Animus is to learn to couner attacks from assassins and to raid their camps. No small feat, and you will be absorbed over tens of hours exploring the open world here.Audio/ Sound work: Excellently done. The music in this game is expertly composed, and the shanties are a timely and welcome addition to the deep, well-crafted in-game environment. Also, quite memorable.The english speakers are quite fluent, and all in all, a high quality recreation of the characters they represent.Gameplay: Reminiscent of Assassins Creed: Black Flag, the action is split about 65:35 land/sea in missions, and there's a ton of side activities, exploration, assassinations, and naval expeditions to execute in this exhilirating chapter of Assassins Creed. A slight drawback (in my opinion) is that combat , naval expeditions and assassinations feel a bit repetitive (a common ailment of the franchise) and not much innovation has been done to the aging combat system in this franchise. The new story arc does introduce new gameplay elements such as reverse boarding and an easier transition to legendary naval battles, and these are welcome improvements over Black Flag's offerings.Online/ Multiplayer:Self-descriptive. Prepare to spend much of it on land, though. Take hints from the DLCs in that regard. Your mileage may vary, knowing how unreliable Uplay's network connectivity can be.I'm aware console gamers may have a better experience here compared to the PC version.Recommendations: Buy this game in a steam sale, and do not purchase it as part of a Ubisoft bundle as it will cost you more. Buy it separately.Overall rating: 10/10 , must - own (If you liked Assassins Creed Black Flag)."
,Recommended,311560,19588232,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Zetra,"Overshadowed by the launch of AC Unity, this exclusively last gen release by Ubisoft is the best♥♥♥♥♥Creed port yet and an overall solid game.10/10"
,Recommended,311560,16569947,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,☭Comrade Reginald☭,"After I saw Unity was a gigantic flop I expected Rogue to more or less be a gigantic waste of time... Boy was I wrong.Not only did it run AMAZINGLY but the story was amazing as well... More games like this in the future, dearest Ubisoft.8/8"
76561198316504087,Recommended,311560,30066889,Posted: 20 February,all,|SMFS| Gustyl,muy bueno aunque fuese mejor si pudiese invita aun amigo
,Recommended,311560,20463371,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,418,"Spoiler free:It's a good game.  It's nice having the story told from the bad guy's perspective, but it doesn't make them look like the bad guys.  The biggest jerk in the AC series, Achilles, gets what's coming to him & explains why he becomes such a degenerate do-nothing weener in AC3.It plays exactly like Black Flag, so I wasn't interested in doing all the side quests and extra stuff as it's basically a rehash of AC4.  Even some of the shanty songs are the same.  I didn't spend much time upgrading everything since it was made from the same game, and as a result, the game is pretty short.  The main story, while good, is extremely short.  If you're not doing all the extra sidequests, be prepared for a short game.The rest:Haytham Kenway has still done nothing wrong and this further proves that Connor should've sided with Daddy in AC3 over that worthless turd Achilles.  Shay is a good guy, doing good things, for the bad guys and quite possibly, the wrong reasons.  Despite him being right and Achilles being wrong, Achilles still doesn't learn humility at the end of the game and calls him out for a ""lack of respect"" which just about made me yell ""oh ♥♥♥♥ off you waste of life"".I hated Achilles in AC3 and he's an even worse character in this game (on purpose though) and while I know Connor did the right thing & sided with the good guys in AC3, it made me mad that he did it so hastily and they never explored what it would've been like if he had sided with Haytham instead.  Granted this takes place 20 years prior to Connor undoing all of the Templars' stuff in America, but it was a nice story to explore.  I like the ending that ribbons over to the beginning of AC Unity.  Too bad I don't have the computer to handle that game yet.Final verdict: 8.5/10More consistent story than Black Flag, even if it's on the same engine.Ezio > Shay > Altair > Haytham = Edward >>>>>>>>> 50 feet of dog turds > Connor"
76561198121111113,Recommended,311560,27782769,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JamesDan,I must buy at sale price. I would buy it on normal price if only this game has more than 6 sequence.
76561198060857193,Recommended,311560,25760026,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,中国推土机,"Liked Black Flag? Wanna more of it? Good grab this one you won't regret.Are you new to the franchise? Them give a try to Black Flag first, this game has less content them it and all in all serve as a complement to Unity( Ubisoft shouldn't ahve release both on same yer that was complete retard), this game could be as good as Black Flag but since they were working on both Unity and Rogue at the same time to release them on same year it kinda fell rushed so I would recommend you to get Black Flag first them get Rogue if you liked it, but all in all its a good game or passable if not."
76561197997403229,Recommended,311560,21880929,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,HoustonDragon,"If you were a fan of AC4: Black Flag, then you will love the hell out of this game. It is definitely more challenging in some areas (ship battles are more fast paced, and the Legendary Ships are indeed epic), and the story is basically a direct continuation between AC3 and AC4 for expanding the lore.I'm extremely disappointed that Ubisoft decided to pour all their marketing and attention into Unity, which was a steaming hot mess of bugs and gameplay problems, and pretty much snuck Rogue in under the radar. It's a great game, and well worth the addition to the Assassin's Creed universe."
76561198157257801,Recommended,311560,18038603,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,PROXIGEN_[572],"Better than Unity sadly, despite it being last gen, and really just a Black Flag DLC. Oh well, hope Syndicate is better."
,Recommended,311560,27903623,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Novakhiin,"This is the first AC game ive played and WOW! Great gameplay, great story! GREAT!"
,Recommended,311560,22088565,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,oof,+1
,Recommended,311560,21761542,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,pepe silvia,"TL;DROne of the best AC games. AC 2, 3 and 4 combined. Alternate style of story.Probably one of the best Assassin's Creed games I have ever played. Completely looked over by people, due to the reason being a sort of side game being released at the same time as the ""next gen"" Unity. This game combines the enviroment of 3, the gameplay of 4, and the music of 2. The storyline is great as well, as you play as a templar rather than an assassin. Well, you technically play as an Assassin who moved towards the templars due to the main character seeing that the Assassin's were quite thirsty for freedom. Meaning they'd do anything for it."
76561198272346851,Recommended,311560,21442946,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,DarkCells,"This is an awesome game and i really like it. Here are the pros and cons                                                                                                             PROS > Has an amazing storyline and it really sucked me in to the story.                                                                                                                    > The characters are really awesome and well made.                                                                                                                                                                           > It has a really cool twist in the story and at the end there is a little hint concerning AC Unity try to find it play, the beginning of Unity and see if you can find it.> The combat is really fluid and just Assassin's Creed 4.> You get some cool new weapons too.> The ship shanties are very catchy.CONS> It does rely heavily on sailing and some of the ship missions are frustrating.> The credits are LONG> Some of the missions are VERY FRUSTRATING so if you are a beginner at Assassin's Creed DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME FIRST PLAY ASSASSIN'S CREED 1.So as you can see this isn't the perfect game but it is well close to there."
76561197996646674,Recommended,311560,29160938,Posted: 10 January,all,Kchryss [Ro],"[En] ""Nothing is real..., everything is permitted...""""Attention, hunter and hunted can be!...""[Ro] ""Nimic nu este real..., totul este permis...""""Atentie, vinatorul poate fi si vanat..."""
,Recommended,311560,29149427,Posted: 9 January,all,I-Za-Ya-Kun,pretty much a boring remake copy and paste of black flag with an other story and they force you to  use the multiplayter mechanic that nobody ever used but the game has its time and if you want to see everything from a templar prespective i recommend the game
,Recommended,311560,28886281,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dietze,Really good. Like Assassins creed 3 just that its not utter garbage
,Recommended,311560,33089425,Posted: 1 July,all,Retro,"Felt like a watered down BF. With much less graphic options, and essentially a copy+paste map from BF, Rogue wasnt all I thought it would be. The story was great (although a little short), but it takes a different route to all the other AC games. Upgrading your ship was cool, although I would of liked to see your ship grow in size as you upgrade.Combat is much faster than Unity/Syndicate, which is quite fun if you switch between the games.7.5/10"
76561198291363285,Recommended,311560,30453817,Posted: 11 March,all,| KLEK | Origami Folder,"Assassin's Creed Rogue is great fun and a great pass time, it has an extraordinary plot and storyline, especially when playing as one of the Knights Templar, Ubisoft made a great comeback after Black Flags character underdevelopment, Shay Patric Cormac has a great motivation against a corrupt Creed. I highly recommend Rogue to anyone that loves a good story."
,Recommended,311560,21875212,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,InannaEloah,"I recommend this game.  Assassin's Creed Rogue isn't my all-time favorite AC game (that honor goes to Black Flag), but it makes for an excellent runner-up.  Very solid gameplay, rich in story content, and a view into the Templar order that I've only gotten a chance to see in AC3's prologue makes for a very entertaining and satisfying experience.There are bugs, of course, and sometimes I end up yelling at the screen because of the stupid stuff it does, but from what I've read it's nowhere near as buggy or bothersome as its twin sibling Unity, which unfortunately I don't have a copy of (and won't, either, unless it goes on sale for a ridiculously low price in the future).  It's a last-gen game, and was released on the same day as Unity, and of course since Ubi spent all their time focusing on Unity, Rogue feels more like a filler game than a full-on setup.  But as someone who cut her AC teeth on such a filler game (Revelations), I feel that Rogue is good enough to stand on its own as a major title.So like I said, great game, very close second-place for best in the series in my opinion (second only to Black Flag), with solid gameplay and a great story that gives a unique look at the ""enemy"" faction, the Templar Order.  I highly recommend Assassin's Creed Rogue.  It is a very enjoyable game."
76561198293462564,Recommended,311560,33400505,Posted: 9 July,all,GeographyGuy,Basically black flag all over again. Just with a more templar touch. If u like black flag and love killing assassin's. This is the game for u.
,Recommended,311560,25040191,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Rape* is GREAT!!!,"A very good game, rich story. The most thing is I like pirates"
76561198117966897,Recommended,311560,24173906,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Matt C,"Assassin's Creed Rogue is a fine game. It has a decent story and I was intrested in it all the way until the end. I had some minor issues but that comes with all Creed games. It ties in 3, 4 and Unity. Worth the price during the summer sale.7/10"
76561198001487637,Not Recommended,311560,28391954,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,PiousSaint,"You will like this game if you like Black Flag.  However, being forced to use ubisoft uplay is horrible.  Half the time it doesn't connect so you can't play the game.  Hard to recommend when you can't play the game when you want."
76561198065083770,Recommended,311560,16284513,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,WolfBane,"I did not expect to like this game as much as I do, especially since it's a standalone in the game series. The combat and play style of Black Flag was improved upon and made even better in Rogue and I found myself loving every minute of it"
76561198070959155,Recommended,311560,18678553,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Boba Bola,Best Assassin's Creed game yet in my opinion.
,Recommended,311560,19105555,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Wood3n,"I RECOMMEND THIS GAME 10/10 FOR PEOPLE WHO LOVED AC4'S ENGINE/GAMEPLAY! Opps caps locks, XD!"
76561198070667131,Recommended,311560,20042350,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,LeanTesting™,Assassin's Creed 4 is still better though
,Recommended,311560,16937004,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,SorenWraitheart,"""How many times do I have to tell you, Liam? I make my own luck.""Assassin's Creed Rogue; The 7th main game in the series (Well main console game in the series. following the events of AC Black Flag, acting as a prequel to the events of Assassin's Creed III. In the first of two recent games in this mighty franchise, we follow the accounts of Shay Cormac, an aspiring, moral-yet-crass Assassin whose only wish is to make the world a better place. From the get-go, we feel a bit of a connection with Shay, but at the same time, you don't really get that strong of a connection until a bit later. After a string of successful missions, Shay learns of an artifact that has been the focus of all the games: The Apple of Eden. Upon learning of its true power, he begins to wonder if what he's doing is the right thing. When things unfold, he is betrayed by those he once called brothers, and is picked up by the Templars and eventually becomes one of them. With a new mission and a new outlook, he hunts down the Brotherhood to prevent them from destroying the world.I won't spoil more than that, cause that's pretty much the box text, but now to the review itself....I loved this game. It is fantastic. It is definitely a shorter game than its predecessors, but to pack as much as they did in 15-20 hours and still make it compelling? Brilliantly done. This game...was more intense than the majority of the games. In terms of that intensity, I think it rivals that of the Ezio trilogy. Specifically Revelationss. You can feel the deep-seeded hatred and regret that Shay feels for the Brotherhood. He bled for them, and he was willing to die for them...only to have it thrown in his face...I held my breath more times than any other AC game thus far. If you're a fan, I definitely recommend it. I have nothing else to say other than you need to play it. You feel for Shay even if he logic isn't entirely sound at points. The only negative thing about it?...ummm....the combat was a bit choppy when fighting on ship decks and it made chain kills a bit difficult. Aside from that, well done, Ubisoft. Time to buy Unity and play it! :D"
,Recommended,311560,14880628,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,havok,"Absolutely loving this game. It's like Black Flag 2 - and way more fun than Unity! Will post a full review when complete!N.B:If youhave issues with a Radeon notebook, just configure switchable graphics to high performance for ACC.exe."
,Recommended,311560,14885361,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Fallout_Boone,This game is an amazing game to the Franchise of Assassins Creed. Assassins Creed 2 is my favorite but this one perfected many things about assassins Creed. The story line is shorter but that is a good thing because that means you dont play the same mission over and over.The missions make you feel like you are actually there. Anyways I rate this a 9/10
76561198031900864,Recommended,311560,14892066,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,juanbob,"Ok, this is a sequel to AC3 or Black Flag, not to Unity.  It is the old engine, so it looks a bit rough compared to unity.  On the good side, frame rates rock!  I loved AC3 and Black Flag so I am liking this game, but if you feel bad about paying premium prices for an old (engine) game, then stay away.  I am assuming they have 2 or 3 teams working, one Unity, one black flag, one AC3...they will churn out as much as they can on their respective engine to maximize earnings. 2 games each maybe before moving on?  Anyway, if you loved black flag, you will love this one too, pay and enjoy.If you need the freeflow crowds and super grafx of Unity, stay away!!!"
,Recommended,311560,14915218,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,the_Doc,"Despite this game being low key,  I can say I had more fun playing this than I did with black flag, and although I've not yet played it, it is a damn sight better than unity. And that includes the fact that a lot of the naval gameplay is recycled from black flag. This game is good, and is what should have been the game that they endorsed the **** out of. Buy this game!"
,Recommended,311560,14932795,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,WarPig,"If you you liked Black Flag then you will like Rogue, pretty much the same game with different story and scenery."
,Recommended,311560,14942810,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Cyanide,11/10 - ♥♥♥♥♥ on unity
76561198096659530,Recommended,311560,16998496,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,tomek.nowobilski,"10/10PRO: Works better and faster than any other AC game on PC!!!, fantastic story, refreshing protagonist, amazing locations, interesting missions, you play as a templar (!), great naval battles, cool collectibles, new items...CON: could be longer!"
,Recommended,311560,19174395,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,nigaro -SaiyajiN-,One of the best AC games#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorI make my own luck
,Recommended,311560,19382110,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Maul Scarreign,"I have been a long time fan of this series. That being said, I'm quite disappointed with this game. I have had nothing but problems while playing it. This has probably the WORST combat and parkour mechanics in the entire series. They're so bad, I just finished a Frontier Clash with so many problems, I felt the need to immediately review this game. Here are a few examples of how the combat and parkour are atrocious:-you will sheathe your weapons IN THE MIDDLE of combat. Shay just sheathed his swords 4 times while enemies were still around me during the Frontier Clash-it's almost impossible to fluidly attack people without an NPC getting in between you and your opponent during a skirmish-even if you have a target highlighted, Shay will not attack him but rather someone 10 feet away-you sometimes will simply not attack when commanded to and you will have to mash X until he does something-the game can't tell whether you want to step off a box or jump off a building-EXTREMELY sticky parkour-actions are horribly unresponsive!Here are other reasons why I'm disappointed:-the enemies are incredibly stupid-the camera is ridiculously bad, i.e. the camera will not follow you properly during combat and especially during a contextual finisher-animations are somtimes glitched during cinematics (after saving Gist,the cinematic played with me not being present, then I suddenly desynchronized and fell on the ground dead)I do not understand why some people consider this to be the best game in the series. They adopted SO MUCH from Black Flag. The combat animations are identical to Black Flag's,  the graphics aren't any better than Black Flag, they literally copy and pasted the inside of the merchant store from Black Flag for christ's sake... The only way this differs from Black Flag is obviously the plot, the fact you'rebeing hunted constantly by Stalkers, the fact enemies can board you ship, and some weapons and minor details. The combat in AC3 is VASTLY superior. I mean, absolutely night and day compared to this. Why they didn't adopt AC3's combat system is far beyond me.I only recommend this game if you are a hardcore fan of the series. If you don't care about the story or the series in general and want to play casually, do not buy this game. If you are a fan, I'd recommend only buying this on sale."
76561197995070040,Recommended,311560,14884730,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Babis,"I could've sword this game was a standalone DLC for AC4 but apparently no. I've been playing it for a couple of hours and so far it's as identical to AC4: Black Flag as FC4 was to FC3. And as good as AC4. I recommend it only if you want more of AC4.Update. After a few more hours with the game I found a few things I don't like.First I found a glitch in a fort where the door was closed and I couldn't kill the captain. I'm looking for a way to open it but I'm not very hopeful.Second Uplay. That poor excuse of a DRM is harming the legitimate players like me who bought the game and does nothing for the pirates who torrented the game without ever being annoyed by the stupid thing. Uplay is down? You can't play, but a pirate can. Uplay deleted your savegames? Has happened in AC:Unity for some people. Pirates don't have that problem either. Yesterday I had a message coming up during launching the game that said achievements have failed to synchronize or something. Today it's still coming up but somehow I can run the game now.Third, why does every Ubisoft game have to be packed with collectibles. I'm kinda obsessed about that sort of thing, what they call OCD but it isn't OCD obviously, but in this game they just drive me nuts. Chests, Animus fragments, templar maps, viking swords, prosperity and more. All they do is clutter up my map.Update two. This game has some sort of problem with MSI Afterburner so shut this down if the game doesn't start for you as well"
76561198062651817,Recommended,311560,14927499,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,FrustratedFapper,"Honestly I love assassins creed black flag and rogue shows the same type of exploration in this game, with the awesome side activities for you to do and unlock some decent to badass looking outfits,weapons, and pistol sets that you must have  and as for the gameplay its just like black flag but with more added features to the animations, combat system, and everything you loved about black flag but modified. Ubisoft made an awesome game and when I heard this came out on PC I preordered it instant and it was worth it with the DLC content and Uplay items as well. So if your a major assassin creed fan and want something fresh for your collection then this game is for you."
76561198127584221,Recommended,311560,17070585,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,bikerangelo,"This looks and plays like it came out in 2007.The story's a nice change, I've been rooting for the templars ever since Ezio died."
76561198089670907,Recommended,311560,18587526,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Aken,ahoy mateys! rekts every enemy ships i can see and got♥♥♥♥♥up by hunting killer whales  :D
,Recommended,311560,19488297,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,GaffeltruckN,Really like the game. Way better story than black flag and it explains a lot of things from the last game.
,Recommended,311560,19588560,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Shrapnel Effect,"Such an amazing story to tied to the Kenway saga! A tale of an assassin who becomes the very thing he was trained to fight. Shay has some very powerfull moments and it really brings into question on who are the bad guys and if either side Assassin or Templar really has a good and evil, but some faces you have come to know will be returning and leaving. Do not give this game a miss as a Last gen money grab this game is a strong part of the assassins creed universe! Ties together storys and characters from these following games:Assassins Creed 3Assassins creed 4 Black FlagLiberationUnity"
76561198012404775,Recommended,311560,17010617,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,topdoog1,"Help me, Bob, I'm bully in the alley,Way, hey, bully in the alley!Help me, Bob, I'm bully in the alley,Bully down in shinbone al!Sally is the girl that I love dearly,Way, hey, bully in the alley.Sally is the girl that I spliced dearly,Bully down in shinbone al.For seven long years I courted little Sally,Way, hey, bully in the alley.But all she did was dilly and dally.Bully down in shinbone al.I ever get back, I'll marry little Sally,Way, hey, bully in the alley.Have six kids and live in Shin-bone Alley.Bully down in shinbone al."
76561198012833532,Recommended,311560,34393845,Posted: 21 August,all,Awesomo 2000,"Just another Assassins Creed game with bunch of sailing, jumping on roofs and killing people. The plot makes surprisingly a little more sense than in previous games, revenge plots are always decent because you want to kill all of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, the same in Assassins Creed 2, and finally you get to murder the assassins. Since they started to profile like commies, I wanted to kill them and now I got the chance, templars are just little bit more cool. Runs like a charm on PC. All in all, much better game then Unity or Syndicate."
76561198077481902,Recommended,311560,21945996,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mr.TrollSpy,one of the great game in the series
76561198103376537,Recommended,311560,20396064,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dante,Why ubisoft did not push this game out more to the public is beyond me.This is far more superior than Unity in so many ways.-Better Optimised-No online ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-Less Uplay(Always a plus)-Story is great(less generic story)-Voice acting is great-Play as a completely different faction-Like AC Blackflag and AC 3 had a babyAll in all pretty well put together game.
76561198108111336,Recommended,311560,20616369,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Dovahkiin,Feels a lot like Assassins Creed 4 which was one of my favorite assassins creed games.
,Recommended,311560,29231250,Posted: 13 January,all,Marcin_89,Another great game after Assassin`s Creed IV BLACK FLAG! You really should buy it and play it !
,Recommended,311560,17696198,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Spud Potato,Assassins creed Rogue is a game worth playing. I have played these hours the 1st 2 weeks i had it it is perftect for anybody who liked assassins creed 3 (which i did and i don't get why it has so many haters!?!?!?!?!) and who had frame rate problems in Black flag9which I did) it has a compeeling story and decent gameplay
76561197960405850,Recommended,311560,18886933,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ace,Fantastic game. Unity was just awful compared to this.
,Recommended,311560,20170060,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,☜ fiX ☞,"This game is sequel from Assassin Black Flag. In this game ,their a main character call Shay where he and his crew travel over the entire island. For me ,this game little bit improvement in weapon called riffle which is silent gun. Furthermore ,the map is huge compare to black flag and last thing is""HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA. DENG DENG DENG x3""-John Cena-"
76561198067397221,Recommended,311560,20635569,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,NopeNope,"A little glitchy at times, but fun overall."
76561198026290244,Recommended,311560,20206955,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Rayza,Great game...it's basically Black Flag from the perspective of a former Assassin turned Templar...
76561198092770184,Recommended,311560,20899568,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,BurningToasterMan,"this game is one of the best hidden gems of recent memory. Overshadowed by the boring bug fest unity,this is game for people who loved assassins creed 4 and just want more, with a litlle AC3 thrown in (the good bits of that game).the game isnt perfect: hacking, or rather fixing, PCs in the modern day part of the game isnt very good. but at least its a far cry (pun intended) from those god-awful glyths of AC2. the entire modern day plot is a bit rushed and the dialogue is a bit sloppy amoung the NPCs: i think we have a modern day equivelent to 'i used to be an adventurer like you, but then i took an arrow in the knee'.We have never before in this series had a proper look at the other side of the Assassin/Templar coin. this is definately worth your time."
76561198202498376,Recommended,311560,26951473,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir Linxalot15,A very good game in the assassins creed series because it shows a different point of view.
,Recommended,311560,34425690,Posted: 22 August,all,CrazyBull666 ™,I love this game - just like I love every other Assassin's Creed game! :D
,Recommended,311560,14896397,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,The D Man,"Oh Ubisoft. You left us with a bad taste in our mouths and you have finally delivered use some mouthwash to get the♥♥♥♥♥♥out o my mouth that was Assassins Creed Unity. Anyways alhough I do really like this game, I can'g help but feel like this is just AC4 the expansion pack. Yes this game runs buttery smooth on most decent machines, but the graphics are nowhere near as good as AC4 and thats because this game was made specificaly for inferior hardware like PS3 and XBOX 360, which are extremely outdated. Thats why at a $49.99 price point its just not a very good deal. This game should have at least been $10 cheaper. But ultimately I am giving it a thumbs up beacause Im always up for playing more AC4."
,Recommended,311560,19767175,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Anna Banana,"This game really wow'd me.  It's like Assassin's Creed III and IV had the perfect baby.  The story is captivating, the characters are engaging, and the gameplay is so refined that it's the best rendition of Assassin's Creed on this Engine.  The game takes around 10 hours to finish.  If you're a fan of the series, this is NOT one to skip.  It answers so many questions, and provides so many awesome story points!  The game is so well done and is really a breath of fresh air.  Not to mention, playing as a Templar is always unique. It ties ACIII for my favorite Assassin's Creed game, and if I didn't love ACIII's Native American theme so much I'd probably say Rogue is the best by far.  9.5/10 from me.  Play it!"
76561198218959652,Recommended,311560,21093458,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,moneyintime,"Assassin's Creed Rogue is like any assassin's creed game. If you liked Black Flag you'll most likely like this game. If you buy the game but can't run it, Uplay just says ""servers unavailable"" just go onto the internet and dowload uplay form the official site."
,Recommended,311560,20181469,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ComradeWinston,"Effectively a sequel to the ""one good"" Assassin's Creed game, this now makes it only the second AssCreed worth getting. Basically this takes Assassin's Creed: Pirates and expands upon its mechanics, includes a larger amount of interesting items to aquire, and given that you become a Templar the story is far more interesting. If you liked Black Flag, you'll like this."
,Recommended,311560,28626377,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,motykr,"This is a must play game for any AC fan! really like the game, if you every played black flag - its feel like the same game, just shorter (or in this game i skipped most of the unimportant island and do mostly the main story)anyway very nice game as the other AC. i got it in the bundle pack (come with black flag, unity and syndicate)this game is ends where unity start so its fun to play them by the order (unity have much better engine (with a new problem of its own but..)  :)7/10 - too short, but very fun to play"
,Recommended,311560,35329201,Posted: 30 September,all,Strider,I don't know why some people say that this is a copy of Black Flag because it's the opposite of Black Flag story wise. Controls are beautiful they use the exact same mechanics as Black Flag which is good. Also I haven't seen 1 glitch yet I don't know why some people hate this game because I love assassinating the assassins.
76561198036041534,Not Recommended,311560,20156729,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Elkstone,"TL;DR: Low effort AI, gameplay is a scavenger hunting chore, story is incredibly short. As of completing ASC 2, Brotherhood, Revelations, Black Flag, and now Rogue... It fixes a lot of problems in Black Flag but lacks the kind of depth to truly enjoy the 100% completion rateThat being said, if you enjoy finding collectibles there is roughly 400 of them across the world to grab :PExcuse me one second, I need to vent somethingNOBODY CARES ABOUT THE GOD DAMNED MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING CIRCLEJERK COMPANY SECTIONS. HOLY ♥♥♥♥. Every single game. They roll in and ♥♥♥♥ up the gameplay for easily 20 to 30 minutes each. For the love of god make them skipableAnyways, after venting is over, the game is only about 20 missions or so long. It has a few fixes up from Black Flag so if you haven't played Black Flag before I would suggest running with this instead (unless you care about the overarching story). However, most of the gameplay consists of a couple of story missions (like 5), the rest of the story missions are just introductions to the various time sinks around the world which, while quite a large one, is mostly consistent of the same few setpieces over and over again. Littered with the same positioned collectables, completing the game fully is more of a chore than an experience. The only fun parts are the games you make for yourself on the inbetween consisting of stabbing guards in various manners, which is just as possible in the previous ASCreed games as in this one"
76561197967065436,Not Recommended,311560,32215623,Posted: 6 June,all,Canadianmonster,"I wish I could put an asterisk with my No as I wish to say that if you've played AC3, AC4, and Freedom Cry then I would say get Rogue - otherwise if your looking to play an older AC game from the past generation I would avoid Rogue.The game feels rushed to meet the release of Unity that came out at the same time - I found both the story and the game itself to be disjointed. For instance the game uses mechanics from AC4 and textures and models from AC3 so it does not feel original and most of the off the beaten path  feel generic to the point you won't remember any of them. Further the game felt more glitchy compared to past AC games, with great examples like a Man O'War disappearing when I moved up to board it, or crew on my ship on more than one occasion flying off, and so on. I normally expect a few weird things to occur in an open world game, but in Rogue it felt testing may not have had enough time to iron things out.Still the biggest sin I have against the game is that the main character does not feel like a real person - he feels like some sort of one demension villian from a movie or saturday morning cartoon. He and other characters do not act like rational human-beings throughout the game as it feels like they are being forced to make irrational decisions to fit a broken narrative.All the negatives aside, I must repeat it has the same mechanics as AC4, so you'll get more of the same, but AC4 & AC3 are better storywise and gameplay so I just cannot recommend Rogue when players have those at their disposal. If nothing else if you have finished AC 3 & 4 I would recommend AC: Freedom Cry over Rogue as it shares the same mechanics as AC4, and even though it is a shorter story than Rogue the story of Adéwalé is stronger and more belivable than Shay."
,Recommended,311560,28133675,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Devin Wijesena,Awesome 😊
,Recommended,311560,32707507,Posted: 23 June,all,Arctic,"This Assasin's Creed game is recommended to those who like Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag.Same combat,naval battles, except the story.In the story you get to experience the Templars side of the conflict with Assassins.I like the snowy environment and weather effects.I really enjoyed Black Flag and this builds on to after the events of Black Flag story.If you want to see what happens after Black Flag then this game will help you see,also it leads to begginging of Assassins Creed Unity.I recommend for those who want a continuation of Assassins Creed Black Flag."
76561197988609440,Not Recommended,311560,17404269,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Meowcenary,"Black flag was better. Get used to that because it's gonna be the focus of the following...As you may know Rogue follows the exploits of a assasin turned templar. Some have complained that the whole ""Templars are bad guys"" angle gets skewed here. Well first off its been stated numerous times that both factions want the same thing but go about it in dramatically different ways. That stills holds true here.Gameplay wise the game feels like Black flag 1.5, this should be a good thing and for alot of parts it is, they've done their usual polish on this and that, streamlined a few features and added some fun new gameplay elementsThere are alot of visual adders that make the game feel cool too, like excessive powder smoke when you fire your cannons in quick succession its neat.but unfortunately alot of the cons still outweigh these positives.The game for the most part runs well, minimal drops in frame rate, occational pop in but only at farther distances and aside from the odd glitch things run well. During the animus adventures.When you get into the real world it all goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yes sadly the modern day office simulator is still in full effect and it's more boring then ever. Couple that with some horrible coding where your frames will drop into the single digits on a regular basis and you'll want to escape back into the animus asap.Another problem is the story, it starts out good enough with your eventiual turn to the templars but after that it really slows down and becomes dull.I blame most of this on the characters in the game, Shay himself is a dull transparent character with no real interesting features other than a accent you'll quickly grow tired of.The rest of the supporting cast are just as dull unfortunately and fail to really suck you in at any point in the game unlike black flag and it's larger than life characters.Ship battles feel tedious rather than exiting and you never get a urge to go out plundering, likely because you aren't a pirate in this game.Even the legendary battles aren't entertaining, in black flag you were up against steep odds fighting incredible ships of legend, in this...not so much. It just feels dull or frustrating.In the end just go get black flag, it's a better game, with a better story and has better characters and virutally the same gameplay with more appealing scenes and battles."
,Not Recommended,311560,19445189,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo,Hmm... it's not easy for me to give a not recommended to this game after loving Black Flag... but this game's so buggy and frustrating at times that even Assassin's Creed 1 was A LOT more enjoyable even with less gameplay elements purely because it was a more solid game... and here's why I say this as my intro:I thought, ""This game uses the same engine as Black Flag and adds in a new storyline"" and that's cool and all... but the game lacks the polish that Black Flag does and I swear the parkour is terrible even compared to Black Flag which will upset you off a lot anyways... so in earlier AC games, especially AC 2? You could vary your run speeds between a jog and a sprint which really helped on rooftops making quick 90 degree turns... in this game? You have walk and sprint... no jog. The sprint key is also your parkour key... but if you use spacebar or E with sprint? Cormac will then go into ""unsafe"" parkour jumps or parkour dismounts where he can (AND WILL CONSTANTLY) leap to his death or do something to enrage you greatly. For a game with such an emphasis on parkour? This game is riddled with bugs in so many different town and areas... not being able to straddle a short dirt wall but two feet over Cormac will... if you're trying to do a quick escape and Cormac won't climb a wall because it looked like the 2x4's could be used for climbing? You have to release the SHIFT key and then turn at walking pace before holding SHIFT again or Cormac will endlessly loop trying to climb that same wall since he's so sluggish to turn with SHIFT held down sigh... and getting stuck! I've done an air assassination on a guard poking a hay bale and then Cormac was stuck in a stationary crouch and I couldn't move and guards wouldn't attack me! I had to fast travel elsewhere and lose all my progress on a fortification capture because of that! GRR!!Next? The bugs... oh the bugs! Here's polygons floating in the air...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=566082047and more floating polygons same mission...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=566082024Main storyline? I've had to force a mission restart because NPC's would do stuff like attack each other WHEN THEY'RE ON THE SAME TEAM and then they wouldn't continue walking towards our objective and they wouldn't be able to kill each other... or the first time I got a boat on the tutorial mission? I escaped the zone and the prompt kept saying to escape the zone... so I sailed half the map and realized after checking the map that the game was bugged and had to restart the mission sigh...Here's Colonel Monroe fighting his own men..http://imgur.com/AZZK1riRestart the mission? They get along just fine and walk in formation...http://imgur.com/AeJzDxuSo yeah... buggy, frustrating parkour system which is bugged compared to Black Flag... which is a shame since the storyline is actually good and it's refreshing to see a story from the Templars side of things... but... these bugs will make you give your monitor the middle finger a lot... so unless it's really... and I mean REALLY cheap and you really want an AC game as a Templar? Then and only then bother to buy this game. I bought it for $15 and I feel it was ok for $15... but I feel I should at least try and rush through the game and finish the storyline so at least I feel like I got my $15 worth.Here I fight the floating pistol and sword in holsters...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=568106912My adversary the floating pistol and swords return in a different fight!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=569522461AC Syndicate might have a terribly optimized game engine compared to AC Rogue... but the core gameplay is a lot more solid and I've only experienced bugs with tackling and kidnapping which were minor compared to this game and the parkour is amazing on AC Syndicate... I'd rather play a game I cap my framerate on purpose to 30fps and have worse performance than a game that runs good but the gameplay is bugged like crazy...Oh, another prime example of the lack of care put into AC Rogue? You know how AC IV Black Flag had that companion app for iOS and Android to control Kenway's fleet? Well, Cormac's fleet in AC Rogue doesn't get the same treatment... no companion app. sigh."
76561198011978548,Recommended,311560,14818231,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,0311 Blurr,"Gamplay so far is very smooth, even with the setting maxed out. The story line is very intresting. So far I have not come across any problems. The optimazation so far is awesome! Graphics are great as well."
,Recommended,311560,15988312,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,MsgNinja,"If you got the Full DLC Pack, you will understand that there are no point of getting it unless you need lots of help.Love this series of Assassin's Creed game. Not much but did add some few old version into the new version. Like the plots but kinda gotten lost from the first part of the story. I mean the very first part of it but the rest is alright for me."
,Recommended,311560,35283925,Posted: 28 September,all,MPK,"I honestly dislike the naval system because I dont like sometimes controlling the ship, shoting it and etc as it is confusing. But overall the game is not that bad ,and I get very good fps in it but it sometimes does not respond when you are stuck on a tree, ship, or a crate and you are basically stuck there for like a solid 5 seconds before you can move."
,Not Recommended,311560,15016407,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Solidus' Revenge,"Disappointing, to say the least. As someone who has played every AC game (minus the portable/tablet games), I would actually rank this one the lowest.To me it feels like a glorified expansion for AC4. It recycles all the mechanics from AC4, with a few minor tweaks, and calls it a new game. As someone who has played a lot of AC3 and 4, there was really nothing new here, and I found it rather boring. Even the story, which is mainly what I was interesting in checking out, was a waste. The characters are all two-dimensional, and the protagonist's motivations are paper-thin. Sure, this has become standard for AC at this point, but still sad to see the wasted potential here. All the interesting stuff is actually hidden away in Templar letters that you must seek out as side objectives. And to top it off, [Spoiler Alert!] I was not happy to have to kill Adewale. Wasn't worth it! [End Spoiler]This should have been a $20-30 stand-alone expansion to AC4. As such, I recommend to anyone still debating buying it to just wait for a good sale on it. Rogue is a game that was clearly made on a shorter timeline with a smaller budget, and to do that they simply recycled assets and ideas from previous Assassin's Creeds, cut the story short, and generally put out a subpar experience.And I think I'm in the minority in saying this, but I had much more fun with Unity and I would recommend spending your money there instead."
76561198006232442,Not Recommended,311560,15709037,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Isodian,"The Enthusiasm has run out,We all know it, but dont want to admit it.the story line accounts for about 50 percent, then it comes to running around, collecting fragments, scrolls, chests, pieces of paper, your moms underwear that has flown of the line..... well not the latter, but its about as embarrasing.Few (if any) bugs, I've rin into no issues. But the gameplay is just so monotonous, more so than 3, almost as much as 1.I skipped unity because of its reviews. that said this game isnt bad, its just not edge of seat, excitingly new...I think its time for an overhaul"
,Not Recommended,311560,14992752,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Squishy,"Well, I can not in good conscience recommend the game.First of all, there are no improvement over black flag, if anything, it is a lot worse.The map designs are as bad as they are in most  AC games, unfortunately. Free running, but only on paths the level designer allow. So, you end up in many spots, where the ground is just above your knees, and you can neither climb, or jump. You can however take the long way around, which the level designer decided was the only option.At least, it does not have all those stupid dancers/fighters for hire :).It does however, suffer from AC1 syndrome, which is grind... Blackflag was grindy, but the amount remained reasonable, coupled with the ship/pirating which was kinda new(with the boarding mixed with all other naval stuff going on). Rogue does not benefit from this ""new feeling"", on top of this, the map is a LOT bigger than AC4 it seems... sound good right? Well, not so much. When you have only about 5 things you can do, but you need to do them, a LOT. That is grind, it's not enjoyable. AC1 had the same issue imo...The game also suffers, like most AC games, from consoleportization, an unfortunately common disease these days... As such, every climbable points, will look exactly the same, as usual in AC games I guess. Once you've seen the 3 or 4 possible climbable textures, well, you know how it goes in other AC games... I wish they'd reworkd the maps and textures, pc's are not console, they can handle a little variety... please, enough with level designs made entirely of copy/paste from like 20 items :(.So the levels feels a lot like AC3/4 materials, slightly altered, and off you go. It does not feel like they bothered to design new models or textures. If they have, the addition is invisible.The voice acting from the non cinematics is atrocious. If you do not speak french, you'll probably be sorta ok. If you speak french, prepare to be annoyed very quickly... The npc's keeps repeating the same 2 sentences, over and over and over and over and over... It is utterly ridiculous, and there is no immersion at all. AC4 felt a lot better on this point imo. This is particularly bad after helping out soldiers in those mini battlefield side activities. At the end of the fight, they just keep saying there'll be double ration, the captain is an idiot, and we won, non stop, forewer it seems :S. I am hoping it is just a bug, and will be fixed, as it is truly annoying. NPC's in towns/villages also seem to do it, with their not so random chatter, it is breaking the poor amount of immersion there is.In short, they ♥♥♥♥ed it up :)I'm nowhere near done with the story, because the game bores me so much, it is actually hard to finish it, due to boredom.A new ""activity' was added, which consist of helping soldier in small battles. You'll get a couple of different objectives, which includes destroy something (one or more), kill the captain, and cut the flag. So, same as a boarding, except it happens in a forest... and this is where it screws things up... to cut the flag, you need to be anoymous, while the flag is usually surrounded with enemies... PRoblem is, if the allies all die, you loose and have to wait to a reset... which means, because they are usually utterly worthless, you'll have to run to the flag, and hope no enemies tags you, otherwise, you'll usually be screwed due to the AI being utterly stupid.Couple of new weapons have been added, which are the same as before, but with a small AOE effect on them, so hardly ""new"" per say.Another addition is ""stalkers"". Assassin's trying to kill you. While I understand the concept of it, they are simply annoying. While you're trying to hide from guards, or simply exiting a mission area, being surprised by a stalker is fairly annoying. I don't really like those, sure they fit the lore, but do they REALLY need to be that many virtually everywhere? I mean, 7 stalkers, in a non mission area, in a forest, with only 2 collectibles, no village nothing? They certainly want me dead if they're stalking virtually dead spots on the map just waiting for me... Once again, immersion breaking. It makes no sense that they can be present virtually anywhere, including in places only there to make the world seems larger, and are not included in the actual story :).All in all, get it if it's on sale, as in a really good sale, like 75% or more, otherwise, don't waste your money :)"
,Not Recommended,311560,16888967,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,[LOST]Sworlimos,ACC.exe has stopped working.
,Not Recommended,311560,17304127,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Darturias,"It's like Black Flag but with more collectibles. Seriously, why so many? What are they for? For keeping you busy and so avoiding to realize that they've not made anything original for years?"
,Not Recommended,311560,23670548,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Scroatoan,"I've played every Assassin's Creed game since the first, and enjoying Assassin's Creed 4, I decided to pick this one up.It's very similar to 4, first off. If you liked the sailing and piracy of 4, it's practically the same in Rogue. However, there is substantially less content in this game than the last few Assassin's creed games, and apart from some minor gameplay changes and additions, it's just more of what made Assassin's Creed 4 tedious. The endless collectathon of chests and Animus fragments continues, although you aren't required to do this for anything but 100% completion.This game is also very short, the main story is much shorter than the other Assassin's creed games in recent memory. Not that this is necessarily a bad thing; it took me about 9-10 hours to complete the main story, and that's a leisurely pace. By comparision, Assassin's creed 4 took me about 20 hours to finish, and it really started to drag on at some points.Story spoiler:Nothing of any interest happens in the main story; Shay doesn't really have an arc. No significant developments take place, really all Shay does is set up other Assassin's Creed games, namely 3 and Unity. The characters are not engaging, although they don't get any screentime anyway.This game is really not worth your money. Pick it up if it's 10 bucks or something if you REALLY liked saling around collecting chests, and can't get enough of boring stories.The scenery was nice though."
76561197968506604,Not Recommended,311560,18387124,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Shigawire,"This is a better game than Unity. However, the same platitudes that make all AC games' characters and stories feel ankle-deep shallow also prevail in this game. A pointless cargo system where you have 1 cargo worth money: Tobacco. The rest is used primarily for crafting, upgrading. And the only thing you can do with tobacco is to sell it. You still have to go through the motions of ""selling"" it. This shallowness of the series has turned it into an entropic death.The gameplay mechanics of the series are great, however unchanged and poorly developed over the last decade. The games' stories and characters are annoyingly simple. Dialogues and monologues are cringe-worthy in their writing.The gameplay is just as linear as other AC games.This game would've been given a very cautious thumbs up, had it not been for the overwhelming performance issues plaguing it. Performance issues that exhibit different symptoms based on what nvidia drivers are installed.If you want a proper assassin game, get any of the Hitman games."
,Recommended,311560,14847345,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Stevo LFT,Awesome as black flag! :D
,Recommended,311560,14889739,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Liberty Prime,Ironically the best game in the Assassin's Creed series is when you play as a Templar.This AC game does everything right that all previous AC games screwed up.Also it runs EXCELLENTLY. Optimized to perfection.Highly recommend.
,Recommended,311560,30260487,Posted: 1 March,all,Blackbirdrw™,I liked playing it but could be better tho.Buy it if you like assasin creed black flag.
,Not Recommended,311560,19576160,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,şňớŵБℓїйd,Game crashes constantly.Randomly. There hasn't been a repeat instance.Just putzing around and BOOM!crash to desktop.If only it could normally exit that fast when I want to close the game
,Not Recommended,311560,20049946,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[MI]Ditlihii,I try to play  it it does nothing. i reinstall it still nothing its not launching and i dont recomend this gameThey never fix it i try everything i can to launch it search youtube videos and still nothing helps save your money and avoid this game
,Not Recommended,311560,21020620,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Pixels,"It's pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ Graphics aren't even on par with AC4 and the gameplay is buggy and annoying. Speaking of annoying, the voice actors are pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥. The irish accents are, well offensive to say the least. The's no likable or enjoyable characters and the story is a dead end from the opening sequence."
76561198108751257,Not Recommended,311560,29542709,Posted: 28 January,all,davidlach,"This game is full of bugs.Even if you didn't play Black Flag, which is a more polished, solid version of Rogue, you'll have a hard time getting over the multiple bugs found in the game. Ennemies falling through structures and terrain (including key ennemies you need to kill to complete a mission), spontaneously exploding or vanishing ships and a lot more puzzling, gameplay altering moments that simply make you scratch your head in disbelief.At some point, about half-way through the story, I couldn't take it anymore. I needed to kill a sniper to complete the overtaking of a fort. Red dot was there, floating over a phantom sniper that was not. Had to start over the mission. This was the last straw at which point I uninstalled this dud.Do yourself a favor, play Black Flag instead of this half-completed mess or if you already did, stay away altogether. This game feels like Ubisoft had unrealistic deadlines for their developers, forcing them to cut corners to an unacceptable extent. Even without the bugs, you're not missing out if you've played Black Flag. There is nothing new or exciting about Rogue, not even better graphics.Many thumbs down."
76561198336188245,Recommended,311560,30301266,Posted: 3 March,all,larsghost ✅,"This is my first assassins creed game i ever played, but i realy know this is one of the best game ever.First: the graphics are super good.Second: Its a good story.And last but not the least: The character, Shay Cormac, is very good desinged."
76561197995411533,Not Recommended,311560,21001149,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,mervila,"Dont buy it, you wont be able to play it anyway, since Uplay is not working =/"
,Not Recommended,311560,17722158,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Krackin Lackin,"Nope, go here go there. Sail over the seas just to sail back. Boring."
76561198076244638,Recommended,311560,35234968,Posted: 26 September,all,Maverick,"if you get this on a big sale, then its worth it, but it shows very early that this is more of a quick moneygrab than a new game, the graphics are INCREDIBLY baseline such as bushes dont move when you enter them, they are static 2d images. the stupid out of animus stuff is still around for some reason."
,Not Recommended,311560,19352074,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Zoomburgers,"While the game is alright, it does nothing new or special. If you like Assassins Creed get this. If not, you aren't missing anything. The formula for AC works but the whole animus/playing a game about playing a game is getting sloppy and old. it was cool way back when but now it's just bogging down the whole story. It's an AC game from 2012 coming out in 20155/12 uplay cant into good"
76561198036235772,Not Recommended,311560,17630365,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Inzababa,"Not one of the best AC games by a long shot.Most of what is technical is very well done, the graphics, the bug free gameplay and environment, the cinematics and so on.But There's very little creativity, as in most recent games.The open world always has nice ideas in these games, but particularly in this one was very little developped. You get money fast if you do what you need to but just as quicly, you have nothing left to spending it on.Collecting the swords, pillars and such just gets you an outfit.The out of Animus story is none existent and only thing you do there (just like in blag flag) is hack computers to collect  and read messages.Once you maxed your ship, there's no point in fighting anymore, and so not only is there any point in having money because you have nothing to spend it on, but also there is no point in getting ressources either..Some of the memories are painfully annoying.All in all it's a nice story with interactive elements which will appeal to any kid or maybe teenager, but there's simply no depth in it to make interesting.Oh, and if I hear someone say ""I make my one luck"" one more facking time, I may bang my head violently against the wall, our hero literally says that in every single memory....I don't recommend this game, though I like the AC series (particularly the early ones) you can skip this one without missing anything at all."
76561198011483539,Not Recommended,311560,17652256,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,OH it's so bad save your money or donate if you have to get rid of it I take donations also.
,Not Recommended,311560,21977211,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,マンコ,"Reasons to not buy this game for 30$1. Map is poorly made, most of areas anyway2. quite a few glitches3. Parkour that's basically suicide4. 6 sequences, really?It's just not as good as black flag, unless you're really into the story and stuff but gameplay wise, it seems kinda dull.I'd rather stick to black flagwow"
76561198012147863,Recommended,311560,30623257,Posted: 19 March,all,dziablo,far better than AC:Unity
,Recommended,311560,14890839,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Fragthekitten,"AC4, living in an AC3 world. Playing as a Templar.Feels good."
,Not Recommended,311560,20052633,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,honk tooty,"I think people tend to overrate Rogue because Unity, released at the same time, was such a♥♥♥♥♥♥show. But really, when you get down to it, Rogue is just another Assassin's Creed game. It's just........you know....it's assassins creed.......At this point, why do I even hope for something good?One thing about Rogue that especially stands out to me is the voice acting. Here's a quiz:Is the voice actor for Shay:1) not actually Irish2) actually Irish, but simple-minded?Answer: he's Canadian, and it's so, so obvious. I turned the voice volume down to 30% because I can't stand his stupid voice. Because of this, I sometimes don't hear the dialogue, but I don't feel like I'm actually missing out on anything good.""Ackk! I'm Shay I want to be wild and free! I want to grow my horrid moustache long and sail naked into the sunset! I want to be in charge, I'm the better murderer! The Man is Keeping us Down, Liam! ACKKKK!!!""""Shut the ♥♥♥♥ up Shay. Stop driving the damned boat into icebergs.""That being said, I'd forgotten how fun ship combat could be. Same with sleeping/berserk darts. So. A couple good things.I can only play this game for 30 minutes at a time before I get bored/frustrated, so if I think of anything else, I'll edit this review. Otherwise, assume I got sick of struggling through this game and just gave up."
76561198202757500,Recommended,311560,23383030,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,saffsgame,"a good comeback from the older ones, they reli stepped it up, tho it needs more gameplay too little to do..."
76561198109879044,Not Recommended,311560,17748281,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Engel,"Today i just finished black flag for the second time and was excited to play it but something dissapointed me. I play using two 24 inch tvs and had absolutly no problems with graphics in black flag, but when i got to rogue there was dissapointments. I just got out of the animus for the first time in this game and the frame refresh rate was terrible. I don't know how to fix it but if i can play black flag without any problem then what the hell is going on with rogue."
76561197969736449,Not Recommended,311560,18474903,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,jetriot,"The two words I would use to describe this game is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The story was good but the story telling was just awful. There was no attempt to get you attached to the characters but some kind of expectation for you to feel bad for them. It was super dissapointing and felt rushed. It is basically Black Flag with less mini games, a few small new mechanics that you will use once or twice and a lot less polished.They should have just made this a DLC for black flag for 10 bucks and cut out all the collectible nonsense."
76561198201617569,Recommended,311560,31225798,Posted: 18 April,all,ajk30001,This was my fist in the series and I loved it
76561198121775141,Recommended,311560,28278364,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Freejek38,"Good game, but It is underrated.8/10"
,Recommended,311560,23840518,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,admcmei,"Finita la storia, mentre scrivo stanno andando i lunghissimi (e obbligatori) titoli di coda.Per me promosso a pieni voti, la storia è avvincente ed è un twist un po' nuovo per la serie, e il gioco, non fatevi ingannare, è un gioco completo senza se e senza ma, un gioco ENORME e avrei difficoltà a pensare che Unity, il titolare contemporaneo, con una sola città possa essere così grande. E infatti se posso trovarci un difetto è quello: lo avevo sospeso mesi fa proprio perché troppo grande e finire tutto stava diventando un lavoro, così mi sono deciso a finire la storia e con molta calma nelle prossime settimane dedicarmi al resto se ne ho voglia. Però appunto, chiamarlo difetto è forse ingiusto anche perché è tutta roba optional, diciamo che al massimo la stanchezza sta più nel fatto che in tutta questa enormità non ci sono grosse novità, è sostanzialmente e a tutti gli effetti la fine della storia americana e ne adotta tutte le meccaniche, comprese quelle navali che rimangono estremamente soddisfacenti e la parte più divertente del gioco.Per il resto di nuovo, è molto more of the same ma quel same può anche piacere (a me sostanzialmente si) quindi sta tutta lì la chiave.Diciamo che è sicuramente un gioco migliore del 3 e sarebbe anche al livello del 4 ma il 4 ovviamente aveva da se tutta la ventata di novità che qui inevitabilmente non può esserci.Vedremo poi Unity se senza il combattimento navale regge, a essere sincero mi incuriosisce molto di più Syndicate."
76561198046557246,Recommended,311560,33117367,Posted: 1 July,all,฿∪LLá™,awsome
,Recommended,311560,24087145,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Darkstalker Kaathe,"From Templar Hunter to Assassin's Hunter . Assassin's Creed Rogue puts the player into deep Shay story the darkest mystery between Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag and Assassin's Creed 3 . The gameplay system lots of improvement and more better than previous game AC IV , especially new upgrade naval combat gameplay more fun and satisfyng , Discover in game secret and easter egg reference to Assassin's Creed Universe . This is Assassin's Creed game you should play ."
76561198167946060,Recommended,311560,14846633,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Maximo Moose,"Great game so far, I have not finished it, its been great with everything it runs smooth most of the time and the story is great... but i do have to say there are issues with the graphics at times and the subtitles dont seem to always match up with the character mouth movement in cutscenes, becasue of this it makes the game a little less enjoyable but besides those  things I love the game and am looking forward to finishing it!!"
76561198095195464,Not Recommended,311560,20080672,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[F.A.P]Mclover.69,Worked for awhile now game cashed on me and unable to start to menu. rip 11.99
76561198310092755,Not Recommended,311560,24224496,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,jasagrbic123,my assasins creed key does not work.I bought game for 20 euros and it doesnt work
,Recommended,311560,17183410,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Spooky Joker,"Yes, yes, yes! I don't care what people say! I love it! This game is very good if you've been curious what it's like on the templar side! Oh come on, admit it. Everyone has had the thought at least once :) I would definantly recommend this game! It is very great, and towards the end, you find something out about Unity ;) thats all i'm saying about that."
,Recommended,311560,19327507,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,◊ Stethan 李祤傑,Runs really well and graphics are nice. Gameplay and story are awesome
76561198090837353,Recommended,311560,14939277,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Wolffs,Nice exploring aspect. If you like black flag you will like this.
76561198001340672,Recommended,311560,15133844,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Virus ♫,"Its like playing Black Flag 2.0 as a Templar, but thats not a bad thing. Its everything you would expect from an Assassins Creed game. The only things i would complain about is that you cannot crouch unlike Unity, making stealth an afterthought. Also there are a few bugs, parkour can be a bit janky at times and AI can teleport and glitch through structures. Multiplayer and co-op are disturbingly absent, but the singleplayer more than makes up for it."
,Recommended,311560,17171775,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Chrissuit33,This game feels like Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag. If you liked that one you should be able to enjoy this one. The colonial America setting is getting stale in my opinion but I suppose I like it more than Paris.  The game seems a lot less glitchy than Unity was but it's not perfectly bug free.
76561198087898690,Recommended,311560,19225535,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Killosish,"I like to write simple evaluation because I know that if I write huge evaluations, no one will read it so I'm only gonna say that this is this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,311560,14906885,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,ZohmBii,"I've been a long time fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise and was a bit disappointed with how Unity was released.  I was hoping we would get the chance to get AC:Rogue on PC a lot sooner to fill the void, but we've got it now and... it's a mess.The game is decent looking, locked to 60fps, and not optimized for SLI (Not that it even maxes out one of my GTX680 Classys).  Maybe it's just nostalgia, but I think even AC3 looked better than this game.  Yes I know it was released on Xbox360 and PS3, but that's no excuse to have black characters with white hands.  Talk about being lazy.Anyways, it's a pretty fun game and a lot like a cross between AC3 and AC:Black Flag - Piratey goodness mixed with some decent land areas.  Hopefully they'll fix a few of the minor visual problems soon."
,Recommended,311560,17585953,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Aegwynn,:::::::buy it without a doubtworth every penny::::::::
76561198084008626,Recommended,311560,16899509,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Abradolph Lincler,"I think this game is awsome, BUT I hate the fact that ""the morrigan"" is that small i mean that the boats just get smaller so i think that in the next game you command a little schooner."
76561197971073368,Not Recommended,311560,19355373,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Chocolate Hobnob,"WEll it had potential but how can it fudge up things that worked in Black Flag? Shay likes to jump in stupid places, can't climb some things, others you can.Glitchy as promised.....Shopping menus dont work properly, some items do not appare properly when selected, cant see the stats or cost...for every item pretty much this has happened...great..oh and even crafting....If you're new to AC at this point. Buy Blag Flag, then you dont need this one. Howcan they get it wrong after something so right.Ugh, I got Unity on offer, now I'm REALLY not looking forward to that."
76561198123553993,Recommended,311560,18851910,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,lanceocean,Very Fun :) Good Mix of fighting and Ship travel. Fast travel makes it so much faster! :)
,Recommended,311560,15386470,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,bay.erdem,Perfect scenario!.
,Recommended,311560,23713343,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,BattleSausage,"Good game, and the Templars have better outfits than the Assassins.Shay actually comes off as a relatable character, and it works well with the overall Assassin's Creed storyline. The combat and controls are smooth, and like all of the games it's beautiful."
,Recommended,311560,23267797,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Vandy,"Assassin's Creed Rogue is an intriguing addition to the series, but lacks the depth its story deserves."
,Recommended,311560,23621053,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Spicy Empanadas,"Enjoyable. Glitched a lot, but had a good time playing it."
,Not Recommended,311560,19977159,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SirGregor,"Played on:i5 4690kGTX 97016GB DDR3@ 1920 * 1080pI have been a big AC fan since the first game and therefore I wanted to like this game - I was expecting to like this game.So it's a real shame that I didn't enjoy my brief time spent in AC:R at all. I absolutely loved Black Flag -  after Unity being such a flop and hearing good things about this, I decided to pick it up. More Black Flag I thought - yay! However, from the moment I started playing I got very bad texture flickering. After a quick google search I found it was to do with Nvidia drivers and rolling back (which I'm not prepared to do) would fix the problem. Disabling V-Sync also worked, however I now witnessed horrific screen tearing. This really subtracted from the experience for me and seemed to remind me more of the fact that this game is ""last gen"". Added to this were numerous other graphical glitches (invisible enemies, low res houses etc...) that I wouldn't have minded if they had been distributed over the entire course of the game. For them to occur so frequently in the first hour however...... well I wasn't filled with that sense of awe I'd had when playing Black Flag. Shame. I was dissapointed with the setting (the snow just didn't cut it in the same way that the Carribean did) but that's just personal preference. The story seemed promising so far but the voice acting let it down. Combat seemed bland and buggy (sound effects at the wrong time, enemies randomly stopping/running into each other). Sigh.Sadly, not what this AC fan was looking for."
76561198150242884,Recommended,311560,22296147,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Luke The Lad,"pros-decent graphics-decent performance-interesting story and characters. meet familiar faces.-side missions and collectibles are actually worth the effort. (messages from juno, letters from assassins and templars)-ship battles, customization and the control of the your ship has been improved, new weapons,sails, better  movement of your ship etc.-atlantic is an interesting and exciting new environment. ( also no more boring and hour long swimming like in black flag!)- tie up loose ends from the colonial era.- this pro is a mixed bag, i like the present day sections because i can get extra infomation on the lore of ac. but i dont like being a faceless character. (this is a pro and con) its up to you how you see it.cons-combat is the same, with the exception of 1 or 2 kill animations. parkour is identical to ac 3.-making money and upgrading is easy.-the word numbskull gets on my nerves, your so called workfriend is an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. lol.-cant use different weapons and mix and match. i wish i could use a sword one handed with my hidden blade, a big axe, two swords instead of a tiny dagger etc.-short story, 6 sequences. you can prolong it by doing side missions, upgrading, free roaming.final rating 7/10 get this if you're a massive fan of ac like me."
76561198350712111,Recommended,311560,34321845,Posted: 17 August,all,HI THERE GEORGIE,PERFECT just perfect 100% game
,Recommended,311560,15233038,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,GUNSLINGERN7,I am a diehard AC fan I enjoyed the game. there was nothing groundbreaking but it was still enjoyable. Good story
,Recommended,311560,26178019,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Weitee,"Based on what I'm playing, this one is a lot better than the black flag because of the mission during the game play.Just buy and play it, if you already like the black flag. It should be better to play this one"
76561198018247865,Not Recommended,311560,24364514,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,JOHN FIST,If you enjoyed Assassin's Creed black flag and wanted a few more hours of gameplay that gradually fall in quality this is the game for you as well as being thee 1st game in the assassin's creed franchise where you get to play as one of the good guys
,Recommended,311560,33308679,Posted: 6 July,all,Rose,Was AC4 lite basically. Was really fun and had a lot of new things that weren't in other AC games but overall it was still mostly just AC4. The biggest addtion in my opinion was letting you fight assassins and having to keep an eye out for em. Assassins as enemies in an assassins creed game was actually really unique and fun and I hope they make another game where you play as a templar but more modern because i'd love that mechanic/enemy to be expanded upon.
,Not Recommended,311560,28080297,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kislek,"The f***** boats man, nooooooo!!!!!"
,Recommended,311560,31539786,Posted: 4 May,all,AwkNan,Pro :1. Storyline2. Combat3. Gameplay4. Easy 60 FPS5. Pirates World6. Ship War7. Templar SideContra :1. Graphic2. Character Customization3. Voice ActorFinal Score : 9 / 10 (Recommended)
76561198246935488,Recommended,311560,30405749,Posted: 9 March,all,🎮🎧Gibby_Gamer🎧🎮,other than some glitches this game is alot of fun ^-^
76561198049247407,Not Recommended,311560,24395959,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,SpanglishJerk,"Black flag has better graphics. Unable to finish the game since it crashes when I click play on the main menu. I have to unistall and reinstall the game to replay it where I was left. However, gameplay is good with 60 fps everything max out (gtx 690)."
,Recommended,311560,29895000,Posted: 13 February,all,Bluey,Ive played every Assassins creed game except Syndicate and Rogue has been by far the best AC game there is hands down.
,Recommended,311560,15228276,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Undone Enigma,If you liked Assassin's Black Flag then you'll like Rogue
,Recommended,311560,21936394,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,cilla316,Surprisingly fun game that should have gotten a major release of its own instead of Unity at the time. Great story and all the mechanics that made Black Flag an excellent AC game.
,Recommended,311560,21963810,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Astzellel,"This might be a good game. I wouldn't know, as it crashes one second after starting up."
,Recommended,311560,21973694,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ultraviper,"It's basically Assassin's Creed: Black Flag 2. The character animations are stiff and weird, and there are waaaay too many meaningless collectibles, but the boat driving is still a lot of fun."
,Recommended,311560,22024274,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ArieS™,Graphics are old school but Rogue scratches my itch for more black flag naval battles.
76561198177957222,Not Recommended,311560,30782195,Posted: 27 March,all,coruptminds,"it was put together very sloppy. I went from black flag (great game) as the last AC game i played to Rogue, was dissapointed.  the story line was good (though i didnt like the voice actor for shay) but the enviroment that you run around in is messed up. visually it looks great, but you will get stuck in the most stupid places not able to move. also as you run, the things you are supposed to run up, acrossed, and along make you go in a direction you dont want to quite often.  story line great, visuals great, but game movement sucks in big ways that it will mess you up at the worst time ruining alot of hard work and effort you put into missions trying to stay stealthy."
76561198088341548,Recommended,311560,22071210,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Pandora Style,"A very good game.Much better than Unity.Using the same engine of ACIV:BlackFlag.Templars are so rich, you don't need to worry about money somehowI like the counter-assassins styleStoryline not very long, but filled the blank between ACIII and ACIV and also told us who's the real murderer of Arno's father. (Arno is the hero of AC:unity). LOL, Arno killed so many people for revenge. He surely didn't know anything.I bought both AC:unity and this on sale, roughly $25 in total. Well AC:Unity is not matching the price and its 50GB space, while AC:rouge is definitely beyond the price and the space, 10GB.An 8/10 if you have played ACIV: BlackFlag, and a 10/10 if you haven't."
76561198015307033,Recommended,311560,22038173,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,calcpinkthemassimatic,Thumbs up!
76561198050352660,Recommended,311560,22067711,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,IM A GOD DAM FLEA,if you beat up adewale with just fist will he die?
76561198110140004,Recommended,311560,16638729,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Saxon,"Really enjoyed it... ship battles were alot better then Black Flag but fleet battles with ships you aquired are still slow and boring with little reward. Rouge ties in stories and characters from AC3, Black Flag and Unity which was great. Got me super excited for Syndicate."
76561198062446854,Recommended,311560,31868625,Posted: 20 May,all,Shadowthrone007,Great game. It is fun being a templar killing your brothers XDYour name is Numbskull in the human world XD10/10 would Numbskull again :D
,Recommended,311560,31943524,Posted: 24 May,all,"NO COOL DUDES, VERY ILLEGAL",good
,Recommended,311560,31642665,Posted: 9 May,all,DeadRevenge,Pretty darn good. (You make your own luck)
76561198170107266,Recommended,311560,31724286,Posted: 13 May,all,idk,Good gam
76561198122434262,Recommended,311560,21847823,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,gabpower,I liked that game. Maybe not my favorite AC in the series but it's a solid 7.5/10.It's basically AC IV 1.5. It runs on the same engine and the similarities are obvious. But it's a quality game.Recommended for fans of the series.
76561198086125734,Not Recommended,311560,21306309,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,General Winter,keep crashing on game load
,Recommended,311560,16471406,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dyne,"I wish developers would start including an option to turn off your character's pornographic grunting whenever they jump or get hit by someone because for some reason in Rogue it really got on my nerves... to the point that I quit several times solely because I was sick of hearing ""HURRGH, AAAUGH"" over and over when I stepped off of a knee high crate.Out of the two Assassin's Creed games that came out back to back (Rogue and Unity) anyone with sense will agree that Rogue is the better one. I mean Unity isn't even in the same ball park. The first hour or two I spent playing this game I kept thinking to myself ""So... this is basically just an expansion for Black Flag..."" because a lot of the mechanics and assets will feel the same. HOWEVER: once you finish the first couple of sequences the game changes dramatically and you can tell they put a lot of work into the world and plot. That isn't to say the first few sequences were boring in any way; they had everything I loved about Black Flag... hopping from island to island with naval battles in between, upgrading your ship to become an unstoppable killing machine, hunting, crafting, harpooning, etc. It's all there. It's just that after the first few sequences the game is suddenly like: oh you thought that was the game? Check this out...I won't spoil any of the added content and mechanics as this is a review and not a Ubisoft praise-fest (I mean let's face it Ubisoft is one of the worst publishers out there when it comes to customer service and ethics).PROS-It has everything that made Black Flag so great. They took a ""if it ain't broke don't fix it"" approach to the core mechanics that I wish a lot more developers would do.-The same interesting plot and setting that we've come to expect from Assassin's Creed games. This one is set in between Black Flag and 3, I believe.-Tons of collectibles that actually give you something in the game. I remember a big complaint with Black Flag was that the animus fragments didn't do anything. Now they do; kinda.CONS-That grunting whenever you jump or get hit. Not only does it not match your character's voice whatsoever... it's REALLY ANNOYING. I don't normally flip out that much about it but it's BAD and overused in this game.-I'll have to go back and check Black Flag and 3 but the cut scenes in this game seem really poorly animated.-Those AC controls. Never before have I loved a series so much and hated actually playing it so much. ""Oh you wanted to jump onto that tree branch to pick up the animus fragment? Nah you're going in the river in which you can't jump out of unless you swim 300 meters downstream so you can walk all the way back and try again. Oh you wanted to synchronize that viewpoint? No you're jumping off the roof and dying.""-Only two pistols this time around? I understand not making every character the same but Jesus combat is hard enough when you're moving the camera angle all over the freaking place.-Nit-picking here but come on guys why can't we fast travel to our ship when it's docked? They did add more rowboats and another way to get back to your ship, I  will give them that. Just seems like a lot of extra work when all they had to do was give you the ability to fast travel.Oh and by the way: Unless you're a completionist, skip the Assassin Interception missions. They are the most horribly executed missions I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,311560,30775836,Posted: 27 March,all,Grahamalama ding-dong,"Game will not launch. It loads and the logos go by, but after the Assassin's Creed symbol it's just a black screen. What should I have expected from Ubisoft?"
,Recommended,311560,20138807,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sparky Da Rigga,"lots of fun, runs well on my amd brix system"
76561198095455040,Recommended,311560,20165919,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Liquor Snurf Lahey,"Such a nice change from the ordinary Assassin perspective, Rogue is the most fun ive had with Assassins Creed in a long time the only bad thing is that the story is only six sequences10/10 would destroy Lisbon again"
,Recommended,311560,22801570,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,어둠의 영,7h in and i love this. Best story out of all ac´s so far ( would rate 5/7 Kappa)Edit:Finished the main story and can only recommend playing the game if you own any previous tiltes of this franchise
76561198271753866,Recommended,311560,22683057,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Megalovaniac,"Wonderful game, just make sure you can run it or your framerate makes it impossible to play"
,Recommended,311560,22760370,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Viscacha,"As a fan of AC4, I came into this game wanting more of the same, and that's pretty much exactly what I got.In essence, it's the same game with a different story that puts an interesting perspective on the entire franchise.The biggest problem here though is the limits of the port, it was designed for the XBox 360 and PS3, so the graphics are a bit below what you would expect, fortunately this game at least runs extremely smooth  on mid tier computers.The other gripe is that it's clearly buggier than AC4, and a few glitches and collision issues can ruin your experience, though it's still nowhere near as bad as Unity or Syndicite.While the game adds very little in terms of variety, it's enough to keep you playing, and overall the tried and true stealth is still great fun despite how easy it is.Bottom line, If you enjoyed AC4, you'll enjoy this, maybe not quite as much but it's better than freedom cry."
76561198040890825,Recommended,311560,22661080,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Catchstorm,I found it to be an excellent prequel to black flag.I loved it
76561198236826858,Recommended,311560,17588953,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,kiefer24mw2,"Holy smokes this game is friggin' gorgeous on PC.  I played a little on PS3 and this game looks just as good as AC4 & Unity does as they refer to next gen gaming graphics.AC Rogue also runs quite smoothly, so that is a plus.The storyline is OK, not the best but that doesn't really matter to me.  If I want a good story I'll read a book or watch a movie.  Or better yet even create one myself and post it to redtube or Xhamster"
,Recommended,311560,29949716,Posted: 15 February,all,I Noscoped J.F.K,This game is too good. its like a mix between ac3 and ac4
76561198285932142,Recommended,311560,26448904,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,TheLastDragon,The Best AC since the first.
,Not Recommended,311560,28242869,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BioChemicalWolfGear,"This game has amazing gameplay and new features that make it great for a sandbox experience.  However the reason why I'm not recommending it, is because the story and characters are so underwhemling I can't take the game seriously.  The idea behind this game is amazing.  An assassin turning to the templars and killing them.  It's something we saw and experienced in Assassin's Creed 3.  However we see the turn for him is...easy.  he turns into a templar quickly and without serious thought to reprocussions.  He was raised to hate templars and we see our main character turning to them instantly?  It feels like I was robbed of a fluid storyline.  I pushed this off to continue playing anyway.  The gameplay was fun and I couldn't wait to see how far they would go.  Turns out not far at all.  The game is about six hours long and ends without any real personal change on my part.  Usually with assassin's creed games I feel like I've grown with the character.  At the end of this one I feel the lingering thought of ""That's it?"" and so is my experience with the game.  The main character doesn't have all that much substance, I don't see enough of the templars and their plots.  And the assassins seem like cookie cutter villains that pretend to be heros but it still doesn't work.  You can't just make the good guys the bad guys in such a rushed way like they did here.I'd say don't get it.  Go for another assassin's creed game.  This one is worth a watch but not worth your money.  If you do want to see more of it.  Check out the 20 dollar version.  Don't bother with deluxe.  But I recommend waiting for a sale if you value well spent money."
,Recommended,311560,28143751,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,crazyguy15052,"With is a weak, barely earned thumbs up. I have always had a problem with boatsassin's creed 4 not because its a bad game to play, but instead of feeling like im playing as Edward the assassin, im playing as a boat. The only thing I did in BC4 is upgrade my boat to battle bigger boats to get more loot to upgrade my boat. It seemed I never played as an assassin, but a boat, so i call Assassins creed 4, Boatsassins creed 4. but enough about BC4...in the short time i have played Rouge, i found it to be similar to BC4, but with a bit more assassin part, but then again i just got into the game so who knows. its a refreshing change not being an assassin as it gives new light on the issues of the creed. the boat battles, like BC4, are fun but get repetitive after a while. im looking forward to completing the game and i hope it has a little less boat and more assassin. i still think that these boat-centric AC games should have been given a new IP instead of leaching off AC"
76561198050897345,Recommended,311560,29518500,Posted: 27 January,all,Matt,Black Flag 2.0
,Recommended,311560,26717668,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,[WoW]Mr Evil Twinky,"""Too much water""7,8/10 IGN"
,Recommended,311560,21695274,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,big kuf,"short campaign, but if you like Black Flag, you'll enjoy it"
76561198038740078,Recommended,311560,23258828,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,tuffalmighty,"Honestly, this might be my favorite Assassin's Creed game. I was actually a big fan of Revelations (I liked seeing the end to Altair and Ezio's chapter in the same game, and I really liked Constantinople setting, despite the reviews) and this game rivals that. I think the story of why Shay chooses to revolt and turn ""evil"" is very well explained with the scene that unfolds in Libson. I did feel that more backstory for those who associates with would have helped. The constant assassins trying to attack you seems annoying, but it actually makes sense from a story point of view, I just may have handled it differently how the mechanics work.The good things from Black Flag remain, yet the New York setting is superior to any of those in Black Flag IMO. This game almost feels like a 2nd attempt at the American Revolution era, and an improvement, over the dissapointing AC III.Glad i played this game, wish I didn't wait so long."
,Recommended,311560,23861964,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,herbie,A great looking game c:
,Recommended,311560,22169411,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Beating up peasants for their lunch money simulator 2016.But really, it's nice to have an assassin's creed game where your character literally doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,311560,21712102,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Only-One Kebab,He makes his own overused phrase
76561198071682096,Recommended,311560,24552817,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,forklift driver,Hell of a game
76561198095793836,Recommended,311560,25721920,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,martin-erichsen,6.5/10
76561198268875862,Recommended,311560,24017174,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,agentofchaos27,"Land, air, sea. Worth my money!"
76561198122084278,Recommended,311560,24164595,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Tony,i would smash in a flying boat
,Recommended,311560,28062640,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Clavulanate,May the Father of Understanding guide us.
76561198041211683,Not Recommended,311560,31454170,Posted: 29 April,all,GeneralReggie,Very low effort game from Ubisoft. Story was horribly underdeveloped. Seemed like they combined a lot of prexisting resources for extra money. I'm dissapointed with the waste of potentially amazing premise. Only recommended on sale for the most hardcore AC fans.
,Recommended,311560,25236993,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Wild,It's really cool.
76561198035889404,Recommended,311560,15035982,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Lt. General Petey,Black Flag 2.9/10 would black flag againEdit: The only thing I dislike is that there is no multiplayer.Assassins Creed multiplayer is always awesome and this is depressing to me.Hopefully it will be added.
76561197973678137,Recommended,311560,15135079,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Suhdude,9/10 rating this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!
,Recommended,311560,15143213,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DerpyTurtles123,Good for a port
,Recommended,311560,31470214,Posted: 30 April,all,sadboy,fun/fun would play asasins cred again
,Recommended,311560,29674151,Posted: 3 February,all,SUCC_M3_BRUV,♥♥♥♥ no all i wanted was the refund money #Iwantrainbowsixsiege#makesteamnotgreatagaincunts
76561198030030425,Recommended,311560,25139743,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,It s OK game i like snow but Black Flag was much better.
,Recommended,311560,32745178,Posted: 24 June,all,Vulture Culture,"Despite my positive reccomendation of this game, I fear that Ubisoft made a mistake with this one. It was essentially a ""copy and paste"" of Black Flag, which sounds like it would be a good idea, and it would be a good idea, however, some stuff was changed that made the controls and the AI messed up. Ubisoft would've done better to literally copy and paste the technology of Black Flag into this game, and just write a new story with some new models and animations.However, if you can look past the weird controls and awkward AI, this is a very good game, improving some of the things we thought were perfect with Black Flag... somehow."
76561198009305108,Recommended,311560,32569354,Posted: 19 June,all,Faravahar1200,"Very cool gameplay and open world with Naval combat,crafting and tons of side activties that are so joyful  to play .Hunting animals too but not a huge fan but at least you can buy skins if you do not like hunting Harmless animals for crafting your gear :}This is another amazing Assasin creed game in my collection love it and for the first time as an templar"
76561197968428067,Recommended,311560,32892327,Posted: 27 June,all,N1z0,Nice
76561198057216392,Recommended,311560,14957014,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,RadiantBoner,"I love all the AC games and this AC Rogue has become one of my favourites. After Ubisofts recent horrible launches in the past on PC , this one is ok.Pros: Naval combatTons of stuff to doGood level DesignGood storyCons:Sometimes its hard to figure out what you can climb"
,Recommended,311560,23826452,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rickvd31 ~~(UNOX)~~,very good and fun game to play. better than unity.
,Recommended,311560,17704881,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,The Horney leprechaun,assassins creed rogue is like assassins creed iv black flag just MUCH BETTER in EVERYTHING that includes the smoothness of the preformance and graphics it includs the content and afcourse the amazing story that the game tells its directly connected to the story and if youre a fan its a must have a lot of key elements to the story in this game and its the one that connects all the ac games during the american revulotion that means you get to meat both adwale and heythem and the same gameBUY THIS!
76561198069518958,Not Recommended,311560,22444123,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Iron Ranger,"It is probably better story wise than the last few games, but I can't get it to launch now."
76561198020561512,Recommended,311560,29194574,Posted: 11 January,all,Bloodstormzz,wont play
76561198036988452,Not Recommended,311560,26648697,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,p5ychol,"Please note this review is based on my personal experience and expectations.Since review system on Steam is binary i'm giving this game thumb-down, i find this note closer to what i think of this game. It is not bad game though, it is bad AC:BF wanna-be-clone.My first (bad) experience was the with music, which is clearly worse than one in AC:BF. Worse in the way it lacks ""epicness"" element. And this made most of my sea battles really, really dull. After few hours of game i simply skipped random battles or used fast travel to avoid them completely while in AC:BF i did all i could to start another random battle.Now dunno if this is a bug or delibrate intention but while playing on mainland, through majority of gameplay, i had no music at all! Nothing is more annoying than a half-silent game.After halfway trought game, i found that i'm not really buying the main plot and main character. Maybe because i expected ruthless vendetta story (like in ""The Last Outlaw"" movie with Mickey Rourke) or maybe i was not able to find it interesting and credible. It is another personal thing but there is lots of missed opportunities like focusing bit more on Col. Munro and defence of Fort William Henry (or even meeting Hawkeye when he's rescuing Monro's daughters).Next - the upgrade elemtent of game. IMHO slow and hard progression is more satysfying and challenging. It's fun and realistic when you need to pick your battles from the beggining of your adventure. And that moment when you can finally release teh kraken"" with fully upgraded hardware.Here? Hell no. After few minutes of gameplay i managed to board and loot frigate and seconds after same happened to TWO man-o-war ships. That alone gave me enough upgrade materials to become harbringer of doom and bring death to everything (including one legendary!)To easy and to early to my personal taste....These are key points that ruined this game for ME, i bought game on sale and it good value for money.  AC:BF is still no.1 in series for me.EDIT: shortly after writing this review i finished AC:R with score around 75% and 23 hours on the clock. Minus idle time i estimate time to complete this game ~15 to 20 hours. In AC:BF, if i remember correctly finishing with score around 95% took me 72 hours of good fun. Another  disappointment here so i stand my ground - buy this game only on sale."
,Recommended,311560,16372675,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kunzy,Awesome Game!!
,Not Recommended,311560,33644023,Posted: 18 July,all,misteribis,"The plot makes sudden decisions for your character that it doesn't bother to give your character reasons to make, instead substituting the passage of time. The controls have, bizarrely, gotten worse than previous iterations.If you really want some North Atlantic Black Flag style piracy, it'll give you that - just wait till it's half price or less because you can't skip much of the rest before getting to sail. If you want anything else, you'll either be frustrated or just underwhelmed - take a pass."
,Not Recommended,311560,22085010,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Destiny,> Bought this> Closed Program> Tried to fix it> Refund9/11 would ask for another refund
76561198031786838,Not Recommended,311560,22095188,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Chivas-RS,"Crap. Didn`t take the other negative reviews seriously, and now I`m too requesting refund because the game crashes in seconds when I start playing, and no online solution took me through the problem. I`ve played every AC since the first to the fourth in the series, but I am NOT going to try any new one.See folks? That`s how a ****** company manages to put an end on something that WAS an incredible franchise."
76561198280623609,Recommended,311560,25412926,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,c_rolland,Bloody ♥♥♥♥ing brillisnt
76561198301946442,Recommended,311560,25725215,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,IdubbbzTv,Is a good game
76561198091425055,Recommended,311560,22327318,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,KaDaddy,Shay is a pretty fun guy.9/10-IGN
,Recommended,311560,28794098,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,shØut,"nice game, what a storylinecould've been better if only it lasts longer"
,Recommended,311560,18962253,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Destaver,Awesome
,Recommended,311560,24168698,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Beemaster3000,"AC 4.5, Good story,Some interesting gameplay twists.Is about as good ac 4 (very good)while having a different more serious note."
76561198105892078,Not Recommended,311560,31453349,Posted: 29 April,all,Chrisashr,constant problems opening
76561198050935191,Recommended,311560,19111059,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,NathanielRyanJones,"In short: Assassin's Creed 2015: Good Version.As a long time♥♥♥♥♥Creed fan, I've been with the series through it's ups and it's downs, and this game really is a return to greatness for the series. Many people, myself included, have noted that the Assassin's Creed series has been loosing it's way for some time now, what with the continuing focus on pimping historical figures and the general weakening of the stealth focus, to the point that Black Flag was only fun while on the ship and not while being an assassin, but trust me that this game brings the stealthy-stabby fun back into the fore.Firstly, though, do note that the game starts off poorly, the first few hours being a dull, colour-by-numbers entry into the series filled with boring wooden characters and a plot that can't really be taken seriously. Then, without wishing to spoil anything, you do something and something big happens, and at that point the game throws of its shackles and springs into glorious incandescence as it outshines anything the series has done for years by this point. Indeed, after  the first few dull missions, followed by the big event and it's follow up, I remember thinking to myself, ""Now what right does this game have to suddenly rock?""After the big change, though, suddenly you're playing the stealthiest Assassin's Creed game ever, having to actually put forth planning to sneak about and get to your target without notice, and the game goes ****ing electric the moment the counter-assassination spy-vs-spy mechanic kicks in. On the whole, this is probably the best the series has been since II, and it outright eclipses that game in many ways.That said, it's not perfect. It's a bit buggy at times (to the point that I almost failled a mission because a guy clipped into my ship, although he died anyways so no biggy) and the game seems to have been built mostly out of recycled resources. As well, for all the awesomeness of it and the greatness of it's story after the Big Thing, its story is still rather short, at least ten hours shorter than it should have been, especially considdering the sheer size of its map (the entire sandbox being larger than some of the past games combined).I have a theory about this game. My theory is that this is actually the game the dev's wanted to make after Black Flag, that they put forth all this effort into putting together new mechanics and the deepest story the series has had ever, that they started making the game intending it to be the next great entry in the series as a glorious return to form, and then a corporate higher-up walked in when they were half-way done and dragged most of the team away to create Unity (poor choice), leaving the remaining team to try and piece this game together.In summation: it's my favorite AC game, but it could have been better."
76561197968560012,Recommended,311560,20043269,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SorenBC,If you liked AC4 you will most likely like this one as well.Best Penguin AI of 2015
76561198056094886,Recommended,311560,15091141,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Rawyvin,"Assassin’s Creed: Rogue (AC:R) has turned into one of my favorite Assassin’s Creed (AC) games of the series.  Set between the opening acts of ACIII and Unity (AC:U), the curtain opens to find Assassin Shay Cormic struggling between obedience to his betters and following his conscience.  This story ties into the events of ACIII, Black Flag (AC:BF), Freedom Cry (AC:FC), and AC:U in a way that no other game has yet done, and it does it with remarkable success.  While a step back from the fancy shmancy graphics, details, and crowds in AC:U, Rogue suffers from none of the many bugs that its sister game did, and its seemless gameplay combined with Shay’s compelling story certainly make this game very much worth picking up.POSITIVES:-	More of the duel naval/land action and side quests that made AC:BF such an interesting game.-	Compelling new characters, and a few more chapters with some old favorites.-	Largely bug free, relying and improving upon the mechanics developed in AC:BFNEUTRAL:-	It felt sometimes like a huge AC:BF DLC due to the similarities in game play.CONS:-	There are only 7 sequences as opposed to the amount that we have come to expect from AC games.  That said, this did not necessarily feel like a short game – there is plenty to do – but I do wish it had been longer."
76561198009385498,Recommended,311560,19999745,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Shropt,"A great AC game. They took the best parts of AC2, AC3, AC4 and AC4: Freedom Cry and put them in one game. Worth the pick up!"
,Recommended,311560,20009739,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Memphis,"Sick AC game. For me, better than AC 4. Pairs up with AC 3 as my favorite AC game."
,Recommended,311560,20020170,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Destruction Games,"Assassin's Creed: Rouge ReviewI originally played Assassin's Creed: Rouge on Xbox 360, and decided to pick up the steam version to see if it is any good.GraphicsAssassin's Creed: Rouge originally came out only for Xbox 360 and Playstation 3, so the graphics won't be spectacular. However, they still look good. They are improved from the 360/PS3 versions and the game runs at 60fps on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop with an Intel GPU, and there are plenty of PC options to customize, so the PC port is good.GameplayTo sum up the gameplay quickly, it is basicly a big expansion to Assassin's Creed IV. All of the elements from IV return and are either the same, or improved in some way. A few new minor mechanics are here too, but there isn't enough to say it doesn't fell like an expansion.The game is about an assassin turned templar, so a new mechanic where assassins hunt you is here. They dress up as citizens and when they attack you, they take off a huge chunk of your health, so you better watch out for them. The platforming can be a bit clunky, but other than that, it's a great game.Replay ValueAfter you finish the 15 hour or so long story mode, you can explore the open world, which has tons of different side activities. Overall, you can probably get about 30 or so hours out of this game.Score8/10"
,Recommended,311560,14957725,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Andez,Assassin's Creed: Black Flag 2
,Recommended,311560,14968477,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hartley Harms,"This is probably one of the best PC Assassin's Creed games.  The optimization is damn near perfect, the seamless control switching from controller to mouse+keyboard is amazingly easy.  The touchscreen menu functions are great for people playing on a touch laptop.  Gameplay wise, it's pretty much the same as Black Flag, except now there are more incapacitation options.  The locations are beautiful, the story rival's Ezio's in quality.Overall, the game is fantastic.  Though no game is perfect, and Rogue is certainly no exception to that.  Like every Assassin's Creed game, the parkour system is imperative to the game's success.  The free-running in Rogue is amazing, the terrain was well built and designed for fast paced running and killing, though the place where the parkour falls a bit short, are in settlements and New York, where there are many buildings with angled roofs.  Now there is a slight problem with climbing up an angled roof from the side.  This problem makes it so you occasionally freeze in place and can't climb up or down until you shuffle to either side before you can move again, even though you should really have no problem with climbing up.  I'm sure this will get patched soon, as it is an easy fix.  The ocean combat is pretty good too.  I haven't played much of Black Flag, and I hated the ship combat from AC III, but I hear it's great in Black Flag, and it's not that big of a deal to keep something that works very well in another game that involves the same kind of setting.  Since this is an Ubisoft game, the enemy spawning is awful, and none more so, than in the ocean.  There WILL be times when you board a ship after incapacitating it, and after you are through collecting your stuff, there would be another ship bearing down on you.  Believe me, when you get good at handling the Morigan, you will be able to dispatch these fools easily, and you will even be able to take on a Man-o-war without much trouble.  But then again, if you are coming to this from Black Flag, you would already have plenty of experience with ocean maneuvering.    Combat wise, it's pretty great.  A major step up from the AC III engine.  Now, there are no longer whole platoons of soldiers that track you down to kill you for bumping into someone.  Hiding is pretty easy, because there are bushes pretty much everywhere, and you can always use them to sneak around and take out a couple of guards, or you can play it non-lethally and just sneak.All in all, Rogue is an amazing game compared to previous installments in the AC series.  I would highly suggest Rogue over Unity (if you are looking for story quality)  Unity was a bland, dry Ctrl C+ Ctrl V of Ezio's story, Rogue has the main character (as well as you) thinking about your allegiance to the Assassins, and how your ideals may differ greatly from them."
,Recommended,311560,27859528,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,✠ The Italian Spaniard ⚜,"Why do poeple not like Rogue? This is a great game! If you liked Black Flag, you'll like this. If you like to rank the Assassin's Creed games on how good they are, and we all know there are some really good ones and really bad ones, this is easily my 4th favorite one (with Brotherhood, Black Flag and AC2 as #3, #2, and #1). Not to mention, I've played through every AC game from the first one to this one.Pros:- Same engine and UI as Black Flag, but the graphics are actually OPTIMIZED for PC. No more 15 FPS like most people on PC get in Black Flag. I didn't have to turn down graphics or screen resolution and I still run this game at 30-45 FPS, without any extremely high end PC.- Play as a friggin Templar! After playing as an Assassin in EVERY OTHER GAME, finally I get to play as a Templar, which so far has so much more appeal to it. Unfortunately though, I have to back the darned British...- Cool story bro- Good weapons- Good DLCs- Cool manor/fort/house/thing to keep all your goodies- Plunder and get treasures just like Black Flag, but in more Northern areas of the world- Final chapter that the Kenways appear- And more...Cons:- The Templars back the British... darn redcoats... :/"
76561198041787762,Recommended,311560,26262334,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dallas Cowboy,"Awsome game!!! Works fine, no glitches, great graphics and storyline!!!!Worth it."
76561198048096716,Recommended,311560,23673584,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Maestro,"Interesting story with excelent gameplay elements.  As always, the last of the collectibles was a real drag, but that is what 100% means.  A pleasant break from the normal plot directions."
76561198143038556,Recommended,311560,32165169,Posted: 3 June,all,Skyeeer,"Great product, its a little bit inproved than black flag and they have made some things more realistic.  And i like the way they took Shay to become a templar after training as an assasin, that chaged a lot. and u can have a boat again and be a bloody pirate wich i loved in black flag. I played it for 7 hours after buying it"
,Recommended,311560,32914757,Posted: 27 June,all,SuperSweetSucc,Newfoundland is in it. Best Assassins Creed game
76561198064480010,Recommended,311560,28099988,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tom Renegade,Check out my full review on youtube!Let me know what you think.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EntDN-sGL94Thanks for whatching!
,Recommended,311560,20477989,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,[MKF]SneakySherpa,"Did you love the swashbuckling in AC4? Did you ever want to stick it to those socialist, SJW, terrorist, hippie, welfare queen asssassins? Then this is the game for you! Finally, aid the templars in their noble goal of preventing morons from ♥♥♥♥ing up the world. Now you can prevent socialism and terrorism from your computer! The Templar Order awaits!"
76561198006994945,Recommended,311560,26236121,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,pchrispol056,Very nice game .
76561198207378093,Recommended,311560,25628161,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,P01S0N,its great
76561198150332269,Recommended,311560,34557391,Posted: 28 August,all,TheBlackEagle-YT,"Suprised that this game didnt suck, considering it was released at the same time as Unity which was horrible.Honestly tho, good game ^^"
76561198132812456,Recommended,311560,34963491,Posted: 14 September,all,Captanegan,Brings over mechanics from Black Flag and adds a unique storyline. A pretty decent time.
,Recommended,311560,34967076,Posted: 15 September,all,schandor,"One of the best in the series until this one.  It sure is repetitive as all the other before, but you have a ship and fun naval combat, many new toys to play with on land. And after countless games playing as an assassin, now it is asking if it is right to be one."
,Recommended,311560,35320387,Posted: 29 September,all,RoboticDevice,"The most apt description is the one already given to it; it's Black Flag 1.5. Seemingly equal parts naval combat and traditional AC gameplay. The story was decent enough and I liked the tie-ins to other games in the series (particularly those relating to AC 3). Perhaps not the most memorable, but not bad by any means."
76561197970963302,Not Recommended,311560,26856875,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Washout,"First impression BADThe controles are locked to controller, even if that controller is a joystick. the game doesnt care and will not allow anyone to tell it overwise. manually editing the configuration files doesnt work the game resets the file. Making the file read only have no effect.Unpluging the joystick reveales the next problem the mouse is inverted on the x axis.... someone was clearly drunk when they made the control scheme.My first impression of the game should have been better, looking at the early story, but 30 minutes of fighting the game for control ruins the mood"
76561198017084434,Not Recommended,311560,30941734,Posted: 4 April,all,AwkwardWolfe,Poor planning for sequences in the game. Interesting story but the organisation is a let down
76561198301829571,Recommended,311560,31552948,Posted: 4 May,all,masterbaconater,"With only 6 sequences it's very short.  It's a good game, I would just recommend different Assassin Creeds.  I personally really enjoyed the game as the first Assassin's Creed I played.  I recently finished Assassin's Creed 2, and I prefer that over this.  If you have a console, you can get the Ezio collection pretty cheap, I would definently recommend it."
,Recommended,311560,20302773,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Wsól_LIVE,Still trying to figure it out about what is this game :D ...but i like design of gameGood job :)
76561198003380651,Recommended,311560,20237208,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,beyondtool,"If you enjoyed Black Flag you will love this, unless you are bored of that game. Runs beatifully compared to unity, though it's not a graphics powerhouse it runs cleanly and smoothly at a lovely 60fps on a r9 290. Very immersive and plenty to do. Like a greatest hits of AC.The only negatives are the invasive Uplay which is required to play the game and still crashes for me occasionally. I also had an issue with the newer Crimson AMD drivers crashing the game after the first cut scene and had to copy an older aticfx64.dll and atidxx64.dll file across to the main game directory (same fix required for Fallout 4)."
76561198077112791,Recommended,311560,35475593,Posted: 4 October,all,Fedora_appreciator,-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,311560,15021724,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Honeybadger,its fun
,Recommended,311560,14832033,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,♪♫DJ KUSH♫♪,"I've only had this game for an hour, and it is amazing!"
76561198269047717,Recommended,311560,35055146,Posted: 18 September,all,Tusken Raider,Although this is a good game it lacks story and also feels like a repeat of Black Flag.
76561198359369591,Recommended,311560,34729606,Posted: 4 September,all,Mul Tan,Good game worth every dollar
,Recommended,311560,14856761,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Emperor Solaris,"ou liked black flag? you WILL LOVE Rogue, the story is amazing and i barely started!!! really love the transition from assassin to templar!"
,Recommended,311560,15107423,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,i really want to sleep again,"Remember how fun Black Flag was?If yes,Rouge is practically like Black Flag,except,EVEN MORE FANCIER WITH A WHOLE LOT OF♥♥♥♥♥♥TO BLOW UPKick gangster in the face,steal all their♥♥♥♥♥♥and continue finding more loot while throwing balls of doom at your foes.Essentially,REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING FUN THAT I WOULD♥♥♥♥♥♥MY PANTS.So yea,BUY IT IF YOU KNOW WHATS GOOD FOR YOU."
,Not Recommended,311560,21145308,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,FractalSwordsman,"It's a game?So from the trailers and reviews I was expecting a game filled with stealthing, quick combat, some sea battle, and a cool story. Yes, that's what I was lead to while being persuaded to buy a ""game"" that was on sale. After waiting some time for the game to download, and when finished I was ready to play the game. Adjusting my seat in front of my setup, slipping on my headset, activating the product on Uplay, I then launch it. The usual stuff ""Multicultural influances, staff, historical stuff, blah blah."" Then Ubisoft logo, Abstergo Industries, then the game title logo comes up ""Assassin's Creed Rogue"", lastly it shifts to the title screen with the caption of ""Press a key"".This is where the magic happens. I press Enter, strangely nothing happens. Press Space bar, Nothing. I press W, nope. A, S ,D , Shift, Ctrl, Left mouse, Right mouse, Nothing happens. It then goes back to showing the usual AC game start up stuff, and pressing keys skip through the individual bits. I was appalled to what was happening and escaped thanks to the magic of Alt+F4. I launched the game again to see if I could get past the Title Screen, and to disappointment I could not. Then what I soon concluded was, I boughtAssassin's Creed Rogue, a AC game start up simulator edition. I looked online to see if others had this version of the game and found that only a few others had this.As far as gameplay goes, the usual keys get you through most of the logo stuff, there's not much of a story, the color palette of what there is consists mostly of blue and white. I suppose Ubisoft intended there to be a game here and all I got was this, $11.99 and 8.2 GB for a Start up simulator."
,Recommended,311560,34721608,Posted: 3 September,all,Nick Crompton,"Assassin's Creed Black Flag, but it's not about pirates."
76561198361334597,Recommended,311560,35181476,Posted: 24 September,all,IxChestyLaRuexI,Really kind of just meh compared to the other games and the story basically just makes the assassins do the things templars do like hold an entire village of natives hostage which doesnt make sense
76561198079801350,Recommended,311560,25007432,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Adolf Hitler,I have played the Assassin's creeds Franchasise from day one and Tbh if they made this a little more in depth this would have been the best by far imo if i had to rate this out of 10 i would give it a 8.5/10It had a great story made me think what is actually happeneing in the series then the ending Bam! Mind blown it had very good mechanics and is very well optimized I give it a 8.5/10 because it lacked Story it was only 7 Sequences and There was maybe 2-3 missions a sequence tops
,Not Recommended,311560,21096861,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,BUBBLE POP MOTHERFUCKA,This game is great!IF YOURE A MONKEY WHO WANTS TO PLAY A TREE CLIMBING SIMULATOR TO COLLECT ONE OUT OF 60 SHINY BANANAS THAT ARE SCATTERED ACROSS 60 LOCATIONS SO THAT YOU COULD GET 1 SWORD THAT YOU PAYED FOR WITH A DLC.2 WORDS=UPLAY
76561197963648068,Recommended,311560,30608407,Posted: 18 March,all,sKorpion,"initial rating: 6/10actual worth: $30Pros:Assassin Creed through and through.animus, time jumps, good story,lots of collectibles, classic rooftop running,naval battels from Black Flag....Cons:* lips out of sync,mouths sometimes do not move.listening to speach with them just staring...or obviously talking A LOT but no sound... wtf!?!?* animations can be rough at times... dated.* graphics MUST set to MAXIMUM...OR , be prepared for 1990 nintendo landscapes.seriously, if not at max there is no vegitation or detail.* controls rough ... it's a port and not made for PC....overall enjoying the story and naval combat.with all settings maxed it is 'good enough'and a fun return to the Black Flag world ;)just don't expect Black Flag...lacks the quality in ALL aspects to be compared.Black Flag was superior in every way."
,Recommended,311560,27875268,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Quote,an ok game
76561198103252611,Not Recommended,311560,29336125,Posted: 18 January,all,BigfootLee,"poor level design, refuse to work after finishing the story, good work ubisoft"
76561198212239444,Recommended,311560,14833032,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Black IInsurgent,"hmm what to say. well im only 5 percent done and really enjoy the game. the optimization is great. definmitely a must get, great story"
76561198067285156,Recommended,311560,19394153,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,|SASC| ✭✭✭ D ✭✭✭,Rogue is a better than Black Flag
76561198011677403,Recommended,311560,14856299,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,kohva,Great game if you liked blackflag you will LOVE this. The map is large and the games seem like it will be fairly long
76561198052011759,Not Recommended,311560,19479951,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TechiesMid,"Worst pile of crap I ever tried playing. Textures were building themselves up right infront of me. Tried all kinds of setting low or high, didnt matter. Invisible opponents stabbing at you. 0 fun. 0/10"
,Recommended,311560,14887418,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MrLucasBradshaw,"Good game and all but shouldn't it be called ""templar's creed"" now?"
76561198001679455,Recommended,311560,14898473,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,TGTF,mixed feelings.
76561198034308821,Not Recommended,311560,29381791,Posted: 20 January,all,Michael Jackson Fils de Zombie,"I'm surprised that game has such a good rating. It should be a Black Flag DLC... the story is useless in the main AC whole story, the abstergo Montreal is flavorless (far from Black Flag amazing immersion), and the side stories, well there are none. If you are a great fan of collectible items though you might greatly enjoy this game because this is the only way you won't finish it super quickly.The atmosphere is cold and lifeless (I know this is great north America but I'm also talking about all the characters), and that game bring nothing new.Had it been a Black Flag DLC (with according price), I would say that's a nice DLC. As a standalone, that's a pale Black Flag. Clearly that game is just an easy-money shot.Maybe it's worth it at 10$."
,Recommended,311560,35256214,Posted: 27 September,all,HipaHipa,"This is the shortest assassin creed story gameplay i ever played i completed this game less then 6 hours go straight on main mission skip all other mission but to me is good because i don't want waste my time on same boring mission again and again like kill him or kill her,I  like the time setting, the era of colonialism and seafarer adventures, the sea battled is amazing i like the atmosphere it's take my imagination away and the boarding battle ability in this series is cool.i like being templar a guy with redcross in my outfit.. i always wonder can we get next AC series that we can choose to become templar or assassin like RPG .(Will continue playing again until all port and fortress is mine) :DConclusion : This series is must have"
,Recommended,311560,26539295,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,QuantumWebz,It Is a Really Good GameMuch better Than Other Assassins creed games
,Recommended,311560,27296121,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jawn Rambo,it's alright i guess. don't buy unless its on sale for sure.
,Recommended,311560,35065477,Posted: 19 September,all,haveyouseenchefff,me likey
,Recommended,311560,16969507,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Emperor Scrub,better than unity
,Not Recommended,311560,20424668,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,koipoi,I thought it was MUCH better...
,Not Recommended,311560,23411715,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","basically a♥♥♥♥♥♥version of black flagthere is no fast walk so you can keep up with crowds without being caught, no crouching to sneak around and reduce your visibility, for some stupid reason to quickfire stuff is now Y instead of just tapping the aim buttonthey did take a step in the right direction when they brought back pistols and made the bad guys wear wrong prescription glasses, also they brought back that cool ""look at enemies in eagle mode to mark them permanently"" thing, and even if it is just a crap version of black flag, it is still better than unity, and even if shay is a bit of an♥♥♥♥♥ he is a lovable character and he is so nice to most.my biggest problem with this game is the story, no spoilers that you can't get from the name but basically shay kills everyone he knows for no other reason than he is a sped and doesn't know how to say 'wait, please listen, let me show you how dangerous this is""TL;DR: it is the shortest assass creed game I have ever played and it is decent, dunno if it is worth it though"
76561198158498843,Recommended,311560,20068163,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,maxandlaurie,I love this game possibly the best AC yet!!
,Recommended,311560,31948932,Posted: 25 May,all,Cedjoe,Nice Black Flag sequel
,Recommended,311560,32528680,Posted: 17 June,all,mugabei,"can't run the game cause uplay's broke, ubisoft pls gothis franchise would become exponentially more playable if uplay didnt exist"
76561198260739882,Recommended,311560,21780433,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,^9Vanilla ^4thunder,"AC rogue is one of the best games I have ever played.  The gaming experience is great and you can basically do whatever you want to do whether it's attacking an enemy ship and boarding it or renovating a building.  There are many great weapons, skins for Shay, and costomizations you can make to your ship.  You can upgrade Shay to make him stronger and able to hold more weapons.  Graphics are awesome.  I would definitely rate this game up"
,Recommended,311560,22836625,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ᵣᵤₘₛₐz,Very great game if assassinating just jump on the target from the roof or just run up and stab him and run ♥♥♥♥♥ run!
76561198273522381,Recommended,311560,25263247,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,China No.1,Good game!!
,Recommended,311560,21053770,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,我的裤腰带不可能那么高,I love this game.it taught me how to improve my English.良心公司育碧uplay？playu！
,Recommended,311560,19900466,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Aaron Kyro,10/10 ign is a video game
76561198047898965,Recommended,311560,15012069,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Osbone,It actually works.
,Recommended,311560,18733360,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,jon snow,its aight
76561198208415653,Recommended,311560,26987070,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Britz_Gaming (Andrew),"Good meme. Love the gameplay, even though its a bit late lol. Like what they improved on from Black Flag."
,Recommended,311560,19404174,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Vield,"Pros:1. Grafik yang bagus dan lumayan ringan (sett high), karena main di laptop dengan GPU Nvidia 820M2. Jalan cerita yang menarik dan bagus3. Ada tambahan senjata baru rifle yang sangat membantu dalam berburu atau stealth4. Dll, masih banyak sih :)Cons:1. Mungkin karena ini port dari konsol PS3 dan XBOX360 jadi ada beberapa detail yang dihilangkan, salah satu nya daun tidak bergerak saat kita mengumpat, tidak seperti AC BF yang bisa bergerak2. Tidak ada multiplayer3. Yang paling parah adalah pengguna Intel HD 3000 tidak bisa memainkan game ini, akan mengakibatkan black screen sehingga beberapa player tidak bisa mainUntuk sekarang harga game nya bisa dibilang cukup mahal, tapi untuk pecinta AC series tidak ada salah nya untuk membeli game ini."
76561198070834080,Recommended,311560,14843324,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,93haque,>Enter Assassin Territory>AssassinTemplar senses tingling> Hidden enemy nearby> See hooded guy sitting in bench in front of you> Not inconspicuous at all>Decide to ask totally-not-an-assassin dudebro for directions>Dudebro stabs me in the face10/10. Will get fooled by obvious Assassin tricks again.
76561198049448206,Recommended,311560,14848176,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Isplicewithadam,Better then Unity worse then Black Flag. *drops mic*
76561198020257116,Recommended,311560,14841869,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Electronic_Bunny,"An amazing game for me personally. The reason I say this is that I have only played fully AC1 to Revelations + a little bit of blackflag. I have heard from others that there isnt too much new content when compared to AC3 and Unity but if you havnt played those then this is just a fantastic game. The description of the story in this one doesnt do it credit. I expected some decent plot about a betrayed assassin who decides he wants revenge, the story is so much better than that though and it only makes playing as a templar more vivid and complex. So if you wish to play this game and you havnt played the recent ones (fully, 10 hours or so into one or two should be fine) then I recomend this game. If you have played every recent game, then I suggest you check out the content a bit more to see how much is genuinely new before picking up but the story is still worth it."
76561198024939414,Not Recommended,311560,22083063,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Legio I Eboracum,"Just bought this game. As sonn as i start, the game crashes..... SORT It out?"
76561197994996821,Not Recommended,311560,19326298,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Septema,"Could be a fantastic game, but it's full of crashes.  Start a new game and it crashes.  Adjust the settings for environment and it works great.  Get to Abstergo and it crashes repeatedly."
76561198290755906,Recommended,311560,25442962,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,tomokosuke,这是我玩过刺客信条当中优化最好的一个作品了，没有之一。
76561198044037428,Recommended,311560,20952360,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Yung Chadappa,Like a poor man's ACIV. Decent gameplay although bland. Serviceable entry in the series. Nothing groundbreaking.
76561198037108662,Recommended,311560,20989619,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,13,have all the assassins creed games this is my favorite (1 and 3 arnt on steam)(probably not the bst entry point to the serice though)
76561198023699884,Not Recommended,311560,20683211,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Ninjanene,"I cant play this game, i cant return it, wtf. im so mad!  I dont need to spend my day searching google for fixes.  again WTF!"
,Not Recommended,311560,21017922,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,goalmaster14,"It's certainly not one of the best games in the series. It lacks the in depth story telling from AC1 through Revelations. All the gameplay mechanics are still there. I'm not much of a fan of the ship game play as it feel tedious to me. none of the missions really stood out to me either. The game took me about 2 months to finish as it failed to keep me interested enough to play it through in a short amount of time. Being a fan of the series I forced myself to keep coming back to it incase there's anything important story wise for any future games. The ending also sucked and came about what felt very abruptly. It didn't even really feel like achieved any particular goal by the end of the game.(Edit: After starting Unity, I see why it ended where it did. It still didn't really feel like the ending was much of an end goal though. It's basically a prequel to Unity showing some events leading up to where Unity starts. Doesn't change my opinion on the game much though)If you're a fan of the series it may be worth picking up for what little story continuation it offers but otherwise I wouldn't bother or get it on sale."
,Recommended,311560,15269813,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Velm15,Story is very short but fulfilling. It is nice to see things from the Templar point of view. It is kind of a Black Flag 1.5 though to be fair. The ending is very good especially if you have already played Unity like I have.
76561198063932319,Recommended,311560,15409387,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Eddy Baby,Story wise and main character prespective this is my favorite Assassin's Creed. Mainly due to the fact that Templars are way cooler then the Assassin's
76561198028810465,Recommended,311560,15563432,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Monkey!,This game's story was very good! And it use the BF engine (maybe a lil bit polished) which is a plus to me! :)If you liked Black flag you will love this one!!
,Recommended,311560,16614861,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Litterally Bonkers™,Awesome game
,Recommended,311560,15737153,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Paul Iacob,"Love the game, runs smoothly"
76561197988667245,Recommended,311560,15309262,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,andyjadams,"This is a great addition to the Assassin's Creed group of games.  It piggy backs off the awesome 'Black Flag' with the mix of sea battles and city life.  But I feel that the levelling of this game is much better.  The resources are harder to get and I felt like I was looking for more resources than just Metal in this game.  In Black Flag by the time you had accumulated the necessary amount of Metal then you also had enough of everything else.  That is not the case in this gmae.The story feels right and the mix from the other games of the period is spot on.  It's good to get some back story about what happened to the Assassin's before Connor comes along.  It's also great to play as the Templars.There are new challenges like taking over the Gangs in New York as well as the icebergs in the water.  One of the features I found really changed my game play was having people stalking me.  Whenever you hear the whispering you start taking way more care.Even though the graphics might be considered last year, the game play certainly makes up for this.  It's one of those games that there is always just one more activity to finish before you exit.  Oh and one more and one more ... It's 3am how did that happen.This is a must for all Assassin Creed fans."
76561198080603645,Recommended,311560,15602852,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,✠Lothar von Arnauld✠,Good game
76561198057149527,Recommended,311560,19864474,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,[SAINGS] Nolls,From my point of view the Assassins are evil
,Recommended,311560,19984601,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Classy Jesus,Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag 2: Templar EditionNow with more edge
,Recommended,311560,19691947,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,yanyuzhe,"Emm, it is Blackflag 2. I am a big fan of Blackflag"
76561198171808663,Recommended,311560,15367142,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,jbreezy94,"Assassin's Creed has always been an interesting beast. On one hand, it has a tendency to be INCREDIBLY inconsistent, as evidenced by the bungled release of Unity. Yet, for some reason, I continue to come back to it. Maybe it's because I'm a history buff, and few 'casual fans' of this series actually appreciate how many of the depicted in-game events actually happened. For example *SPOILERS* in the opening sequence of this game you find yourself in Lisbon in 1755, site of one of the most devastating earthquakes in recorded history.I sank (haha, because pirates) a HUGE amount of time in ACIV. I'm new to PC gaming, so I played on console, but I would guess I played for 60+ hours total. It had an awesome setting, good protagonist, and was brimming with stuff to do. I'm reviewing this game a bit early, having currently only played for about 8 hours. Thing is, it doesn't take an AC veteran like myself long to figure out what this game is. It truly is just a redeployment of the ACIV forumla. Luckily, it was one HELL of a winning formula, and this game succeeds BECAUSE it emulates it predecessor. Based on what I've seen you can take the number of things there was to do in ACIV and TRIPLE it. This gaming is BURSTING with stuff do. If you liked Black Flag, you'll like this game all the same."
,Recommended,311560,15445871,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,MetalByte,"Loving it at first try...! Player-friendly interface, just how I like it. Excellent job Ubisoft! And nice job on the additional gameplay and challenges. Job well done indeed. Extremely satisfying [for me]."
,Recommended,311560,15910628,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Apocrypha,Essentially copy/paste of Black Flag with some refinements. Entertainment value is still good.  7/10
,Recommended,311560,16292186,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Name.exe,"Like black flag, besides the fact that you're a badass Templar.  Also this game SAVES *cough* black flag *cough*"
76561198037746043,Recommended,311560,16668711,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,pennstater100,"I have mixed feelings about this game. I got it because Unity is too broken to play based on other peoples reviews. So when the sale was going around, aka summer sale, I got it. Since I never played Unity I can't say how the gameplay is or story. So I'll talk about how I feel about this game.The gameplay is very similiar to AC4. Gameplay being for me atmosphere of the game. You're on a ship sometimes and land other times. You gonna go from one place to the other a lot. The map of where you can go is different. You can got to 3 different locations which is pretty cool. Each location has a different evironment. You can modify your ship again with armor and bascially the same stuff as AC4.Note: I have seen a lot of bugs in this game. Like the character disapearing in cutscenes. A simple reload always does the trick. But it is annoying.The story is kind of boring. The whole point of this is to see the main character (Shay) go from Assassin to Templar and thats all I was waiting for. And going along with that, since I just wanted to see that I didn't really care about his (Shay) early assassin missions. So I finished the main story pretty quick but if I explored more I would have gotten more hours into it. One thing I did like is that some of the missions didn't feel like ""filler"" missons and if felt like an actual mission. Example being, ""Go get this item for this guy, then do something for another guy."" The missions in this feels more like a mission. Like you're actually accomplishing something.The combat is kind of fluid, it has a lot of the same moves from AC4, but the other motions that they added in are clunky. The game looks good, but again takes me back to AC4.I know this isn't a great review for something I recommend, but this final bit is why I do. This game wraps up the Kenway Story from AC3 and AC4. Also at the very end it has a scene fromUnity. It just concludes so many unclosed doors, so to speak, from these two games that left out so much. I recommend this game if you want their story to be finished and never told ever again.I don't think this game is as good as the others and not worth the $50. Get it when it goes on sale, I got it when it was $20. So for me it was a decent buy.Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,311560,20022617,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,iamlixer24,awesome
,Recommended,311560,14849458,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Nomad22,"A Creed worth fighting forDespite being released on last generation consoles in November the PC release of Assassins Creed: Rogue has been one of the best releases from Ubisoft in a few years. It is not haggard by bugs and general Hiccups like Assassins Creed: Unity which up until recently, began to be playable. However, was it worth the wait, is this a Assassins Creed: Blackflag with a different skin.We trade the gorgeous Caribbean for the cold bitter North Atlantic. It shows within the few moments of gameplay when you no longer see the lush turquiose waters and see dark blues. Considering that this game uses the same game engine (Anvilnext) as Black Flag, you should not expect any ground breaking graphics like with the case with Unity. If you played Black Flag, it is basically the same. If your toaster could run Black Flag, you could run this game, and then some as with the tweaking for optimization was already done for Black Flag. One can assume that a lot of the areas are copy and pasted from Assassins Creed 3 such as New York, but in fact, those maps have been Redone to have the same amount of ""life"" as the towns in Black Flag had.What makes Rogue stand out, is the fact that you play as Shay Cormac, who is a Templar. The theme of the predator has turned into prey is enjoyable, as when you do hunt for assassins, they do employ assassin tactics on you. Rogue is best if you have played Assassins Creed 3, Black Flag, and Unity. A lot of characters from those games do appear in Rogue as either some from Shays time, or from Connors time. But for new comers, the game does provide excellent detail on each character, as well as historical videos to catch you up to speed as rewards in some puzzles. The story is predictable, but it does show insight on the Templar way of thinking.If you played Black Flag, then Rogue is similar in it's play style. Assassinate people, ride a boat, and be a privateer. However, there are new elements to the game, such as having a dart gun, using your ship to break the ice, and actually having to be weary of other ships attempting to board my ship.The game however is not without its gripes, it is the same formula. Black Flag was ground breaking in the sense that you had new mechanics in the game. To be honest, this feels like a cash grab, but a cash grab in the sense that Ubisoft cares a tiny bit for the players that the game itself is actually playable on launch.Is this worth $50? Yes it is, well to me that is. It is the same content but creatively used to provide a refreshing experience. It is a good thing that this is not priced at the normal premium of $60. Quite honestly, this is one of the most refined Assassins Creed that has used the AnvilNext engine, and we would have to wait a few more games after Unity to get the same refinement."
76561198141772330,Recommended,311560,16031505,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,AppliedCrab8,Jumping Clits! you get to kill the french leaving a six sense to the brits letting them know no more treks through the snow you killed all the ♥♥♥♥♥s allowing them to win the war.as shay you stay astray from the lame assassins game as they shame you and claim your a dang traitor but with a bang you'll be ascer-tain to know you don't just maim........boom end of the game!
76561198054787361,Recommended,311560,16916088,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Apooxcub,loveing it so far
76561198120775899,Recommended,311560,14855716,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,scuzzlebutt,sad theres no multiplayer but all in all its an amazing game and i love every aspect of it.but seriously the multiplayer is a must for this game
76561198026364461,Recommended,311560,15094983,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Elk,"What I liked about AC: Rogue? The story. It's all about perspective, anyone can be a villain or a hero based on their choices.What I didn't like about AC: Rogue? It was short, compared to other Assassin's Creed games. There are six sequences with some short bonus memories for Shay. The extra missions outside of the main story, well it just didn't feel as organically designed as Black Flag. There is quite a bit of travel back and forth, and navigation in the River Valleys is really annoying. There's more side activities than I think actual story - but don't get me wrong. The story is just great."
76561198126368833,Recommended,311560,15122020,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,lucille19,"gamenya keren, rasa2nya campuran blackflag sama unity dan ada beberapa map ascreed 3 deh. cuman ada beberapa bagian yg agak glich atau kurang unreal. tapi keseluruhan keren abis"
76561198104119699,Recommended,311560,15197488,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,President Scary,"20% report:This game is really impressive so far.  I don't know why, or how, but I can completely max it out on my rig with pretty steady 60 fps whereas AC IV and even AC III would make my computer bleed.  I think Ubisoft secretly released an amazingly optimized, fully-formed, and enjoyable AC game in the wake of Unity (not even going to try to run that mess on my PC).As for the story, I LOVE it so far.  It picks up where AC IV left off in a way, putting you in the shoes of a selfish and hardheaded outsider.  Only this time, you're (hurrr spoiler) the ""bad guy,"" a Templar, dispelling those self-entitled and whiny Assassins.  As a pretty big AC fan, I have to say, it is weirdly satifisying to dispatch members of the Order, almost disconcertingly so.Oh, you know how awesome it was messing up fools on the high seas in AC IV?  You can do that too, with improved and expanded combat, new weapons, and NEW SEA SHANTYS.Graphically, it looks like AC IV but runs like a dream.  Granted, I'm on a discontinued AMD 6100 and a GTX 770, but for me, it's really quite nice.  I guess it only took Ubisoft 2.5 games to get their engine optimized for PC...After AC II, this is my favorite in the series so far.  If you're a AC fan, buy it now.  Otherwise, just buy it on sale.8/10 (incomplete review)"
,Recommended,311560,15331533,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Redeemer,"AC Rogue is by far one of the best AC games, if you loved AC Black Flag, you will love this AC Rogue. It pretty much connects AC Black Flag > AC Rogue > AC III > AC Unity together - A truly epic story!"
,Recommended,311560,15604297,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,The Nightingale,I love the game play but i can go both ways they could have done a new model wioth shay and what they did was take Edwards Model and put a new face on it the whole of the game is a redone Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag but all in all 8.5/10 would do it again :)
76561198127512116,Recommended,311560,16847638,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,SHAKIRA,gg
,Recommended,311560,19794786,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Lord Bradshaw90,"What a wonderful game! Lisbon destruction was awesome, see Adewale in his old age, seeing Haythem...this is a MUST game to play after gaming AC3 and AC4....i would recommend this game, its wonderful and im still enjoying it! Cant believe how well it ties in AC3, AC4 and Unity....this game is a MUST to play in the storyline...."
,Recommended,311560,20045263,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jigglypuff Rullz,"Same as Black Flag. Not so many new things, but this is Assassin's Creed right?"
76561198144008545,Recommended,311560,20045180,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Zeltune,I don't know if I should reccomend this beacause i am having troubles playing it. it says there is a problem and acc.exe has stopped working. I do not know what to do its really annoying. if anyone has the same problem then im sorry i cant help. But if someone has the solution plz reply im always checking the comments
76561198047306198,Not Recommended,311560,34355730,Posted: 19 August,all,Casual Ninja,"It's a decent game, I guess. However like all assassin's creed games, the controls are absolutely horrible."
76561198313873207,Recommended,311560,33599091,Posted: 16 July,all,Julius Pedro,Yo
76561198035472537,Not Recommended,311560,30934771,Posted: 3 April,all,The professor,I am sorry but i dont sare the majority oppinion on this one... I love the francise played every single game in it but this game just feels like i was playing assassins creed 3 and 4 mushed together there was some new enyoable elements as taking down headqarters and doing interception missions but that is it for a whole new instalement it just felt like a small dlcto being a templar side i was still an assassin that call himself a templar lore addition was nice i liked the story and the ending but i had enough of edward kenway way too much naval gameplay for not being a pirateThe whole game just felt out of place but that is just my opinion
76561198144645959,Recommended,311560,30403795,Posted: 8 March,all,Hughston12,Very good.
76561198089928238,Recommended,311560,14846267,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,YourCrazyDolphin,"Gameplay same as Black Flag, at least, for sequence one. The game, after sequence one, begins to open up, and while Shay's mechanics are the same(except for a gas mask, which makes him immune to smoke bombs if you pull it on time) but no more diving segments. However, here's what makes the game unique: You are a templar, so, now, instead of fighting the Templar guards(Don't worry, normal guards are still there and you can fight them), you fight the assassins. Fitting of how the assassins have always worked, they will hide and take cover to stay out of shay's sight. Get too close, and they perform an assassination, effectively taking out half your health, then run away(Like the Stalkers in AC:R). But, since they are now trained enemies, don't think you can chase them and just stab them, no, that is how you die. Instead, shoot them.But, better off, you can use your eagle vision to search them out and kill them. You can approach their hiding spot and just stab them(though you have to be quick for that), or shoot them. But, if you aren't fast and out of ammo, shay has several options for getting them out of cover. I haven't played too far into the game, but this is a unique change in gameplay, intercepting assassinations and others of the such."
76561198031397923,Not Recommended,311560,16638381,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Drmurda,"Shorter the Black Flag, was just a copy pasted game. Only liked afew parts of it. Not worth full price.""I would vote neutral, but I ahve to choose up or down..."
76561198005636407,Not Recommended,311560,30921422,Posted: 3 April,all,Meneldil,"I bought this because I had fond memories of Black Flag, and because I'm somewhat of a history nerd (which is what made me play most AC games). I was somewhat enthousiastic as the game downloaded on Steam.Then I played, and played some more. And well, I guess this is the AC that's too much for me. There are so many things wrong with this game that I don't even know where to start.The gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It always has been, even after Unity and Syndicate pitiful attempts at improvings things. Fighting is a joke, a QTE that doesn't say his name. Normal enemy? Push E when he attacks. Big tough guy? Hit space. And, ffs, haven't those four archetypes of soldiers been around since, I don't know, AC 2 or 3?Why is my character, that irish no-name with the charisma of an oyster, still running everywhere except on the ground? If I want to go from my cabin to the wheel of my ship, why is he jumping onto guns, barrels, or even other people, and not sticking to the floor? I mean, I get that AC is about climbing stuff, but why, 8 years or so after AC1, is climbing still so ♥♥♥♥♥♥? Why does Tomb Raider gets it right immediatly, when Ubisoft still can't offer us a half decent parkour?Why do you have to fill your game with useless and grindy content? Letters, golden shinny stuff, silver shinny stuff, totems, swords, tombs, crosses... Humpeback whale skin, white whale skin, killer whale skin... If I wanted to play a MMO, I'd play a MMO: WoW is better at this, and grinding♥♥♥♥♥♥there at least feels somewhat useful. Here, I'm just trying to fill up a bar that says ""Syncronization: 67%"".The rest, the biased vision of history (""booh at those evil french"", laughable when you know that a) the French were much less devious than the Brits during the 7 years war, and b) that Ubisoft is a french company that doesn't even try to not present a ""history for anglo saxon dummies"" point of view), the terrible dialogues... That's the icing on the cake, that I'd be willing to forget if the rest of the game was fun and interesting.Mind you, all of this isn't new. Past AC games had the same flaws. And then some more. But, I guess, my time has become too valuable for those shenaningans. If you make a game, at least try to make it somewhat entertaining. Cause Assassin's Creed isn't anymore."
,Recommended,311560,14832773,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,theUltimo,"This honestly is what Unity should have been:  evolutionary iteration instead oftrying to do next-gen and failing.  No major bug issues, performance is golden, all in all, a great addition to the AC franchise.  If you like Black Flag, this is the next step."
76561197970701643,Recommended,311560,25385275,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"It's another Assasins Creed game, this time, something."
76561198021757575,Recommended,311560,20229082,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Incipit Satan,Very Good Well Played Game!!Love It!!!!!Yeah You Go Rogue!!!!!!!
76561198006756264,Recommended,311560,28819644,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Edgewalker,"Single player experience:Logging in to Ubisoft server, please wait...Logging in to Ubisoft server, please wait...Logging in to Ubisoft server, please wait...Mr XYZ wants to be your friendMr XYX wants to be your friendMr ZYX wants to be your friendMr QWE wants to be your friendMr ZZZ wants to be your friendMr YYY wants to be your friendMr XXX wants to be your friendMr ZXY wants to be your friendUplay y u do disUplay stahpPS. The game itself is ok though"
76561198060581019,Not Recommended,311560,33193935,Posted: 3 July,all,straido,"It's like black flag ... just newer, but still the same. I mean ... did it bring anything new?"
76561198201127706,Not Recommended,311560,33927420,Posted: 31 July,all,clonewars956,I can't even open the game! It starts up and says it's synchronizing with u play and then it minimizes and them crashes. Please fix this!!! Until then I  will not recommend the game to anyone.
76561198087796261,Not Recommended,311560,19290743,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,mindegrybas,Assassins creed black flag is the same but more beter
,Recommended,311560,14843099,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Loomaanaatii,"One of the best AC games to date. So far the story line is good, and the graphics are amazing.I cannot believe how a Single 980 can run this game at 4k maxed out. Looks visually stunning and always above 60 FPS.Good job ubisoft. I guess you were looking for redemption."
,Recommended,311560,14847617,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Johnny Blaze,"So much better then Unity, 10/10 for only have 4 hours into the game. So much fun and enjoyable..10/10 - Ship Traveling/Battling9/10 - Sword Combat/Gun Battles10/10 - On New content and bringing in some familiar characters, Love the Story line!!For sure best pre-paid game I've gotten in a while!"
,Recommended,311560,20001245,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Inquisitioner,The best AC of them all. Combines the very best of AC 3 and Black Flag while at the same time allowing you to play as a Templar - FINALLY! It lacks the length of Black Flag and swag from Unity - but it makes up for it without any doubt by its special enemy types alone. Such as stalkers and assassin's at dens and alike.
76561198300521324,Recommended,311560,30384655,Posted: 7 March,all,RadLittleDawg2,it be gud
76561198075466048,Recommended,311560,32306528,Posted: 9 June,all,Purple,"Amazing game, i`ve played almost every AC game and this is the best one"
,Recommended,311560,14857445,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ijd60914,so the game wont even start awesome its doing the same thing that Unity did when I instaled it.
,Recommended,311560,30646837,Posted: 20 March,all,krombopulos michael,By far one of my fav Assassin's Creed games. If you took all the best bits from black flag and then doubled it you'd end up with this.
,Recommended,311560,18860327,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Jadestryker,"Assassin's Creed Rogue is one of my favorite AC games. AC Rogue is a much better version of AC Blackflag due to the fact that it has improved ship on ship combat, the graphics of this game are amazing and since  they split the map into three different parts, your computer doesn't have to work as hard to run this game, unlike Blackflag.  Even though this game has a shorter story than most AC games, the gameplay makes up for it in the long run. I rate 20/10 for this game."
76561198052576965,Not Recommended,311560,21066180,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Steak,My computer has ran any game I've thrown at it flawlessly. Then I tried to play Assassin's Creed. It runs great until I try to move then it immediately crashes or just locks up. WTH ? They need to take care of their bugs before they start charging people money for it.
,Recommended,311560,18495019,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Andromalius,ship combat is fun (2)
,Not Recommended,311560,18513564,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Firus!,"I have a boss PC, Nvidia GeForce GTX 760, and Intel Core i7-4790. And  I got past the part when you protect his ship and I'm in the loading part and it takes forever."
76561198121296797,Recommended,311560,14830383,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,BloodStrafe,AWSOME stack thes civilans on yuor ship and your black beard.
,Recommended,311560,14847957,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Crazyeyes,"Everything that made AC IV great, and then some. Seems to be a good PC port. Runs even smoother for me than Black Flag, graphics maxed out."
76561198122088597,Recommended,311560,14842331,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Onslaught,its alright wish it had muiltplayer
76561198072305672,Recommended,311560,28120371,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Gr33nViper,"Ok before i start:AC2>Unity>Rogue>Syndicate>BrotherhoodPros:-You have a ship-You are a templar-Ship battles-2 maps-Hunting-Crafting-Legendary ship battles-You play a Abstergo agent in the present time-SPOILER: We get to know why Arno became the man who he is in unity.Cons-Story-Collect them all: cards, shantys, animus fragments etc.-Cities are bloody small-Boring landscapes, i feel like somehow every city looks the same except of Boston6.5/10Unity is better! Why? Now i will get down voted by 4k players who want 300fps. LmaoYes Unity had performance problems. Yes and bugs.BUTUnity had a great story. You could play Co-op. You had Paris, Elise is bloody hot. Plus you had a DLC.Deal with it."
76561198271979233,Recommended,311560,31107337,Posted: 12 April,all,Icecold,I LIKE FOOD!!!   P.S for 20 dollars
,Recommended,311560,14817825,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,HeHun✝er⛧,Like Assassin's Creed Unity but with less disappointment.
76561198039061649,Not Recommended,311560,30785801,Posted: 27 March,all,william.lawler,"3When I can get the game to actually run without crashing it isn't bad. Problem is that sometimes it will take 3 or 4 crashes before it will run smoothly on Windows 10. Only way I have been able to get it to run is by running it in windows 7 compatability mode and administrator. Works sometimes and doesn't work sometimes. As long as this problem has been reported to UBISOFT you would think they would fix it. While it is sheap on Steam, still not worth the cost to put up with the agarvation."
,Recommended,311560,19681432,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ThatRadioGeek,"Rogue is basically the same as Black Flag, in terms of gameplay, with a few added features. Namely, this time around, not only can you board other ships but they can board you as well. And there's a grenade launcher.You get to see things from the Templar's perspective this time around, and instead of handling it in a ""these are the bad guys, these are the good guys, the end"" type of way, it really greys the line between the Assassins and Templars. The game sets the scene for both 3 and Unity, dealing with characters from both games. Adewale makes a return as well.There's not much else to tell, really. You can read about the synopsis elsewhere, and as far as gameplay goes, like I said, it's pretty much the same as Black Flag. The game performs extremely well, much better than Unity in any event."
76561197971582031,Not Recommended,311560,24683669,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,BitingSarcasm,"I like Assassin's Creed games, but this isn't an AC game--it's The Templars Strike Back, with Darth Shay as the protaganist.  The gameplay is solid AC but rather than evolve from Black Flag, Ubi just stuck in a bunch more dreck.  There are so many collectibles that serve so little purpose that there is hardly any point to trying.  Shay is also loaded down with so much kit that there is no point in calling this a stealth game anymore.  You can literally assault forts head on, singelhandedly, and not even empty your pouches of bullets, throwing knife (why the hell does he even carry one), smoke bombs, rope darts, berserk and sleep darts from your rapid fire rifle, berserk and sleep and shrapnel bombs from your upgraded rifle....it's ludicrous that Shay can even swim with this much gear, he should sink.Some of the new touches are nice; the stalker mechanic is fun, the crafting is now easier and you can buy your way through instead of grinding for white whales; best of all, you can skip to the end of those interminable naval battles.  But this really doesn't make up for the worst storytelling I have seen in a while.SPOILERS FOLLOWI can handwave a lot for a good story, or I would be angry every time I got out of the water and immediately fired a flintlock black powder pistol.  Stupid guards are to be expected, and though I hate how polite bad guys are as they wait for me to kill them one at a time, I still enjoy laying waste to them.  But despite having pre-formulated elaborate, suicidal plans to ""delay"" Shay, when he is laying helpless at a Master Assassin's feet she goes for a slow kill by taking his gas mask.  After he survives that, shes poisons him and runs.  So she didn't want to kill her former student personally, fine, but then why didn't she just throw away the antidote she was carrying?  Bad writing.  I have read high school student work that shows more appreciation for character development with more ability to carry it out.  Shay saying he feels really bad about betraying and killing everybody that he ever cared about in his earlier life rings more than hollow.  He is the bad guy and an a**hole to boot.  I kept waiting for that redeeming moment for him, and it never came.  I think I would have had more fun if I could have found some way for him to die of poetic justice instead of jackbooting his way over the bodies of his friends.  He isn't even an antihero, he is just a whiny punk and I feel punked for playing this game through to the end."
,Recommended,311560,28718797,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,aminbizeps,good
,Not Recommended,311560,24086143,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Minty,lost my save game.. ♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198119332619,Not Recommended,311560,25019081,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Halfrican Jones,"At this moment in time, I have all the recommended specs for Rouge, but after I completed the prologue, it will instantly crash no matter the changes I make, you know what that means... ♥♥♥♥ing U-Play. No, no, no, you don't U-play...you U-Crash line every other dumbed-down console ports at have been on that platform for the last two years. How Zombi port is more compatible than this, I have no idea.I have played this game on PS3,and the plot is much better than the garbage that was AC Unity. But as of this review, unless you figured out the crash that is on this port, this game gets my score of Burn. It is not worth a buy."
,Recommended,311560,21075471,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,TANKbutt,why do i even have this game
76561198216365983,Not Recommended,311560,33365969,Posted: 8 July,all,reindrips,trash. launched once.
,Recommended,311560,16853047,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Mildly Strange,"I r8 8/8 m8, this gaem iz gr8 m8."
76561198092539684,Recommended,311560,22035300,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,President Donald Trump,An intresting twist to the seris with a solid storyline till the end
,Not Recommended,311560,16838694,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,[7VOX] Vox_Dei_Populi,great game but does the same damn thing that black flag does once you get to about 38% in the game it starts you back at the begining
,Recommended,311560,35166008,Posted: 23 September,all,Scrappy,Became an atheistThanks to Shay
,Recommended,311560,14826896,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Shark-2,Thumbs up for the first Triple-A Game with EyeX support ;)But even without this game is recommendable :D
76561198141193417,Recommended,311560,14829572,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,RequiesNinja,Already better than Unity.
76561197997334484,Not Recommended,311560,29545992,Posted: 28 January,all,Johnny Kaboom,Crashes everytime.Fun Game but AC Black Flag is much better.The Story is not as good as the Critics want you to belive
76561198011671784,Not Recommended,311560,23428847,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,firestorm5636,"Maybe it is the fact Im used to online MMO's, FPS etc but the controls on this game are so damn sluggish and 1/2 the time dont work. The graphics lock up (and PLEASE dont try to say I have a crap computer I have a damn good one)IM so frustrated with the just completly unintuitive controls that I am going to uninstall it. It is a complete waste of money."
,Not Recommended,311560,28398799,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Arcane Blades,I'm done with Uplay games.... I can't stand having to play around with their proprietary crap store app... I bought this game on Steam and all I should have to do to play the damn game is hit play....that's it.I've returned one Uplay game due to this issue and have two other games I just deleted because I don't want to waste my time whenever I want to play by being required to go back and repeatedly relink my Steam account to my Uplay account...Uplay sucks....that's why I use Steam....Uplay will never be as good as Steam...they need to give it up and just make games.
,Not Recommended,311560,34508000,Posted: 26 August,all,Whisper,boring for ♥♥♥♥s sake ac black flag is better
,Not Recommended,311560,20959391,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Captain Amelia,This. Sucks.
,Not Recommended,311560,33077275,Posted: 1 July,all,I ♥ Pankaj,"If I could kill all people with an irish accent I would not be alive, but it would be worth it to never hear the main character's voice again."
,Recommended,311560,14950785,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Mayyple,yee
76561198124081401,Not Recommended,311560,22700283,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,✪ Pafy The GymRat,"This game is a copy paste from Black Flag, the only new and interesting thing about this game is the story. Nothing else. Don't know if it was worth the money tho tbh.The game is meh in my opinion.5/10"
76561198258126042,Recommended,311560,34065030,Posted: 6 August,all,Who me?,When did I buy this?
,Not Recommended,311560,18298002,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,GDem,dont buy just russian version....
76561198048827567,Recommended,311560,14837528,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,inigo montoia,good game
76561198028309813,Not Recommended,311560,33329872,Posted: 6 July,all,royson,"PLAYED AC BLACK FLAG RECENTLY,JUST BOUGHT AC ROGUE,REACHED 3% AND DECIDED THAT I'D WASTED  £ 16 . NEVER STUTTERED SO MUCH SINCE I WAS 5 YEARS OLD. I CAN AFFORD TO LOOSE £16, YOU JUST SAVE YOUR MONEY.. GOING TO TRY FOR A REFUND AND DONATE IT TO JACK DANIELS.WISH ME LUCK.REGARDS ROYBOY."
76561198315217548,Not Recommended,311560,35326550,Posted: 30 September,all,zhangenbang,ACC.EXE STOPS every 20 minutes! ♥♥♥♥ it!
,Not Recommended,311560,30740707,Posted: 25 March,all,Sharo,"The game is a standard AC game. I like the pirate parts, gameplay feels like an extension of Black Flag. The game shuts down randomly (ACC.exe has stopped working). This problem is common. I got the game on sale for $10 and still would not recommend, as this issue occurs so often that I can not play for 15 minutes straight."
76561198066820514,Not Recommended,311560,28105600,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Greatlotus1304,Won't launch and yes i have tryed all kinds of diffrent guides to fix it but none of them helped. Ubisoft pls fix u're game...
76561198022070979,Not Recommended,311560,31374544,Posted: 26 April,all,Qarrack,unoptimized powerpoint simulator.
,Not Recommended,311560,34024012,Posted: 4 August,all,Van Helsing,"Crashes before it even gets to title screen. Don't waste your money on it or your time trying to get it to work. And I'm using a new pc with all the requirements and it's windows 10. So do not bother with. Also don't bother writing to Ubisoft. They know their games don't work for pc players and they don't do a darn thing about it. When you write them they give a crappy reply that doesn't help fix your problem, they don't reply again, and they also don't follow their own rules on how long before they reply to the innital message. So yeah. Don't waste your time and consider yourself lucky if it works for you."
,Recommended,311560,20039456,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,goka9696,An Assassin's Creed game that is actually goodHoly
,Recommended,311560,23656664,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,マーカス ワンタップ,Best game maybe :))
,Not Recommended,311560,20997987,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Exzeon,"After playing for a short while, and after how much I enjoyed Unity; Rogue feels really old and clunky, especially with the ability to crouch missing. It's definitely not as beautiful as Unity being based on older technology but hopefully the plot will be as good as everyone suggests, because so far I'm really not impressed - and the voice acting is the worst of the entire series."
76561198072078994,Not Recommended,311560,24380344,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mediocre Magi,"Poorly optimized on windows, will not open from steam♥♥♥♥ ubisoft in the urethera"
76561198261050079,Not Recommended,311560,28539542,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,udoPolar,"Black Flag 1.5.  Story should of been more rivetting.  However this game was not.  This game was to cliche ""revenge"" type which just bores me.  Should of been more powerful and more impactful like ""Damn hes broken inside and willing to break the creed"" instead... he just kind of had a hissy fit"
76561198120540428,Recommended,311560,35248875,Posted: 27 September,all,Spreelly,its fun
76561198141934120,Not Recommended,311560,23074910,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,DeathStalker,"keeps saying ACC.EXE has stopped working but i have no ACC.EXE folder and everyone says to open it and re-install game but nothing, wont fix no matter what i do"
76561198046675266,Recommended,311560,17608257,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Dustin,"Pretty much a copy/spin-off of Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag.Same engine, gameplay and controls with a lot of new things including weapons/ammo, boat features, etc.Very much enjoyable like Black Flag except too tedious, I collected eveything in 4 but with this game I wasn't inclined to even try since there's no point doing it all over again.*SPOILERS*Should have called this game Assassin's Creed: Templar, since you're not rogue, just a traitor.AND OMG THE CREDITS ARE UN-SKIPPABLE! AND IT TAKES OVER 30 MINUTES! IF YOU QUIT, YOU HAVE TO RE-WATCH IT AGAIN TO KEEP PLAYING zOMfG!!!!!!! >:OGreat story, characters, and cutscenes!9/10"
76561198022834556,Not Recommended,311560,22028642,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,chch45,The fact that Ubisoft and Steam shove only the Russian versions down our throats sucks big time!
76561198067065324,Not Recommended,311560,28995013,Posted: 3 January,all,Platonicsoulmate,"just play black flag, it was less buggy"
76561198156796701,Not Recommended,311560,30877767,Posted: 1 April,all,BlueJayz474,This game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ I downloaded it and then couldn't find the CD key anywhere!
,Recommended,311560,34703126,Posted: 2 September,all,kieran,7/10
,Recommended,311560,14819720,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Mike,"This game plays and feels like a good blending of Black Flag and scenes/settings from Assassins Creed III. Only three hours into the game, but so far it has an interesting story and is fun in the way that Black Flag was."
,Recommended,311560,14837010,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,♠ Kyle ♠,YESLike AC4 but better.. a lot better.
,Not Recommended,311560,33154873,Posted: 2 July,all,Inquisitor Blitz,"If you loved all the dumb parts of AC4, then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,311560,32133761,Posted: 2 June,all,PDR Kuma🐻,"If you like AC's story then get it but this is a buggy mess, can't stand it anymore and I've barely started"
,Not Recommended,311560,31525580,Posted: 3 May,all,joester77,"Uninteresting player character and a campaign that can be finished in a couple of sittings makes it one of the weaker entries in the series. There is no reason to explore and collect in the many areas/lands unless you're seeking 100% I'd like to explore all the islands but the missions don't take you to more than 10 places, it feels like they added in so much just to say that the world is huge but there's no reason to explore"
,Recommended,311560,14832038,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Danvor,"Best Assassin's Creed IV Black flag standalone DLC.Seriosly though, there is nothing new, the game looks the same, feels the same. They didn't even bother changing fighting animations so fighting with a sword and dagger looks awkward as Shay uses dagger as Edward used a second sword. Lazy production, £40 quid is only worth if you are a big fan. Ubisoft seem to exploit us, as now I feel like I have to thank them for optimizing game well, which is their job anyway.I am dissapointed in Ubisoft. They tried new generation of consoles with AC Unity, but the fact that they were unable to produce a good quality game, but managed to get this one fairly OK, shows that they are not ready for next gen. They cannot handle it yet. After months AC Unity is still unplayable. AC Rogue is good enough though, for £20, not more."
,Recommended,311560,14840095,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Mr.Bigtime-81,What AC shoud be! buy it and have fun.
,Not Recommended,311560,20692537,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,CoreX64,"Your Epic Legendary Ship mission is super fyoucking stupid.Fyouck off Ubisoft, get this big NO."
76561198061050850,Not Recommended,311560,34388145,Posted: 20 August,all,Kopi.Imba,6 out of 10.Maybe I will write a detailed review later.
76561198398935094,Not Recommended,311560,35308118,Posted: 29 September,all,Hal2M,"Nice graphics, faulty fighting. Poor general design"
,Not Recommended,311560,35307036,Posted: 29 September,all,LukeY,No Ultra wide screen support.
,Not Recommended,311560,31813347,Posted: 17 May,all,Squashbuckler,"Standard fare from Assassins Creed. I have positively reviewed every game up to this point, but this instalment is more of the same and not in a good way. In my opinion, Rogue is an more of the same, and an un-needed addition to this franchise. This can effectively be skipped."
,Recommended,311560,15028777,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Darth Shintogod,game needs nvidia physic
,Recommended,311560,14889103,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Airden,░░░░░░░░░▄██████████▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█████████████████▄░░░░░░░░░░██▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀████████░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░░░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀███████░░░░░█▄▄██▄░░░▀█████▄░░▀██████░░░░░█▀███▄▀░░░▄██▄▄█▀░░░█████▄░░░░█░░▀▀█░░░░░▀▀░░░▀░░░██░░▀▄█░░░█░░░█░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░██░░░█░░█▄▄▄▄█▄▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▄█▄█░░░░█░░█▄▄▄▄▄▄░▀▄░░░░░░░░▄░▀█░░░░░█░█▄████▀██▄▀░░░░░░░█░▀▀░░░░░░░██▀░▄▄▄▄░░░▄▀░░░░▄▀█░░░░░░░░░░░█▄▀░░░░▀█▀█▀░▄▄▀░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░▄▄▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄██▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░█▄░░░░░░░░▄▄▀░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░▀▀▄░░░░▄▀▀░░░░░░░█▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░█▄░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▄░░█ █▀▀█ ▀▀█▀▀░░█▀▀█ █▀▀█ █▀▀▄█░█░█ █░░█ ░░█░░░░█▀▀▄ █▄▄█ █░░██░░▀█ █▄▄█ ░░█░░░░█▄▄█ █░░█ █▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198070944165,Not Recommended,311560,22896290,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cheapknight,"This game contains too much sailing which is becoming a bore after you have played blackflag, where is the gameplay on foot? I feel kinda millked cuz this game doesn't have anything new to add and it doesn't really make me want to play more of this game. I would say:boring, boring, boring..."
,Recommended,311560,14819555,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Acedew,Take all the good from AC3 & all the good from AC4 BlackFlag and this game is bornPros:Amazing GraphicsWell Optimized (to put into perspecitive AC4 i could run on medium/Low this i can run on max  [Geforce 760])Movement its more fulid than everCharacters are likeableIncludes Archilles and Adwale (AC3 AC4 respectivily)BoatzNice settings and enviroment designCons:I didn't get my copy of AC3Long Loading Times (from saved games)Occasonal infinate loading screen when returning from paused game
,Recommended,311560,26237567,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,YukimuraヾSam,"at first a bit lame, but then it will get you. just like Black Flag.The graphics are crap, but i got used to it pretty fast. beware of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FOV, there is no fix."
,Not Recommended,311560,23390662,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ashrazal,"What on earth has gaming come to?by holding w+shift i can essentially traverse ANYthing whatsoever with no single bit of effort on my part other than staring at a few animations. There is absolutely zero skill involved in getting around anymore, the combat requires a tiny bit of timing but that's essentially it.Why on earth this series still pretends to have ""stealth"" elements to it is entirely beyond me seeing as the mechanics for that are broken or useless since a few stabs to the face to the job just as well as spending 5 minutes of coutious timing and planning.The characters are dreadful. Nothing special, nothing interesting, i have honestly not a clue in whos mind this looked like a good game.But then again i should have listened when my ubi senses were tingling.... its the same garbage ubisoft throws out since years now and it only gets worse.AND THEN COME THE BUGS.Game crashes, freezes, guards turning into formless pixel monstrosities and fly directionless through the entire screen over and over again.TL;DR:Shallow, bland, and if you have more braincapacity than a potatoe, utterly boring.Screw ubisoft and screw that moneygrubbing attitude that ruins good game series.4/10 at max."
76561198032410709,Not Recommended,311560,15828773,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Eyepoke,"Heartbreaking.  Thats the word I would use.  I want to be a fan of AC games, I really do.  Its hard to deal with the frustration that comes with having to find tech support solutions for the games, they dont install well, they dont start well, and its really frustrating.The games are awesome, I enjoy the exploration and the visual aspects of the game, the story lines are very entertaining.Its just a shame that Rogue is such a p.i.t.a. to get up and running.It will NOT run unless its in offline mode.Cmon, Ubsioft.  Take some of the money we give you (50 bucks?  Really?  For a cut n paste copy of Black Flag?) and pay the coders enough so that we dont have to pull our hair out and shout curse words into the internet.In the immortal words of Fry from Futurama;""fix it fix it fix it fix it"""
,Recommended,311560,20552218,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Silenced,"the game is amazing definitely pick it up if you can.but if you are here for the same feeling as black flag, after all it uses the same engine, you wont get it here the game is fun its like black flag with 2 oceans and a MASSIVE area (new york) to explore6/10 get the game if you can, but on a deal"
76561198251515938,Not Recommended,311560,31265440,Posted: 20 April,all,taco_smasher_69,"love the series! this is a poor port. the graphics are limited to look the same as console capped at 60fps also for that reason alone I give it a thumbs down. the gameplay is fun yet repetitive, wish I could play it at 144fps"
,Not Recommended,311560,20992956,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Chelsea Ballamore,"http://fuzzywuff.com/a/pic/suckmydickubisoft.PNGUbisoft can go suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥if i had one.Buy the game, can't ♥♥♥♥ing play at all.Your ♥♥♥♥ing DRM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is the reason why people pirate your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft♥♥♥♥ you very much"
,Not Recommended,311560,24809514,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Boranzor Skin.Trade / / cs.money,Shuts off when I try to Start the Game I just get on where you move and Shut's off.
,Not Recommended,311560,23658021,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Big Fat ol' Kush Rod,"I usually like the Assassin's creed games but this one was just terrible. I was told that this was better than AC; 4 in everyway except story but that's just completely wrong, this is the worst AC i've played.Graphics: Looks worse than AC: 4, but still has some framerate problems, not too big of an issue. Buggy resolution settings is a huge problem though, 2560x1080p doesn't work right along with other unusual resolutions.Ac: 4 might not have the best graphics but at least it is vibrant and has color, Rogue has nulled colors and looks bland.Menu: Mouse hardly ever works, extremely buggy and annoying.Gameplay: Same as AC:4 pretty much. Ship combat is still pretty enjoyable.Overall: This is a skip for sure"
76561198303766273,Not Recommended,311560,29305989,Posted: 16 January,all,academykiddo,unnecessary! buy the black flag version. why was this even made? cashing in on the pirate theme/setting booty? is ubisoft the evil corporation we all fight against in the AC games? we shall never know.
,Not Recommended,311560,35396095,Posted: 1 October,all,Warxa,"The covers lied, Shay doesn't wear a hood."
76561197970510491,Not Recommended,311560,15210003,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Napkin,This game should have been labeled as Black Flag DLC not standalone.. sadly a very very short story and really not much new
76561198294638815,Not Recommended,311560,31182291,Posted: 16 April,all,Lex 47,"I give grade 6 for this game.Not very interesting.Short story, short game.I don't recommend this game cuz is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198061538671,Not Recommended,311560,25664306,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Inquisitor Suarez,"I actually bought this game on sale and was really excited for it, but immediately had to get a refund because I needed to use Uplay in order to even use it. What's the problem? Uplay wasnt working for 2 days straight and wasnt even able to even open the damn game. Ubisoft better get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together, cause I'd like to use alot of their products but can't cause of their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ software."
76561198076778961,Not Recommended,311560,23536090,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Porky,Cant even load.. so bad
76561198059846415,Not Recommended,311560,35022814,Posted: 17 September,all,Heliopetes,Disappointingly short storyline and the whole game seems a bit pointless.
76561198155451301,Not Recommended,311560,28241317,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,frikboy,"the uplay is rly bad, its grate game and i like it but uplay wtf ubisoft"
76561198143475325,Not Recommended,311560,16032600,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,jkristia,"I'm sure this game would be great, unfortunately I have not been able to play more than 2 - 10 minutes between crashes.I have opened a ticket with ubisoft, tried several different suggestions, none of which has fixed the crashing.I'm running on a i7@3.4Ghz, 12Gb Mem, GTX 660. I have multiple other games that runs just fine, but this one game just keeps crashing on me.If this is ever released for XBox One then I will definitely get it, but for PC I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,311560,16177663,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,billyfletcher1986,"After a much anticipated wait, and one download, I soon discovered that this game would not work on my computer, I tried running it with every type of graphics card at my dispoal....gave up and requested a refund....DON'T BUY ASSASSINS CREED TITLES ON PC....they are bettered suited to console gaming, a waste of time and money on a pc"
,Not Recommended,311560,15934999,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Nafti,"Not impressed, really.  The game was not properly optimized to play well, at least not with an AMD graphics card.  It crashed at least once an hour, sometimes 10 times in an hour.  The plot isn't fantastic, either.  AC4 had a very satisfying story, and I was constantly looking forward to finding out more, but Rogue just didn't have that for me.  The premise was great, and it looked like it was going to be fantastic, but they really didn't do a great job with it.  I did enjoy the new mechanics to ship warfare, but that does not justify buying the game, because all they did was adjust a few small things and add iceburgs.  If you want a solid game with a better story and exciting ship battles, stick with Black Flag.  The story in this game did not even touch half of the locations on the map, and the crafting plans for some of the upgrades call for animals I never even came across.  I ended up just buying the pelts in the store.  Whaling is exactly the same as Black Flag, except for chunks of ice that you might end up hitting.  All in all, I'd give it a 3/5, simply because Black Flag was twice as good in every respect that matters."
76561198141525648,Not Recommended,311560,17868333,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,gloop,tERRIBLE GAME
76561198087173017,Not Recommended,311560,28569348,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Phrodo,It's like Black Flag except it's not fun.
,Recommended,311560,14846030,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Daddy's Cummies,Skinned a bear alive. - 11/10
,Not Recommended,311560,28179186,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Roolic,"Worst AC I ever played: seems this one is just compiled from assets of AC3 and Black Flag for easy money. unpolished with a lot of glitches and half-localized (russian) years after release... and, yeah, AC traditional facepalmic plot. Why it's rated so high here?!"
,Not Recommended,311560,28921265,Posted: 1 January,all,Honey Badger,My game is sooooo♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g broken its funny. The screen tearing is a 10/10 and it takes more time to load then windows xpTHIS GAME DID NOT WORK FOR ME
76561197965265041,Not Recommended,311560,28415197,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Arass,does not work in many ways
76561197963379763,Not Recommended,311560,15717425,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,CogInTheMachine,"Udontplay strikes again.Bought the game, was really hyped, then i tried launching it, havent even gotten to see the Main menu. Why you ask? because ACC.exe HAS STOPPED WORKING. Yes ive tried troubleshooting it, tried all known hotfixes i could think of, including multiple reinstalls, Verifying game crashes, checking to see if software is interfering, or seeing if my drivers were out of date, after 2 days of ripping my hair out of my head, congratulations UPLAY, You win, i dont get to play, and you made $50.00 off me. Done with you."
,Not Recommended,311560,28994433,Posted: 3 January,all,Ritz42,cant skip credits/10
,Not Recommended,311560,34415066,Posted: 22 August,all,[ITA]Gerry Hunter,"How to make a new AC game and make the community love it :Step 1 : Open any old AC game folderStep 2 : CTRL + AStep 3 : CTRL + CStep 4 : Create a new folder called ""AC"" somethingStep 5 : CTRL + VStep 6 : Make adverts everywhere for the new exciting AC gameStep 7 : Sell it for 59.99$Step 8 : ProfitStep 9 : Next year start again from Step 1"
76561198092527692,Not Recommended,311560,28575091,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[TDH]lilconch,"waste of time and stole my money. great on xbox but its HORIBLE on pc. it wont even load up on my pc, all i get is my screen flickering and then when i try again to load the game i get a ""game already running"" notifacation and NO GAME. this was AFTER struggling with Uplay for two hours trying to deal with an error. NOT worth it and im furious this game was made public with such an annoying glitch. and on top of it, I CANT CONTACT SUPPORT!!!! i have to create an account to even try to talk to them. im sick of jumping through hoops. great game on console, its incredibly fun and i love sailing and singing the shanties as im a member of the sca, but this is absolute garbage and i shouldnt have to strugle and get frusterated with somthing that should be relaxing.in summary:get on console. avoid the pc version."
76561198268543700,Not Recommended,311560,28714442,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Soviet Chick,bad
,Not Recommended,311560,26346119,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,FoxGlove,Black flag 2.0
,Not Recommended,311560,31443560,Posted: 29 April,all,"Sion ""Raz"" Robert","""Hey honey what are you doing?""""I'm playing the sex mod in fallout 4 and elder scrolls, and I got Quiet naked with her stuff shaking and let Michael De Santa bang his daughter.""""Oh that's fine! You scared me, I thought you were playing Ubisoft and EA games.""I don't know if I will ever have a reason to buy any ubi's game again.REPETITIVE."
,Not Recommended,311560,29635798,Posted: 1 February,all,Josef Mengele,The ♥♥♥♥ing boats...No more sea...NO MORE!!
,Not Recommended,311560,26306628,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,WiseOldHooter,The game is just the same as black flag. Nothing more.
76561198012068809,Recommended,311560,14818883,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,ACE| The RedDragon |STK,"game is Beautiful in every way, voice got abit choppy 3 or 4 times, but great game, great character, great animation"
76561198026696690,Not Recommended,311560,14865930,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mr.Bree,"I know lots of people didint like Unity, and that Rogue supposably should be the ""better"" of the two. I just have to disagree, Unity was defenetly a better and more detailed game than this. Rogue dosent make me want to invest more in Assassins Creed. Even small things like how the exterior and the interior of the buildings dosent correspond really disappoints me.Having just played Unity I also feel the lack of customization. Like putting togeather different pieces of armor with different stats on, with individual looks and being able to choose what kind of weapon I want to use.Running and climbing animation feel inferior to Unity. And I feel very little incentive to do side objectives aside, both in reward and the fact that they lack story debth.It is, and feels like a game for console."
,Recommended,311560,14822698,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,DJ KhrysT Lords,Exactly what i was expecting! Realy we all the AC series games had been fun and adictive... i also own Unity and love both games the same despite the diferences... so that makes me discard all bad comments from Ubisoft Haters i will keep on going with this company content. Think most of the Cry Babies just complain out of nothing...KL
76561198176949919,Not Recommended,311560,24375089,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,GET R3KT,IT SUCKS
76561198273323851,Not Recommended,311560,28620010,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jack the Ranger,One of the Boredest assassin's creed.(Slightly better than blackflage.)
76561198130514535,Not Recommended,311560,27432401,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lebowski,♥♥♥♥ing UPLAY PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥I SWEAR TO GOD ILL FKIN MURDER THE MOTHERFUKER WHO INVENTED THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥THATS STOPS ME FROM PLAYING MY FCKIN GAMES
,Recommended,311560,14817837,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,AE86 TRUENO,"AC Rogue in a nutshell: Digital Deluxe=saves time (roughly) (Probably want to buy the Deluxe when on sale)10% Story 15% Side Missions 75% Collectibles and Quest ItemsThis game will have you fast travel, shift run, use animus travel speed, go into map and find co-ordinates for the Templar Relics A LOT and get tired from stalkers, snipers, gang members, french guards, restricted areas(Yes I went through all of this T_T)"
,Not Recommended,311560,15433095,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Anyaine,"I had never played this series before so don't know how this game is compared to others in the series.  But I think I should get my money back.  Parkour seemed fun at first, but it doesn't really rely on the player skills. Rather, the game does the job for you.  Also, the character movement (maybe this is a problem for the PC version, I don't know) is far from smooth/natural compared to other PC games I've played - unless this series does it on purpose like some non-action horror games do to frustrate the players. It made me feel sick looking at the movements.  I truly don't understand the hype.  To me, it's one of those games that make players at any skill level feel awesome while there is nothing so challenging about it - except the unnatural movements/commands.  I had a high expectation to begin with, perhaps.  But I was truly disappointed."
76561197970402711,Not Recommended,311560,35240422,Posted: 27 September,all,donniels,"cant play it, too many bugs and they wont get fixed appearently."
,Not Recommended,311560,26004354,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Deadshot Master,"Game crashes the first time, I get the Morrigan. In the storyline, as soon as you take control of the ship, the game crashes and throws you out into the desktop, with a ""ACC: ROGUE is not responding"" message. I am using windows 10. If developers ever read this, then please fix this. For me, it is currently unplayable. Therefore 0/10..."
,Not Recommended,311560,29780428,Posted: 8 February,all,Reb douyu.tv/reb,Worest assassin's creed ever♥♥♥♥ this gametotally not worth it
76561197970732917,Not Recommended,311560,15842244,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,kboy24,Won't play....acc.exe.stopped working.....NO HELP....FPS...Don't buy thru STEAM.....
,Not Recommended,311560,25430295,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,The most Glorious one,"In terms of gameplay, it's a rip-off of ACIV, srsly, and ACIII. But some activities are from the perspective of a Templar, which is refreshing.In terms of plotline, also refreshing, makes you feel sorry for Shay, the plotline is original and good, and do some justice to ACU which was released the same day.In terms of graphics, think of this as, a combination of ACIII graphics with ACIV gameplay."
76561198015663344,Not Recommended,311560,14913319,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Rabid0Rabbit,Game won't load past the opening logo splashes and support is non-existent. You're gambling with as is... As i understand it from time on their forums there are still similar issues with Unity that haven't been patched.
76561198095880140,Not Recommended,311560,22855625,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Atari_Lord,"don't buy, game won't let you skip the end credits"
76561198150554400,Not Recommended,311560,24563278,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Reaper,game is ♥♥♥♥ing boring ubisoft sucks♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,311560,35274270,Posted: 28 September,all,FOULSUII,cd-key?
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,311560,14871978,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,AlexMBrennan,"Game would be better if the developers would actually show the character more - e.g. save guy being hanged, game puts you in a fight vs 4 enemies underneath the gallows without you being able to see anything. In barfights, byestanders block meaning you can't even get close enough to the enemy to hurt them. In the first bossfight, the game shows the corner of the room making counters impossible.Basically, a shorter and less good Black Flag for people who desperately want more Black Flag"
,Not Recommended,311560,14883616,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,cheeseplant,♥♥♥♥ uplay
,Not Recommended,311560,14894181,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Neb,"Graphical it is terrible compare to Unity, The colors look washed out, the only AA is FXAA which is always terrible, the FOV outside the animus is extremely low and this cannot be changed, there is a 62 FPS cap making 144hz monitors useless and the animations are  very bad.To me this game feels very dated, and is a step backwards from unity in every way but bugs."
,Recommended,311560,14818124,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Flamerunner,best assassins creed game by far
,Recommended,311560,14819166,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,omeiran,Very nice game from Assassin's Creed familly
76561198036958934,Recommended,311560,14818398,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Kurizu,"Only about an hour in and I can already see that AC: Rogue is what Unity should have been. Ubisoft should have stuck with the Black Flag game model and just improved it, rather than overhauling the entire system as they did with Unity.Shot a guard in a watch tower with sleeping dart, guard fell to his death. 10/10."
,Recommended,311560,14819672,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Monkey D. Luffy,This is a good game. 10/10
76561197997559678,Not Recommended,311560,15122534,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Spaaarkz,pretty rubbish - nothing interesting or anything to hold your attention. I would not recommend this game.
76561198160811340,Not Recommended,311560,34034282,Posted: 5 August,all,noobs of ever,fuuuuuuuck this game is the worst
76561197974142306,Not Recommended,311560,14926507,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,HIERRO_01,no 4k support i see only a small screen of the game is 2015 ubisoft wake up i give you my hard earn money first unity now rogue what is wrong with your team
76561198148930216,Not Recommended,311560,28663625,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,S.O.G anti-sniper,♥♥♥♥ this shi dont by tratoris shi  u save slavers  and kill assass ins this dhi is fukt  this giy shud hav stop teh crupshin  not b a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trator♥♥♥♥♥ubsoft
76561197979109729,Not Recommended,311560,14950835,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,The Underdog,same old game
76561198137007847,Not Recommended,311560,28776198,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BGAM,"Why there're so many BUGs, umm? And, is this another BLACK FLAG??"
76561198136480857,Not Recommended,311560,23641836,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,SOION,Dis is literally the cancer of the earth5/7 perfect scorenothing worksh8 it m8
76561198129235464,Not Recommended,311560,35263728,Posted: 28 September,all,That One Guy,It makes you download some Uplay thing and then doesn't open unless you buy the game again through Uplay.
76561198111265296,Not Recommended,311560,34800911,Posted: 7 September,all,Stone Warrior,i quited and saved it and when i go on im back to when i finished
76561198141388174,Not Recommended,311560,25907667,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Junior,good game
,Not Recommended,311560,28727867,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Brascoboy,Steam I am quiting your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! I didn't play this game 3 hours and I demand a refund! I will change all myy reviews to negative on all the game in my library and I will campaign against you. I am glad you got hacked on christmas! this game is just DLC of blackflag and I want my money back!
,Not Recommended,311560,14827600,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,pietro_r,"i don''t knbow why i bough this, i already have black flag. and this is the same. i was hoping for something new."
,Not Recommended,311560,30547918,Posted: 16 March,all,Ernst Hot,UPlay. That's all you need to know.
,Not Recommended,311560,14823093,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bingo Truls,can't start the game
,Recommended,311560,14814902,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Pavel R,"Awesome game!Awesome game in Assassin's creed series, for me one of the best."
,Recommended,311560,30398409,Posted: 8 March,all,The Whistles Go,If you liked Black flag then you'll like this game to.however if you havent played black flag or any Assassin's creed games I recommend you start will the first game.Pros;Good graficssmooth transitions between animationscomfortable controlls (if you're used to playing AC style games)cons;VERY similar to black flag (at one point I forgot which one I was playing)as of yet I have seen no other major issues but I'll keep this updated
76561198055507956,Recommended,311560,30386275,Posted: 7 March,all,Lord Paullus of Paulland,"It's a shame that this game was overshadowed by Unity. It's definitely worth a playthrough if you're a fan of Assassin's Creed. The best way to describe how this game fits into this story would be like how Revelations was fit into Ezio's Story: It's a thing that's there and it's kind of nice to have but it doesn't have much pertinenece to the story as a whole.I like to say that while Unity got all the programmers, Rogue got the story writers.The gist of the story is that you're an assassin that went rogue and now fight for the Templars. Woo. Though the premise is simple the characters actually have more depth than a brick wall and it makes for some really interesting sequences. At some point in the game I was emotionally attached to a person I would eventually have to kill, and the dialogue really helped to drive those feelings.I do have to note though that all of the assassins are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to you even when you're on their side, and the first  friendly character in the entire game is the guy that recruits you to be a Templar.So the engine was beefed up a bit as the water actually ripples as things fall into it or whales breach the surface, and these ripples can be used to damage enemy ships. The addition of Icebergs gives more strategy to naval combat, but the higher success rate of pointing all your cannons at the enemy ship, kind of nulls that.Like most Assassin's Creed games, you are armed to the teeth  and there's more weapons than there are number buttons on the keyboard. Although I appreciate having variety, the pistols, sleep darts, berserker darts, and shrapnel gernades were more than enough to get through most obstacles.Something they added that I liked at first was a new enemy that would sneak around and try to kill you from stealth. Whispers creep in as you get closer to them, the whispers get louder. If you get too close they run up to you from across the map and almost kill you. So you stab them. And they die. and if you happened to get hit by them, you regen health immediately. Which is why this became more of an annoyance as the game went on. I caught myself just seeing what direction they were using eagle vision, took an educated guess on their position and avoided them. It's a good idea, but it definitely needs improvement so it isn't just annoying.It also has the usual collect all the goodies missions. I gave up on trying to 100% this game when I saw that there were 8 number of collectables: animus fragments, shanties, templar maps, templar artifacts that you find from the maps, letters, Viking swords, treasure chests, and prosperity. At some point I realized that I wasn't having fun collecting stuff and would rather be doing stuff that was more action packed.Overall, I had fun playing it. While AC4 was a pirate game with assassin elements this is definitely an Assassin Gae with Pirate elements. Definitely worth a look, but do remember that it does have its flaws."
76561198114776608,Recommended,311560,30383727,Posted: 7 March,all,buckman333,"If you like AC 4, you'll love this game.  The game play is very similar and enhanced to some extent...more shantis, ship upgrades, crafting, hunting, mini-games, etc.  But IMO the storyline is not nearly as intriguing, maybe it's just me and my interest in 18th century pirates.  But NE Canada and New York pre-revolutionary war just seems like a dull time and place in history for me.  But I have to emphasize...the gameplay and the character you play as, is exceptional.  If you're an assassin's creed fan, you have to play this game...it helps to play Assassin's creed 3 and 4 before you play this game."
76561198138156912,Recommended,311560,27512329,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Communist Catto,This game was stunning to play. Even though it was short it gave me a real feeling that no one is good or bad in this world. Most of the stuff is similar to Assassin's Creed IV and the soundtrack is absolutely great. Even after finishing the game there is a ton more things that you can do in the outside world. And naval battles are awesome. I think this game deserves an 8/10
76561198030856539,Recommended,311560,17244723,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,manumishra79,fun
76561197982814184,Recommended,311560,17969674,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,sacko,"finished the game and it was great, just starting to play again for the 2nd time and playing black flag at same time which is very much the same same sort of game which i like....got unity also which ive played afew hour of and its very diffrent again to the other two so cant wait to get stuck into that soon.Rogue to me is a follow on from blag flag which puts the wrongs in black flag right and then some, so give it a try its well worth the money now its dropped abit."
76561198080834139,Recommended,311560,18036278,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,♓️ℌ𝔢𝔱𝔠𝔥♓,Two Words:♥♥♥♥ing Amazing!
,Recommended,311560,17698766,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Lolrus,"Truly amazing compared to Unity. They really should've focused on this instead of Unity and added a hell of a lot more to the game, but hey, it's kept me occupied for almost 70 hours trying to 100% it (Howwever, many of those hours may have been me in the pause menu doing somerthing else as the in-game statistics say I've spent about 38 hours. I don't know way really. Anyway, it's good). Anyway, to the review.Gameplay: Almost identical to Black Flag except instead of being in the Caribbean you're in the North Atlantic and some place, I believe in Canada, known as River Valley. You're also are allowed to revisit New York from AC3 only it is a hell of alot more attractive and somewhat larger. This game is essentially AC3 and 4's love child. Some new features include being hunted by Assassins and being able to turn the hunter into the hunted by taking out the Assassins. You can also be borded yourself now by enemies, and you will be forced to defend your ship. They've also brought ziplines back, I don't remember if they were in AC4. There's also gases now which you can counter the effects of by equipping a gas mask (basically a bandana). There are some bugs, check the cons section for more info. Also, free running can be a bit of a pain like previous AC games.Graphics: The graphics are a bit dated but they are better than 3's and either a little worse than 4's or as good as 4's. There are also quite a few graphical options to tinker with. New animations seem a little clunky though, and a lot of animations are recycled from previous games. The game performs a lot more smoothly than Unity.Plot and protagonist (or I suppose in this case Anti-villian): This is seriously the most satisftying plot I have ever encountered in an AC4 game. The ending - my god the ending - is so damn awesome. The only problem is the story is very short - only six sequences, and if I recall correctly, sequence 5 is only 2 missions. D': Anyway, you are Shay Patrick Cormac (oh, and some unnamned guy/gal in the modern day), an Assassin turned Templar after he begins to doubt the Assassin order (or is it just Achilles brotherhood?) and their intentions. That's pretty much as far into the plot as I'm going to go in this review, however. Character's previously seen in the series include: Benjamin Franklin, George Washington (shortly), Achilles Davenport, Adewalé and Haytham Kenway. Most new character's are quite interesting even though they aren't on screen very long as the story is short. Shay is a fresh character, although a bit too selfless and doesn't seem to care much for himself (or perhaps his goals only seem selfless? Personally, I think his character was just made far too selfless) and he seems to have an obsession for the phrase, ""I make my own luck!"".  Just in case anyone's wondering where he came from, he came from Ireland, so I suppose this may explain his obsession with luck! (PLEASE DON'T HATE ME, THAT WAS A JOKE! D':)Music, sound effects and voice acting: Shanties are back! Weigh-hay and up she rises, Weigh-hay and up she rises, Weigh-hay and up she rises... right, yeah, sorry... Got a bit distracted there... Anyway, the music is mostly either recycled or a slightly altered version of a previous song from a previous games soundtrack. Still it's good quality and sounds good. The sounds are again mostly recycled but are good quality. The voice acting is for the most part quite good. Gist's american accent sounds far too exaggerated though (if that's the voice actors real voice... Well it's just so stereotypical!) and whenever you finish hunting any natuical creatures - whales, sharks, etc. - the crew yelling ""Yeah, All right!"" sounds really outdated and is awful quality. Other than that, it's pretty good.To sum it up:Pros:Familiar gameplay with new elements.Fresh, satisfying and interesting plot and protagonist.Lot's to do.Play's smoothly.A good comeback for the AC series, if only it was a main game that was focused on more.You're playing as a Templar! That's good in my book! I love 'em more than Assassin's! Sorry! In all seriousness, that offers another side to the story.Cons:Quite an awful lot of recycling, but it is in a big series of games that have been going for quite a while, so it's expectedWould like a few more new gameplay elements.Some, but very little, voice acting is shockingly bad, or at least of bad quality (Only really one line though, although it's repeated a fair bit).Short story.Almost a signature of the Assassin's Creed series; free-running can be a pain.Some bugs... I got stuck inside my god damn ship and died in the freezing Atlantic Ocean... Twice! Also, I once encountered floating weaponry fighting one of my crew members when bording a ship. By that, I mean, an enemy model was invisible.Some new animations are clunky looking.Verdict:8.5/10A real fresh comeback for the AC series which is actually fun and mostly plays well. Fun, character, fun gameplay, fun story. If you're a die hard AC fan - and if you like Templars more than Assassins (like me!)... You do NOT want to miss out on this!"
,Recommended,311560,17866042,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Pilkasis Vilkas,"A heartwarming story and a touchy one about an Irish assassin who turns into a templar once he learns how wicked the brotherhood really is.If you want a different AC storyline game, this is the one.It's well optimized and naval combat is alot better than in Black Flag.Shay Cormac is by far the most interesting character in AC series, after Ezio and Arno.Definetly buy this game if you love AC games! In fact it's better than Unity."
76561198153908601,Recommended,311560,17594989,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Tuddz,"Love the mechanics of the game and how the assassin's are also hunting you using the same tactics that you once used. The story I believe was really cool, but I think the pacing of the game made the story feel a little rushed through the whole thing."
76561198041708325,Recommended,311560,17924859,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Akiraspin,"8/10Positives:Great storyAwesome settings including the North Atlantic, The River Valley, and NEW FOOKING YORK BABYYYYYFantastic Protagonist (Seriously can't stress this enough, best character since Ezio, He makes his own ♥♥♥♥ing luck.)Interesting side-characters (except Gist, he has like 4 lines of dialogue, Anne Bonny still best first mate/quartermaster)Well written dialogue (for the most part, you will find the occasional cringeworthy pun or half-joke)Returning characters including Haytham Kenway, Achilles, Adewale, and George WashingtonHistorical characters like George Monroe, Lawrence Washington, Benjemin Franklin, and James Cook.Tie in to Unity (not spoiling this, since it's basically the finale of the game)AND ITS BUG FREE!! (Have yet to experience a single bug, other than one that ended up being an issue with Steam itself)Negatives:No multiplayer (Honestly not sure if this is a negative, but I can see why some people would miss it)Short campaign (about half as long as Black Flag, which isn't saying alot since Black Flag has lots of pointless missions)Customization somewhat lacking (When the hell are we going to get to dye our clothes again, like in Brotherhood?)Obnoxious Collectibles (Somewhat subverted due to the fact you can just buy hunting supplies at most in-game shops)Bounty Hunters on land are hella overpowered. You have been warned. DONT KILL INNOCENTSUnderwhelming Assassin hunting mechanics. (You basically use Eagle Vision to detect where the Assassins are, like in Multiplayer from older games, and intercept them before they assassinate either you, or their target. That's literally it.)"
,Recommended,311560,18271757,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Ryuk,Great game to give more back ground story to Assassins creed 3 and Shay. Assassins Creed Rogue does have its critics and haters will always hate no matter what Ubisoft comes up with. I love this game
,Recommended,311560,18301178,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Redeyes,If you liked all the sailing and ship stuff from black flag then this is a great aftermath game.
76561198039476851,Recommended,311560,18300855,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,...,...
76561198168866995,Recommended,311560,18159719,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Roman Legionary,"Great game! I don't understand all the mixed reviews on this game (not on steam). Great story for any AC fan, and bridges the gap between AC 3 and Black Flag. My only real 2 negatives would be the story is way too short, half of what a normal AC game is, and they didn't change enough of the naval combat from black flag. If your deciding whether to get this or Unity definetly buy this. Unity was by far the worst AC game."
76561198193721002,Recommended,311560,18230468,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,PUMA-X3,This game is very fun if you have played Assassin's Creed Black Flag then you should try this out.
76561198104077723,Recommended,311560,18322266,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,PESPERATION TING,"PC PERFORMANCEBy far the best optimized ASSASSINS CREED game, after the clusterf*** that was Unity and Blackflag (terrible ports)... screen tearing is here in the game and can be fixed by applying a triple buffer through the nvdia control panel. I prefer not to use the ingame Vsync because in creates MASSIVE!! input lag...GAMEPLAY/STORYGameplay is the same as blackflag .. not that much variation (not a bad thing)... the definitive AC experience per say.I didnt like how i spent most of the time on my ship travelling kinda got repetitive after awhileStory possibly the one of the strongest in the series... give it a shot :)"""
76561198237342440,Recommended,311560,17671353,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,cerebralmazes,"I have played almost every Assassin's Creed game, and this one has worked the best. I am so excited about it. I have been able to use the very highest graphic settings without compromising performance. The story is very interesting as well, and we get to see the other side (Templars). I love it and I definitely recommend it."
76561198039853786,Recommended,311560,17279391,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,👊HappyTbag👊,!SPOILERISH!The fact that you play as a templar makes this the best assassins creed game in my opinion.The story is goodThe graphics are greatAnd the gameplay mechanics are also pretty good10/10 in my opinion
,Recommended,311560,17806415,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,_NeverGrow,"Definitely the first AC storyline I've actually been intersted in since AC3. Different take on things and I liked seeing Shay's downward spiral, felt like story elements could have been a little more polished. Shay's rationale for becoming a templar wasn't the most believable, but it was fun."
76561198080367186,Recommended,311560,17745664,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,tta5,"a good game ,like ac 3 but better ,and like ac4 but set in more cold places .more of the same puzzles from but ac game mentioned (cave painting , totem pole thing ,fort conquest both types) .a good combo of the games ,but ... the plot is short ,though good ,links ac3,4 and unity in a good way . relys alot on you doing your own thing for the game to be good .it's more of the same with ac but i like that anyway"
,Recommended,311560,17650012,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,M.Stones,Very good game no frame issues that i can remember just a longer story would have been better :)
76561198169218242,Recommended,311560,17838885,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Nobikachu,"This is the best game I've have played in a while. Like you can pirate a ship, explore Island and of course Assassin people. Recommended by a friend about this game,  and it was money well spend!!!"
76561198009481875,Recommended,311560,17530631,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,johnnyB5,Loved this game. It's basically black flag but with next gen graphics. 27 hours played resulted in 58% complete and the main campaign complete.
,Recommended,311560,17365913,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,=T$PC= RASMKAY {T$Crew},"This game is for Assassins Creed 3 and 4 (Black Flag), what Revenge of the Sith (III) is for the Star Wars saga!It fills up alot of empty holes in the history between Connor (Assassins Creed 3) and Edward Kenway (Black Flag). If you are a fan of the Assassins Creed series and a lover of history, you will also get a funny relation with for example Benjamin Franklin, and a young George Washington. Im not done with story yet, but I can tell from my experiences, that It fill the gab between an already open world from Black Flag, chances for upgrading your ship, sailing around the North Atlantic, and take a trip around the stunning views around The Hudson River Valley.There is still some old bugs from AC Black Flag, but as the story continues, you will allow yourself to miss them and fulfill your dreams of being a pirate. But as such it could be a BIG, HUGE, ENORMOUS DLC for Assassins Creed 4.BUT, this time we aren't going to miss The Dark Side of the force, as we step into the shoes of an assassins turning against The Brotherhood!DO NOT MISS THIS! ITS A SPECIAL ONE."
76561198041100982,Recommended,311560,16433340,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sgt. Thundercok,They have almost perfected the gameplay for PC.Great additions.Back to the game.
76561198050414037,Recommended,311560,16558062,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,NamNam,"If you like Assassin's Creed IV, you're gonna love this game."
,Recommended,311560,16454634,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Khalid,Shay is the next best thing since sliced bread and toasted cheese sandwiches.
76561198080823841,Recommended,311560,16545150,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Zerestia,One of the best Assassin's Creed franchise.9.5/10 Awesome!
,Recommended,311560,16286207,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Some Newb,"The dialouge is terrible. It will make you cringe.That said, everything else is fantastic. Every bad thing about Blag Flag got fixed, and most good things got improved."
76561198111870984,Recommended,311560,16389542,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Strealm,Awesome game. Very close to Black Flag but the play time is short it seems and there is no multi player.
,Recommended,311560,16882790,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,NakedSpaceMan,"Why was this not the yearly main release?So if I didn't have the UPlay version of Unity, I'd go on to talk about my review of Unity. About how while I applaude them making the parkour much better, especially for PC, it's performance is terrible and requires a rig that only the tiny minority will actually have. Plus it isn't that good of a story to begin with.This game is different though. It's treated as a side story. Something that is unimportant to the main storyline, something more for the diehard Assassins Creed fans, or at least the ones that didn't want to buy a new console. But the story is really good, much better than it's Unity brother. The main character's story is much more interesting. Seeing the Templar side of the story made me actually sit back and question the overall question that Assassins Creed as a whole asks. ""Is it better to have peace through freedom or through control?""Before playing this game I was firm in thinking that the Templars are wrong and that they are bad and evil. But then I played this game to see the otherside of the fense. While the thought of giving up freedom is something that we as humans fundimentally are against, the cost of having said freedom often leads to outcomes that aren't necessarily for the benefit of everyone as a whole. I often questioned whether or not the Templars maybe be in the right. Afterall we all willingly give up some freedoms that we as humas can do with laws. We give up physical freedoms with rules that we have implimented for the benefit of us all.Of course what's most important is the gameplay, not the philosophical aspects of it. Basically saying, if you liked Assassins Creed IV's gameplay, you're going to enjoy this game greatly. Sea chanties, slowly pased options to finish levels without alerting anyone, AI that isn't terrible in comparison to Unity. It has everything to love. Although I do have to say the whole Abstergo Entertainment portions of the game are the weakest parts again. It's cool if you're into the lore of the Assassins Creed universe, for most it's just a waste of time.So all in all is this game worth buying? Well that's up to you. Unfortunately it does follow the curse of the yearly franchise. Not much changes but it's still a good game. If you've not played Black Flag definitely play this game. It's got the best story tie ins in all of the Assassins Creed games, intertwining with Assassins Creed 3, 4, and Unity in a VERY fantastic way."
76561198097069260,Recommended,311560,18372313,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,MrMcJuggy,good game very happy with it have no problems with it.
76561198133893973,Not Recommended,311560,19414446,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,OdInIsGoD,"I hope the creator will see this review i write. why do you need to put all those bloody stalker in this game? they are irritating and really WAY TOO MUCH. let me give a an example. i just wanted to do some shopping (due to your idea of not putting enough shop in this game) i went down to nyc, and guess what? i was stalk by a bunch of stalker ♥♥♥♥♥! what for? ALL i just wanted WAS to buy a stupid item and they just come out of no where and attack me. so what even if i kill them? they will come even more! its feel like a copy and paste lazy game play♥♥♥♥♥♥ please stop all these stalker nonsense! one or two is ok but look at that! there are abunch of army my god! the best part is when i finally reached the door of the shop, your stalking ♥♥♥♥♥ attacked me, so i counter and kill her, then guess what! all the soldiers got alerted! ITS DAMN BLOODY STUPID! WHY CANT I JUST GO TO THE SHOP AND BUY THINGS! I PAID GOOD MONEY TO GO TO YOUR STUPID SHOP TO BUY ITEM WHY YOU SEND SO MANY DAMN PERVERT STALKERS AND ARMY TO♥♥♥♥♥♥ME!? I AM REALLY DISAPPOINTED!"
,Recommended,311560,19477907,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Bisayang Buhawi,"I see Templars, I kill them. I see Assassins, I kill them. I thought there was an haystack, got myself killed.One of the best AC games ever.10/10"
,Recommended,311560,19529297,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,BoJack,"I absolutely love this game. I just completed the main story, and it really is fantastic, far better than ACIII and depending on your opinion better than ACIV. The game's decision to have you play as a Templar makes it one of the most interesting AC games to date.The gameply itself is just a reskinned Black Flag, which is fine, because Black Flag was solid in that respect.The music is awesome, and is slightly remniscient of the Ezio trilogy.The locations are interesting, and one of the main cities even brings back territories to take over, similar to Revelations.Another interesting part of the game is how it ties together ACIII, ACIV, and even a little bit of Unity, although I thankfully haven't had to experience that mess yet.All in all, definitely worth the $30 it's asking for at the time of this review, and definitely worth the $9 I payed for it on sale. If you are a fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise, this installment will exceed your expectations."
,Recommended,311560,19561716,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Sadaharu #28,The most from-assassin-to-templar badass character i´ve ever played.10/10
,Recommended,311560,19556621,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Robert Mueller,"Nice ships. Get rid of that whole ""Assassin's Creed"" crap in the future, though."
,Recommended,311560,20133871,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,RavinJC,In the second level you can backstab a whole ship crew without any of them noticing.11/10 would be invisible again
76561198242251800,Recommended,311560,20170574,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,muv_,great game.well written storylinewould be better if the storyline was longer
76561198049699422,Recommended,311560,20174986,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ayrton Neff,"This game, while quite short in the story sequences, has one of the best storylines of the recent releases in the series. The best part of the writing in this game is how you are slowly turned into a templar through slowly seeing the assassin's as a criminal entity. Gameplay is mostly the same as Black Flag, with some slightly new weapons and mechanics. Overall a good game to get on sale."
,Recommended,311560,20179417,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,rindragon,
,Recommended,311560,20109357,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,jetmysterydino,Really Good game! Not completed it yet but my favorite Memory is Kyrie eleison
76561198038059436,Recommended,311560,20098984,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SexyMcdass,"I enyojed playing this alot more than AC Unity.It's like AC 4 Black Flag in a lot of ways and they managed to keep the fun aspects from it.If you start a new game then you can't buy certain items or start some of the side quests, but they are still there in the shops/map Instead of popping up overtime as you progress. when you try to buy something that you can't it just says that you haven't gotten far enough in the games story.It's a shame that Unity's bad rep at launch dragged this game down with it."
76561198025598976,Recommended,311560,20098677,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,dsnerdking,so my expectations for this game were; oow! more black flag! and you get to play as a Templar? sweet. finishing this game i would say i was right but there is so much more to it then that.Boring stuff out of the way it plays like black flag mechanically. as that i have just beaten syndicate (also beat unity last year) in comparison to that game i would say that it Handel like an old sports car. there inst any traction control abs or paddle shifters. this means for the most part your character goes where you tell him to go even if that's off a cliff. unity and syndicate have all the modern conveniences of a new car; a much smoother ride although sometimes the computer has thoughts of its own. graphics are black flag. my 970 spit out 60 fps with vsync turned on and all graphics cranked no drops in performance. if you have a half way decent card no worries. sound track is black flag.boring stuff out of the way and we are on to story. the story by its self was compelling. Shey is a relatable character and you definitely care about the characters by the end. there is an over world like in black flag with its own charecters and plot. script was good set pieces were good voice acting was good bla bla bla. the exciting part is it beautifully pulls together assassins creed 3 4 and unity in a marvelous way by the end. no spoilers. if you have played all three of those games and then moved on to unity and syndicate and felt jostled or like you missed the jump that's because you didn't play this game. really i cant stress how cool it was to see the missing link here. i really don't want to spoil anything so i'm going to move to closing.this game marks the end of in my opinion the second trilogy of assassins creed. hear my out. this is the last of the last gen assassins creed games and it really feels that way. you have assassins creed 1 which was a proof of concept and kind of a stepping stone to get away from the prince of Persia. the ezio trilogy self explanatory. then came 3. where 1 and 2 drooped you in a city that you got to explore through out the game (or 1 of like 3 major cities) 3 introduced a more open platform. they gave you some land to traverse. it really made you feel like the journey was more important then the destination. black flag definitely followed suit on that. it was all about exploring islands and sailing on your bad♥♥♥♥♥boat and being a pirate. rouge as i have said is more black flag and there you have it. the second trilogy. to bring it home rouge is a more mature black flag. they fixed the awful tailing missions and really focused more on narrative then the characters. it marks a clear end of an era and syndicate and unity start a new one. we probably wont ever get another game like black flag or rouge and that's OK. we have gone back to 1 big open city and that's fine.  rouge doesn't make you feel sad to see it go. you feel a sense of closure. a sense of fulfillment. like saying goodbye to an old friend. i really liked this game and i really recommend it to any fan of the series.
,Recommended,311560,20075078,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,준기,I don't care what others say about this game or whether they dislike Uplay or not...I'm just here for the freaking game and I'm totally in love with it! Can't believe I played 8hrs in 1 day with this game! The story is what that really captures me and it would to you if you are a true Assassin's Creed series fan like I am. The story lies between AC3 and Unity and you will be in for a treat I promise :)
76561197970414679,Recommended,311560,20303201,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,WJAS,"Continues the tale of MY favorite AC~ Black Flag IVHaven't really bothered w/ rogue ~ but ~ it seems like a core down versionw/ 1 of the best storylines 2 date& a honorable mention to etienne's for their review (56 % rank ~ sigh)""When taking off the rose-tinted glasses of how much this game was a success was from the shadow of Unity (basically, this game actually worked whereas Unity didn't), what we're left with is a game that, though it plays decent, fails in the sense of story. It added many new weapons from its predecessor (Black Flag), though the only one which was actually really *new* was the grenades, and added an admittedly interesting gas mechanic to the game. It also was much more filled and felt significantly less grindy than Black Flag; these were all great improvements to the series from the previous title, but unfortunately, these are the only positive things I can say about this game. What this game made up for in being playable, it lost in a dissapointing lack of charm.**The remainder of this review contains massive spoilers, referrencing the end of the game**Either due to false marketing on the community's behalf or on Ubisoft, we're lead to believe that the main character, Shay, is the victim of a massive betrayal and seeks revenge against the brotherhood. This story sounded interesting, and for many of us, it was the first time we'd see the story from a Templar's point of view. Or at least, that's what I expected, but not what I recieved. Shay was never the victim of a betrayal, but rather the victim of a mistake in which no one was guilty. Rather than confront his Mentor about what he witnessed, which would be the logical thing to do, Shay gets unrealistically emotional about the situation and blames everything on his Mentor. He then consciously decides to betray his brotherhood, and is retaliated against accordingly.What follows isn't a story of revenge against the backstabbing brotherhood, but rather a convoluted scheme to stop a man who ends up listening to his own conscience in the end anyways, rendering Shay's entire mission completely pointless. He decides, for no other reason than one of the British officers was nice to him while he was injured, to help his hated rivals, the Templars, and eventually join their Order and assist the British in winning the Seven Years War.My biggest complain about this game is that under no point of this game do you ever see the positives in joining the Templar Order. The Templars were never painted as the good guys, rather the game regularly reminds you that they are the bad guys, and the reasons for Shay's complete dedication toward the Order seems to entirely ignore his high moral stance which directed him to betray the Assassins. There never seems to be a point, other than the rosey tone of a single man who dies before Shay even makes the decision to join the Templars, where I (the player) feel like I should actually want to be a Templar.As if the feeling of ""why on Earth am I killing the good guys?"" wasn't enough to make the game feel horrible, the ending seals this game as completely unnecessary and makes no sense. I'm not referring to the mission in Versailles (though the mission itself feels like an unnecessary and shoe-horned-in shameless advertisement for Unity), but rather the Naval Missions. I was quite confused while trying to complete the Naval Missions (which must be completed if you are to unlock much of the best stuff in the game) in that they no longer let you complete them until you ""progress further into the story."" This was right before the last mission of the game.In case that wasn't clear, let me restate this: The final 5 Naval Missions, which are required for completion and for unlocking some of the best gear in the game, doesn't get unlocked until you've COMPLETED the game. Why? Were the developers afriad that I'd be cheating with Altïar's Swords on a mission which doesn't even let you use anything other than your Hidden Blades? Why was this required? So that people would be forced to play hours more of the game after they already completed the story? Who thought this was a good idea??Overall, I think the game is fine. I never felt like I was doing the right thing, but so what? Plenty of games let you play as the bad guy (though they usually leave out the high sense of morality that constantly reminds you that what you did was morally sketchy and highlights that you're actually the bad guy in this game). The Naval Missions is a cheap and pathetic move on the fault of the developers, but hey, **at least the game plays on PC, Montreal!!**. But would I recommend it, though? No. It doesn't add much from Black Flag, and unlike this game, Black Flag had characters I actually could **care** about. I couldn't have cared less if the characters died; the fact that two of them were Haythem Kenway and Achilles Davenport defeated the possibility of that happening anyways. Comparing that to Black Flag, or more accurately Black Beard, it was geniunely disastrous watching Edward Thatch die. We had actually come to care about him and his death was genuinely devastating. In AC: Rogue, however, none of the characters invoke that amount of compassion. None of the characters seemed to have any real life. When they died, it was difficult to really think anything of it.This game is fine, but you'd be better off playing Black Flag. """
,Recommended,311560,20307044,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Injection101,"Let's start with probably the most important thing: This is for all intents and purposes an amalgamation of past AC games. It uses the sailing mechanics of Black Flag with some of the places, characters and climbing of AC3. That said, it is perhaps the best parts of each of them.The only problem was that it was too short, only 6 sequences. It felt much more like a place-holder or an explanation of the intervening years, than a full entry. Before I knew it, I had already accidentally finished most of the side missions and made it through the story.The main character is interesting though and it's clear why he does the things he does, but the problem isn't with Shay. You never have to ask why he turns against the Assassins, but you will wonder why the Brotherhood is doing what it is that makes him leave. And the Templars don't have any better motivation in their grand plan other than just combating the efforts of the Assassins.The modern day storyline is similar to Black Flag in that you play as another nameless, faceless Abstergo Entertainment employee who gets to go around providing IT support for coworkers while they're away from their desks. Every now and then you're pulled back to modern day to run an errand and find some misplaced iPads and then you get to go back to Shay. Sadly, Abstergo has gotten better at covering up their dirty laundry and the only information you get from hacking computers is about the people you're working with and the upcoming projects that Abstergo/Ubisoft have in the works. Maybe some day they'll actually make good on their teasing for a full-fledged Assassin's Creed entry set in China or Japan or India."
,Not Recommended,311560,20339873,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,🆑🅾️⛎✝️  🅱️♉,"When i went to play, it looked like it was working, but when i went to go walk with WASD. It crashed and said ACC.exe Failure. Can i PLZ have a refund."
76561198009061800,Recommended,311560,20078855,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kickass,"Has the same 'semi-linear sandbox of bits' feel as the other AC games but the ship combat is simply not fun. I really hate having to grind through all of the ship combat just to get from A to B.I was relieved to arrive in New York and put all that identikit island grinding  behind me but no sooner had I landed then it became clear that most of New York is effectively level-gated and there is no way to earn the requisite powerup without progresssing the main plot.No surprise then that as soon as you land in New York you are whisked off to travel around the same set of identical islands again. Jeeeez.The naval battles pass the time but it remains a massive chore just to travel around the oceans, all those settlements look identical. A journey inland doesn't help and the natural environment is irritatingly inconsistent compared to the towns (can I climb a 100 ft sheer cliff face? yes, as long as there are white marks on the rock. Can I climb a boulder as high as my shoulder? No! That's a natural obstacle.)  The islands are not free-roam paradises, the islands and settlements are simple mazes with one of two fixed routes through them. It's galling that the series still does this with everything outside cities.The NPCs also fare worse than preceeding installments with Benjamin Franklin somehow assuming a prime role yet doing absolutely nothing of value and voice-acted as an irritatingly bumbling fool. If I could I would stab him myself.  The rest of the cast are unfortunately an array of cardboard cutout villians with ""good sides"" that our hero finds out about.The plot is even worse than AC 3 with a meandering campaign chasing after artifacts that no-one seems to know about and pitched so badly that the player is inclined to skip cutscenes. Compared to Unity and to a lesser extent, Syndicate, this really is terrible waffle and unfortunately you are made to spend too much time listening to it. There are numerous points when you are made to get out of the Animus and carry key A to room A and key B to room B on some pretext of fixing a corrupted computer system.Buy when on sale, avoid otherwise. New York is fun, the main plot is poor."
,Recommended,311560,20159120,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,nubbinsworth,"This game is very similar to Black Flag, so much so that this could be considered a very large expansion to its predecessor. If you were a fan of AC 4, I would certainly recommend playing this. Wait until it goes on sale, though."
,Recommended,311560,20160656,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Drokash,"Assassin's Creed Rogue launched on last gen consoles (Xbox 360 and PS3) alongside Assassin's Creed Unity (For the Next Gen consoles) and while Unity took all of the fame and glory, being a next gen title. The masterpiece, Rogue was left in the shadows. This game is AMAZING. It's as fantastic as Assassin's Creed 4 (No doubt because it has the fantastic sailing mechanic, alongside many of AC4's mechanics). The protagonist is interesting, so are the other characters. Even for a last gen game, it's still pretty and the performance is great (I've encountered a good solid framerate, only sharply dropping once or twice for me for no more then a few seconds). What dissapoints me is that this game was left behind and not focused on, while Unity, a buggy, poor mess got all of the attention.As per usual for Ubisoft games though, it's got that annoying Uplay stuff which is utterly annoying. Ubisoft really should scrap it. Still, it doesn't affect the game as much once it's initially launched.As someone who's played all of the Assassin's Creed games, Rogue stands strong as one of my favorite games in the series (Very slightly behind AC4: Black Flag) and I strongly recommend that anyone who enjoyed any of the Assassin's Creed games should get it."
,Recommended,311560,20165535,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Shroom,All of the Assassin`s Creed games are awesome. I just wish the story mode was longer.
76561198008160341,Recommended,311560,20209203,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kilaz,kinnda short but fun good story fills in the blanks leading up to unity if you liked black flag you will love thid
,Recommended,311560,20234876,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BlueLinks,Runs better than Black Flag (and looks just as pretty) and has an amazing setting combining III & IV. Gameplay is practically the same as IV)
,Recommended,311560,20205131,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,『The OG Mongoloid』,"The main character really wants you to know that he makes his own luck, for real, he really doesn't shut up about it. Fun game though, 10/10 would play because i have no friends to play csgo with."
,Recommended,311560,20072078,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lil Glocka csgolive.com,"Got Money?  Fan Of The Assassin community ? Want a good game?  Assassin’s Creed Rogue is here you like assassins creed 3 and 4? This is your game, with the  Improved parkour and Very good story  Better than the Unity or what ever its called [I've have played it] and i think Rogue is way better than Unity [Unity 4/10] - [Rogue 9/10] Believe me Its good."
76561198058885456,Not Recommended,311560,20341581,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Fixerman,I found this game to be highly unstable. When I go to launch it I see the theme screen come up momentarily and then flickers and then goes back to the original start up tab or either the desktop icon.
,Recommended,311560,17653867,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Scratch,"Assassin's Creed Rogue is one of the best games I've had. It has the intrigue in all the historical chapters, and Naval Fleets galore. It has cannons,motars,carbines,pistols,swords,nades,knives,poison darts,maps,relics,and so many collectibles.The graphic nature of the townships and citizens will have you hooked on the game in a minute. The action sequences are so well rounded reaction time isn't as limited as some faster paced scenarios in some other games.When the newest Assassin's Creed ""Syndicate"" is released I recommend it, and this one too."
76561198145303366,Recommended,311560,16901664,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Juni0rM,"Mais um titulo do Assassin's Creed que vale jogar. Com uma pequena mudança de papeis, você agora vai caçar seus antigos irmãos de facção e provar que você realmente é um assassino caçando outros assassinos. Um otimo jogo, muito boa interface e jogabilidade. Muitas aventuras, tesouros, e assassinatos em stealth.Recomendo a todos.===================================================================================================================================================Another title Assassin's Creed worth playing. With a small change roles, you will now hunt his former faction brothers and prove that you really are a killer hunting other killers. A great game, very good interface and gameplay. Many adventures, treasures, and murders in stealth.I recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,311560,16474003,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jssrfx,"Let's get the technical stuff out of the way first. This game is excellently optimized. I'm running it in 1920x1080 on a Core2Quad Q9400 @ 2.66 GHZ, 8 GB RAM and a GeForce GTX 650 1GB, and except for some of the post processing options (e.g. volumetric fog) turned off, everything is on high or normal and the game looks fantastic. Steady frame rates throughout, whether on land or at sea. A little frame drop happens after some bigger ship battles when a lot of smoke and fire have to be rendered during boarding operations, but it's still perfectly playable at that point. A slight sluggishness feeling is the best way to describe it. You could try and tweak overall performance by lowering the resolution a little and then potentially add more effects to see how far you can push it, but that's personal preference. The game looks great regardless.Great jobUbisoft! I was actually very pleasantly surprised.The controls are all fully re-mappable as well; both on foot and for ship controls, so you can choose whatever you like at your heart's content. Considering this isn't an option at all in ""Assassin's Creed Chronicles: China"" at all, to me, that's a great plus.Storywise I can't really say too much just yet, I've only scratched the surface (will update this review when I know more), but so far it's fun and the scenery is actually really, really beautiful. I suppose you could just blast through the storyline, but I actually enjoy just roaming around a little, procuring some resources for crafting and generally checking out the area.Bottom line: Whether you're an AC veteran like myself and enjoyed the entire franchise so far, or whether you're new to the Assassin's Creed games, this is one of the best installments of series, and if you want to give any game of the franchise a go without being too picky to play them in order (important plot elements from past games are explained well enough for you not to miss out all too much), I would either go with this, or with Assassin's Creed II.Edit, July 5th, 2015:Having played this now for some time, I can definitely say this is as much fun as Black Flag. It's a bit more of a ""civilized"" and ""tactical"" warfare than the random privateering you get in Black Flag, but it's definitely worth it. I'd probably call Black Flag ""GTA IV"" where Rogue would be ""Watch_Dogs"". Don't let that comparison frighten you though (if you don't like either or one of the comparisons). It's a great game, you can manage a fleet, resources, follow the much more on-track mission, or just free-roam for as long as you like. You definitely want to grab another hide for that pouch you always wanted. Despite the role change, Shay does grow on you, and the added possible attacks by your former brethren at any turn, definitely are a nice touch.Great game. I stand by it."
,Recommended,311560,16902582,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,m4rgin4l,"AC:Rogue is a refinement of the mechanics introduced in AC:Black Flag. Everything is pretty much the same, including a forgettable story, but it is technically solid (and that is a lot for a Ubisoft game). If you like the series, you're going to like this one."
76561198073341193,Recommended,311560,16236120,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,fearenough,"So radion r9 200 series, everything on ultra, same with unity and the game runs perfectly.. but then i do enough mission quests and i get sucked out to the abstergo office ( ugh ) and then its like someone disconnected my video card, it just dies, works fine if i get to a cinimatic, but it will literallty have a frozen screen for 2-5 mins before letting me move a little more, really frustrating.... is there a fix or some settitng i can turn waaayy down to make the office a lag free one ?? same happens2 me but even when running on normal settings turn down res fixes but sad they dont fix ac is getting worse 2 run on pc with every newer ac that comes out but only ac other ubsoft game seem aright  and all other games. other wise i think it a  good game sim to black flag witch i like"
76561198073880098,Recommended,311560,15280420,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Bobinalong,"The game itself was awesome, the story was exciting and interesting kept me wanting to come back to it. The combat felt good, both the melee and the boat types. An odd thing to complain about, but the end credits. 10 minutes of my life waiting while they list every single person in every company who had any part at all in making the game/making the sandwhiches for the people who made the game among other things. Sure you can just leave it to run and go get a drink or something, but hidden there in the middle is a cutscene. After that is just more and more names so feel free to leave it to run"
,Recommended,311560,14996429,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,TheChobe,Classic AC Gameplay. It's better than Unity.
76561198052631356,Recommended,311560,16071049,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,hisakix,"Rogue is very similar to the excellent Black Flag. However, it does not bring much new to the table and personally I preferred the tropical setting of the Caribbean. I have been a long time AC fan and a player of all the Ubisoft open world titles. Some of their tried and true mechanics (towers, chases, contracts, etc) are starting to get old. It is definitely not worth it at full price, but it is a fun distraction if found on sale."
76561198085364143,Recommended,311560,16098270,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Rin' Xavier,"A++, its more of black flag. If you did not like BF you will not like this. If you enjoyed BF, you will enjoy this. Quests with lots of side bits to go and find and do. Including upgrading your ship. Its clear its a  console port, but it still looks pretty good with everything turned up to the max."
76561198111638509,Recommended,311560,15869835,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,walrus1001,"WOW!    If Assassins creed 4, Unity, and 3 had a baby this would be it.Best Assassins Creed Game I have Ever Played!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197990900648,Recommended,311560,15818738,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,things4fun,"Fun, but just an extension of black flag.  Game play was almost the same.  Finished it in much less time though."
,Recommended,311560,15100746,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Aizen-sempai,"An awesome game, including the storyline. If you loved black flag you'll definitely love rouge. Play it !!! Its worth it !!!"
76561198129205399,Recommended,311560,15113448,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ThunderBeast619,"This is my review on assassins creed rogueIf you want to buy this game then I recomend you do because I have been playing this since the realease and I have been loving it.Story:The story is good but is short for other assassins creed games with a total of 6 sequences but the majority of missions are good quality and solid. The character Shay Cormack was an assassin with high expectations and was sent on an inportant mission that goes horribly wrong leading to a chain of events that put Shay into the templar order.But the doesnt make him a ruthless killer as through the story he hasnt got any full aligences with the templars e.g when you are sent to kill a friend from the assassins Shay will be all I dont know if I can do this (spoiler: he does) and he says it didnt have to be this way.Overall Shay Is a great charecter and only die hard assassins creed fans will hate him only because he is just a templar.Gameplay:If you liked black flag you will love this game. The naval combat is back with a few tweeks like leaving a trail of burning oil on water, rapid fire swivels (now called puckle guns but dont worry they still sweetspot) and a more offensive front weapon called carronades.Their is one problem I have now this could just be my computor but when boarding a man oh war or frigate I get quite a frame drop which can be a bit annoying but it could just be me :DThe combat is the same as black flag, nuff saidOvarall good controls and if you think the naval combat controls are terrible your just bad at the naval combat. B)Content: This game has a okay ammount of enjoyable content and you will get rewarded as most stuff can get you a really good outfit or weapon OR ship decorations.Ovarall good ammount of content p.s I didnt want to spoil the types of side missions there are just so you get more excited. :)Verdict:Pros: Good story, Great Protagonist and Quality contentCons: Short story, Frame rate drops while boarding a ship and NO LEGACY OUTFITS PLS MAKE THEM AVAILABLE FOR UK AND OTHER PLACES THAT DONT HAVE THEM, thank you :)Ovarall: 8.5/10If you want ubisoft to get to work on the legacy outs fits error please retweet this disscussion to themhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/311560/discussions/0/617330406664648098/"
76561198062521154,Recommended,311560,15116200,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,TxC Carbinezz,Such a brilliant port and game.
76561198006594507,Not Recommended,311560,22156307,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Thorgen,"I have been a fan of most of the series for a long time now.  This is by far the worst creed game yet, and it isn't because the content is lacking.  The game is full of constant bugs that just crap all over the immersion.  Like 2 shopkeepers spawning on top of each other, or having certain main quest characters that you have to kill bug out and freeze frame in place.  I have had menus bug out and crash for no reason as well.  Hell the only reason I wrote this review is because I just completed the hare hunting quest and as the achievement popped up in my face it insto crashed to my desktop so ya......The game is very buggy, which is pathetic considering how long ago it was released."
,Not Recommended,311560,22117851,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,m.one,crashed on startup every time I tried to play
,Recommended,311560,22232527,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Xerubium,"Another assassin's creed series, thumb up, yet 7 out of 10 only.The plot seems ok to me. An assassin question the creed's cause after the massacre caused by attemping search for pieces of eden, and finally become anti-assassin.But the details, well, I don't know it is careless or the plot is written by different group of people, some of them seems mismatch with previous sequel.1. Master Franklin, Master CormacWhen first see a templar call Franklin as Master Franklin, ""What? Franklin is a templar? Then why Haythem did not know him or vice versa?"". And when Munro call Shay as Master Cormac, I am speechless. It seems templars calling anyone respectable as master in this sequel while this did not appear in previous sequel, not mentioning how weird would the person not templars feel while being called Master.2. Killing civiliansGenerally, assassins don't kill innocents, so do some templars like Haythem and Shay. Throught out the series desynchronisation would be engaged if you killed 2-3 civilians. However in this sequel, despite the warning ""This ancestor don't kill civilians or domestic animals"", nothing happened.GameplayWhen I reach sequence 3, I am so happy the renovation system is back! Generally the gameplay seems like a well mixture of revelation, blackflag and unity, except too much collectibles. The freerunning puzzles for pillar and templar map are good, while the other seems like the same of just dfferent set.And bugs, yeah, annoying bugs, so do glitches:1. Why the hell would I fall while climbing the second level on a tree? This tree is just the same with others!Also appear in little building. Well inherited from AC: Unity lol.2. How fascinating the camera is buried into objects, in the scene after upgrading ship or Eagle Sensed Templar Cross!3. Graphic glitches too often, hover over ground, fingers nailed into wood or stone during climbing or grabing somthing. It looks like Ubisoft applied Blackflag's motion data while it is not calibrated with new character model.4. Another bug inherited from previous sequel. Unexpected interruption of motions/skillsSome motion or skills would be disrupted by high profile movement like climbing and falling. Players will understand that, of course you can't change bullet while climbing. What players not expected is, running or walking down a mild slope will often produce slight jumping or cripples, thus interrupted changing bullets, etc. Similar happens in AC:Unity also while the disguise is ended because you walk down the one step in front of a shop."
76561198103634989,Recommended,311560,22218182,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Scanpol,Another great game in the franchise. No matte what a lot of people say. The stories are great and especially this one as it reflects a different side of the coin. Just enjoy it...
76561198141935131,Recommended,311560,22244880,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Techno,A really great game. It has an awesome story.
76561198214076889,Recommended,311560,22098664,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,waffle_penguin17,"TL,DR: Fun pirate game, but lacking amount of missions (and things to do) compared to Unity and SyndicateThis is fun, acrobatic, and stealthy, like other Assassin's Creed games, but also quite empty.  The only other AC I've played was Unity (on my PS4 after they fixed all the bugs) and I LOVED it.  Sure, the main story wasn't remotely good, but there were so many other missions to do in Unity that it made up for all of that.While Rogue was released at the same time, it definitely feels like a step back, because of the lack of things to do.  There aren't tons of missions on the map that you can do, it's the main quest and then some occasional others... so for people who want a huge environment to flip around in, kill people, do some detective work, etc, I'd rather recommend Unity or Syndicate.  I know I'll definitely be buying Syndicate.BUT Rogue redeems itself with the ships! Pirating is so much more fun (and so much harder) than the general running-and-flipping-and-stabbing."
,Recommended,311560,22104668,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,That guy,"After replaying Black flag once again, I decided it was about time to try one of the other Assassins Creed games.And what better game to do so than with Rogue. It's very similar to Black flag, pretty much everything is the same, except for the story and items.The game is beautiful! With white mountains and green fjords almost makes you feel like a viking sailing around.And with the map being so huge there is alot of exploring to do. Specially when the main storyline made you only go to like 1/3 of the places (?!)The only real disappointment was that the storyline was a little boring compaired to black flag, and it was SHORT. Like completed in under 9 hours short.BUT if you are like me and love black flag, you should really give Rogue a go.7/10"
,Recommended,311560,22283416,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Swip3r,"This game was great then out of nowhere, the game ended. By far the shortest game I have ever played but this game is basically just a glorified black flag. And I love black flag.Pros: Great graphicsInteresting storyCool charactersNice gameplayCons: the game is so short, half of my 12 hour time played was just free roam and leveling up my character assuming the game would get hard, I was wrong.Easiest assassins creed I have ever played.No use in ship upgradingNo use in character upgradeAnd takes less than a day to beat8/10 just for the great New York free roam and new economy system and salary"
,Recommended,311560,22070694,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Revolver Rooster,40 minutes and just one bug in a ubisoft game...... 10/10oh and one guy looks like me when i use beard 1000000/10
98678757657653217,Recommended,311560,22098221,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Fascist Canuck,"You get to put down the acrobatic anarchists and join the Templars.Its a nice change of pace from the ""player in white who hunts ebil knights"" story. Puts a different perspective on things, the game runs off of the assassins creed III engine with a bit of updating and optimizations, bringing back old characters and filling in some holes, i hope that we get to see more of shay and his assassin cleaving ways.May the father of understanding guide us."
76561198289694716,Recommended,311560,22039564,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Brince$Habib,I just started and a great game so far!
76561198111281989,Recommended,311560,22090825,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,'Broken' Dark,"It's alright. Its not bad but its not particularly great. Its essentially Black Flag again, which is probably a good thing because boats. I found black flag to be more entertaining, though ive only played for a short while. In the end, id get this game on a sale (which is what i did.)"
76561198127640356,Recommended,311560,20363576,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Reaper,It's not Assassin's Creed Unity.
,Recommended,311560,22143096,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,God-King Marmalade,"Fantastic game, very smooth on PC. I wish more AC games were optimized like this."
76561198027062525,Recommended,311560,22462840,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ExplorerD,"If you have played the previous one, black flag... well this is almost the same. A lot of recuperation of what was in black flag. I found it a tad boring in that regard. The only thing I really liked was that assassins were hidden at places and could attack you. This gave some element of surprise. So, just an average remake of black flag. If you liked black flag this may be ok. So I recommend it but not fully."
,Recommended,311560,22290181,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,ChittySushi,"It takes place in a world like AC3, with the mechanics of AC4.Shay Cormac is one of the best characters in the AC franchise, and he isn't even an assassin.8/10 would cleanse New York of criminals for the British only to have Connor ♥♥♥♥ it all up."
76561198123003389,Recommended,311560,22210529,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,naten,10/10 would make my own luck again.
76561197984063432,Recommended,311560,22251347,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Fluffykin,"another part to the ac storyline, only this time its an assassin called Shay, who finds out what the assassins are doing with the pieces of eden and then turns anti-assassin!great game to play, alot smoother than blackflag, altho the controls arent that fluid. nice to see we can still steal fom peasants and not give any ♥♥♥♥s.....altho i enjoy playing the ac series i thought this entry was a tad short.... but still a good game to purchase, now to play the next installment and see what the crack is :)"
,Recommended,311560,19645969,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,SteV,"One of the best AC games.  Very fun, good story, beautiful environments.  My only gripe is it being a little short BUT all the missions are actually meaningful.  No more tailing missions."
76561197984814577,Recommended,311560,19657080,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,crazedaku,If you liked Assassin's Creed 4 then you should like this.  It is more of the same.  I did not feel compelled to do all of the side stuff this time around... but the main story kept me interested until the end.  The story is not very long and you will need to upgrade your boat in order to complete the main story missions. This took me about 10-12 hours.
,Recommended,311560,19518641,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Joe,"You can pet dogs, 10/10"
,Recommended,311560,19527549,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,GenϯesiS Inviᵴible,Assassin's Creed® Rogue™เริ่มที่ตัวเอก Shay Cormac จากเด็กฝึกหัดในภาคีนักฆ่าเมื่อความคิดเห็นไม่ตรงกัน จึงออกจากภาคีนักฆ่าหันหน้าเข้าสู่ Templars .... บ่องตรง ชอบมากกกกกเกมเพลย์จะคล้ายๆ (ไม่สิใช่เลย)♥♥♥♥♥Black Flag แค่ตัดระบบดำน้ำไปเพิ่มการรีโนเวทบ้านชาวบ้านขึ้นมา มีศัตรูแบบใหม่ ปืนเก็บเสียง นอนนั้นก็คล้ายๆกันหมดของเก็บเยอะดี รวมๆแล้วให้ 11/10 ถึงจะมีบัคเล็กน้อย ทหารภาคหลังๆนี่โง่เกินเยียวยาแต่ยังไงก็ยังรักเกมซีรี่ย์นี้อยู่ดี ยิ่งได้เล่นภาคนี้นี่ยิ่งเข้าใจ Templars ขึ้นเยอะครับ ลองดู -3-จัดแบบ 50% นี่ไม่เสียใจเลยทีเดียวเชียววว
,Recommended,311560,19471866,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Paliwog The Bad !,This game is far more superior compared to Unity. Definitely recommend this game over Unity.
,Recommended,311560,19463478,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,• BabyRage •,I like this game
76561198257738308,Recommended,311560,19395803,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,BreadBurner21,"Im 15 Hours into the game, and havent come close to finishing the 4th sequence. The game struggles with some pacing problems, but when I can go do whatever I want, Its a beautiful game. My other main concern is that when there was alot going on, I had a very noticeable lag, and I died a few times. Its an awesome game otherwise, and is a must play for AC Hardcores or casuals"
,Recommended,311560,19493000,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Arn,"Not quite as engaging story-wise as Black Flag, but it's still interesting to see the Templar side of things. Better optimized than Black Flag, though that may be because there's less content, it's a port from last-gen consoles, etc. Unfortunately the main protagonist has a boring personality.Still recommended if you liked Black Flag, because you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,311560,19568780,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,gr8gonzo,"The most important question: Is this game fun?Answer: YES!Like everyone else has said, it's pretty much like Black Flag with a few minor additions and a very slight change in scenery, so if you liked Black Flag, then you should enjoy Rogue, too.That said, it's not AS polished as Black Flag was. It feels like maybe they skimped on the QA process with this game in order to get it out the door.Typically the AC games have had a polished introduction that walks you through all the major concepts, and gives you a good sense of who your character is, but not Rogue. Not only do you have no idea who your character is besides his name and that he's somehow associated with some kind of crew, but this game starts you out on an island where you can start picking up collectibles and treasure maps and all that stuff right off the bat, so it sort of expects you to be familiar with the mechanics... but then later walks you through concepts that you've already done. There were all sorts of questions that remained unanswered (""Am I an assassin already or am I enroute to becoming one? Who are these other characters around me? How did we get here if the captain's ship is miles away? What are we doing here?"").In the very first intro mission, one of the optional objectives is to not be detected by the guards while you take them all out. However, the game doesn't really explain what constitutes detection. Does the appearance of a red circle indicate detection, or is it only when it's filled, etc...? I hadn't played Black Flag in several months, so I couldn't remember off the top of my head and I restarted that memory several times trying to achieve complete stealth. It was only AFTER all of the mission criteria was completed (rescuing the prisoners, not just killing all the guards) that I was awarded the optional objective. So again, several small things that could have felt a little more smooth, but it was still fun to play.There have been a couple major bugs that I've come across. For example, at the end of one mission, you're suppose to air assassinate a bad guy to get 100% synchronization. However, the guy was stuck in some water and therefore did not go anywhere and could not be air assassinated. I could still shoot him to finish the mission, but if you're the type that likes the 100% success rate, you might need to replay some of the missions. In some cases, I was never informed of a second optional objective until AFTER the mission was finished, making me have to replay it for that 100% rating.There are LOTS of medium-sized, annoying bugs like getting trapped inside a wall, having your body (or other bodies) disappear on rare occasion, and stuff like that. The most annoying bugs have to be the little navigation/free-running bugs, where you are standing next to a completely climbable wall, yet the character will simply refuse to climb unless you run AWAY from the wall and then come back to it. There are also short rock walls that should definitely be climbable (running up them even puts half your body above the next level, but he just falls back down), forcing you to find an even shorter wall. Shay also seems very a little too eager to jump off into the middle of nothingness and fall to his death, even with a perfectly good haystack or other leap-of-faith-catcher mechanism nearby.Some bugs are just minor glitches with easy fixes - when I first ran the game on a 1920x1200 monitor in a multi-monitor setup, the setup menu didn't detect my resolution, and so it left it as ""Unknown"" but when I tried to switch to the windowed mode without setting the resolution first, the game would crash. Again, small things, easy fixes.As far as the graphics go, I don't know what other people are whining about with graphics - I think they look pretty good. Maybe people are getting spoiled and expect leaps and bounds with every single new release of a game. I feel like Black Flag was a little brigher and more colorful, whereas Rogue has a more dreary/darker color palette, but it's not like they're bad graphics by any means, and the game runs fantastic with all the settings turned up."
76561198028122400,Recommended,311560,19862358,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Caradoon,"This is a really fun game. I didn't find the story really compelling, but Shay Cormac is an interesting protagonist, and the gameplay is really good."
,Recommended,311560,19916908,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Tuffy,One of my favourite AC's
,Recommended,311560,17805627,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Yung Draco,"Rouge is legitimately one of, if not THE, best game in the series. Aside from the graphics and a rather lackluster port, the game improves upon everything that was good about the amazing AC Black Flag plus just does all things incredible fo the series.You play as a Templar and see that they're not the cliche ""bad guys"" per se.It delves into the lore of series even further and if you've played the other ones first, you'll truly love this game.If you liked AC Black Flag, buy this game... it's as simple as that."
,Recommended,311560,19894209,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Ghost,"Great game, it answers so many questions, fully recommend."
,Recommended,311560,20258584,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,graywolf2007,"Assassin's Creed: Rogue is a strange outing for the series, serving as a spinoff, an ""interquel"" (chronologically between AC4 and most of AC3), and something of a last hurrah for the series before it stepped into the next generation (and unfortunately tripped and fell with the release of Unity). It's a game I have very mixed feelings about, for while it is undeniably a good game, I can't help but feel some sense of disappointment, as I think it could have been so much better...Performance: It works!!! After the absolute disaster that was Unity, I refused to buy another AC game for PC without waiting to see the community's response (Still can't get Unity to work for me over a year later). Obviously Ubisoft is making an effort to improve their treatment of PC releases, as this game runs, for the most part, beautifully on my machine with the graphics settings pretty much maxed out, and I run it on a laptop with a core i7, 2.5 Ghz processer, and an AMD HD8970 graphics card, so we're not talking about a particularly beastly computer here. The only real issue I encountered was a consistent crash to desktop as soon as the game started, unless I set the environment quality to normal, which seems to have been a somewhat widespread problem. However, this issue was easily resolved and hasn't affected my enjoyment of the game at all, so I'd say it's mostly negligible.Graphics: The game looks beautiful, with some really breathtaking environments. Assassin's Creed is one of the only games that after years of play, I still find myself just stopping and looking around at the environment, in awe of the level of detail and love that went into crafting these historical recreations. Of particular note here are the stunningly reflective waters of the Riverlands, and the sprawling and lively cityscape of New York. With that in mind, however, it should be noted that many of the models and animations are ripped directly out of previous entries in the series. A lot of what you see comes from AC3 or AC4, and while this didn't bother me in most cases, one thing that greatly disappointed me was the animation set for Shay, the main protagonist. Almost all of his combat finishers and free-running movements are virtually identical to Edward Kenway's animations from AC4, who already borrowed animations from Connor in AC3. It really took away from Shay's characterization, and I found it especially disappointing considering Ubisoft went to the trouble of crafting new animations for Adewale in Freedom Cry, which was merely a DLC expansion for Black Flag. You'd think a full release with a new protagonist would get special treatment, but instead they just lazily recycled animations we've already seen before. Bad form, Ubisoft.Sound and Music: I got chills when I started up this game and heard the opening theme. This brilliant piece weaves together themes from throughout the series' history, including the AC3 main theme, ""Ezio's Family"" from AC2, and a very Irish take on what sounds like the ""British Empire"" theme from Black Flag. It really brings on the nostalgia for the greatest moments of the series, and leads you to believe that you're about to witness a pivotal moment in the series' overarching plot (sadly, this doesn't quite come to fruition). Overall, the music is really great in this game, epic and grandiose, and I loved the Irish flavor they brought to the table to accompany the series' first Irish protagonist. As always, they really hit the nail on the head here. As for sound effects and voice acting, you'll hear a lot of familiar sounds from AC4, which didn't need improvement, and the voice acting is as good as ever.Story: To me, this is where the game really failed to deliver. We were promised a plot that would turn the series on its head, showing us the world from the perspective of the Templars, blurring the lines and making us see the humanity in both sides. Unfortunately, I would argue that the opening sequences of AC3 already accomplished that much better than this game ever did. I wanted to like Shay Cormac, our rogue-ish hero, but I just never really cared all that much. Especially after the emotional rollercoaster of Edward Kenway's pirate adventures in AC4, everything here just felt cold and disconnected. Without spoiling too much, I'll say that Shay's motivations for defecting to the Templar's just didn't make sense, and the portrayal of the Templars seemed completely off-base compared to the rest of the series. The game just tries too hard to make you like them, and instead of feeling like we're getting a closer look at the humanity within the Templar cause, it just feels like the same old ""honorable, compassionate good guys"" vs ""cold, inhumane bad guys"" story we've experienced before, only with the names of the factions switched.There's also a modern day story in between sequences, but it's largely uninteresting (though Osto Berg does seem like an intriguing character), and the little pieces of lore you find  by hacking computers seem more like Assassin's Creed wiki entries to flesh out popular characters than anything else. I miss the mystery of deciphering Subject 16's encoded messages in AC2, and even the hacked information in AC4 had some level of intrigue that's largely missing here.Gameplay: It's Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag through and through. Almost nothing has changed in terms of mechanics. You'll still free-run and counter kill your way across the land, and you'll still sail for miles and engage in furious naval battles across the North Atlantic. However, the series does add in some new features. Shay has a couple unique weapons, the air rifle and the grenade launcher. The air rifle is virtually identical to the blowgun from AC4, but it's still a cool weapon. The grenade launcher, however, is new. You can fire sleep grenades, berserk grenades, or shrapnel grenades, and it can be great fun to fire one into a group of enemies from a high tree branch and watch chaos ensue. Otherwise, however, Shay's weapons are pretty much the same as Edward's.Another new feature is the new Stalker enemies. They will hide in places traditionally reserved for yourself as the Assassin. You can find them using a compass-like indicator only available using Eagle Vision. Then, you can either walk by and let them come at you, only to counter-kill them, or you can smoke them out and hunt them down. It makes traversing the city more interesting and more dangerous, as the Stalkers can pose a real threat if they get a hit in.A lot of the game will be spent at sea, sailing and engaging in naval combat, and it's as fun as ever. Shay's ship, the Morrigan, is notably faster and more maneuverable than the Jackdaw from AC4, which really helps streamline the naval gameplay. The ship is also equipped with new weapons. The first is the Puckle Gun, an automatic side-gun that actually makes boarding ships too easy, as you'll probably take out all the enemy crew before your ship even gets close enough to jump over. The second new weapon is the burning oil, which allows you to leave trails of fire behind you, and is much more effective in losing a tail than the explosive kegs from previous games. Finally, you get an upgraded ram that allows you to actually control your charge. Another new naval feature worth mentioning is that you can now be boarded by enemy ships if they ram into you, which is a surprisingly exciting and chaotic experience.Besides the main missions, there's a ton of side content. You can conquer the gangs of New York, raid forts, hunt animals to craft upgrades, and pick up a ton of various collectibles, including chests, animus fragments, the new prosperities which increase your income, viking swords, templar crosses, and more. The naval campaign also makes its return, and if you're really bored, you can just go play checkers at a bar.My final score: 7/10 Great game in many ways, but I'd probably wait til it's on sale to pick it up."
,Recommended,311560,20278787,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,50 Shades Of Green,"Huge map, short game. Very short. 14 hours it at when i finshed, and 3 of which i idled. I even did plenty side stuff like take on the 4 legendary battle ships. check my screenshots for how little the map you actually use. I think the map was even copied directly from ac black flag. Worth it if the game is on sale."
76561198066467156,Not Recommended,311560,20279643,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gideon,"Purchase game.Download.Press play.Uplay account set up pops up.Frick.After a few failed attampts press recover password.Reset password on Ubisoft's website.Login in to Uplay successfully.""Your account has been suspended (for an unlisted amount of time) for failed login attempts.""Start new Uplay account.""Account creation not available at this time.""Contact customer support.""We're sorry. Customer support not available at this time""Sit on my couch thinking why I can't play a single player game I have purchased simply because I can't log in online.Stab eyes out with a fork.10/10 would recommend a voice dictation program on PC to write reviews with."
,Not Recommended,311560,20126439,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,McKnight,"Looks like a pretty good game very much like black flag.I would not recommend this game as it crashes constantly on windows 10 and causes the whole system to freeze up requiring a restart, I've tried numerous things including switching graphics cards. I'm pretty sure this is a windows 10 problem."
,Recommended,311560,25155884,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Furi0sa,"A worthy extension to Black Flag and optimized beautifully. 60 FPS and never lags. I can't express how much better this is than Unity if you enjoyed AC4. My only complaint is some detection issues when ramming with your boat, get this game."
76561198264014148,Recommended,311560,24874078,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ICEman,"Fun to Play, Awesome Protagonist, But lacks in extra stuff to do in free roam!"
,Recommended,311560,24836093,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,nutella,"Great game, gameplay is like black flag but with snow, which is fine. At this point I've completed the game 2 times and I'm going for 100% completion. Love the crafting/all the side things you can do. 10/10 would recommend"
76561198103186124,Recommended,311560,24766191,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,king death of the clutch,I think that the assassin's creed games are good but the assassin's creed rouge was the best that I had ever played in a while. While there are more assassin's creed that have been coming out recently I think that rouge was the one that Uplay had spent alot of time working on it. I'm talking about the graphics are amazing and they made better story lines the gameplay is amazing with new weapons and costumes are new with new moves to kill your enmieines and new traps out like the rope dart i know that it was in the number  3 and 4 but with the rope darts in rouge you can kill you them by you choking them on a branch and by taking you can fall off the branch and leave them hanging with the dart still on the by hanging on the tree. So if you are looking through the assassin's creed series I would recomenned the Rouge out of them all.
76561198104166626,Recommended,311560,23233578,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Red_Hawk,"This game is FANTASTIC!The story is a little short,yes but FINALLY a protagonist you can relate to and a really good story.The fighting,eh like in every AC game,the map is pretty big,the collectibles are fun to collect but SERIOUSLY THERE IS SO MANY!The naval and everything else is pretty much the same like it was in Black Flag but with slight changes such as:Raiders can now attempt to board your ship which is a nice little detail that adds to the immersion.Burning oil(leaving a trail of fire on the water)Air Rifle...Overall the game is pretty good and I recommend it to everyone who likes AC and/or Open World games.Overall 8/10Thanks for reading."
76561198075954515,Recommended,311560,24869125,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Indyeana,Unique story with relateable characters. The gameplay is the standard AC formula just improved upon slightly.
,Recommended,311560,24973019,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,✪ m1ke,"From where to start? For me this is the 2nd best AC game ever made after AC4 BF. A lot of people said it's AC4 1.5 or a DLC for AC4. That isn't the case. Rogue is connected in the story with AC3,AC4 and Unity(just a little bit).StoryWell this AC game had one of the best characters i've ever played in a video game. From AC series Shay for me was a master piece. I loved everything about him. He started as a begginer in the assassins just to learn from them, do their jobs and then just to turn on them because they were blind and weren't seeing the danger. Playing as a Templar for the first time was more exciting than i thought. Shay's story is how i said one of the best, after Edward's from AC4.GameplayThe gameplay is kinda the same as AC4, that's why most of the people said it's a copy of AC4. Yeah it has kinda the same mechanics as any AC game and also the naval combat is back from AC4. Also the side activities from AC4 are back too like Assassins contract but here they are Interception contracts where you have to stop an assassin from killing someone, naval forts combat for more activities, hunting, legendary ship battles etc. The economy is also the same, you need cargo to upgrade your ship, the Morigan and also to renovate the 3 big regions, New York, River Vally and North Atlantic. The naval combat is the same as AC4, the only thing changed is that now that your ship can be boarded and you need to defend it. The on foot combat is also the same with minor new animations. Now we also have economical zones to capture, these are the naval forts and the fortresses from the citys/villages, these unlocking new side activities. Also the Naval Fleet is back too. However the minor bugs when the game doesn't know where you want to go or the ragdoll efect sometimes make the game glitchy, but it is not that often.SoundThe sound effects, the voices, i just love everything about them. The singing while sailing on the sea is back so hunt those shanties.GraphicsAC Rogue uses the same engine as AC4 did with maybe some minor upgrades. If you liked AC4, you will think this will look awesome too.MultiplayerNope, finally.All in all, Rogue is a briliant game. Yes, it was in the shadow of Unity when it first came out, but it is 10 times better than Unity from all the point of views expect the graphics. Ubisoft Sofia did an amazing job here, Ubisoft Montreal should take a look at this and take notes or atleast look back at AC4. I recommend Rogue to any AC fan. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,311560,24986696,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Reksrat,If you like Assassin's Creed then you'll like this game. It makes you think a lot about what it means to be an Assassin and what it means to be a Templar.Only issue i have with the game is that it's very ship focused. Granted i know that's just a product of the era and the game would've been way more boring without the ships but i feel like there isn't as much free running to do.
,Recommended,311560,24811328,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,BridgeBurner0369,"By far the best of the Assassin's Creed games. I have plaayed through this game a total of 4 times, twice on Playstation, twice on PC. I hope that Ubisoft continues to pursue a line of Templar oriented games, as I find myself agreeing with them more often than any of the Assassins. The story is fantastic, while I was not a fan of Unity, the seemless transition from this game to that was beautifully done. 10/10 times I would recommend this game to all."
76561198353811193,Recommended,311560,30841609,Posted: 30 March,all,kylehawk77,"this is the first assassins creed i played in the series, was really excited since i heard good things about Assassins creed games but now after playing im hooked and i think im in love. Apparantly people say this isnt the best game sof the series so obviously you know assassins creed going to make money on me(Unity is next).Was not too crazy about the idea of pirates ships and battles on sea but it grew on me,Im a person who love stealth games and sometimes stealth can become sickening and you just wanna burst in guns ablazing and since stealth isn't your only option in missions(if your not looking to score 100% syncronization), you can burst in sword swinging with guns on your waist make the experience even betterso for my firsr assassins creed games ill say 9/10. Losing that 1 score because of the ship battles."
76561198277617763,Recommended,311560,24918278,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Mmdprov,"After writing off Assassin's Creed as a repetitive series after watching most of the first game. This game singlehandedly caused a desire in me to play the whole series for two reasons. First, so I could experience this whole epic of what feels like two warring factions of the Illuminati; and second, to play this again understanding all the nuances and insights the story seemed to be providing in my first play-through."
76561198012071265,Recommended,311560,24931657,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,WoodenDOOM,"Same thing as Black Flag, no multiplayer. Different story, slightly downgraded graphics; barely noticeable. Still fun."
,Recommended,311560,18296749,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,littlebixy,Amazing game coming from a person who has played neally all of the assassins creeds ever made [AC 1 Ac 2 AC R AC B AC 3 AC 4 AC L PSP Assassins creed and AC UNITY and now AC rouge] THIS IS A OUTSTANDING game and is extremely under appracted it is 100% better then unity however lacks as it has a shorter story if they would have made this longer it could have truely been the best of the assassains creed series but it was till the send off assassins creed deserved for the last gen consoles [And in this case that engine on pc]9.9/10
76561198081441958,Recommended,311560,26423026,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,「Farfar  <3」,"its the same as black flag, I would recomend to buy black flag instead"
76561197966996144,Recommended,311560,25629172,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Falcortastic,I found the storyline to be short and there's way too many collectibles; but it was very joyous to return to the realm of AC: Black Flag.  I do not regret my purchase.
76561198046960724,Recommended,311560,25665773,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,[JD[not from ff,"Loved this game! Most Assassins Creedy stores are all over the place but this story is short and sweet. Also super great playing a templar, i felt extreamly conflicted hunting down my former brothers and sisters. I enjoyed this game more than Unity"
,Recommended,311560,25895148,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Nick Crompton,"I love this game very much! The story is an interesting take on the assassin's tale and the combat is very entertaining. A person can get lost in time once they sit down to play this game. I feel as if it is overshadowed by AC4 and other more wellknown games in the franchise. This type of storytelling needs to be the standard for Ubisoft. Please support this game, it deserves it!"
76561198044561880,Recommended,311560,30894281,Posted: 1 April,all,zztop_mesa,"Good (3/4). This game is so well done, everything looks good, runs great and the controls are the best I've seen in a 3rd person game. Just the amount of polish that has gone into things like facial animation, level design and the core platforming was staggering to me. You can seamlessly switch between keyboard/mouse and joypad at any time.Clearly the developers are some of the best in the business. Unfortunately I can't give it 4/4 because I get bored and quit often. The story is just too slow."
,Recommended,311560,24711754,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Syndicate_,"I'm a huge fanboy of ac. and this review is my opinion.Ac Rogue follows Shay Patrick Cormac on his journey. He starts as an assassin. But when something happend he left the brotherhood. To become a templar knight.Story:The story is only 6 sequences long. So don't suspect to play the story for more than about 15 hours. The story is pretty good and would have been a perfect prolouge to ac 3. It explains a lot. Why achillies is the only assassin. And why the templars could get so big in America.gameplay: The gameplay is almost the same as ac 4 bf. It's  just ac 4 but then with small new feutures. So if you hated ac 4 you should not buy this game for it's gameplay. However i think hat both ac4 and rogue have amazing gameplay.graphics: It came out in 2014. The same day as ac unity (on consoles).In januari 2015 it was ported to pc. So don't suspect a great looking game. However, it's not bad. Just not fantastic.Verdict: if you loved ac 4 you MUST buy this one. It has an truly HUGE open world! If you disliked ac 4, DON'T BUY THIS!I would reccomend this to everyone who likes ac and espacialy ac 4!"
,Recommended,311560,24432569,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Young Sheldon,I'd say better then unity. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is pretty good. Black flag ship and fighting mechanics with a better story. U ♥♥♥♥ing destroy the whole asassin order all by yourself. You also adewale from black flag and work with Kenways son whose a templar. AND you kill Arnos father from unity. I tried to shoot arno but the game wouldnt let me. Just add some more memes. EDIT: I forgot to write that the parts when your in the abstergo entertainmet building in first person is the ♥♥♥♥ing dumbest feature posiible i ♥♥♥♥ing despise it but overall the game is ok
,Recommended,311560,23817195,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kirawan,"One of the best assassin's creed series after black flag. what I like about Rouge is you will get to see the perspective on both side but in the end, the opinion are ours to make. The mechanics are pretty much same with black flag such as boarding a ship, attacking the fort and for the first time, enemy can kill you in one shot. It frustrating but somehow it makes you think you need to use other alternatives way to achive goals. The main character have his own goals, not following other creed and that makes it more powerful in story. Lastly, I do recommend this game after you finish Black flag and AC3 since you will recognize some key character of other AC series, but even you don't have played it, you still can enjoy the story and other side activities in the game."
,Recommended,311560,23788563,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Leonard Powers,"Best Assassins Creed Game since Black Flag because it combines the the best from Black Flag and the classic ACs like 2, Brotherhood and revelations. If you liked the old ones and Black Flack then it is worth your money."
,Recommended,311560,23839470,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,'Dread,"OMGone of the best games of assassins creed I have EVER played.I played AC2, Unity, Black Flag, Syndicate and just finished rogue.never really had the chance to do AC3 or the 1st one or any othersbut from everything I just seen in this one, I love the Templars xD10/10 Story10/10 Gameplay10/10 Fightingabsolutely worth getting.May the father of understanding guide us!lol"
76561198123778617,Recommended,311560,30804907,Posted: 28 March,all,Nik,This game is absouletly amazing
76561198199067839,Recommended,311560,23109219,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,NoScopeKing1013,This game is really fun and addicting
76561198275264738,Recommended,311560,23110941,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Grant,我应该不会再玩第二遍，收集要素有毒，不想去收集又忍不住收集。
76561198072430311,Recommended,311560,23468913,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Vedrfolnir,"This is Black Flag 2.0.This is a worthy successor to one of the best games of the franchise.Rogue is described as many things; a cheap lower-end alternative to Ubisoft's attempt to pander to both generations of consoles, a short story set in between games in a similar manner to Freedom Cry or Liberation, a simple sidestory given better quality through asset and game mechanic reuse.It's kind of all of those things, and also none of them. Yes, it was slid under the rug when Unity was first released, but it ended up being more critically acclaimed for better story and gameplay. Yes, it does reuse assets from Black Flag, but the assets are used in ways that seem new and interesting, and the change in scenery really does make this game work. Finally, it is true that it is rather short for an Assassin's Creed game - less than eight chapters long - but the Kenway Saga that it concludes makes it more than worth it.In conclusion, if you don't mind the familiar tinge from Black Flag, Rogue is an excellent all rounded Assassin's Creed game, and is definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,311560,23501356,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,DoogitNow,"Surprisingly longer than I expected [twss]. If you liked the ship battles and shanties of Black Flag then you will enjoy this game. It doesn't really add a whole lot to the overall story outside of the animus, but who knows how they'll tie it in later. I actually played a little of Unity before this, and I love how they tied these two games together in the ending of Rogue."
,Recommended,311560,23265141,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Zoffix Znet,"A decent game, well worth the full price. I played for about 37 hours until I finished the main story and did about 40% of the collectables, forts, and gang quarters. Going to be finishing off the rest now, while brutally murdering the red coats in a huge variety of ways.With the recommendation put forward, now is the time for me to nitpick and complain:I often got frustrated with the movemement. My guy loves to climb up random nearby crap when I just want to run away, open a chest, or enter through a door. That caused a number of vitriolic outbursts from me.The game is too easy. I don't believe there's a difficulty setting, but I felt like I was playing on ""easy."" My ship got blown up just twice. The few times I did die were due to an obvious mistake and I've crafted just a single health upgrade! If you're patient, storming a fort with dozens of dudes swarming in it is child's play. Same goes with materials, money, and ship upgrades—they're just too easy to get. My ship was near fully-upgraded right at the start of the game.The main story is bland. I never felt involved with it. I kept expecting a twist, but it was more linear than a ruler. Characters, other than the main one, are all cardboard cutouts with no substance. There was a little bit of spark with the Assasins, but the Templars just had a name and a face to them, and what little personality they did have I disliked. The girl in Abstergo office I found outright obnoxious and I had to turn off my volume at one point because she just wouldn't shut up while I was trying to find tablets.That said, none of the above felt like they were game-breaking issues and there's plenty of content in the game that doesn't have those problems. So I did enjoy and do recommend this game."
,Recommended,311560,23315353,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Cross-Section,"My main interest in playing Rogue was to experience a story that would take the rare step of portraying the AC world from the ""bad guy"" perspective in a TIE Fighter-esque manner. Though the game accomplishes this in a way that makes it at least worth seeing through, the bulk of Rogue nevertheless consists of doing side activities in a metagame that has little function narratively, though thankfully there is a point where one can ignore it to focus on completing story missions."
,Recommended,311560,23281853,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,OOOOOOOOOOHAAHHHH,"AwesomeSo many people talk badly about it like ""dis crap is copy of AC4"" but no its FABULOUS.I will go ""WTF"" many times but thats one of the symbols of the AC franchise.P.S. Way better than AC Unity and it has PENGUINS!!!"
,Recommended,311560,30785307,Posted: 27 March,all,Tetravalence,"If you loved Black Flag, you will probably enjoy Rogue. Just note that Rogue was released to cover fans of the series who hadn't switched to next-gen platforms. Needless to say, this game is short, and does not have as much to do as in Black Flag. However, there are certain flairs that are not in Black Flag of which I enjoyed. The graphics and overall gameplay is pretty much identical to Black Flag. In fact, they did a lot of copy-pasting. There is one fort in the first few sequences that you have to infiltrate which is a near-exact copy of the fort in Havana (Black Flag city).Unfortunately, I have had a number of performance issues with this game. There are more bugs than in Black Flag. One nasty one that keeps popping up for me: I try to take over a gang territory and as soon as I kill the captain, the game freezes and force closes.If you have to choose between Black Flag and Rogue, get Black Flag. If you want more like Black Flag, but have completed everything in that game, try out Rogue."
,Recommended,311560,23298682,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Doctor Futurity,"This was an interesting side story to the AC III/ACIV corner of Ubisoft's franchise. It was in the end less thrilling (or interesting) that I might otherwise have hoped, but it did give closure to some plot bits from ACIII and also your ""modern day"" plot from AC IV. If you missed this one, you won't feel a loss, but if you have a vested interest in the ACIII/ACIV/Liberty timeline you'll enjoy Rogue.Pro: good story (for about 70% of the way through), more ship stuff.Cons: felt akward, on a ACIII/ACIB engine hybrid (so tree running was a pain at times as the ACIII engine seems to have pathfinding issues compared to ACIV), and most of the busywork in the game really, really felt like busywork. Fortunately you are not forced to play through most of it if you don't want to."
,Recommended,311560,23438959,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Razer,This game is the best game that ubisoft had ever made. The game runs great and the fps is always around 60  (: Good job Ubisoft!
76561198121759330,Recommended,311560,23256894,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Turtle Of Destiny,one of my favorite Assassins Creed games
,Recommended,311560,23230780,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Vanilla Isis,An amazing game start to finish. If your a fan of the series I can't reccomned it enough.
,Recommended,311560,23117671,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TOYBOY,"Focuses on story more than Black flag and expands on the time period, good if bought on sale."
,Recommended,311560,30793251,Posted: 28 March,all,cowll悲しい,"Interesting story, gameplay is solid but it didn't really hooked me."
,Recommended,311560,23545071,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Seeker,"Perhaps my favourite installment in the franchise. Rogue is the first AC game to finally offer a(n in universe) Templar perspective, giving the player a different viewpoint into the the realm of AC and an opportunity to consider the motivations of a group that is typically portrayed as a mob of clandestine sycophants hellbent on ruining the lives of the poor schumcks outside their clique. Although some of the plot and dialogue are a little wearisome (I find this to be the case with ninety percent of video games ), the main story arc is engaging and brings a fresh take to the typical AC narrative. First impressions of the game were solid as well: just about anything beats playing through the first twenty minutes to half-hour of a game as a prepubescent goofing around in bushes or stealling things... While the gameplay is virtually identical to Black Flag, I didn't mind too much; having to learn new keybindings for every bloody game (pun intended) they release gets a little wearisome. Additionally, since it's set in North America, the boreal landscape is a pleasant deviation from Black Flag's lush West Indies, while still retaining a good sense of adventure. Most of the gear is the same, with a few minor exceptions, and I personally feel the available outfits and the ship design are infinitely preferable to BF. I recommend it most to diehard fans of the series, but I believe most people would be able to get something out of Rogue, provided they aren't bored by playing a game overly similar to its predecessors."
,Recommended,311560,20142287,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Gerald,"-docks at a deserted island-sees a flock of penguins-ran towards them, dived into the sea together with the penguins11/10 1700s America has penguins"
76561198040580836,Recommended,311560,20378694,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Lucky,A well told story with an intresting and sympathetic protagonist.If they made Rogue the only Assassin's Creed game for 2014 Ubisoft wouldn't have had such a black mark on their track record.
,Recommended,311560,20387639,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Maverick Ricardo,"i think it's underrated. It was over-shadowed by unity despite it being a better game IMO. It falls short of black flag, there's no doubt. To me it feels like a cross between black flag and III. it's the gameplay of black flag with the atmosphere of III. The story is alright so far, better than IV for sure, but pales in comparison to the ezio trilogy. It was worth what I got it for during the holiday sale. If you're a fan of the series, you might wanna pick it up. It sits firmly in the middle of the series as far as gameplay and story go."
76561198136985842,Recommended,311560,20389320,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Eli,"It's exactly what you have come to expect from the Assassin's Creed series. This time with more cannons!Pretty casual game with not much replay vaule, but I had fun with it and this game had a unique storyline.I give it a 7/10."
,Recommended,311560,20384499,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Soulless2k4,"A true gem of the Asssassin's Creed Series. Story takes place after the events of Black Flag but before Assassin's Creed 3 and sets the stage for Assassin's Creed: Unity. Most importantly it allows you to see things as a Templar for a change. As I write this review Im currently playing Unity, the first of the next gen Assassin's Creed titles and to be honest ""Rogue"" is the superior game thus far."
,Recommended,311560,20361466,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Pink Turtle,Assassins Creed Blackflag 1.5.The story is rather short and can quickly be completed.So take your time if you want to explore all of the maps and get all the unlocks.Not a full game storywise. But neither is the price.
76561198114907925,Not Recommended,311560,20433173,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Wilhelm Strasse,"So 1 thing first, I'm a huge AC 4 fan and this is a second version of it with improvement. combat is nice I guess, not special or anything. The map is big and upgrading your ship takes a while. It took me, I'm a good gamer (master if you ask me), 14 hours first time. Optimization is good, probably the best optimized game by Ubisoft but ofcourse this game look♥♥♥♥♥♥ The reason why I don't recommend is is the story. It totally sucked and let me tell you why (no spoilers) In the beginning it's interresting but it wanders off very quickly. You'll need to play it yourself but I will tell you, you will regret putting the hours in it. It's plane and stupid. My rating is still positive but keep in mind I didn't like it.-6/10"
,Not Recommended,311560,20377321,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,585,This game may have been great. But sadly i was not able to see any of it.Upon the first movement the game would crashAll troubleshooting steps and reinstalls failed to resolve the issueJust be warned that this is a known problem with the gameps: thank god for steam refunds
76561198129380421,Recommended,311560,20482955,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,JayBlue,"I definitely recommend this game especially if you are a AC fan. This new installment tells a new story which is slightly similar to that of Black Flag itself but gameplay wise is everything Black Flag was meant to be, not at all taking from Black Flag as I in fact loved that episode of AC being a historical fan of pirates in real life, Black Beard being my favourite of all pirates and was a really big thing for me to see him in-game.Part of me is unsure as to which storyline is better, Black Flag or Rogue? Something about the storyline for Black Flag was inspiring and very immersive for me, Rogue kind of cuts straight to the chase but with a somewhat equally inspiring storyline and the fact you get to play as a bit more of a solid bad guy than the other episodes is cool too. Needs to be more games based from the villains angle. Playing as a Templar agent is quite bad ♥♥♥.Even if you are new to Assassins Creed this storyline will be easy to get on board with however I strongly recommend playing the earlier AC's to really soak up the depth of it all as this series takes on a whole new universe of it's own and the overall storyline for Assassins Creed is quite interesting to say the least and honestly worthy of a high budget film (lets just hope they don't ♥♥♥♥ it up).Some of the things that still annoy me about AC to this day and still seem to be an issue I find throughout game is when the parkour spazzes out and simple jumps just cause you to derp out and get stuck which in some situations is highly frustrating but for the most part the engine runs quite smoothly and situations as I have just mentioned happen quite rarely but when they do happen you will know exactly what I am talking about. I have also witnessed AI glitch into objects and become unresponsive or simply get stuck and start running in a spot which allowed me to meta-game kinda a few situations and exploit a bugged AI to my advantage but even this I have only seen maybe three times in my time playing."
,Recommended,311560,20481620,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,SPNKr_M41,"Here's what they think about youHere's what they think about youHere's what they think about youGot damn, I'm glad ya'll set it offUse to be hard and now you just wet and soft...The bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin'Who gives a ♥♥♥♥ about a punk♥♥♥♥♥villain?It ain't my fault, one dude got smartand they rippin' your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ apartBy takin' your green, oh yeahThe Villain does get ♥♥♥♥ed with no VaselineNow you're gettin' done without Vaseline""No vaseline"" by Ice CubeThis game is full of surprises.-Easy gameplay-Short main story/missions-Ship battles are not so difficult (mortars make things easy)-Get trained by skilled assassins but decide to go against them.-I'm Surprised cause them highly skilled assassins... Wasnt a challenge(Literally). Thought it be like a boss fight.-This game is a piece of cake to get thru the main story."
76561198116260507,Recommended,311560,20460656,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,JonSnowe,Best parts of most AC games thrown into one with a switch on the side you are fighting for. Great game!
,Recommended,311560,20495913,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,CrazyLegs - Jack,"Pro's-Good story-Good new naval features/settlements-The world was very good especially new york, more interesting than black flag.Con's- Story was too short- More buggy than black flag- no pirates.- Really REALLY anoying first mate.Conclusion.I would pick it up for cheap on a sale if you liked black flag for under £5.  Very silmilar to black flag but just not as good"
,Not Recommended,311560,22384294,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,"Obama, but he's Kitesurfing.","When you think everythings going to go great, then ACC.exe stops working and it seems as if no one has a fix for it.Yay..."
,Recommended,311560,22536912,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Hetzer,"If you like Assassing Creed 3 and its prequel Black Flags then you will enjoy Rogue, as its very similar in both combat and Gameplay. While I do enjoy this game, I can't say its better than Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flags (though it is more enjoyable than AC 3 and alot more than Unity). If your a fan of the franchies, then you should certainly try this one, but I suppose its worth a skip.But still one of the better Assassin's creed game, easily top 5."
76561197963321051,Recommended,311560,22481724,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Troll,"A very nice one !First of all it brings a little bit of a much needed change of perspective for a player - though it is only a very small one, it still gives this game quite a unique ""feel"". Also the story is really nice - I found it giving a little deph to the world and characters. Finally you don't see the world presented as totally black and white - with the first being the assassins and the other - templars. We knew thay had a similar goal, but a different method - now we can see that which method is better really depends on the perspective...On the other hand the game has some minuses. The worst of all - it is way too much similar to ""Black Flag"". You almost have a feeling of playing some kind of DLC to that one rather than a wholly new game. Also - ""AS Rogue"" was first released as a console game, and with PC port you can feel that - there are moments (quite a lot of them actually) when the game feels a bit simplified or empty in comparison with ""AS 3"" or ""AS 4 Black Flag"".Personally I had a ton of fun with this one, even with it's minuses. I still think that pluses outnumber the minuses in this case. So I totally recomend this one - especially if you liked ""Black Flag"" !"
,Not Recommended,311560,29724038,Posted: 5 February,all,invizi,"I'm two hours into this and it's my second least favourite game in the entire Assassin's Creed series, the first being Liberation. The writing is bad, it's just an average game with none of the great qualities that make the Assassin's Creed games stand out, just lacks the sort of conspiracy and politics and magic of the rest of the series. The characters act in a flat and unrealistic way, they are not written well. I've noticed the same thing in Liberation. All the other games have incredibly realistic characters. I'm going to try to avoid Ubisoft Sofia titles from now on.Overall, boring game, waste of money, avoid."
,Recommended,311560,22587648,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,XDDDD,Good game. A little glitches. I only had glitches when using the rope at the ship to get at the top of pole. I finished the game but there was %40 more synchronization. Long and good.
,Recommended,311560,22597456,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Panda,fun
76561198110438096,Recommended,311560,30756474,Posted: 26 March,all,xDnB Blizzard,"Firstly, I'll start off with this: I LOVE the modern day aspect of this game. If we didn't have the First Civ and current day Animus Technology in game, I think this game would lack relevance to the current day player, and we'd feel like we were just playing a historical ""Kill 'Em"" game.This game took me from start to finish 17 hours, including some moderate grinding. For comparison, I've played through Assassin's Creed 2 3 total times on Steam (not including xbox before PC Master Race), and full completion took 20 hours each time. Game time spent, I'm very happy, because I got it on sale for $9.99, the only time you should really buy this game, IMO. At full price, you don't get anywhere near as good value.The sailing was mostly the same as AC4, no super noticeable changes. The parkour/free running was mostly the same as AC4, felt good. The actual map exploration I ended up doing was next to none. AC4 revealed the map in way better time, and provided much better incentive to easily explore areas. There are whole areas of New York, for example, that I haven't even set foot in, and if story had even taken us through it once, I would have likely cleared it, or at least synchronized in that area.TL;DR: Game was good, but don't buy it at full price. Comparable to other games, big WOW moment at the end when you see the connection to AC3 (I wrote that obscurely on purpose, to avoid spoilers)."
76561198030730595,Recommended,311560,30767104,Posted: 26 March,all,miller9953,"Ok I waited until I got the hang of the game...Was never a big fan of this franchise because of Ubisoft, but I bought it on sale and WOW! WOW! Man this game rocks...I am a military man used to fighting on ground but once you get the hang of the naval combat it is brillant it is awesome to sink ships and see the damage your cannonballs do. It also takes tactics I took out a lvl 14 frigate with my ship during sequence 2 it was a bit of luck after i took out the gunboats but I shot an ice berg and caused a huge swell to lift it up and vurnerable to its broadside and shot evrything into it and sunk it man what a rush it was awesome my crew thought so to. I have np running the game either it is constant at 60-62 fps steady. The graphics are unreal and the screenshots I took are just the beginng as I just got to NY only played the game through 3 sequences and having a blast 10/10 never had this much fun with a game I can't stop playing it."
76561198046392249,Recommended,311560,30767514,Posted: 27 March,all,phil77zone,"i keep getting black screen after logo..looked everywhere for solution tried all things i could like verify,reinstall uplay etc..no succes..i have to refund..maybe its windows 10 but i set for both compatibility 7 and 8"
76561198029337671,Recommended,311560,24140104,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SAM_FISHER [ELITE],now playing best game as other volumes. Still not satisfied with limited ammo option.
,Recommended,311560,24187768,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,xXPoisonBerryXx,"This is my review for Assassin's Creed Rogue. I Hope you find it helpful.The Pros:-Huge open world, i mean HUGE.-Smooth Navel Combat-Dozens of animals to hunt-Lots of unique islands to explore-Well written campaign-Amazing Graphics (For a last gen game)The Cons:-Sometimes clunky animations-Fairly frequent glitches-Awkward silences during campaignThe Verdict:Assassin's Creed Rogue is a joy to play. You can explore a vast open world, you can hunt lots of creatures, you can enjoy well done navel combat, you can discover dozens of unique islands to explore, or you can just cause havok in one of the many cities. Although there are some bugs, most of them can be overlooked. That is why i'm rating Assassin's Creed Rogue a 8.7/10"
76561198022658933,Recommended,311560,24318048,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Gamingman,"Good game, great story i would go as far as to say that its better then ac4 its missing diving parts from it but has new mechanichs to replace it"
76561198078847994,Recommended,311560,24328107,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Abeth,"It's normally very easy to get bored with the repetitive storylines in the Assassin's Creed games. Rogue is quite different however. This is the first game you play as a Templar, and actually experience the villan's point of view first hand. It takes place between the events of Assassin's Creed: Black Flag and Assassin's Creed 3, and is very similar to Black Flag.Pros:-Beautiful scenery-Different storyline perspective-More variety with player skins-More variety with terrain and the places you explore-Improvement on naval combat-Give more detail into Haytham Kenway's story before AC 3Cons:-The weaponry functions almost exactly the same as in Black Flag, except they have different names and appearances (although there are a few new things)-Lots of minor glitches (invincible enemies, phasing through the landscape, being hit/detected through walls) which don't cause much issues with playing, but definitely break immersion-Although showing the story from a Templar perspective, the main concept is the same: Find and kill a list of targets throughout the game, getting closer and closer to eliminating the main target at the endAll in all, Assassin's Creed: Rogue is worth the money, and if you liked Black Flag, you will definitely enjoy this game. However, if you are expecting this game to be new and groundbreaking in the Assassin's Creed saga, then you will be disappointed.EDIT: I have started seeing a LOT of glitches when it somes to on-foot combat. If I board 20 ships, about 18 or 19 will have some kind of serious bug, like being hit by enemies that are stuck in walls and can't be killed, or using my last berserker grenade on a cluster of enemies, just to have them stand there doing nothing. In one instance I glitched THROUGH the boat I was boarding, landed in water, and couldn't get out. I had to wait for my crew to finish killing the amount of enemies necessary to complete the board. I still reccomend, but combat, especially boarding, needs some serious work."
76561198257064040,Recommended,311560,24342717,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Supreme_Wiggaa,"pc using intel i7-6700k with amd radeon R9 390 8gb and 32gb ram, and the game looks great with max settings and runs at 60fps  10 hours of play time havent dropped below 57 frames, as for the game itself its just a AC 3 and 4 combined and reskinned but told form the templars perspective, which is great idea  we have played a lot as assassins now the games have got to a point where there just not fun anymore they should revisit time period and tell from templar perspective would be awesome."
,Recommended,311560,24308096,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SlitheryLlama,It's Assassin's Creed. This was when it was still pretty good though. If you're fan of number 3 you'll like this one too.
,Recommended,311560,24203227,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Burd,Short but 10/10
76561198022951753,Recommended,311560,24258358,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Blackdepp,"And yet another Assassins Creed. So far I'm about 10h into the story and here's what I can say up to this point. First of all it feels and plays like a mixture between ACIII and ACIV. The start of the game is a little odd. You get thrown into the story almost without any background to the characters, even yourself and up to the point where you get to Lisabon the story itself is pretty lame. After that the story turns out to be quite exiting and compelling with a plot twist you don’t want to miss. So my conclusion is: Wait until you get to Lisabon and then start to enjoy a very good Assassins Creed game.(9/10)"
,Recommended,311560,24234608,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Thane_Mantis,"Introduction:Like any other game/new entry to a series, this game has both its pros and cons, but thankfully in this case I'd say its got more positives than it does negatives.Pros:+Huge, lovely looking open world.+Generally good amount of content (I.e., lots of sidequests, new weapons like the dart gun/grenade launcher, etc,.)+Characters are generally well done. Shay as the lead stands out of course.+Good end to the American Saga. This game does an alright job in my book of wrapping up the whole ""American Saga of previous games such as AC III, IV: Black Flag & Freedom Cry. It also serves as an entry to the next game, Unity.Cons:-Occasional Bugs. Not half as many as Unity but there is the odd one that can occur which may disrupt your gameplay.-Campaign length. This is pretty much the only major flaw this game has. The overall campaign of just doing main missions is very short, feeling rushed even.If your the type of person who plays the AC games purely for the main campaign/story, and you don't care in the slightest about side-quests & objectives, you may be disappointed.At any rate you definitely won't want to get the Digital Deluxe Edition and just stick with the standard version because the Deluxe Digital Edition won't be worth it for you.Closing Remarks:Personally I think that its a pity this game was overshadowed by its doomed to fail companion release Unity, seeming as its significantly better than its France based brother.This game does have its flaws like its disappointingly short campaign, which makes me question whether paying the full £30 price for the game was truly worth it, and of course there is the odd bug here and there (but fear not, its not as ill faded as Unity was in that regard.)I also sort of wish this game had been delayed for awhile longer, perhaps so they could have extended the main campaign so it isn't as short as what you might expect in a DLC for example.But other than those issues, its a solid entry in the AC Franchise, and as far as Im concerned, its highlight of the series in my book.Skip Unity. Get this instead."
76561198315297496,Recommended,311560,24187020,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Bharath,"Awesome game.  After playing this game, ""Shay Patric Cormac"" has become my favourite protogonist from the series."
,Recommended,311560,22330417,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,AYoungSatedProdigy,"Assasins creed rogue.. where to begin. This game is my favorite AND at the same time most hated ac game of the franchise. Rogue showed me that even some of the asasins creed's morals are to be questioned. anyway i absolutely loved this game even with its few flaws, some including, very short main campaign length, shays voice is absolutely annoying, and not enough side objectives. that being said the story was great, the game is a filler between ac3 and ac4 aswell as a prologue to ac unity. the unique weapons u got were very fun and were kinda op at times haha. hunting asasins never felt so good even though they are tought( ie they can stealth in brush, more alert than regular ai, use smoke and pistols too well). the game is also the most optimized video game on pc to date, becasue it was intended for old consoles unlike unity which were made for the new console generation. everything was perfect though if you count out shays annoying as voice, short story however it left me confused as to which side i rather like now, assasins or templars. imagine this, would u want donald trump(templars) running the country or having a purge anarchy libertarianism type government where everyone is free to do their own will(think about it carefully)....i recommend the game but dont expect to be playing it for too long"
76561198062860618,Recommended,311560,25502432,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,TheMathaFakingDMan,"This game is alright. But the main problem I have with this game is that, whenever you enter a battle ""side mission"" you can't leave it, even though you try to load out of this battle. I just entered a legendary fight and it's extremely stupid to even let this happen. I was against 2 lvl 75's and 5 more other ships, while I had 4 friendly ships on my team which leveled between 2-4. This battle is impossible to win so I do not understand why you can forfeit!!??This game is alright, but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company ""Ubisoft"" have a lot of work to do."
76561198031853724,Recommended,311560,25349913,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,BerryMason,"First thing i wanna say, great game. I also wanna say if you played AC black flag try not to compare them. Yes it plays like AC VI but there is where the simmularity ends. First, Black flag is set in the early 18th century at the hay days of priates, Rogue in the mid 18th century at the time of the 7 year war. A total diffrent backdrop. My advice is if you wanna play  as a pirate, where al are friend or foe, play Black flag. if you wanna sail under the Engilsh flag as a more ""civilised"" induvidial, play rogue. (although there is much more to it then that, goes for both games). All and all, good game, good story and alot of fun sailing."
76561198274328509,Recommended,311560,25323987,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Sir Z0mbie Krueger,I stopped playing assassin's creed after black flag i felt like the newer games were not as good as the first few but i saw a little gane play if this game and it looked good so i thought about it and then got the game and i so glad i did this was a great game and there's so much to do i highly recommend getting this game
,Recommended,311560,25415525,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Blue,Good game. Just runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my machine. Enjoyed the couple of hours I played though even at 10fps. I just had to return it to buy something else I could play at that time. Will buy again soon.
,Recommended,311560,22306950,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Jaralus,"This game makes you feel like you can trust ubisoft again, aside from the kinda short story there is nothing I can say about this game that is bad. NOTHING. It's almost too good to be a ubisoft game, but then you load it up, you're hyped, you are ready to play this game. And then outanowhere UDONTPLAY RKO'S you and gives you a bigillion updates before you can even see the Ubisoft logo. FUN I love watching a buggy bar slowly load and then when it does load you have to enable all the cheap dlc you've bought, because it was on sale, and then you realise it's 2 in the morning well there goes my day of lazing about playing an ACTUALLY GOOD Ubisoft game now lets go to sleep."
76561197972052979,Recommended,311560,25529624,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,knapster2k,"AC Rogue, the game that no one knew even came out because of the super hype around Unity, so you might think ""meh, must just be an afterthought from Ubisoft, can't be that good."" Oh but you're wrong, if you liked Black Flag, this is that game only much better, and the reason is fantastic character development. You start off as an Assassin who, after experiencing what Assassins do, joins the Templars. The whole story around this and the internal struggles the character goes through is more intense than most other AC games. The world is great and includes ice/snow regions as well as temperate, so more of a variety than Black Flag. The ship and sea battle mechanics have been fine tuned and upgraded. Thought Black Flag wasn't a proper AC game because you're a silly pirate but liked ships? This is the game for you, proper AC story...on a boat!"
76561198086495603,Recommended,311560,21662008,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,cantona7,Pretty much like AC4 but better gameplay
76561198262671275,Not Recommended,311560,21641621,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,sarkarstanmoy,"Not able to run Assassin Creed RogueFaulting application name: ACC.exe, version: 0.0.0.0, time stamp: 0x54ed8f46Faulting module name: nvwgf2umx.dll, version: 9.18.13.4192, time stamp: 0x561d222fException code: 0xc0000005Fault offset: 0x0000000000272296Faulting process id: 0xc84Faulting application start time: 0x01d176e4279c9e1fFaulting application path: G:\Steam\steamapps\common\Assassin's Creed Rogue\ACC.exeFaulting module path: C:\Windows\system32\nvwgf2umx.dllReport Id: 6813d4ce-e2d7-11e5-af2d-7071bca2ee2d"
76561198070462525,Recommended,311560,21606204,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Thoradil,"Well first of all Shay doesn't become ruthless and merciless assassin hunter, but slowly he defects from his believes and  his code alas one thing remains : Protecting innocents.He still has attachments to his old creed, but no mercy ( That's what I liked most )As for gameplay It is nearly similar with Black Flag and Freedom Cry in addition few different mechanics, enhanced eagle vision to see stalker assassins and gatling-gun on your ship ( best for boarding you will see, coolest bitz ever ).The most interesting part is unlike AC3 you don't review how templar order establish but the opposite. You flashback to your assassin days and then you will become a Templar. You will hunt familiar faces including Adewale.Story takes place before AC3 (story is good). Gameplay is good, no bugs or glitches encountered (only a few that doesnt even need to mention).So overall except for the stupid gang leaders who can detect you miles away and can't be fought 1 on 1 (you can only assasinate them in any way so no fist fight) game is 9/10.So definetely RECOMMENDED. Check DLCs also they help alot."
76561198062999925,Recommended,311560,21545273,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kaydehn,Improved AC4
,Recommended,311560,21667766,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,didler,"Overall a great game. Little slow in the middle, but then picks up greatly. This AC has a lot to do with ships. If you don't like  being a captain of ship, this game will surely change your mind."
,Recommended,311560,21772201,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,AlbertSSj,"Stupendous.At first it may seem a clone of black flag, but gameplay is way more refined and various.You have the same ladders to climb: ship, character, forts. But you have more way to achieve the goals and it never felt repetitive."
,Not Recommended,311560,21696533,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Kilroy,"Copy paste of Black Flag, poorly made with old or same mechanics and features along with a dead or usual storyline.Disappointing"
76561198001584035,Recommended,311560,21066877,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,BobMammoth,The first AC game I recommend since AC3. Good thing they decided to come back to the old AC style. Too bad the storyline is not as rich as the first games of the franchise. I was really disappointed when the game ended. I thought there was more to it.
,Recommended,311560,21143921,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,visnic,"Owned every physical copy of AC on consoles so I've been considering getting a PS3 or PC copy, then the 60% off showed up in my face, damn I'm getting the 60fps one... Mentally I'm prepared for a AC4 duplicate work, so the game itself does not disappoint me, most impressively a solid 60fps performance on my laptop feels really great during my gameplay, u know after all this years playing not-that-stable 30fps ACs on consoles...gameplay feels kinda the same as AC4, I spent 40h in AC4 so I enjoy the my first 8h in ACRo. Shay is a character that is more human(real) than ever, the struggle inside him is finely presentated, but my gameplay paused for a long time for some reason, I'll pick it up later. Btw the game supports Xbox One controller perfectly during gameplay, a solid 60fps and a responsive controller, what could u expect more if you are a console gamer on PC?"
76561198146205038,Recommended,311560,21165521,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Bigfoot0305,Great game better than AC unity and AC 3
76561198050352933,Recommended,311560,21166919,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ry.adam,"If you liked Black Flag you'll like Rogue. Lots of fantastic sea battles along with classic Assassin's Creed story line. Like Black Flag you have the interesting side mission content with Abstergo Enterprises which was good.It can get monotonous hunting for all the resources you require for crafting, but the alternative is that you could just buy them.Did have a few issues with game crashing, but after lowering some of the environment graphics settings it worked fine.Highly recommend this game if you like others in the franchise."
,Recommended,311560,20510787,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Pancakesyum!,"THIS is what AC3 SHOULD have been. Good stealth, fun sea battles. lots of things to do, an interesting world to explore, a wonderfully fresh story and perspective, and the story ties in with Unity and AC3. If you are an AC fan, or you were disappointed in AC3, then I seriously recommend picking this up. It is a good step in the right direction and I really enjoyed it. The only real problem I have with it is the ridiculous amount of arbitrary collectables that litter the world.All in all, $30 is a good price for the content it offers so go get it."
,Recommended,311560,20511131,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,turians,"I picked Rogue up during a Steam sale when it was 66% off, because I felt really let down by Unity. At first I didn't want to give the Assassin's Creed franchise another shot, but I'd heard good things about Rogue and seeing it was a year old already and quite a bargain I thought to myself, why the hell not. So I bought it and I don't regret it.You play as a templar this time, which is pretty interesting, though it took me a while to get along with that - I always really liked the assassins and betraying them felt kinda... awful. But I started to grow fond of Shay Comac, he's a bit of an idiot, but likeable. The story, too, is quite interesting - at least while you're in the animus. I never really cared much for the stuff you do at Abstergo.What I really enjoyed in Rogue was the map you got. They gave you all kinds of stuff to explore: you get New York City, the rich landscapes of the Riverlands and the icy cold North Atlantic with a lot of bad weather, fish to hunt and ships to board. I've loved Black Flag for its marine missions, and I wasn't let down by Rogue on that. I spent so much time on the water, because it just felt pretty damn good.However, Rogue, like any other of the latest Assassin's Creed games (though I haven't played Syndicate), is just that: an Assassin's Creed game. It's not really all that different. The only thing that makes it stand out from the others is the afore mentioned fact that you're a templar now. Ergo you have assassin's following you like all the time (which got annoying pretty soon, they aren't hard to find or to kill, but there's just so many of them, it bored me).Rogue isn't as special as it'd like to be, but still worth playing if you've liked previous AC games. They could have made the templar-thing more interesting, but it's still a nice game to spend your time on, especially if you're into sailing and discovering."
,Not Recommended,311560,20548846,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Fatal_Cyde,Good campain after nothing else to do
,Recommended,311560,20479614,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Spongus,"+Interesting and agreeable protagonist+more great Black Flag naval combat, wiht slight and welcome improvements+Beautiful snowy landscape+More content than meets the eye+Lots of things to collect, upgrade etc.+Welcome additions such as stalkers and gang hideouts+air rifle surprisingly useful+Fantastic perfomance+Playing as a Templar is a nice change of pace+actual ways to make money now-Shorter campaign than other AC games-Easy combat-A metric ton of reused Black Flag assets-While containing beautiful and cozy settings, the world can get bland-Hard to grow attached to characters in short timespan"
,Recommended,311560,20128999,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cromulon,"Assassin's Creed Rogue is a great prologue and/or prelouge between AC4 black flag and AC3. In AC rogue you take on an assassin called Shay and has actually been given a purpose and reasoning in the things he does (Unlike Connor in AC3) storyline. The story hasn't been so interesting in some time as the developers change things up (I don't want to give spoilers) for once in the AC franchise.Pro's:-Interesting story-Awesome naval combat (Same as AC4, which was great!)-Graphics are decent for last gen game-Variety of locations-Lots of historical people-The history has been adapted well (sort of)Con's:-Repetitive tasks, quests and dialogue-Popping issues-Boring locations (Imo) and a New york has been ported from AC3-UPLAY and crashes"
,Recommended,311560,21398069,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,silverfox0786,This turns out to be a rather pleasant version of AC. Rather enjoyed it and felt it a real shame that PS didn't get this version. It was nice to play the game with the tables turned. Gave me a new perspective to the game.
,Recommended,311560,21117172,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,BreakitBilly,"this game is phenominal, the charecter, shay cormac is the most complex one in the series, betrays his brotherhood because an event i shall not spoil that kills innocent people. The inner conflict in him is amazing, as well as the presentation. The ship controls are improved from black flag and parkour feels smooth as silk. Rogue also turns you to the templar porint of view, rather than the creeds porint of view, and after playing I wanted to side with the templars more than the assassins because they seemed to have a much more noble cause as oppose to simply freedom."
76561198039070004,Recommended,311560,21467474,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,unlimitednitro,"This game is actually quite good.It's pretty much AC 4 with a new set of Paint and a few minor changes, some for the better, some for the worse.The Story is surprisingly interesting and somewhat well written.Seriously, the marketing for this game was horrible and if you think:""They're just trying to make it edgy so that little 13 year olds buy it"" you'd be wrong.You play Shay who's supposed to become a fullfledged Assassin, but certain events happen which make him doubt that what he's doing is really for the good of humanity...This Game is what AC3 in my eyes should and could have been, a view into the Assassin's lifelong enemies, the Templar Order. A view that tells us what circumstances can lead a man into becoming a Templar, what drives him to kill people who he'd actually cared for and why we should stop thinking that there's only Good and Evil and no middleground.TL;DR: AC4 with other locations, better Story and minor changes.If you can pick it up during a sale it'll definetly be worth your time and money."
76561198042068975,Recommended,311560,28092114,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ice 🍻 Ice 🍻,the father of understanding has led me to this amazing game
,Recommended,311560,28078944,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Yolo Swaggins,"Best story any AC game has ever had... also you play as a templar rather than an assassin, its cheap and so much better than any of the newer ACs."
76561198276865568,Recommended,311560,28084476,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Falky,My favoritt Assassins Creed game. I really like Theconcept.
76561198313098749,Recommended,311560,28090325,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,treyisawesome92,Assassins creed rogue is a great game. it is verry excitting and it is challenging but at the same time it is fun. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a game where it challenges you but still have fun. it does get hard so i wouldnt recommend it to people that get mad easy.
,Recommended,311560,28093239,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lord Bonanza,"This game is great.  Kind of like a Black Flag expansion pack with some AC3 influence as well.  Definitely worth a playthrough, and you won't be disappointed like you might have been from the other recent Assassin's Creed games."
,Recommended,311560,28098892,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Draiez,"Pretty much Assasin's Creed Black Flag, and black flag was awsome so yeah."
76561198208327169,Recommended,311560,27904756,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,EyeAmTheSenat3,"Assassin's Creed Black Flag 1.5The major game critics are off by a long shot, this game is actually great.Pros:-just like Black Flag (if it ain't broke, don't fix it)-literally combines BF and AC3-play as Templar instead of Assassin-gorgeous game-actually quite big-sets up Unity nicely-gameplay still stands, with some minor touches to make things differentCons:-little character development. Usually I'd brush this off but this issue was so major in the game that it detracted from the overall experience.-the plot doesn't feel like it goes anywhere.8/10. It's a bloody good time."
76561198031205283,Recommended,311560,27908525,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,dashman38,Great game good graphics would rate 10/10 would nominate for an award.
,Recommended,311560,21288074,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mah name mah jeffff.,love this game.great character and storyline.kinda like ac4
,Recommended,311560,28450145,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,HungIzKool,"like AC4, but better..."
76561198216827193,Recommended,311560,26588587,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,_aloobarber,"Enjoyable, but completley nonsensical. It's essentially just Ac3 with Black flag's naval exploration, accompanied by an interesting, but completley silly plot."
76561198272167650,Recommended,311560,28458307,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,BROKEN THUMBS,Pros:good weaponsgood gameplayless glitchesgood storyu get to be a TemplarCons:story too shortRecommend
,Recommended,311560,28355561,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Aquarius,"A worthy ""sequel"" to Black Flag. If you enjoyed the pirate loop gameplay of Black Flag this is more of it, but this time instead of the sweltering tropics you're in the snowy North Atlantic coast, the Hudson River Valley, and New York City. The maps are chock full of the usual trademark Ubisoft open world busywork (arguably to pad the short story) but this time around you get to see the other side of things by playing a Templar. Graphically it looks about as good as it can on the aged engine before the one Unity uses came out, but it runs very, very smoothly.Some interesting changes include being boarded by the enemy and ramming is sort of an 'ability' now. Instead of just sailing toward a ship you can 'use' the ram and your ship will charge at great speed, sort of like El Impoluto did to to you in Black Flag. The burning oil is also nice and more fun to use than Black Flag's explosive barrels. Shanties of course return but sometimes the game just loves to throw wind gusts at you so many times which cancels the singing, a minor annoyance. Instead of Black Flag's blowpipe you get an air rifle of sorts that provides the same function of darts as well as a grenade launcher with things like exploding gas grenades that can berserk a crowd of guards, or just use shrapnel grenades. In the end, much like Black Flag, the games leaves you wishing Ubisoft would have just committed to making the premise of these two games into their own series sans the Assassin's Creed plot and universe.As we all know with Ubisoft games comes Uplay, so as usual before installing this game, make sure you download Uplay from the Uplay site first and foremost and get it completely updated, make an account, an optionally link it to Steam if you haven't already. Then just leave it open and install the game as your normally would and it should do everything for you. If you have played the other AC games on Uplay you get some additional unlocks like Altair and Ezio outfits."
76561197970490080,Recommended,311560,28364354,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Longshanks,"A wholly singular experience mottled by Uplay and a few directional glitches.  Everything good from Black Flag and as far as I can recall, nothing bad.  In fact, I'd go so far as to say that if you have neither games, buy this one and don't even bother with Black Flag.  Is Black Flag an amazing game?  Yes.  Is this game better, gameplay-wise, yes.  Black Flag got us started on this particular AC gameplay, Rogue perfected it.  I played Black Flag twice as long, but mostly because all the cool things in Rogue came from Black Flag first and so I knew them all thoroughly.A big con is still the crafting system.  Every island that claims it has a certain type of animals never seems to spawn them.  And crafting ammunition is tedious and one-dart-by-one-dart.  What a waste.A big pro is naval battles seem better than ever.  Even with a brig, a step down from Edward Kenway's Frigate, being super tricked out has never felt so advantagious.  Amazing pitched battles and enemies boarding your ship will really put you in the moment.Story ended quicker than I liked but mostly because I didn't do all the side quests.  Definitely the most fresh approach to an AC game since they started the franchise.  More than worth it on sale.  Loads of content."
76561197970940010,Recommended,311560,30972516,Posted: 5 April,all,meepyl,"If you like♥♥♥♥♥and Creed, and Black flag, then you will like the new game from Nissan."
,Recommended,311560,28232374,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,HUGOOO,"Bravo, best assassin ever for laptops."
,Recommended,311560,28484658,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,hobnob,"Really great game that rounds off the America series of AC games. Has all the elements of AC3 and ACBF which made them great. Parkour lines are great and controls seem to be more responsive than previous games. Great epilogue to the Kenway story, and a fantastic prologue to Arno in AC Unity. Ties the games together very well."
,Recommended,311560,28556460,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Petrugon,"If you have played AC4, then this game is quite easy, because it has the same controls as Black Flag. The story is actually quite short, but when the story is over, you have a lot of play-time to do other things. In the story, Shay is an Assassin, but when a city is destroyed because of him, he joines the Templars. This gives you new enemies and new opportunities and new looks for your ship. I recommend this game, because there are almost no cons for this game. I personally didn't want to join the Templars, but when I saw what the intentions were of the Assassin Brotherhood, I actually wanted to be like Edward Kenway. I gave the look of the Jackdaw to my ship and killed everyone."
,Recommended,311560,25373756,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,filipe torres,Sincerely ? this game was my favorite of the AC series.I loved the fact that at least once we can live on the skin of a Templar.The story made sense was not just a cliche as the others.9/10
,Recommended,311560,31141723,Posted: 14 April,all,EdgarSilva,The Story is amazing like in all of the ac titles but there are to many collectebles and to litle story line time to enjoy
,Recommended,311560,24150558,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Olli-S,5/5 enjoyed alot. Also the references to other Assassin's Creed games were nice.
76561198109858979,Recommended,311560,24124719,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kalimonde,One AC decent game to be fond of...  7.5/10.0Highlights:- The Rogue story is a good conclusion to the Kenway arc- The Atlantic and the River Valley are beautiful elements reminiscent of AC IV- So many extra things to do...Criticism:- Returning to NY was redundant- The main story was rather short- Present story was a bit weak
76561198095500871,Recommended,311560,21306499,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,64hoops,"With many AC fans being disappointed in the next generation AC Unity (I have not yet played Unity), Rogue in my opinion is a solid large expansion to AC 3 and Black. But the game is still plagued with the usual bad A.I and took a step back with taking away some of the creative puzzles that I enjoyed from previous AC games. With a creative story that gives you different perspectives of the Templars and the Assassins, this story shows that Ubisoft still knows how to make creative adventures that will keep you playing (Although the plot does get predictable towards the end) . Also it is cool to see some of my favorite characters from AC 3 and Black Flag make a return to the series. While I do have to say that there are some new weapons and combat mechanics (Grenade Launcher, Being Boarded by ships, New Ship Weapons) that make the game more fun, Rogue is more of a mix of AC 3 and Black Flag. If you did not enjoy those two games, do not buy Rogue. But if you enjoyed any one of the two, I recommend Rogue as your AC game this year (since there is not one coming out the year 2016). Just remember that this game is way shorter than previous AC games. If you are new to the franchise, I recommend starting out with Black Flag or some of the earlier non ship games (Brotherhood,AC 2) to find your preference.7.5/10Recommended for AC 3 and Black Flag fans"
76561198072891562,Recommended,311560,28665394,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Booker,Amazing game and machanics only problem I had is where when you open the stores it soimetimes becomes blank and you can't get out therefore you have single player game to date!
,Recommended,311560,28655430,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,icerouther,"As many have stated before me: There is quiet a big simularity to AC4, when it comes to gameplay mechanics.I'd argue there is a bit less focus on naval combat, then in AC4. However instead of the West Indies, with their Tropical Climate, you get two areas with a diffrent climate zone each to explore with your ship The river valley and the North Atlantic (I'd say both of these combined are a bit smaller than the carribean sea in AC4, but offer more variety in terms of visuals). When it comes to overall ammount of content, it's a bit less than the before mentioned, but should still last for a good 12 hours. (This is only following the main questline, without straying from the path to much by doing side activities. I'd guess you can easily spend 40-50 hours if you do all the side activities aswell).The gameplay remains the same for the most part, with a few exceptions: For examples Enemy ships can now also attempt to enter your ship, instead of it only beeing possible the other way around. On land there are now assassins trying to hunt you down. This works simular to the multiplayer mode featured in previous AC games. In terms of gadgets, you get pretty much everything you got in AC4 with the addition of a grenade launcher that can fire 3 diffrent types of grenades. (berserk, sleep, and standard frag grenades) Other than that everything remains the same.For once the Story is actually beeing told from the opposite side: The Templars. And puts a bit more light on the motives behind their actions. Rather than them just beeing the bad guys that want to control the world. I'd say it's a interesting story that fills the timeline of the AC-Universe with events between AC4 and AC3, aswell as AC:U.So basicly I think if you like other AC Games, you'll like this one. It's a good game, unlike that other ""spin-off-game"" Assassin's Creed Liberation, which is really bad compared to all the other entries in the series."
76561198014041444,Recommended,311560,28543190,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Boris_Slavosk,"Good story, around 5 hours maybe, then 20 hours for collecting everythings. It fill a gap between AC IV and III (So, between Edward and Connor)."
76561198010423104,Recommended,311560,28573433,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,AcMaiden,"This is a mix of AC3 + Black flag. Story happens few decades before AC3 and the ending is right where Unity starts, so it fill some gaps. Unfortunately, it was pretty predictable and short. I hopped to get at least a little mission in the city of Quebec or maybe even Montreal (Ubisoft's home city) but Lisbone and Paris were chosen instead. The combat is the same from Back Flag and it's really getting old and clumsy if you compare to Shadow of Mordor. It just feel like they wanted to pump one last game from that engine to squeeze every last dollars they could.I'd recommend only for big AC fans. This one is  average compared to others."
,Recommended,311560,28341479,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DannyRodriguez,It sure felt great to get back on board that ship again!The question of who's right and who's wrong between the assassins and templars is something I've been thinking about since right around Revelations when Ezio was about to kill Manuel Palaiologos. Some of his arguments sounded pretty reasonable and I didn't think he deserved being called a monster for it. All in all who's to say who is right and who is wrong. Maybe they're both right in their own ways.In Rogue you actually get to see how the other half lives and I found it equally sympathetic as the assassin side in several respects. I found it quite interesting and I hope to see more of this in the future.The game itself is a bit rough and plays more like an expansion pack to Black Flag rather  than an actual full game.
,Recommended,311560,28741119,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Krabs,"Do you like Assassin's Creed? Do you want to play AC3/AC4 again, but with a different plot? Play this. Recently, AC has made people worried about glitchy, unplayable games. This is one of the most polished games in the series.What's new in this version: You play as a Templar for most of the game, so you have to dodge assassins for the last third of the game. That means you'll bewalking around and an assassin will jump out of a bush, or off a roof, and they'll do pretty heavy damage if they hit.  There are also sidequests to protect people who are getting targeted by a bunch of assasins. Both of these new things are fun, and appreciatied. They also made all of the shiny collectibles easier to get. There were very very few collectibles that were frustrating to get, and I think I 100% all of the shiny things.But it still has some of the old problems: You also still have the overpowered blow gun from AC3, but now it's an air gun. But now you have a grenade launcher to go with it. Shrapnel grenades, sleep grenades, beserk grenades. I didn't enjoy this. AC has had a problem where it acts like a stealth game, but it doesn't always play like one. This has gotten worse as the series as progressed. If you are mediocre at brawlers, you can fight off about as many enemies as they can throw at you. There aren't a lot of rewards for actually sneaking, or for avoiding killing anyone. OH, and the end credits are STILL unskippable."
,Recommended,311560,28852909,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,OP3L,"Broad scope: it's Black Flag re-skinned (FPS parts as a employee of Abstergo, ship upgrading, armor and item crafting, and item collecting).  Obviously not a bad thing for those who consider the Black Flag the series' best.The story is short and a novelty at best.  Assuming the role of a Templar is what makes the story engaging, not the writing.  The game will be engaging for those who are invested in the series overall story and compulsive need to collect everything and 100% each location.  nd ties up the Assassin Creed III and IV story line.As previously stated the game is short, about 4 to 6 hours.  The game can be substantialy extended by collecting each item and 100%ing each location.  100% sync provides minimal addition to storyline, fleshes out things already known at best.Highly recommeneded for those who loved Black Flag.Recommended for those invested in the series over arching story as this game ends where Unity begins."
,Recommended,311560,28931434,Posted: 1 January,all,G1NGER M1TTENS,"If you're like me - you absolutely hate all of the non-animus ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you have to put up with to keep playing the protagonist's story line...... it's the same in this game too..... They are still going with the ABSTERGO ENTERTAINMENT or whatever front they created to distract from the fun stuff. I don't like it. I don't even like playing as the modern assassins in syndicate or any of the other AC games.That was the big negative for me with this game so far.The other - rushed intro. I know this game didnt even premier at 60 dollars, i'm guessing because of it's ""Assassin's creed story"" feel, meaning - not full game, just a different taste (kind of like Star Wars Rogue One). But anyway, the intro feels super rushed. You play for five minutes and suddenly you've already got your blades, swords, and ship that can easilly take on enemy boats (for now of course). I really liked black flag and I have a feeling they didnt break the mold with this game so I'll probably enjoy this one too. Just those two negatives for now."
,Recommended,311560,29118865,Posted: 8 January,all,//Vánagandr.hnd,"In my opinion, if you like Black Flag you will like Rogue. It's pretty much, gameplay wise, the same thing with a bit more added onto."
76561197994487763,Recommended,311560,29130016,Posted: 8 January,all,rollinglight,"AC: Rogue is much like AC: Black Flag 2.0 - except the main story is far shorter, and all the sidequesting is ultimately pointless unless you want to upgrade your ship.  However you don't need that many upgrades to beat the main storyline.Still, the story is decent and we get to see the Templars and Assassins from the other side.  You also see more of the setup to AC: III.Should you get this? I would say so if you like the Assassin's Creed series, enjoyed Black Flag but want more ""pirate-simulator"" or love getting lots of collectables.Don't get this if you're expecting a big thirilling main story, or if you didn't like AC: Black Flag."
,Recommended,311560,28970067,Posted: 3 January,all,Takeover,"I would recommend this to anyone who likes the Assassin's Creed series, more specifically anyone who enjoyed Assassin's Creed 4, because Rogue is basially more of that but better. For the first time ever, you get to play as a Templar and get to hunt down Assassins. It plays just the same as AC4, but with some added features to make the game feel fresh and different."
,Recommended,311560,28946975,Posted: 2 January,all,Slavsy,"If you liked black flag, play this. If you haven't played an AC game ever, start with 2 then play 4, then this. You won't be dissapointed! Just be sure to skip AC 1, 3, and Unity. Each have their own flaws and are best skipped imo!"
,Recommended,311560,28954262,Posted: 2 January,all,Akko,Definitely better than unity
76561198007276953,Recommended,311560,29009529,Posted: 4 January,all,Blackinvicti,"Ok, in this age of Steam sales, I must say, this is the first game I have finished in YEARS.AC3 on Xbox: Damn kids deleted my save, wasn't about to go back in time there. Time is whiskey!AC Black Flag: Uplay took some kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and didnt save any of my progress (I am in Japan, something happened about a year ago where they consolidated un-♥♥♥♥ed themselves? matters not, lost 50+ percent of my save on Black Flag, and didn't want to go back!)Then I discover this gem in a Steam Holiday bundle....I am a mature man and haven't had a game keep me up till 3:30 to the point that my wife is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at me the following day like this for YEARS.Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ a fort, oh damn, some chests, oh, is that an Indian village?!Open world rules the day. Just wish I would have ♥♥♥♥ed off from the main quest more. Won't make that mistake with AC Syndicate (also in the bundle :)..)Can't recommend this game enough, worth every penny!"
,Recommended,311560,29025789,Posted: 4 January,all,CheeseCake,This Game is the best AC game I have ever played! It has all the good stuff from the old game from AC2 & ACB. Good Game after Black Flag with better mechanics and with so many ways too execute a mission with so many tools...
,Recommended,311560,24056803,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Yukirin,"Nice story. Nice game play. Although most engine is similar to Black Flag, but it's improved. Recommended."
,Recommended,311560,24054282,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,HandsomeLost,"Another pretty solid game in AC series.+Runs smoothly,+Impressive in-game frame rate,+Improved ship battle,+Great story,+Badass weapons,+Better than Unity10/10 would become a templar again."
,Recommended,311560,24095601,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DemonicGnome,If you liked black flag you will love this. Not as big as black flag but it is a little better in my opinion because it feels like they  meshed AC3 and black flag together. Has black flags naval combat mechanics and AC3 world.
76561198072008836,Recommended,311560,24092960,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,eagleclaw899,"Assassin's Creed: Rogue is a fairly short title with only 6 sequences, however the game makes up for that with lots of content and activities, an interesting albeit short storyline, gorgeous settings of Colonial New York, the Candaian Frontier and the North Atlantic,  a fantastic soundtrack and a perfect blend of features from the older A.C. titles (such as gang strongholds) as well as features from the newer titles (the ship combat of AC4).The game isnt without issue, there are odd bugs and glitches and some of the free running is annoying when it doesnt work the way you want it to. But in comparison to a game it released alongside (AC:Unity) the bugs that plague the game are very minor and don't affect gameplay significantly.In Conclusion, I would highly recommend this game as it provides a high quality and fun experience, despite it's lack of length, Rogue makes up for that in Quality, over extensiveness."
,Recommended,311560,24017422,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Big Daddy,"_Assassins creed: Rogue_(There are no spoilers)Okay so here we go this game was a difficult one to make other people may say ""no its not its built of the same engine as assassins creed 4 you stoopid"" welll no not like that as in the story was particularly hard to create and henseforth short. Now it being short isnt actually a bad thing because its short and sweet plain and simple. But the reason it was difficult to make is because they made it after Edward Kenway But before Conner Kenway and doing that is hard because conner is only edwards grandson making the time between that kind of hard to make but still pulled through.Allright you play as Shay Cormac an assassin who discovers he doesnt belong in the assassins (reason i will not give because its a spoiler) and long story short starts working for the templars. Now shay is equipped with his standard hidden blades, a cutlas and a smaller sword, two pistols, rope darts, and his very special rifle now in the trailer its an actual gun but in game its a dart gun bassically kind of dumb but it gets good range so kind of creative, and last but not least Shays vessle ""The Morrigan"" not quite a frigate but not a brig either. Its just a bit smaller than the jackdaw and honestly not the best name either i mean Jackdaw sounds rigid sounds like a good name for a ship but Morrigan (MORE-I-GAN) gross.in conclusion though the story being short is kind of a negative but its the only one that i have_Preformance_Okay this game runs like a dream you dont actually need a high tech pc to run this i have an intel i3 dual core with 2.8 GHz and 4gb of ram and i was running this on ultra at 55-53 frames a second not bad at all. Speaking of graphics the game looks beutiful, it looks amazing._Conclusion_With this game being just a little too short brings this game down But they really didnt have a lot of space since this game was both a sequel and a prequel. And even being short this game is amazing its like a breath of fresh air so many side things that you can do too. The only other negative is the price its a bit too much. So yes i reccomend this game only if its on sale though.-Big Daddy"
,Recommended,311560,23889758,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Theminman,"Imagine Assassins Creed 4s gameplay in Assassins Creed 3s world, but well optimized, and you have this game. It's a bit short, but on a sale its definitely worth it."
,Not Recommended,311560,32448027,Posted: 15 June,all,8-bit gamer da first,really ubisoft? this game is pretty fun but its just like black flag and i dont like wasting my time playing this game when i could be playing black flag thats why if you have black flag i do not recommend this game its a waste of money
76561198086297675,Recommended,311560,33493911,Posted: 12 July,all,DeathStarr94,"I've been a lover of the Assassin's Creed franchise for a while. Each game has such a unique story and the details (graphics, etc) get significantly better each time. I'll be honest Black Flag was a little tough for me to get through but it was the story line that sucked me in, and that's what Rogue did for me as well. The story of Shay and his transformation from Assassin to Assassin hunter had me hooked and it almost made me question the previous games I played as to whether or not I was actually doing good...or bad through the eyes of an assassin.As everyone is entitled to their own opinion, so am I. I loved Rogue and I would highly recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,311560,33532889,Posted: 14 July,all,random people,"Good graphic, good gameplay, and not bad in story"
,Recommended,311560,33498089,Posted: 13 July,all,Fracture,"It's a solid game, but it isn't really worth full price. I'd suggest getting it during a sale. The core gameplay is lifted from the series' previous installment, Assassin's Creed: Black Flag, so there's little change in that area except for a few minor additions like the Seven Years' War setting with a templar protagonist. The story sounds intriguing, but the whole moral complexity thing isn't all that well developed. The modern day storyline is moved forward just an inch, with its faceless protagonist still walking around server rooms.I'm a little surprised that this is a standalone game, since its improvements and/or changes on the previous game are so minor that it feels more like a DLC. The game takes ~5 hours less to beat than the other main titles (but has ~5 more than Freedom Cry, Black Flag's actual DLC).I played this after Unity, so I was in for a bit of an emotional surprise, but now I think it is more enjoyable to follow this order (despite the disparity in gameplay between the two)."
76561198085717853,Recommended,311560,32150945,Posted: 3 June,all,Yun,"Assassin's Creed 4.5: The Wet and Cold ModFor some reasons, the Assassins don't believe in you when you tell them that collecting the ancient Dragon Balls is a bad idea. When they are unsuccessful in murdering you 30-to-1, you team up with the Templars, and undo everything you did in AC4: Black Flag. It's cold.If you liked Black Flag, but hate global warming, here you go."
76561198041695875,Recommended,311560,14937312,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Milk Man,"Although its short and reuses a lot of assets from Black Flag, it is still a very fun game.  The enviorments are very similar to those of Assassin's Creed 3.  As for the sailing you have two maps,  one that is a confined river and an open sea like Black Flags,  If you liked Black Fkag you will like this game."
76561198039057193,Recommended,311560,32038168,Posted: 29 May,all,Crowex,"Bought it for 20 euros, well worth the money. However, it still has recycled material from previous games and is still very much the Assasssin's Creed we all know. Rogue feels optimized though and plays well, so buy it when it's on a sale."
,Recommended,311560,32863909,Posted: 27 June,all,The Big Bad Wolf,"Hey, if you're wondering if AC Rogue is worth it I might be able to help.Before anything I'd like to state that this is my opinion but I'll try to remain neutral despite my personal likes.I'll go in depth in some points but if you want the TL;DR version just read the last lines.So what is it? Another AC with boats?...                      Well... Yes... But with templars and a new story!Here's a pro's and con's from my experience:Pros:- Great and enjoyable naval fights and commands in general.- Various customization options- Great lore and really catchy story.- Loads of exploration- Enjoyable stealth and agressive play-styles.- Lots of collectablesCons:- No online mode- Only one ship available- After completing the main quests the game feels repetitive.- Some bugs.So, in my opinion it's a great game, a 7/10 with really rich story-telling and amazing naval system. I feel a bit biased since I've always dreamt about a game that gave us the power to sail and wreck havoc in the seas like a true pirate and even tho Assassin's Creed Black Flag captured that essence this game feels new.Also being a lore-geek the plot was well done and immersive in terms of giving you some insight into the templar side of the AC universe. There's a lot of exploring and side quests to do and this can be a good thing or a bad thing. I do enjoying hunting down every last piece of content but that's me. Once the main quest-line is done you're left with side objectives that drag you from random place to random place with not much else to do. With such an amazing system I'd like to see some online action but there's none at all so don't count on that.Would I recommend it? Yes! It's a great game, a 7/10 even if you're not an AC fan but you are into naval fights and exploring, there's no online mode tho, but it's okay since there's so much to do and the lore is very catchy."
,Recommended,311560,32865300,Posted: 27 June,all,Weeaboid Shkreli 3000 ✡,"I use to say that this was the third best AC game, behind 4 and 2 of course. Though after having played it again I have to say that I was completely wrong, this is the best AC game. Of course it has the handful of glitches you find in every AC game, this one offers a handful of new mechanics, a slightly more interesting story, and the ship combat. 9/10 for pirates"
,Recommended,311560,32901079,Posted: 27 June,all,Commander Covfefe,i make my own luck
,Recommended,311560,32964027,Posted: 28 June,all,The Night Man,"I've played most of the AC games, and this is my favorite. The story is really unique, it has some great cameos of characters from other games (Haytham, Adewale, etc.), and Shay is a really good character. Overall, really enjoyed it. 8/10 just because the real world story isn't that exciting."
,Recommended,311560,29146720,Posted: 9 January,all,EH71,"Exceeded my expectation.I think AC Rogue has the advantages and fun of AC3 and AC4 combined to be the proper successor of the series. It could be a simple replication with just a few functional upgrades, which would have ended up great disappointment.Pros: I enjoyed the wild nature of North America in nice graphics, the best BGM of all AC series, and the story connected to the predecessors.Cons: Hunt, harpoon, and naval battle are somewhat simplified. It makes sense considering the different environment, situation, and dramatic configurations from those of AC3 and 4, but it's true that the fun is also limited."
76561198048513139,Recommended,311560,29145026,Posted: 9 January,all,Jorrit,A Nice chance of pace. Get to hear the story from the other side.
76561198033445602,Recommended,311560,27865643,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Michael Wittmann,"Excellent game, absolutely fantastic! Finally naval combat is back! :D <3If you loved Black Flag (as I did) then you'll love Rogue aswel! Its in a sense Black Flag 1.5I rate it 4.5 stars ****1/2(It would have gotten 5 ***** stars if the sequences would have been a bit longer, the storyline is fairly short compaired to Black Flag)"
76561198272599830,Recommended,311560,28426967,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,THIJSBELD,Long story short. WHERE TO FIND MY CD KEY OR ACTIVATION CODE
76561198349597308,Recommended,311560,28239899,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,tommytopas,Everithing from Black Flag + more Assassins/Templars things + more weapons + more environments + more gameplay
,Recommended,311560,31049950,Posted: 9 April,all,spartantaco117,"I have played this game on PC for enough time to say that it is almost exactly on par with the console version. Not to say thats a bad thing. I bought it out of nostalgia and have been enjoying it instead of even modern games like Battlefield 1 and CoD Black Ops 3 and even the newer two Assassin's Creeds on Xbox One. The only real advantage to this game on PC i see really is the better texture quality and higher frame rate. I'm playing on a last generation (two year old) ASUS ROG laptop which i purchased for college and I've rarely encountered frame drops or animation failures. The story ironically is one of my favorites in the AC universe as it delves into points furthered in the books that the Assassins and Templars are simply two sides of one destiny, so of course I loved the replay, and the added bonus of the kickstart by getting the special eddition helped. In short, on PC the game plays wonderfully with only occasional frame rate drops and minor glitches that often right themselves after a minute or two."
76561198353853242,Recommended,311560,31005185,Posted: 7 April,all,Barpunikus,Yea it's a good game but after almost an hour of gameplay it crashed my PC and decided to uninstall itself... So thats ok I guess. D:
,Recommended,311560,22465364,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,SardonicHedgehog,"No amount of collectibles can compensate for this this game's lack of setting, but the collectibles do give you abilities that make the game more fun to play. And being an AC game, this is fun  (despite the series' signature frustrations). A weak AC game, but still an enjoyable experience."
76561198152749606,Recommended,311560,31454733,Posted: 29 April,all,ocaoyy,Pros:+Easy to run+Decent Graphics+Pretty large open world+A new take on the Templars Vs AssassinsCons:-Short Story-Gets Repetitive fast (especially if you've played other AC games or Ubi games in general)Get it on sale.
76561198009430218,Recommended,311560,31360135,Posted: 25 April,all,JacoRay,"Assassin's Creed Rogue was pretty good. I actually liked it more than I was expecting to. And I think that is largely because of the varying ways you can explore the world. I can't say if I liked it more than Unity or not, as the story is pretty short. If you're not doing any of the side content, naval missions, running around and clearing areas of Assassin gangs, the story could probably be beat in just under six hours. But because it's just like the more recent Assassin's Creed gangs, where there's various side quests and all of this exploring and collecting treasures, you can spend a lot of time playing this game. I got to the point where I did tire myself from constantly going from location to location, collecting treasures, sea shanty lyrics, prosperity (raises your income), renovating buildings, treasure maps, and I think it's because they tried to fill in as much as they could. It just got repetitive after a while. It would have been nice if Ubisoft actually utilized all of these locations they'd made for the seperate worlds instead of just throwing them there and adding all of these collectables. Outside of the main story, some of these locations are completely pointless and don't require a second visit. That's my main issue with this game, the surmounting amount of locations that are ultimately irrelevant.The story is pretty good. I liked it. I liked the different perspective of how treacherous the Assassins can be, how they'll want to stop the Templars by any means, and to secure the precursor items even if it means destroying a city. That's how Shay Cormac ends up betraying the Assassins; after he's sent to Lisbon to acquire a precursor box, the great Lisbon earthquake of 1751 happens, and the destruction is similar to how it actually did happen in real life. The entire city's infrastructure is destroyed and lopsided, and it angers Shay. After being shot in the back by his fellow Assassins, he falls off a cliff and is left for dead. But the Templars save him and nurture him back to health. Although the Templars can be ruthless, it shows that they do show sympathy and empathy. The story is also great as it covers, at least it tries to cover, the French-Indian War of the 1750's. They could have done a better job of referring to some of the missions and campaigns though. If you do take over the number of forts in the North Atlantic and the River Valley, then you do get a perspective of how it was mostly a naval war, but defeating those forts is pretty much optional. The main story doesn't require it. Still, I did nearly everything, defeated every fort, went to every viewpoint.The world's design, well, I have complaints. The north Atlantic is okay. They at least tried to design Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, New Brunswick, and the southern shore of Quebec, and the various small islands in the area. But it's scaled down so much and the only relevant areas are, more or less, Halifax, St. John's, and Anticosti, plus some of the wilderness areas. It's not and the area is quite big in terms of square miles, not as big as the West Indies in Black Flag, obviously, but still kind of big. The textures are nice. I definitely liked the weather system. It was a lot better than the River Valley area, which was my biggest complaint in this game. I don't know who laid out that area, but they should be fired. I've never seen something so dumb. It's a stupid combustion of river valley land in a square, that ranges from Mount Vernon, Virginia, to southern Quebec. None of that makes sense. Mount Vernon is directly west of Sleepy Hollow, NY. And Sleepy Hollow is basically just west-south-west of Albany, NY. Who designed this? I live not to far from the Genesee river and have explored most of its length and I can tell you that the Genesee region shown in the game looks nothing like how it should. There are high mountains in what should be the Catskills, but the Catskills look nothing like how they do in the game. Hell, they threw in some landmarks on some made up geography in scattered locations, some of them cities that aren't accurate to history, and called it a day. This is basically the opposite of what Ubisoft does for their other games. They've at least attempted to treat cities with some historical accuracy. What they did in the River Valley was a joke. It's not like the story in the River Valley part was bad, just awful design.Overall, this game was good, but not great. 7.9/10"
76561198278353261,Recommended,311560,31343482,Posted: 24 April,all,IA,"I really like this game, it has compelling story and nice graphics!"
76561198082290575,Recommended,311560,31500052,Posted: 1 May,all,krimsalt_,"Good story, great compliment to Black Flag, and good connection between the AC games that take place in the colonies versus revolutionized Europe.They added some fixes to some annoyances in Black Flag, but they also aded new annoyances, so ultimately it's not any different qualitatively.Of coures it suffers from the traditional Ubisoft glitches, I had a couple CTDs, and the occasional glitch in game with enemies not spawning properly and whatnot. For the price, it's well worth it!"
,Recommended,311560,31534509,Posted: 3 May,all,Speirs333®,Black Flag expansion YOU GET TO PLAY AS A ♥♥♥♥ING TEMPLAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198091667287,Recommended,311560,33042995,Posted: 30 June,all,Oppai Sensei,this game was ok in my opinion. brotherhood and revelation was by far better than this.
,Recommended,311560,33088844,Posted: 1 July,all,CallMeMuffinMan,Loved it! Was a nice change
,Recommended,311560,33130609,Posted: 2 July,all,dragonBEL,nice game and the twists in the story make it different from other titles
76561198076496148,Recommended,311560,33051619,Posted: 30 June,all,The Lone Wolf,Fun game a lot like black flag. 10/10
,Recommended,311560,33053629,Posted: 30 June,all,TotallyNotME,"The Game itsself is really good, the story is also really well told. The con, however, is that there isn't much to do besides the main game. You can try to replay the mein story, but other than that it is not a really long term game."
76561198317354521,Recommended,311560,33702250,Posted: 21 July,all,mlam,"For me , this game even better than Assassin Creed 4 in term of story and gameplay. I know it doesn't have lot of changes from the ac4 engine but i do like the way it is a further improvement. I bought it from steam sale and it is definitely worth it. Come on... i mean ac4 freedom cry dlc is like 14.99 and this is only 15.99? The story is kind of short but it is very intense. Assassin creed game mission is like all copy and paste in some way so a short mission story sounds good to me. I have played it once on console and now just replay it for the second time to complete all the challenges and exploring cities. I am not going to comment on the detail on shay story...9/10For someone want their games look even better , i recommend a sweetfx for ac roguehttps://sfx.thelazy.net/games/preset/3139/"
,Recommended,311560,33901402,Posted: 30 July,all,Star Rats,It has a good combat system although I feel that the main game is quite short.
,Recommended,311560,33907518,Posted: 30 July,all,jOrA,"After spending some time fully finishing the game I can say that this is not the best Assassin game.It's a copy of previous 'Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag'.You have exactly the same ship and all upgrades for it are the same. This time, however, you are at the time of America Seven Year war.Developers did add some minor changes so I guess I should talk about them. Instead of only forts, you havebandit campsas well which are forts on land. There's also an only land locationNew Yorkwhich has a new enemy type spy.They hide and then surprise attack bringing your health to around 5%. The game warns you that there's a spy by whispering. Also, you can see them when you are using eagle vision. If you throw coins they will come out.There's also change in the sea location. There are icebergs which will damage your ship until you upgrade it but you can destroy them with your cannons.Finally last bit of negative, buildings have poor textures and look horible even on max settings and you and your enemies can stuck in textures easily especially near mountains. The only way to get out is to restart your game either by restarting the whole game or there's a new option now you can exit to 'Abstergo's office' at any time and that will solve the issue too.Generally, this is an average game, I would say 4.5/10. I would still recommend but get it only if you really want to play because the first hour is really boring and if it's on sale."
76561198404154472,Recommended,311560,33910263,Posted: 30 July,all,vincedgiuliano,One of the best assassins creeds I have played
76561198006409910,Recommended,311560,33799443,Posted: 25 July,all,Legion1183,"One of my favorite Assassins Creed Games, I aboslutely loved playing as the Templars for a change and being hunted and hunting the Assassins. I would almost rather see another game like this following the story of the Templars instead of the Assassins for a change it was really well executed the way this game played out."
76561198051570812,Recommended,311560,33842052,Posted: 27 July,all,Shu Jitsu,"Hello all! AC:R is an excellent game and definitely radical in it's story. I actually liked being the templar. The game flips the script on the assassins in a revealing way. For the first time in the series I actually didn't like the assassins. Story telling was that good! In the end, it really was up to you to decide if you were evil/good based on your perception of the overall story plot. I LOVED THAT! Game mechanics was pretty standard (which I prefer). Decently large world with an endgame--legendary ship battles. Enjoy!"
76561197966105913,Recommended,311560,33793688,Posted: 25 July,all,Revixy,One of the more interesting Assassins Creed games I've played.9/10.
,Recommended,311560,34529281,Posted: 27 August,all,Flying Chef,"I absolutely love this rogue. This was my first AC game to play. I remember how i didnt understand things about assassin's creed (cus this wasnt the first game that was made). And I love how he switches to the templars. the story is great. and haythem is in here which makes everything so much better (cus hes the most badass templar). I don't understand why people can be so negative on this game, its great! they're probably the kind of ""fans"" that only play what they want, and dont appreciate ubisofts work. I do. Even though this isn't the best ac game in the franchise its definitely very high on the list. Thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,311560,34474410,Posted: 24 August,all,Ying,Just Awesome
76561198094786022,Recommended,311560,33986931,Posted: 3 August,all,Von Harley,A wonderful sister game to Assassins Creed Black Flag. Has a story that actually grips you and pulls you into a side that you rarely ever get to see. Has a rather short amount of story sequances but they pack quite a punch and don't over extend their welcome. 20$ is a bit much for this game though so it would be rather well spent on Black Flag but still consider getting this game when on sale.
,Recommended,311560,34029177,Posted: 4 August,all,Vampire Guy,"I beat this game a little while back. I enjoyed the idea of playing as an Assassin turned Templar and experiencing more of that Haytham Kenway storyline before Connor's and Arno's story began.For the character, Shay, he is, in my opinion, one of my favorite characters in Assassin's Creed ever (only behind Haytham and Ezio) and one character that I'd be willing to play again.Despite that it plays out like Black Flag with the ship, I give this game a 9.4/10."
,Recommended,311560,34086659,Posted: 7 August,all,Serbia Stronk,awesome game (upgrade your mortars etc before you play the cold fire mission)
,Recommended,311560,33935980,Posted: 31 July,all,LowSodiumCodRoe,fun but a few realllllllllllly hard parts (make sure your ship is up gradeded)
76561198326588911,Recommended,311560,33940431,Posted: 31 July,all,Otto,"Probably my favorite AC game to date. The story is interesting due to the fact that you play as an assassin turned templar, who is hell bent on revenge and his lust to save the world from the assassins. Shay Cormac is the second best protagonist in the AC series just because he is interesting and opens new doors in the series' future from the templar perspective. As for the gameplay, it's just cut and paste like the other AC games; wait for counter, and kill, that's it. 100% recommend if you are looking for something different in the AC series or just a great game with a jaw dropping story."
,Recommended,311560,34150316,Posted: 10 August,all,BorisBman,This is a great game if you are planning to start in the assassins creed franchise. I bought it on sale and am super happy with my purchase. it combines on land and sea gameplay which makes it interesting thoughout the enitre game. I know i havent finished it but once i get back from vaca i am psyched to go and finish it. i have played for about 10 hours so far and am only about 7 procent in the game. very densely packed and fun to go out killing crews and taking over ships to enhance and upgrade yours. I love it and recommend it.
76561198088811782,Recommended,311560,31503861,Posted: 2 May,all,edr3458,i really enjoyed this game kinda the same as black flag if you have aready played black flag this will vbe kinda easy to bad the story is so short and the end credits are about 25min over all awesome
76561198004502748,Recommended,311560,31464346,Posted: 30 April,all,AFK ( Holidays),"After playing the previous, this game is just as excellent!The story is nice and original because we play a Templar,it allows to have another image of the assassins and Templars.The gameplay is always the same, climbing, shopping, battles at sea are just great, improvements are also nice and having a crew is even more interesting.The graphics are beautiful, well detailed.I recommand it !"
76561198160509359,Recommended,311560,34766539,Posted: 5 September,all,whet boi,"This game doesnt get enough love. I feel like this game was pushed under the rug a bit, and I don't see why. The perfect balance between land combat and ocean combat (which I think makes Black Flag a bit redundant) makes this game one of the best. I've yet to play Origins (as I am currently in a finacial situation that makes Michael Barrimore look like Bruce Wayne)but i can say i love this game. I gave high praise to Syndicate aswell, but i think this has the best storyline and sense. Why would Abstergo, A templar compamny, make so many games that make the Creed seem awesome and The Templars like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s ? It makes sense that they'd make a game about some-one who realised the Assasin's were power-hungry fools and left they're cause to join the templars, which gave them cool perks like a piece of the navy AND EDWARD KENWAY'S SON. Also I'm sad that Monroe died. But at least I got some baclstory on Achilies' limp and walking cane."
76561198059766604,Recommended,311560,34632255,Posted: 31 August,all,Pablo Emilio Escobar Gaviria,good optimization and not bad story worth picking up if it is on a sale
,Recommended,311560,31217755,Posted: 18 April,all,Marc,Just Too Short for an AC game
,Recommended,311560,35260332,Posted: 28 September,all,鉄Ｂｒａｖａｄｏ™,"The first Assassin's Creed game I bought for PC was Assassin's Creed: Freedom cry. Being a long time fan of the series on console I'd yet to play it so it was cheap and...well...it was the worst optimised game i've owned since Jalopy, and AC:FC was a title made by long standing developers in the industry.So I was massively dubious about buying another Assassins Creed game, I didn't want to spend money on a laggy piece of crap. However, I very suprised to find that this game runs like a dream on my system (intel 4460 3.2, GTX750ti 2GB, 8GB RAM). I whacked everything on maximum as per my habit of finding the middle ground of what looks good and runs well only to find it ran at a near constant 60 with Vsynch on, dipping to 52 fps for a split second once.Plot wise, as of writing this review I just started it but I will update when i'm done. Looks alright though. People on the fence about buying it need to know it runs pretty well first and foremost."
76561198381935267,Recommended,311560,35397654,Posted: 1 October,all,KingVid,Had♥♥♥♥♥before great. Better then unity.
,Recommended,311560,34168690,Posted: 11 August,all,Derrick Walthers,"Rogue, a.k.a. Black Flag 1.5, picks up a few years after Freedom Cry DLC. Gameplay is an exact 1:1 copy of Black Flag,with some new gameplay additions like the anti-assassination activities and renovating local infrastructure for increased income(there's also a greande launcher, sort of). Story is not grandiose(thankfully)and has nice templar point of view on the conflict(they are still scummy, but they have a point).The protagonist, Shay, is disillusioned with assassins after they recklessly send him to retrieve an artifict which causes a mini genocide. With thousands of souls on his conscience and one destroyed city later. He sets out to right the wrongs of his former brotherhood.I loved it! I wanted to kill all the assassin's just as much as Shay.This game is a sequel to Black Flag, a Prequel/Sequel to AC III, and a Prequel to Unity.Short and impressionable story aside, I'm going to find the people who put Black Flag levels of collectibles(basically infinite garbage)in this incredibly short AC game, and I'm going to choke them with my bare hands until they understand what they did wrong. I'm going to go through post game credits and find them. So you better run, whoever you are, because you owe my  OCD a sincere f*cking apology and I intent to collect. I'm a completionist through and through and even I was disoriented by this game. If you thought collecting uncharted animus fragments and treasure chests in Black Flag was a chore; wait till you get a load of this game. F*cking Ubisoft, man."
76561198022820837,Recommended,311560,35430045,Posted: 2 October,all,Peaky,One of the best recent entries of the Assassins Creed series.
76561198158868628,Recommended,311560,35442942,Posted: 3 October,all,GoldenEagle,why this game sucks1.shay doesnt wear a hood2.same engine as ac3 and ac43.your rifle doesnt shoot bullets4.story is too shortwhy this game is good1.the story is good2.new ship upgrades3.runs on 60 fps (atleast for me)overall this game adds something new to the ac franchise its worth if you get it on sale other wise dont get it
,Recommended,311560,35442342,Posted: 3 October,all,Sol_HSA,"After black flag, this feels like more of the same, with even more extraneous distractions.. the things that made sense as a pirate don't make as much sense here, but you're still sacking towns and stuff. The ""real world"" segments are also more of the same.Anyhoo, it's still enjoyable, even though it feels a bit tired."
76561198088193798,Recommended,311560,35457615,Posted: 3 October,all,hellhoundninja34,love the game but Shay has the most annoying voice of any other character in the franchise.
76561198392352561,Recommended,311560,35445207,Posted: 3 October,all,xKitten75,"assassins creed rogue gives a whole new perspective in the assassins creed universe, as a templar you will see the point of view from the other side you have been fighting so many years and in a way you start to like the templars, i personally found myself supporting the templars in this over the assassins and it left me thinking are the assassins really the good guys?combat wise its very good but its what you would expect from an assassins creed game same old.naval combat is pretty much a copy and paste of black flag but is still very fun so if you were a fan of black flag you will enjoy this.story wise i think its one of the best out of all the games in the franchise although it is shorter than the others aswell.Shay Patrick Cormac, the main character is very likable and has a good personality.i would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of the series."
,Recommended,311560,35492991,Posted: 5 October,all,MightyMike,"I loved playing Assassin's Creed rogue, The time when you play (Between AC3 and Unity) is a nice concept and the story is amazing. The concept and things that happend and why is really great. Also the story isn't that small so you can put al lot of hours in this game."
76561198273723407,Recommended,311560,35469606,Posted: 4 October,all,NickaBoy99,great game!
76561198118563160,Recommended,311560,35469298,Posted: 4 October,all,Akeno Himejima,One of my best AC games ever i have  98% completed and was amazing!!!
76561198073846343,Recommended,311560,35454428,Posted: 3 October,all,garrett.horton94,"Amazing game, would recommend for anyone"
76561198076165394,Recommended,311560,35460799,Posted: 3 October,all,| нsт | Victorino Mora,"Was pretty good spent 10$ on it and played a good amount of hours. Had an interesting take on Assassin's we've come to know and made me rethink a lot of the things I've done in pervious game's if there was a better solutiton. My biggest dissapointmeant with the game is the main character. Although Shay had some interesting views and his story was very ""relatable"" in a sense. He just wasn't all that interesting, the story he carries and the things he did could have been brought out better if put into the right emotions. The character itself just didn't have much emotion, he betrayed and killed his friends the only people he's known and it was tragic but the character never actaully showed any remorse just justification for trying to save the world. 8/10 StoryVisually the game looked great, a lot of people will♥♥♥♥♥♥on it looking worse than Black Flag, I simply took it as a copy paste of ACIII done right. (Not saying ACIII was bad, but needed improvement and this game delivered it) This game had NOTHING new that wasn't already in every other AC game, but as it is like every other yearly release it simply had small improvements in both visual and gameplay. Visually and mechanically it played well and that was enough for me as someone who just wanted to play something related to AC.[NOTE] I only recommend this game because it was something that I personally enjoyed and would like others to try out within the fanbase. If you aren't within the fan base this game could easily be a huge dissapointmeant from misleading trailers and being a redo of what ACIII could have been if it had focused more on Naval Combat. This game is more close to ACIII than AC4 simply for the reason that AC4 was focused on being Pirates while this game was focused on a story that fortunately included Naval Combat and the same settings as AcIII. It is a prequel to ACIII but it is not needed to play to continue on with the story of Templars and Assassin's. This could easily be skipped and you wouldn't miss a thing. This game also leads into the stroy of Unity but once again, can easily be skipped and you wouldn't miss a thing."
,Recommended,311560,35485120,Posted: 4 October,all,Terminal 7 DIABETES,"fantastic always wanted to be a templar, spoiler its not 3 remaped"
76561198211534288,Recommended,311560,35512068,Posted: 6 October,all,Aegon 🐉,"Amazing graphics, story, environment and characters, and etc. I would totally recommend this game to everyone who loves to play and to those who just discovered the AC game. Totally worth it and its not a waste of money and time. That's all I hope that this words of mine could help someone out there."
