user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,311690,32398719,Posted: 13 June,all,ＤＪ 👻 ʷʰᵉᵉ,PLEASE MAKE ONLINE CO-OP SO I CAN PLAY WITH MY FRIENDS
76561198319475552,Recommended,311690,31454573,Posted: 29 April,all,Secretmink,They've got a bullet character.They've got a bullet gun.That gun (the one that's a bullet) shoots guns.Those guns shoot bullets.So you can have a Bullet holding a bullet shooting guns shooting bullets at bullets shooting guns shooting bullets.Let's freaking go.10/10acceptable level of mind-bending awesome
,Recommended,311690,22458981,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Lady Zana,"""My ammoconda don't want none unless you got guns, hun!""Game overview*Genre: rogue-lite, bullet hell, difficult*Avg length: ∞*Developer: Dodge Roll*Publisher: Devolver Digital*Release date: April 5th 2016*Platform: pc, ps4<<<Pros and cons>>>+ A ton of replayability+ Intense & satisfying combat+ Great challenge+ Creative guns (also puns. Puns everywhere!)+ Tight controls+ Looks fantastic+ Neat soundtrack+ Secrets!!-Drops (especially ammo) are a little bit too scarce[apparently this has been (somewhat) fixed as of May 6th 2016]Full game reviewAfter being occupied withThe Binding of Isaac: Rebirthfor a long time, I was looking forward to getting involved in this new rogue-like/rogue-lite. I was hoping for it to be something that could blend elements like randomness, fair challenges, fun and replayability into an enjoyable game. Before release,Enter the Gungeonhad been getting a lot of hype, and was it deserved? Is this the ultimate rogue-lite meets bullet hell the fans have been waiting for? Let's find out!<<<Story>>>On a distant planet in a highly secured fortress lies a legendary gun ... A gun that can kill the past! Four characters travel to this planet and enter said fortress. Their aim (...) is to kill their regretful past and change it for the better. This story is very simplistic, which is often the case with rogue-likes. It is mainly there to fill a certain emptyness. However, itdoesmotivate to keep gungeoning and hopefully complete a full run to experience the characters' past.<<<Gameplay, fun factor and replayability>>>Upon entering the hub (""The Breach""), one can choose between 4 main characters to play as: the marine, the convict, the pilot or the hunter. Each of them start out with different weapons and passive/active items allowing for aslightlydifferent playstyle. They mainly differentiate the beginnings of each run, as all of those items could possibly be acquired while gungeoning.Once descending the gungeon, players will be shooting, flipping tables and dodge rolling their way to the boss of each floor/chamber. The combat is satisfying due to being smooth and thrilling, yet very challenging. The difficulty of enemies and bosses feels just about right, though it takes time and practice to overcome them (at first). There is a lot of room for growth in skill, which in itself can be very satisfying. Besides shooting (and dodge rolling and flipping tables), there is also looting, doing 'business' with shopkeepers, rescuing trapped inhabitants and secrets ... Lots of secrets!Boss rooms are a real treat for bullet hell fans. Each has their own unique attack pattern and is pretty overwhelming at first. Especially when first playing the game, the difference between the difficulty of the chambers/floors and the boss can be a bit much. Luckily, as with any bullet hell, this problem can be overcome by learning and memorizing the attack pattern and/or being lucky with guns. Speaking about guns ...As this game is called ""Enter the Gungeon"", one would think to discover and use a lot of guns. While this is partially the case, I did find the overall drops for guns and consumables to be a bit low. More than not, I seem to be using useless guns or my starter gun so that I can spare my good gun for the boss fight/difficult rooms. Usually, once I reach floor/chamber 4, most of my weapons seem to be completely empty and I'm bound to use my starter gun again. As certain people may argument, yes ""it is possible to beat the whole game with the starter gun"", but is it fun? Not really. Maybe I'm just unlucky.<<<Controls, graphics and sound>>>It is not weird for a game like this to have forum threads full of ""Which is better/easier: controller or mouse & keyboard?"" as it may or may not help you to the finish line. For the most part, whichever you use, depends on personal preference. Controller gives you (semi) auto-aim, whereas mouse & keyboards lets you aim more freely with the crosshair. The most important thing is that they are both reliable ways to win the game as controls are very tight. If you die, it isyourfault.Visually, the game looks gorgeous with its pixel art style. Each floor also has a unique look, which keeps the experience varied and fresh. Also impressive are the animations: dodge rolling, shooting, gun effects ... are all so well done and responsive. There is nothing more satisfying than seeing the room shake with certain weapons effects, explosions etc whilst fighting waves of enemies.The OST is - in my honest opinion - the cherry on top of a most delicious cake. Whilst not every track may be stunning, I do find them being stuck in my head once in a while. So even though the full soundtrack may be not as memorable as some others (e.g.The Binding of Isaac,Super MeatboyorCrypt of the Necrodancer), it is still a very well made piece of music overall.<<<The verdict>>>This is certainly not a game for everyone, but I do strongly recommend it to all rogue-lite and/or bullet hell fans and people that like really hard/challenging games. Just keep in mind that this game relies heavily on personal skill rather than an extreme amount of (possible) drops and synergies (though they are certainly present). If you do, you'll be having heaps of fun with smooth and thrilling gameplay, tight controls and a good soundtrack. Get ready toEnter the Gungeon!"
76561198100112114,Recommended,311690,22252513,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DeadPudding,Binding of Isaac + Nuclear throne = Enter The Gungeon
,Recommended,311690,23391001,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Soup,One more run...1 hour later...One more run...10 hours later...ONE MORE RUN.A little over 200 hours later...
76561198116488836,Recommended,311690,22846593,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TapeKnot,Saw the game.Bought the game.Played the game.Hated the game because it was too hard for me.Asked for a refund.Got a refund.Missed playing the game.Bought the game again.Finally got passed level 1.Loved the game.
,Recommended,311690,34241217,Posted: 14 August,all,codnuggets457,I only played a little bit but it's good so far.
,Recommended,311690,22273281,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Enter the Gungeonis deliciously great.This title easily sits at the top with classic roguelites likeCrypt of the NecroDancer,Rebirth, andNuclear Throne. In fact, there are elements of all three of those games inEnter the Gungeon, along with a few quality-of-life upgrades too.Essentially, the structure of this game plays most similiar to Crypt of the NecroDancer in the sense that the meta-game progression consists of saving characters who later run different versions of shops where you can purchase permanent upgrades. If I was pressed to compare, the combat is similiar toNuclear Throne, although the controls are much tighter here, and it is slightly less frantic. Its just different, really.Pros:+Wickedly addicting. Tons of meta-game upgrades and things to do.+The pixel art and animation is butter. Probably the best I've seen in a long, long time.+The controls couldn't be tighter. I've only played with the controller, and I have no reason to try keyboard and mouse at this point - thats how happy I am.+Menus are perfect. Everything is so efficient and keeps you in the action all the time. Nothing feels clunky with the UI. It couldn't be better IMHO.+Co-op is wickedly fun too! Its odd that one player HAS to play the gypsy, but it is really fine at the end of the day.Meh:=I was excited for the soundtrack, but you can barely even hear it at the stock settings. Its nothing great, honestly. I was hoping this was another high point (like other similiar games - especiallyCrypt of the NecroDancer).=Over the eight hours I've played, I go back-and-forth with how I feel about the difficulty curve. The levels are substantially easier than the boss fights. But then you git gud:)=The deluxe edition is real 'meh' to me.Cons:-The music is almost a 'con' for me, to be honest.-While the community is divided on many issues - one thing is almost completely agreed on - balancing needs further refinement.-The playable characters (at least the ones available off the bat) don't feel all that different. Not like in games such asRebirth.-Don't expect to be wading through drops and loot such as in other similiar games - its different here. I thought I'd be switching guns every other room, but its not the case. Its still fun, just not what some have expected.-There is a little game stuttering no matter what PC specs you have (this is very minor).This is a must-have.Its certainly one of the most memorable titles I've played so far this year. You can definately getIsaachours out of this (at least I can and probably will)."
76561198015531498,Recommended,311690,22718508,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Eriktion,If you think Binding of Isaac is too difficult - don't buy this
,Recommended,311690,24528071,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Sister Miriam Godwinson,This game needs online multiplayer.
,Recommended,311690,22253541,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,PotentialPotato,This game is like my sex life. The first time it didnt last very long but then i kept trying and trying and it still doesnt last very long.
,Recommended,311690,22252926,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,neon,"After the first 30 minutes, this game has been nothing but absolute pure joy. The art is amazing, the gameplay is fluent and fast and from all of the roguelikes I've played this game delivered the best experience you'll have in a long time.A defenitive must buy for anyone who enjoyed The Binding of Isaac or Nuclear Throne, the game is (in my opinion) a mix of the two games, with it's own unique feel to it.The art looks good, the gunplay and movement feels right and the enemies so far have been interesting (though I might see where the bullet type enemies get repetative).I highly recommend this game to anyone new to the roguelike genre, and if you are already well familiar with games such as this I don't know why you haven't bought it yet.EDIT: The only thing that isn't to my taste is the music, it seems kinda offbeat and random at times, but I also didint like the Rebirth OST, so it's probably just me.EDIT2: The game stutters when theres a lot of explosions or gunshots on screen, messes up your movement and you get hit, when it's not really your fault. Running this on i5 3570k @4.0Ghz, 4Gb gtx 770 windforce, 16 gigs of ram. Not that the game is powerhungry, it's probably just bad coded? Still moments like this occur from time to time so it might put someone offEDIT 3: Game has a dumb bug when you roll into the next level elevator you get stuck between it, forcing you to restart.(Score changed due to stuttering and the elevator bug 9/10; Overall still enjoying the game)"
,Recommended,311690,32545830,Posted: 18 June,all,Scrumb,"I have died over 200 times and have made it to the final level twice.Game is good, I am not."
,Recommended,311690,23745243,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Njall The Viking,"If you played The Binding of Isaac and thought to yourself ""I wonder how this would be if Hush were the first boss. Also there should be guns."" then you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,311690,22485421,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Revelanth,"A thoroughly enjoyable roguelite, more challenging and less forgiving than Binding of Isaac as well as more varied and fair than Nuclear Throne.EtG has a LOT to offer to enthusiasts of the genre:- 4 playable characters that each have their own past (boss) to kill and a few more unlockable ones- 200+ guns and just as many complementary passive and active items, many of which are awesome references to well-known movies and video games- gorgeous pixel art which features incredible attention to detail (i.e. varied, destructible environmental props and enemy death animations)- a generous assortment of mostly bullet-themed enemies, ranging from cute to creepy- 20+ rather challenging bosses- persistent elements such as unlockable weapons/items, NPCs and shortcuts- Ammonomicon, an almanac that lists all the weapons, items, enemies and bosses, each entry is illustrated and has flavor text!- quite a few secrets!A truly sublime title, so easy to recommend.Praise the Gun!"
,Not Recommended,311690,28230898,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kayin,"There is so much love and joy and care put into so much of this game but it is perhaps, gameplay wise, the stingiest game like this I've ever played. The game is afraid to let the player have fun. The game will let you play for 40 minutes without cutting you any slack of the RNG before you realize the whole run was a hopeless waste of time. And it will do this a lot. Large stretches of the game become rote, yet if you try and casually go through them, your mistakes will have rippling effects into the later bit of the game. The game feels hard not because hard is fun, but hard because the developers were afraid of their game being too easy. It also doesn't help that so many of the items are boring and very situational and its super easy to get nothing but gag guns for entire runs. The characters are (outside their personality and very cooly stories and specialized ending bosses) really really boring. Of the starting classes, only Pilot is mechanically interesting, so changing classes doesn't give a reprieve from the monotony the is 'actually playing through the first half of the game'.People like this game for a reason. The backhalf can be very fun and skill intensive in a way that doesn't feel punitive for the sake of being punitive. This, and the charm of the game surrounding the actual gungeoneering (the NPCs and goals and all that) makes me REALLY REALLY REALLY want to like it. And there is times I, for some glimmering moments, have a lot of fun. But where in Nuclear Throne, being screwed by the RNG is a small cost, in Gungeon it is a devestating waste of time. If any of these complaints sound like things you can live with, maybe you'll be one of the many many people who love this game"
,Recommended,311690,31346356,Posted: 24 April,all,Actually Hitler,My list of a good game------------------------Good MusicGood PerformanceFun WeaponsGood GraphicsCreative EnemysGreat Boss FightsFun Characters9.5/10                               To much water
,Recommended,311690,23226738,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Squeegee,"Do you like the extreme bullet hell of Nuclear Throne, and also like the room scrolling gameplay of Binding of Isaac, if yes get this game now. It's good stuffProsA huge array of different weapons, bosses and itemsTons of different rooms and enemies4 different characters and one co-op exclusive characterAnd two secret charactersA fun co-op modeRNG based, each run is going to be different!Difficult but never impossible, no guaranteed damage rooms!Fast based bullet hell and combatBuckets and buckets of secrets!Well crafted sprite artAwesome soundtrack!High replayability!Unlockable guns and itemsShortcutsInformative tutorialConsHard difficulty can be a turnoff for some, if you get angry easily, take this into considerationRNG while fun for some peoplelike me, i like RNG a lot...it can be a downside for some.Perma death, in the sense in that if you die your run is over, you will start over.You will die, alot :)I rate this this game a solid9.5/10It is very good get it now!"
,Recommended,311690,31449244,Posted: 29 April,all,Cadfan1a,I love this game! but how does it not have online multiplayer yet!?
76561198103252321,Recommended,311690,25044013,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Esquire247,A story of when Isaac went to America
,Recommended,311690,29024764,Posted: 4 January,all,Routt,"Gungeon is a dungeon crawler/bullet hell game. It's really difficult, but has a lot to offer. As you get better at the game, you can unlock weapons that will drop in later runs, new NPCs, and shortcuts.BIG LIST OF MECHANICS-randomly generated floors w/ boss fights and secret rooms (self explanatory)-dodge rolling, allows you to jump over bullets-blanks, clears a room of all bullets to prevent you from taking damage-shops, provide weapons and refills. Things cost a lot so you can't buy everything and make the game easy.-chests, unlocked with keys that drop from enemies and can be found in the shop. Most of these give you either a weapon or item and disappear, but there are extremely rare chests that can give you 8 items/guns (rainbow chest) or the glitch chest, which takes you to a secret boss fight.-Unlockable characters (you start off with 4, each with unique abilities.) Farther into the game, you can find cell keys and free new npcs or characters.-secret levels-clever enemies/bosses-lotsa replayability, I'm 15 hours in and I still haven't made it half-way through the game (there are 5 floors and an unlockable 6th one that I don't really know anything about)"
76561198026955085,Recommended,311690,28748549,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sabamika,"Enter the Gungeon is one of those games that I really want to beat but don't have the patience or the reflexes needed. The worst part is I completed everything in The Binding of Isaac Afterbirth. Yes even the Keeper and the Lost and I find this game just to be out of my league. If you want a game that will punish you for every little mistake then Gungeon is for you. But I'm not a masochist, so unless I can actually get better I don't see me playing this game for much longer. But if you like this sort of game then by all means get it, but purchase it on sale or you're going to end up feeling cheated."
76561198099963093,Recommended,311690,33961225,Posted: 1 August,all,Frogmin,">Be me>Pilot>Get AK-47>Think ""lol im a russian csgo player"">Get the Scope item>Essentially deletes recoil>Get the Crutch>Makes your bullets aim towards enemyrealize i have become a russian csgo hacker10/10 would mother russia again"
76561198040030741,Recommended,311690,22440230,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,horheristo,"A more balanced, harder to cheese and skill demanding version of Isaac with guns."
76561197970886599,Not Recommended,311690,22309586,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Snarke,"EDIT: It seems since time of writing, there has been a patch which altered the key drop rate. I haven't really seen much of a difference in the few runs I tried since, but YMMV, so take this  review with a grain of salt. The devs are listening.A decent game marred by some poor game balance. With a few fixes it could be really great, but right now it's just frustrating.Let's just get this part out of the way, because I know I will be attacked mercilessly for this opinion: Do you like bullet hell? Did you think Binding of Isaac was for chumps? You'll probably get a kick out of this game. The pixel art is great, and the style of the game is charming and endearing. The bosses and enemies are diverse, and there are lots of items to find (more on that later). Music is meh, but not really the main draw so I don't mind it either way. I also haven't encountered any sizable bugs, and it's nice that this isn't just another early access indie, which it so easily could have been.Now, don't misunderstand. This game is really really hard, as a bullet hell game should be. I don't bemoan that I can't finish the game. I'm a total scrub and I accept that.  My problem is that in a game advertised as being all about tons of guns, I die an awful lot with nothing more than my starting pistol and a worthless item. I don't mind failing, and trying over and over to get it right. That seems to be kinda what this game is going for.Here's the problem. If each attempt at finishing the game is exactly the same, it gets really tiresome. I don't feel like I am making progress at all.The first issue, which I originally thought would be something I would enjoy, is the sheer volume of items in this game. There are a ton of guns, passive items, and active items, but instead of filling some sort of gap in the gameplay, it feels more like the developers came up with gun puns first, and then as an afterthought considered what these weapons are actually supposed to do. So many shotguns and pistols that feel interchangable, which are fine in most games, but when you consider that there are some truly original guns in there, it feels like a lot of wasted space.The items fair little better. There are active items that take a long time to refill and will barely take off a sliver of a boss's life. Some passives give you more life, or speed or fire rate as in Binding of Isaac, but so many of them do almost nothing, such as an extra effect on table flipping or using blanks, which are like your bombs in this game. Sadly, I cringe whenever I find these items because they are again of absolutely no use against bosses, which are the game's main challenge.This is exasperated by how desperately rare keys are in this game. You start the game with one key and can obtain others from drops off enemies or buying them in the shop. However, the drop rate is so low for both keys and money, and sometimes the shop won't have them at all, so even on the very first level you are often limited to a single, probably very useless item.And that's the core problem. So few items define a run. The deaths just blur together. I'll die 30 minutes in and still not have found anything that makes me want to try again, in the hopes of again getting that great combo. Just a few useless passives and identical guns. Again, these items are there, but so rare. I am still finding new guns 25 hours in. And still disappointed when it turns out to function pretty much like most guns.Other issues that make progressing in this game a total chore? The lack of character options. You get 4 starting characters, each with basically identical stats and starting weapons. The marine is a little easier, the hunter a little harder, but you don't really have different playstyles supported here. There is some progression in unlocking different items to find later, and expanding the number of merchants available, but these don't affect your start in any way. It doesn't need to be Rogue Legacy, but Binding of Isaac, Nuclear Throne, FTL and the like had wildly different starting options depending on your starting character or ship.Perhaps this is all by design. Perhaps this is what people want. It just isn't what I expected. I expected Binding of Isaac, considering how much was copied from that game. Some people will love this game, but I certainly don't see myself recommending it to anyone I know. This saddens me, bacause there is so much to love about this game. The art style and charm are there, and with just a little tweaking to make it more interesting in the early game, I'd be way more onboard."
,Recommended,311690,22325204,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Red Damsel,"It's alright.But instead of cool builds or stuff like you would see in say Risk of Rain or Binding. It boils down to.Did you get a decent gun within the first two floors? No?Restart.And 99% of the guns are pretty trash. But when you do get a decent weapon, and maybe an intresting item or two. The game works really really well. The biggest issue is that almost never happens."
76561198199630925,Recommended,311690,34805730,Posted: 7 September,all,BearsInbound,"Bullethell rouge-like done right.PROS:- Based more on player skill than RNG- Small characters and dodgeroll mechanics mesh very well with bullethell- Plays great on gamepad and mouse+keyboard- Satisfying movement and shooting mechanics- Intrinsic mechanics, such as taking cover behind walls- Passives and Guns are sparse enough to be appreciated and valuable- Consumables and health are sparse enough to be taken seriously- Ammo introduces a ""Use inferior guns to save ammo"" resource management layer- Incredible weapon variety- Loads of unlocks (however, see the cons section).- References everywhere- Interesting enemies- Interesting Boss fights, some inspiring dread every time their splash art shows up- ""Spelunky like progression"" - Each area has its unique challenges, enemies, secrets, and gimmicks,with later areas combining elements from earlier areas. You will have several runs terminate on one floorbefore you finally, satisfyingly, break through to the next.Cons:- Variety of bosses, enemies, and rooms is somewhat lacking- Many of the unlocks are gated so far down the line and take so much time to unlock (hunting quests) that many players will never see them- One poor balancing decision: Boss ArmorBosses can only take a certain amount of damage per second, meaning uber-powerful low ammo guns which seem to be meant for bosses are less effective, as each shot may cap its damage under potential. While the game is very well balanced, the one in 100 run where you should be steamrolling is kept somewhat out of reach.Ultimately, Enter The Gungeon is the best rougelike I have ever played, and had me squeezing in a couple of the 15 minute to 1 hour runs in after class last semester. The bits of story and personality in the game are very entertaining and the moment to moment gameplay is enormously satisfying. High level players will learn how to manage their resources, know what risks to take with chests, and know boss patterns like the back of their hand. If you enjoy the gamefeel of spelunky, the variety of Binding of Issac, and fresh, lighthearted personality that celebrates video games, EtG is for you.Dodgeroll is about to release a new update which will likely keep me playing another 60 hours. Pick it up while you can."
,Recommended,311690,31759966,Posted: 14 May,all,Scaypies,"(The recommendation is just a formality)Yes, I have 100%ed the gameOutside of challenge mode:• Too much RNG (especially in the form of health and chests); Tier system is very badly done• Variation is extremely limited when it comes to rooms and bosses• Many items are completely useless and even good players get gimped if they don't get at least one decent item in a run. The game seems to want you to collect as many guns as possible and switch rapidly between them, but most of the time you're sticking to one or two guns and hoping you can sell off the rest to a sell creep• Movement is extremely slow (even rolls), and there are very few items that can speed up the game. This is a more of a nitpick but it does make everything outside of the bosses feel slow most of the time. Teleporters definitely remedy this to some degree but it's still there and can leave sections of ""downtime"" where you're just running inbetween rooms that didn't have a teleporter near them (those obnoxious hallways that connect each room are especially bad). This is why most runs are ~40 mins long, which feels like an eternity when you're encouraged to explore each floor in its entirety• Larger rooms in general are almost never as satisfying as smaller ones• Very few items work well in tandem with each other, and in the rare occurrence that they do the bonuses/ extra effects don't give much of an edge to the run• The bullet is an insanely broken character that you'll most likely spend 90% of your time playing as after you beat the past with everybody else• Farming hegemony credits is pretty stupid• The benefits of getting cursed are not nearly enough to outweigh the downsides. It feels like something the devs left as a footnote for players to challenge themselves and not much else• There are no benefits to taking the harder alternate paths the game offers more than once, as they are only there for the purpose of one or two unlocks. This is especially true for bullet hell, which becomes pointless after you have unlocked the riddle of lead. After that, they only serve as extra challenges, just like with curse from the start--> (To clarify: I am not saying areas need infinite replayability, but only having to complete a side area once with a single character for an achievement pales in comparison to giving a bonus to players who choose the ""harder path"". In the case of bullet hell, giving a unique unlock for each character would be a temporary fix. This would add to the challenge of the game, and make the bullet less of an ""easy clear"" character)Challenge mode:• Many modifiers/ combination of modifiers are completely unbalanced or downright unfair (Ex. hammer time/ zone control, gull's revenge/rat's revenge in a room with only platforms): This is especially true for bosses. Double challenge mode only makes this worse, I imagine• Some modifiers can be completely negated by items or feel pointless (Ex. high stress in early rooms, poison trail getting negated by sponge or hazmat suit, and cursed ceramics in general)• Wallmonger feels like an impossible fight to no-damage unless you have an insanely broken run• High dragun is not only a DPS test here, but also a blanks/ invincibility test. Certain moves or combinations of moves are impossible to dodge normally, and his knife familiars still have a bit too much health. His second phase can also be near impossible unless you get a good circle pattern/ have speed boost items. Add high stress to all this and you have a fight that feels artificially difficult rather than a legitimate challengeOverall, despite how much I have come to hate it via challenge mode, gungeon has a slew of good ideas which, with many changes, could result in a far more enjoyable experience that would take a far longer time to go stale. At the moment, the joy of beating bosses and getting better is definitely there, and past portions are easily the most well thought out sections of the game that add a bigger reward for the completion of a run, if only once. Though it falls flat more than it shines at the moment, the ""upcoming DLC"" could change some things for the better, as the devs do seem to be actively looking for what people are talking about/ what they could be changing. The only problem then is if devolver is willing to put in the work, which gungeon needs a lot of.A solid 6.5/10."
,Recommended,311690,32369656,Posted: 12 June,all,Snaith,"Whilst difficult, Enter the Gungeon is perhaps the fairest game I have ever played. Every death is my fault due to my slow reactions, or lack of forethought, or some other reason that rests on my shoulders. Whilst random chance plays a factor, by deciding which of the varied weapons I get to toy with, each run I find myself learning a new pattern, or mastering a new room layout, and often, though not always, getting a little further.A fantastically themed, frenetic experience and one I can thoroughly recommend as a stellar example of the genre. Perhaps, even, a genre-definer."
,Recommended,311690,32869057,Posted: 27 June,all,Sean Canary,"Easy to learn, hard to master. Binding of Isaac with guns."
,Recommended,311690,29477988,Posted: 24 January,all,Devik,Pros: Great visuals. Awesome soundtrack. Excellent gameplay. Steep learning curve but remains difficult without becoming infuriating. Very high replayability because completing the game 100% is a tremendous feat. Community involved developers.Cons: Too addicting.
,Recommended,311690,22534828,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zErGT9uvjRQTarget Audience:Action roguelite fansSummary:A great action roguelite that brings the difficulty. The sheer amount of different types of guns and enemy variety means that even after hitting the 6-7 hour mark, you're still getting something new out of the gameplay. And it's going to throw the kitchen sink at you while doing it. Those looking for a challenge won't need to look far, because this game is hard, and I love it for that. The boss fights in particular are great, as you dodge roll around for your life. So yeah, great gameplay all around, the controls work nicely, and it's really a solid purchase. It does have flaws: storytelling wise, the game is weak despite some interesting characters and art assets. And level design will start to get annoying after a while, as the game can really screw you in this aspect alone with crowded corridors. Those with low frustration tolerance: stay away from this game, as well, it's going to beat you over the head with some ridculous scenarios. But hey, what's a roguelite without some difficult moments?Lists:Positives:Gun variety is huge, and allows for a lot of different strategy to develop because of it.Humor and references. Between the video game/popular culture references and the ridculous guns that you can get, you'll get a laugh or two.Difficulty is high, which is what you want in a roguelite.Boss fights feel like the challenge that they need to be. Where a lot of the damage that I tookGood enemy variety, which will force you to react and change up your strategy.Controls work for both keyboard/mouse and controller, with each of them having their own strengths.Great creatures and character design. The artwork is nice, but the designs in particular are rather well done.Negatives:Theming can be inconsistent at times, and it misses out on a narrative angle.Level design needs a bit of a tweak. The RNG can really screw you at times, and of the times I findA glitch once in a while. And while they can be hilarious at times, wandering around in a dark Gungeon was not fun when I was doing good in that run."
,Recommended,311690,22915762,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,korangu,"I've been playing this game for a while now. You get guns that are wacky and the level is generated each time in different ways. It keeps things whimsical and fun. At one point in time I got a stone that circled me and absorbed bullets. Another time... I got a pig. This review is about that pig.This pig... let's call him FattyBomBom; followed me around wherever I went. He wanted to be best buds. But he did nothing. Absolutely NOTHING! He'd move around like a slug. When I went far enough he'd scurry in an attempt to keep up. During boss fights as I'd weave around a million bullets he'd just sit there producing methane while staring intently at my dodge rolling awesomeness.Initially I resented FattyBomBom. It was like his only purpose in life was to follow me around and watch me dodge bullets. Then I slowly grew attached to his bacony smell and his oinky mannerisms. I started to like him. Was this love?Onward towards the final stage we went - The Hollow - It was just me and FattyBomBom against the Gungeon. Out of the blue a bullet kin spawned right on my butt and seized the last heart that I had in me.There I lay, defenseless; unarmed; heartless like my ex; naked to the evils that the Gungeon would now bestow upon me. FattyBomBom just stared at me as the Gungeon took aim to kill me with the `time` gun. Fate it would seem had caught up with me... or had it? Out of the blue FattyBomBom broke his mawkish slugishness and unleased a sudden burst of energy as he ran in front of me. The sound of the `time` gun firing however was not a harbinger to my death. Yes... FattyBomBom took a bullet for me so I could continue my journey deeper into the Gungeon. All this time he was hanging around just so he could take a bullet for me. I cried.Buy this game for my fallen comrade... FattyBomBom <3"
76561198236377894,Recommended,311690,22872446,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,HERBS AND SPICES,This game is great if you want....More dodge rolls than Dark soulsMore guns than Nuclear throneLess tears than the Binding of IsacAnd more Table Flipping than any other game10/10 would roll again
76561198086530181,Recommended,311690,29715870,Posted: 5 February,all,DerSatansschuh,there is a weapon that looks like a shotgun shell and shoots shotgun which also shoots11/10
,Recommended,311690,23280689,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,waterguy12,"In this game, bullets shoot bullets at you to guard a bullet that you shoot bullets at bullets for with guns that are and use bullets on walls that resemble bullets on an elevator that is a bullet and you live on bullets and currency is bullets and bullet bullet bullet bullet.10/10 not enough bullets"
76561198043990386,Recommended,311690,34659830,Posted: 1 September,all,SannitaryPond52,has good replayability i guess
76561197970662427,Not Recommended,311690,22404289,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Chuckmaster General,"Nice art direction, good mechanics, horrid RNG that lets you down almost every time, lack of progression -- grind the same level over and over and over again starting with the same sucky weapon over and over and over again, practically no health drops, unyielding difficulty level. It's great if you like your rogue-likes with bullet hell and RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and still have those 15-year-old-on-Adderall reflexes. Addictive, but not necessarily in a fun way."
,Recommended,311690,34988532,Posted: 15 September,all,sad niga bart,"PLEASE PLEASE ADD MULTIPLAYER, NOT local multiplayer but online multiplayer. The game would be 10x better if you could play co-op or with up to 2 friends. And making the levels harder depending on the amount of people.Great game 10/10-needs online multiplayer"
76561198094896490,Recommended,311690,25310371,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,burlapbee,"Top down shooter with rogue-like elements: you know the drill. Enter a randomly generated floor of a dungeon, murder a bunch of monsters, grab a randomly selected goodie or two, beat the boss. Standard stuff. Enter the Gungeon has two points that makes it stick out from the rest- fair stages with tough yet similar bosses and its controls.The stages are actually quite fun- there is a good amount of the environment to interact with, baddies are plucky, and the randomly generation nature means you'll never play the same stage twice. I like the idea of of turning over tables and using them as shields. And enemies can do the same, which is a great touch. The only downside is that the pits of some stages blend into the dark floor or gloomy lighting. In my opinion, pits are absolutely unnecessary in a game which the goal is to descend. You know. Get to the bottom to win. Spikes, fire, glass, or literally anything else would have been a better environmental hazard than pits.The bosses, however, are devoid of the such interaction and charm. They just flood the room with projectiles and move around. They also have a mountain of HP, meaning most boss fights play out more like a siege (how long can you survive?) rather than a duel. Even the lowest of bosses (Gatling Gull) has 700 HP brick to chip. Most weapons you have deal around 6-10 damage. Snoozeville. The boss fights seem more like an annoyance rather than a capstone of a stage.The controls have a unique quality to them. You can play with a keyboard and mouse or a controller. You aim with a cursor and shoot. Most games with such controls just don't work well but Enter the Gungeon makes it work. It just feels natural. You also have a rolling dodge to avoid bullets and a limited repel that destroys all bullets and stops baddies from shooting, Invaluable in boss fights.Overall its a mixed bag. The stages are an absolute blast. The bosses just seem tacked on, bland, and hamfisted. I honestly think the game may have been better (perhaps a bit more unique) as an all-out dungeon crawl without the need of bosses. If you played Binding of Issac and wanted more bullet hell and more interesting stages, Enter the Gungeon is up your alley. I am more on the middle ground when it comes to Enter the Gungeon, buts its not terrible, so I recommend it."
76561198127200573,Recommended,311690,34606425,Posted: 30 August,all,Somniworld,This game has a weapon that is a shell that fire shotguns.Need I say more ?
,Recommended,311690,32821000,Posted: 26 June,all,TurtleDogg,"Very well made game, need to play it more."
76561198066404198,Recommended,311690,22290567,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Vag-lip Monkey,"When I saw this game, I grabbed my wallet faster than a speeding bullet. As a broke college student, I had to bite the bullet and buy this game. A game of this caliber doesn't come often, so before looking at any gamepIay or anything, I jumped the gun and purchased it. I was told that I was going off half-cocked, but that son of a gun doesn't know anything about games like this. So get locked and loaded because this game hotter than a 2 dollar pistol. 11/10, would pun again.UPDATE: I FOUND A SHRINE TO Y.V. THIS GAME IS A MASTER PIECE 431543/6"
,Recommended,311690,29894380,Posted: 13 February,all,WakerLink,This game is just one big pun. And I like it.
76561198173307917,Recommended,311690,22253474,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Dragontailgaming,It's like The Binding Of Isaac but replace the religion with guns
76561198042524544,Recommended,311690,32524204,Posted: 17 June,all,Afteg,Have a love hate relationship with this game but it's definitely worth the money if you're looking for a challenge.
76561198102802345,Recommended,311690,22521878,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Stembacca,"I suck at this game.  I suck at this game quite horribly.  It took me 5 hours to get through the first level.  I have over 9 hours of total play time.  I still have yet to beat the first level again.  The pure gameplay is so thoroughly enjoyable I do not mind the constant, inevitable failure.10/10 WILL fail again."
76561198077563621,Recommended,311690,22272582,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,JessHorserage,"""Bullet Hell""That's a damn understatement."
,Recommended,311690,30741899,Posted: 25 March,all,Incroyable du cul !,"If you enjoy hard rogue-likes and bullets everywhere with almost no game breaking run like BOI, skill based 95% of the time, shut up and give them your money ;)"
,Not Recommended,311690,22620509,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Diddly Diddly Doo Jew,"All of Gungeon's core mechanics are very well done and thought out, but there are just a few obstacles that make this game unplayable for everyone that isn't really, really good at bullet hell games, and keep in mind that the problems in Enter The Gungeon are only with game balancing and can easily be changed.Even though this review is long, I encourage you to at least skim through it if you're thinking about buying, or reccomending this game.-Boss HP:The absolute worst aspect of this game is the HP of the bosses and to show you just how ridiculous it is I'll compare it to the games it draws inspiration from; in The Binding Of Isaac, the 1rst boss will take a maximum of 80 hits to kill if you get absolutely no upgrades, this will end up making the fight about 20-30 seconds long, Nuclear Thrones first boss will take about 35 hits to kill and Nuclear Throne is known for it's difficulty. Now Gungeon wins by a long-shot, needing about 200+ hits to kill the very first boss with no upgrades, and the HP just gets continuously higher. This, coupled with the larger amount of enemy bullets on the screen, the large size of rooms and the miniscule chance to actually get an upgrade that'll speed up the fight, the first boss fight will often end up being longer than 2 minutes, and to have a fighting chance to actually win the game Gungeon asks the most of the player and expects it to be beaten without taking any damage, this is possible and can even be done reliably, but makes fighting bosses not fun and impossible for people who aren't really, really good at bullet hells.-Enemy Hp:The most common enemy in gungeon will take 3 hits to kill, this isn't much more difficult than any other roguelikes, but every single floor health scales to require about another hit on average, this becomes increasingly ridiculous on the later floors and if you don't have one of the 20 best and rarest guns in the game it will almost certainly end your run. On top of the difficulty it also represents a little bit of laziness on the developer's end since they decided to scale up enemy hp and keep the same enemies with the same patterns, rather than increase the variation in enemies to the point that it wasn't necessary.-Items:If i'm not mistaken there are roughly 190 guns and 400 items total, out of these about 80 will give you a benefit that will make any observable difference in your run, and the ranking system that the game uses makes those 80 out of 400 items even more rare. Good items being rare isn't a bad thing, but most of those 80 items that are the best in the game, are also nearly useless if they're not guns, and the good items that aren't straight upgrades are extremely conditional. nearly any passive that gives you a bonus is so miniscule that if you're not paying attention you can forget you picked it up at all, picking up nearly any one damage up will still leave you killing most enemies in the same amount of hits as you were before.-Characters:There are a few aspects of Character variation that are very interesting and creative, but I won't mention them due to spoilers, other than that 4 characters is very measly, and the actual difference in between them is very small, you may change your playstyle a bit, but it just ends up being you playing either the Marine if you're not that good because he starts with the best gun and has the highest HP, or the Pilot if you are, because he has the best utility items. Adding more unlockable characters (and making the unlocking not so impossible) and more difference in between characters would add a lot to replayability and variation.There's a lot that can and should be patched into the game to make it more accessible to people who prefer an experience that's challenging to a more moderate degree, even if it was in the form of an Easy Mode I wouldn't be disappointed, but as it stands now I regret buying the game and every time I play it all I want to do is stop before I get too frustrated.Disclaimer: This review was written by my brother,Egg, and does not necessarily reflect my own personal views. This review will be transfered over to his profile - and the review on my profile changed to reflect my own opinions - in the future, when we both own copies."
76561198044339593,Recommended,311690,29515188,Posted: 26 January,all,GhibliMehow,I write this 40hrs into the game..I gave it a 10/10 before the DLC - a gun that fires 'B-U-L-L-E-T' is enough to merit this.then I get a bullet that fires a gun that fires a bullet.20/10 would buy it again.
,Recommended,311690,33684834,Posted: 20 July,all,Toby,"Rogue-likes are a lot like brownies, in that: you have to master timing in order to get a crispy one while not burning it, but if you throw weed into the mix its like you dont even care at all."
,Recommended,311690,29937168,Posted: 15 February,all,jml,"My initial reaction to Enter the Gungeon was pretty lukewarm - I played it for a few hours, thought ""eh"", and put it down for a couple months as I went back to the other games in my library. When I eventually decided to give Gungeon another shot, I realized I originally wasn't playing the game the right way.You're supposed to actually use the guns you pick up, you idiot.The way I first tried to play was to go through each floor with the (unlimited ammo) pistol and save all of the picked up limited-ammo guns for boss fights. I was missing out on the best part of the game and it slowed the pace of the game down. The variety of guns in this game is crazy so each run you have will feel a little bit different from the one before. You'll find some guns that reference other games, some guns that are total jokes (like a squirt gun that can actually be pretty useful if you know what you're doing), and some guns that make you feel ridiculously powerful. More importantly, most of them feel really fun to use. When the game really clicked for me is when in one run I picked up a bee hive ""gun"" that swarmed a boss with an endless stream of bees and took him down in like 10 seconds. It was awesome. There's still some strategy involved when it comes to conserving ammo but you don't have to play super conservatively like I tried to do.The key system is another thing I struggled with early on. There are (generally) two keyed chests on each floor with an item inside. I wanted to unlock each and every chest I found in my early runs. All of my (ingame) money ended up being spent on keys and I'd never buy anything else from the shop which was a buzzkill. Then I realized it's probably a better idea to be more selective with the chests you want to open in the game. If you found a great gun on the first floor, do you really want to unlock a low-tier chest on the second floor to get a gun that's probably significantly worse than the one you're already using? Often the answer will be no. This opens up some more possibilities for items you can buy to extend your runs and make your playthroughs a little more interesting. After changing the way I played like this I started to get further and further into the gungeon with each run which made me enjoy the game a lot more.This game gets compared to Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne pretty often and they all have some advantages to them but I like Enter the Gungeon the most of the three by far. It has the slowest pace of the three games so if you're looking for a game with an insane frantic pace you might be better off going for Nuclear Throne instead. But, I think Gungeon is the most polished, detailed, and controls the best of them. It's one of the best roguelites I've played."
,Recommended,311690,30516753,Posted: 14 March,all,BaC0nz,"OVERVIEW:Enter the Gungeon is a challenging rogue-like game with procedurally generated rooms.  You pick 1 of 4 characters (each with their unique traits) and attempt to clear the “gungeon”. As you explore you find guns, keys, items, and earn money for future unlockables that you purchase in the breach. You will encounter different environments, tons of enemies, traps, secrets, shops, and relentless bosses. This game is difficult so it might not be for everyone.THIS IS SO FRUSTRATING!When I first tried Enter the Gungeon I was not impressed. I felt like I was not progressing and I could not even beat the first boss. I gave up and moved on the other games. Recently I just gave “EtG” another shot and I had an absolute blast. There is a steep learning curve that the game does not explain. A few tips that really helped me are:-Use the weapons you pick up. Do not save them just for the boss.-Keys are extremely important. Prioritize keys over health in most situations.-Be patient and learn to use cover effectively. Do not disregard cover now that you have a better weapon.-Do not open every chest you see. Choose chests wisely and understand the risks of wasting keys. Brown chests are typically not worth it.-Dodge roll is a very important tool but use it sparingly. Rolling excessively will leave you vulnerable and create bad habits. Try side stepping instead.-Learn how passive reloading and weapon switching work. It took me awhile to figure this out.-When you see a chest shoot it once to check if it is a mimic.  It will not break the chest and it will save you a lot of trouble.-Know your enemy. Learn their attack patterns, learn where their bullets go, learn the gaps you can use to avoid taking damage.JUST ONE MORE RUN!After a couple of hours this game really hooked me. Every run is a unique experience. The sheer number of guns, enemy types, bosses, secrets, easter eggs, and references are insane. I wanted to keep exploring the “gungeon” in hopes to find something new. You can rescue characters throughout your exploration. Not only do the rescued characters sell you items, but some of them give you tasks such as completing a room using a specific gun. These events and challenges add even more variety to the experience and keep the whole thing feeling fresh even after many hours. It never felt repetitive! Not to mention, I always was improving my skills. I acquired better weapons and I became familiar with boss patterns and enemy attacks. I could ace the first floor without even being hit. That sense of progression was awesome and kept me interested.HOW BOUT DEM GRAPHICS?The music is decent, nothing outstanding besides the title track. The graphics are colorful and full of flair.  The enemies, bosses, weapons, and effects look neat. Particularly the weapons stood out to me. They are well animated and include highly detailed designs. The NPC’s dialogue and enemies made me laugh from time to time. The light heartedness helps you not rage, which is a good thing! Also, I should mention that this game controls wonderfully. Either with a controller or mouse, everything was responsive and snappy.SCORE:8/10"
,Recommended,311690,24482452,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Pickle Rick!,I've heard there is a third floor...
,Recommended,311690,27547210,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PKblaze,"The lovechild of Isaac and Nuclear Throne.It's tough, it's fun and it's beautiful!"
,Recommended,311690,25705777,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Whiteout,"Many Roguelikes seem to be RNG-heavy.  In other words, your success with the game and if you'll make it to the end heavily depends on if the game lets you have all of the tools you need.  Whether it's certain items that need to spawn on the floor or certain abilities you see, these greatly influence the game and are what ultimately determine what leads you to victory more than your skills ever will.Enter the Gungeon looks like just one of those games.  With its adorable and ridiculous characters that you see on the first floor that are literally bullets with guns, you'll think that you'll get a quick victory.  Combine this with the equally absurd guns that you can find throughout the Gungeon, such as a gun that literally shoots out the word ""Bullet"" at enemies, you'll think that this game will be a cake-walk so long as you can manipulate the RNG.  Your character even feels very powerful the second you begin the game with their starting weapons and you don't really feel weak at all in the beginning.  Then also, you've had years and years of practice with Binding of Isaac, which this game shares similar level design with!  How difficult could this game be when you've gotten all the achievements for Binding of Isaac or even Nuclear Throne by this point?To put it bluntly, your skills in past Roguelikes mean nothing in this game.Enter the Gungeon is a bullet hell that wants to claim you the second you descend into the chambers.  It does not care what kind of guns you have or how much health you've somehow obtained.  It doesn't care about what abilities your character has.  It doesn't even care that you're a master at other Roguelike games.  It just wants to make it so that you'll never get to the bottom and retrieve your prize.You have four ways to avoid death.  The first way is to simply avoid the attacks by moving around as you would with any other game.  The second way is the dodge roll, a new and nifty mechanic that allows you to have invulnerability from bullets during the first half of your roll.  When implented right, it allows you to avoid damage from waves and waves of oncoming bullets that would otherwise obliterate you on the spot.  You can also take cover behind objects, or flip up tables that are in any rooms and have them take hits for you while you reload your ammo.  And finally, there are Blanks, items that you can collect throughout the floors that when used, dispel any bullets being shot on the floor and save you from an entire storm of bullets you feel you couldn't deal with.These mechanics are what make the game what it is.  Not the absurd guns, not the ethereal atmosphere of the game, not the rather small amount of characters.  This game is a test of reflexes and quick thinking.  How quickly you can make the choice to either fire a blank, dodge roll, or simply move out of the way of an oncoming bullet in a split second is what this game is all about.For those wishing to test their mettle and don't want RNG getting in their way, I would very well reccomend this to anyone.  Even if you never do reach the bottom, you will always feel like you're having a wonderful time with the ethereal music playing in the background as you go about destroying everything."
,Recommended,311690,30449134,Posted: 11 March,all,Kevschnüffler,"After playing this game for what felt like ages (while it actually is not even 100h), I finally decided to write a serious review. I enjoy hard games and love rogue-likes, so I could not turn my back on ""Enter the Gungeon"".Story:The story is rich and compelling for a rogue-like. It has a dark vibe to it while being very colourful in its style. Don't expect any plottwists and such; there are non or close to none, but it underlines the game rather well.Gameplay:This is where rogue-likes usually triumph, and Enter the Gungeon does everything right: With literal hundreds of weapons, items, NPC's and even new playable characters (from the starting 5) to unlock the game never gets boring. All the characters and items are referrencing games, movies and shows from pop culture, giving a huge amount of humor to the game. In addition, you earn credits by defeating bosses you can spend on unlucking extra stuff which carries over the runs. Moving and dodge-rolling are fluent and feel pretty solid. For a quick training session once can unlock shortcuts to directly transport themselves to a certain floor. 5 floors are there to be beaten, each one with a variety of bosses from which one is chosen randomly at the end of each floor. But the game does not end there! Additional bossfights and floors are unlocked by finding secrets or beating a run multiple times.The weapons and items (nearly) all feel unique and add lore to the game within their item descriptions, much like one can find in the Souls-series. All items are randomized for each run as one would expect from such a type of game. Additional modes are unlocked by progressing, adding a little bit of variety by changing modifiers.Soundtrack:The music is nothing too fancy, but underlines the fast gameplay. Electro-synthbeats make you feel the flow while you're dodging and shooting out of all the barrels you may carry with you (I actually muted the music so I could listen to my own stuff).  The sounds help to determine dangers and suchalike for added concentration and suit the game well.Graphics:With colourful graphics this game has its own very unique style. Weapons and items are highly detailed and got their own animations for shooting, reloading etc. The particle effects look neat, too; breaking stuff or reloading a gun leaves some small remnants on the ground. Overall it fits the game and its atmosphere perfectly.What's left to say:Each character has an unlockable costume which is kinda neat. Local coop adds a little bit of a challenge by having a huge amount of particles on the screen, making it hard to differentiate between harmful bullets and your own shots; still, playing together with a friend is fun as hell. The recently published ""Supply Drop""-DLC is free and added a heapload of content, including new weapons, items, enemies, levels and NPC's. And I repeat: It is for FREE, which actually is not that natural nowadays.Overall, this game brought more tears and joy into my life than many other Triple-A titles. With a huge amount of content and its unique humor you won't be able to resist the urge to start another run!"
,Not Recommended,311690,22340995,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,xXUnderscoreXx,"At first, I liked this game. But after a while I realized this game has too many flaws.Notable Problems:1: Very low drop ratesDrops are a necessity in this game, but they are very rare. You need keys to get guns and ammo crates to fill up your guns. Even with an item that digs up drops, they are still very rare. Also, you have to pick up any drop except health as soon as it drops, or it will be stolen by a ""Resourceful Rat"" which ruins any strategy with rationing your drops.2: Super unrewardingThe bosses on each floor are rediculously repetitve, long annoying fights. Unlike in the Binding of Isaac, the soul heart equivilant (armor) counts as being hit. I don't understand why. The soul heart feature in isaac gives you the freedom to make a simple mistake. And even if you do a boss fight without getting hit at all, your reward is one heart up. ONE HEART. Technically, that's not actually all they do. The first time, they help unlock ""shortcuts"" or skipping floors. But you'll never use these shortcuts, because they are actually a hinderance. To beat the game, you need to get a large number of good guns (more later) so if you skip floors, you are putting yourself at a huge disadvantage. While it is true that skipping to later floors gives a small quantity of guns, it still is not enough.3: Too hard to get gunsSimilar to Issac, most items aren't that good. But getting the good ones is very hard. The good ones aren't rewards, like devil deals, they are completly luck based. For example, in Isaac, there are vast numbers of ways to get items, angel/devil deals, chests, item rooms, shops, boss rewardetc. But in this game, there are only 3 ways: shop, chest and boss reward. And the chests and shop items are very hard to get. Plus, these guns can be replaced by health ups, which is a problem. In Isaac, there are item pools. In The Gungeon, there are only teirs of chests.4: Too much luck basedLow pickup rates plus the immense difficulty to find good wepons is bad enough. Adding so much luck based stuff makes it worse. To have a sucsessful run, you need to get extremly lucky with chests, because you will need boss killing wepons and wepons for the floor. You also need a large amount of ammo crates and keys, another very difficult thing. And then if you get an annoying boss? Nope, that run is over over.5: Repetitive gameplayWant to complete a quest, alright, beat the game over and over until you slowly lower a ballon to the first floor. Want an achivement, flip over a huge amount of tables. OHH! Also kill a ton of enemies while riding minecarts, something that appears only on floor three! And complete quests that involve killing rare enemies over and over for new and sexy items (that really aren't that good, even if the planets align and you get it)I hope the devs can fix this game. It has great art style, music, and idea behind it."
76561198155787317,Recommended,311690,23279505,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Memeatemesis,"Enter the Gungeon is an absolutely wonderful and addicting game. Definitely one of my favorites, and I know I'll be playing it for months to come.Pros:-Immersive and addicting gameplay. It really does make you feel like a badass when you use the environment around you to kill enemies.-A huge variety of interesting and creative guns to use, making every run of the game different.-Very difficult, but in that way where you feel amazing once you get the hang of the game.-TONS of unlockables and secrets, meaning that you'll be entertained for a long time if you want to get 100%.-GORGEOUS pixel art. So much detail was put into the graphics of this game, down to showing marks in the walls when you hit them with bullets. It's beautiful.Cons:-The story and gameplay elements often seem to clash with each other. It's like the game has trouble deciding whether it wants to have a fleshed-out story, or if it wants to be solely gameplay-based. The playable characters and NPCs are charming, but I want to know more about them than just a few lines of dialogue. Perhaps a story mode would do it justice?-I am extremely disappointed that there isn't a finger gun in the game."
,Recommended,311690,22781451,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,AndrewB33,brutal - relentless - no mercy - hardcore - addictive - that's enough about my wife lets talk about the game!ONE MORE RUN!
76561198302795553,Recommended,311690,29549099,Posted: 28 January,all,Arachnid,"incredible game, i would highly recommend, but PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE add online multiplayer, it would just push this 9.9 to a 10"
,Recommended,311690,26545732,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kobo-a-gogo,"I Fliped a table.That table caused other tables to get flipped.Those tables slid across the floor and exploded on a Muscled Gull.I then killed myself by smoking for bonus coolness.smoking is bad, but this game is not."
76561197975253042,Recommended,311690,28496493,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Squirrel,Amazing bullethell rogue-lite twinstick shooter.  Great learning curve and very satisfying once you start getting perfect boss kills.
,Not Recommended,311690,22387030,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Aidsplosion,"I really wanted to like this one, but after playing for 8 hours, I'm at a point where I don't think I've progressed one bit into the game, and its not because of suckiness on my part. I don't mind replaying the same 2-3 first levels a bunch of time, but with this game, it feels like an absolute chore. Also, I was under the impression after watching the trailer that it would be raining guns à-la Borderlands. This isn't accurate at all, and sometimes I'm stuck against a boss with nothing but an awful pea-shooter(there is litteraly a pea-shooter in the game).I'd wish I played only 2 hours, so I could have hit that refund button."
,Recommended,311690,33085707,Posted: 1 July,all,Jukebox Potato,"Best bullet hell/rogue-like I've ever played. perfect sense of progression, and the difficulty is just right. Absolutely worth buying."
,Recommended,311690,26366113,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,neontiger07,Definitely a game for those who believe challenge breeds excellence.
,Recommended,311690,22787421,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Mysticore,"Some people are calling this game ""unbalanced"" after only a few hours of play time, when it actually rewards player skill and resource management over sheer item luck (which is obviously still present as this is a rougelike). You have to invest quite some time to improve and to figure out the optimal playstyle, especially if you're used to Isaac, where you get showered with resources and items/synergies can straight up win runs by themselves.I can understand that the difficulty isn't for everyone. Personally however, I enjoyed the (bullet) hell out of the game and will continue playing regularly despite having unlocked everything by now. It's really that good."
,Not Recommended,311690,22432393,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,YellowCellPhone,"I respect this game so much. It's charming, it's inspiried by great games while still be original, it's got so much polish, it's almost bugfree, and it's barely a week old. Gungeon is a better handled game in its first week than some games are after being out for over years. It's a game that can only get better as time goes on.Despite how much I respect this game, I'll be honest that I don't enjoy it. After playing Nuclear Throne for so long, Gungeon is just way too unsatisfying slow for me to stomach it. I don't have the drive to learn the game and get better at the game if I think it's a complete slog to get through even the first floor.People say it's a blend of Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne. I think Isaac fans will get far better enjoyment of this because it has an identical form to Isaac, while Nuclear Throne fans will see the gameplay as half-baked and poorly executed."
,Not Recommended,311690,22503037,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Xionus,"After playing this game extensively, I cannot reccomend Enter the Gungeon to most players. I see what the developers had hoped to make and while their influences are obvious (Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne are the most obvious), they failed to understand some of the mechanics of those games.Basic enemies, the same enemies that you see in the first level, will appear in later ones with increased health. This hampers the feel of progress and also makes guns lose their effectiveness as the game goes on. Why not just have more low-level enemies but increase the number of them in each encounter as you progress?I know these games can get real crappy if your RNG isn't right, but in Gungeon it's worse since each floor takes some time to complete. There are a massive amount of upgrades in this game - guns, stat increases, extra HP, items that enhance your Blanks (instead of bombs, blanks are pick-ups that open hidden walls AND destroy enemy bullets), even items that add an effect to flipping tables for cover. Yet due to all this variation you can wind up with a very weak start by getting a slew of joke/gimmicky guns, receiving niche upgrades such as table-flipping ones, or just not getting enough keys to open chests while the Shop has 4 pairs of hearts and a joke gun for sale.I understand that this game's focus is on it's large collection of guns and yet I find myself hoping for a basic no-frills AK-47 or shotgun instead of something wacky that does low damage just because of how much HP-scaling enemies and bosses hamper this game. Ammo can be an issue as it's not guarenteed to drop at all and MIGHT be sold in the shop. I found myself carrying 3 empty guns by level 4 when I first got there; I had 4 by the time I reached level 5.There are some nice quality-of-life improvements over it's contemporaries, but as a whole Enter the Gungeon left me feeling dissapointed after each run regardless of how well I did just because of how poorly equipped my loadout was - something that prior ""rogue-lite"" games did not do."
,Recommended,311690,32373138,Posted: 12 June,all,Loopster,"When I first watched the trailer of the game, it was spectacular!Just bought the game, and it seems quite nice.I love all the 8-bit style of the game, and the fast space shooting, and also while trying to dodge without getting hit.10/10 I would play this a long time. uwu"
76561198055276898,Recommended,311690,34672547,Posted: 1 September,all,Killerman321,This game is frustratingly hard to master but it's pretty easy to play. I've honestly yet to beat the game all the way through but this game has been hours of fun.
,Recommended,311690,31964325,Posted: 25 May,all,TheZeldaCat,"Amazing game! I would reccomend this skill based game to any gamer! I would rate it 9.5 out of 10 because it is such a great game, probably my favorite game on steam! Every floor has a different variety of difficulty and fun, there are even different bosses that are choses through RNG that you can fight, it's different every game! But, My favorite part is all of the great zelda references that they have in the game, such as the map NPC or the bottle active item. To anybody who may download this game, I would warn you that there is no leveling up  and it is completely skill based.P.S. Great price for a great game"
,Recommended,311690,25452317,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Emmanuel Macron,"This game is hard as my...teeth.Especially the bosses... Only them, actually.Few mobs are really harder than the others. I hate them. So much.Too many useless items and weapons.We need more powerful weapons... And the monsters are going to pay for them !But it's addictive, this game is beautiful, it's well-designed and the sounds are great...I never enjoyed losing repeatedly like this.Oh yeah...Non ! Rien de rien... Non ! Je ne regrette rien..."
,Recommended,311690,22252968,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Nekroim,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻[TABLE FLIPPING INTENSIFIES]
76561198000824147,Recommended,311690,34382065,Posted: 20 August,all,Vulcherok,"Best roguelike i have ever played. At first the high difficulty turned me off... but i stuck with it and can say that the replayability is IMMENSE and rewarding. The game's content depth is not at first apparent, but the amount of hidden content and unlocks will not dissapoint. Any roguelike lover's MUST-have."
,Recommended,311690,32064099,Posted: 30 May,all,☭Wohn Jick☭,"Enter the Gungeon is the pinacle of rougelike dugeon crawlers. Its vast array of guns and bosses means your almost guarenteed to never have the same things twice which keeps the game interesting and inviting even after loads of hours. I was looking for something different, unusual, and fun and I am happy to say this game did not dissapoint. The gameplay is excellent, the soundtrack is amazing, and the overall product is woth every penny. Only thing I would add is a co-op."
,Recommended,311690,22544727,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Annie T. Mood,"Ver. 1.0.6A gun-pun riddled dungeon-crawling rogue-lite shooty-shoot ""bullet-hell"" that's more reliant on the player's ability to play the game and less on the items found whilst playing.Aside from the opening and credits, the OST doesn't seem all that superb to me. At the very least they're fitting for the game.After playing with a controller and KB+M through multiple runs each, I think it all just comes down to a personal preference since the game is very much playable with both. There's even an option to change the Xbox button layout images to a PS4 layout. When playing with KB+M on windowed mode though the mouse doesn't stay in the screen so you can accidentally click outside and pause the game.There's a tutorial right from the get-go so long as you walk up to it yourself. It teaches you most of the very basic mechanics & features of the game but for the rest of everything you'd either have to figure it out for yourself or search online on what anything does with what.The game likes to shove the table flipping and dodge rolling to your face as if they're the most useful things ever in the game. The table flipping is barely helpful in the long run since they break pretty fast and bullets will start coming from more than one side. The dodge rolling, while is actually crucial, seems to be advertised as if it's the only way to dodge anything. If anything it's just for projectiles you can't move away from without taking damage. Like in an actual bullet-hell you can just take a few taps of movement keys each time to avoid bullets without having to rely on i-frames since most projectiles that come at you in this game are spread out. In case you're not feeling confident in dodging anything you've got a limited number of these bullet-clearing items, Blanks, that can wipe a room (or your surroundings) clean of enemy projectiles for a couple of seconds.The game starts you off with four characters available to choose from with two secret ones you can unlock. The only real difference about them are their looks, names, and starting items with their different effects. The four starters' standard guns are short-to-mid-range, low-damaging, peashooters with infinite ammo.Resources such as health, keys, & ammo are generally scarce so you're highly encouraged to be conserving whether that means to play it smart & better manage the usage of items or getting better at the game & making full use of what you've been given with little to no hitches. Or maybe a good mix of both. All that said there are loads of weapons and passive/active items to pick up and unlock.The game likes to boast about having loads of guns since it does. Unfortunately while these overly pop-culture-referenced guns can be useful when used properly they're hardly different from one another. For example the AK-47 just feels like a more accurate MAC-10; the RPG rockets just feel like a slower-reloading Stinger missile, except the Stinger missiles also have literal bees in 'em just because; the Mega Man gun thing and Metroid gun thing are practically one and the same as they're both semi-automatic, are both chargeable & are fully charged at about the same rate, and although I couldn't compare but I'd think they do the same damage too.All these guns have their uses in some form or another but plenty of 'em don't seemspecialfrom one another at times aside from their looks and their modern-audience-pandering information.The further you go down the Gungeon the spongier the enemies get somewhat, even the ones you've already encountered in previous levels, so it's almost encouraging you to use the stronger guns with limited ammo. You can try to keep using the infinity-peashooter for conservation purposes but the health scaling on enemies seems like it would more prolong enemy encounters than make them more difficult, especially for the later boss fights who begin to take far too long to kill when the standard infinity peashooter is used on 'em. Allthatsaid though I've found that you can get through practically more than half a run with more guns & items than you'd probably need with proper management and gameplay skill, but that's something the player has to learn on their own for the game is by no means easy and neither is there a difficulty setting for lowering it.A completed first run can take almost an hour to complete and right now there's no way to save a run in progress.Throughout playthroughs you'll come across cells and cell keys to unlock them, freeing NPCs who'll have their use outside and during runs. When a cell or a cell key is found there seems to always be the other from my experience, at least so long as the entire floor is cleared so the opportunity for more NPCs is at least more than often available. These NPCs consist of things like ones that give side quests, vendors outside of playthroughs that can add items to the RNG'd item pool, and extra stores during those playthroughs. Money is relatively scarce in the game unfortunately so the extra stores during a run will very often not find their use at all. The vendors outside of runs can add new items to the item pool in exchange for Hegemony Credits, a different kind of currency that are typically found after a boss fight.Some of the side quests given outside of runs take far too long. For one of the NPCs they give a ""hunt a number of these enemies for a reward"". The reward is a new item that's to be added to the item pool and some Hegemony Credits but the enemies required to be hunted down are usually far too little in number for just one run, meaning that you'd have to go through multiple runs just to complete one hunting quest.One of the NPCs provides shortcuts to the last 4 out of 5 chambers in exchange for various loads of gathered resources from multiple runs such as money, keys, and other various items that need to be on hand for the turn-in. Once the currently needed items is given and/or a shortcut is unlocked they stay that way at least.When going through the shortcut to the third chamber you're allowed one free gun from a choice of three. The choices given are randomly changed after the boss for that chamber has been defeated. For the fourth chamber you get a choice of two guns out of three and the same rule applies with the randomizing and the boss clearing thing. For the fifth chamber you can take all guns and the same rule thing applies. When going through these shortcuts though the bosses you defeat will never give Hegemony Credits.There's a difficulty increasing mechanic of sorts in the game called ""Curse"". Aside from the skull that appears on the top of the character each time a point of Curse is gained from doing anything related, there's no visible counter to look at to see how many exactly you have. That anything can consist of stealing from vendors to carrying around ""cursed"" items that add one Curse point so long as they're held. The more points you have on hand the more chances you'll have of encountering ""Jammed"" enemies (bosses included) which are basically harder versions of an enemy who have far more health, move & attack faster, have faster bullet velocities, and always deal a full heart's worth of damage (practically anything else does half  a heart against you) unless you have armor, in which case one piece of the armor goes first no matter what. The limit of points you can get is 10 and once it reaches that, an immortal enemy that will constantly follow and attack you will stick around for the rest of that run even if you somehow decrease the points you have on.Game's tough & requires actual need of a player's ability to get through it. I do think though a bit of balancing should be applied in this game not for difficulty's sake, but for enjoyment's.I found it overall fun nonetheless.Side-note: I think this should be marketed towards Asians more. Much of that playerbase has more fun with this than the casual ""Isaac"" crowd."
,Recommended,311690,33112977,Posted: 1 July,all,Karthik,Gunbelievable game.
,Recommended,311690,34002018,Posted: 3 August,all,Chip Skylark,With nearly 50 Hours on record for this game I must say this has been one of the best bullet hells I've ever played. I had doubts about this game at first considering I never enjoyed rogue like games or bullet hells in that case ( Like tower of guns etc) But when I tried this or I fell in love! With the variety of items and guns you can't possibly get bored. The part that makes the game fun is how hard some of the enemies are. As you progress throughout the whole game each stage comes a different boss and a harder one at that. I haven't even beat the last boss yet but I keep coming back. Sure it's repetitive just killing the same thing over and over again but each run provides a new challenge! So I highly recommend that u try this game even if your aren't a fan of these types of games( Coming from a fps player)
,Not Recommended,311690,22639523,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ceol,"Gorgeous pixel art and animations hide an unbalanced, frustrating mess. You'll find yourself wondering why you just aren't playing The Binding of Isaac or Nuclear Throne, who handle their respective niches much better.Gungeon appears to have taken the slow, strategic, and stingy rooms of Isaac and mashed them up with Nuclear Throne -- without tuning them for faster-paced combat requiring intense concentration. Each room feels like a slog to get through, and chances are, they won't reward you with anything for your efforts. The same is true for bosses: Encounters that should inspire the player to get better end up discouraging them, because the fights take far too long for the amount of concentration the player needs.The lack of meaningful rewards, the difficulty of trash rooms, and the length and intensity of boss fights would each be fine on their own. However, Gungeon combines the three, as though that combination is how you make a game challenging. If one of these aspects were changed, Gungeon would be a great game. As it stands, though, it suffers from a startling lack of balance, and I find myself regretting the $15 more often than not."
,Recommended,311690,23030165,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,IndigoHero,"This game is unbelievable.At 83 hours in, I'm still being surprised. Just when I think I've reached the limits of this game, I find something new. Something exciting. Something that will pull me in for another 10 or 20 hours.Mind you, I haven't read any spoilers or tips online. That would ruin the magic of this game. There are few other games with as many hidden, but solvable, puzzles and secrets as Enter the Gungeon. I really thought I'd have nailed down the logistics of an optimal run by now, but just when I think I've got it... BAM! Something happens to shake things up!If you enjoy bullet hells, roguelites, and exceptional game design, pick up this game."
76561198071833965,Recommended,311690,23486203,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Solly Soupcan,Killed a giant eyeball with a giant exploding banana. 10/10
,Recommended,311690,25527040,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,IrriNinja,This game is (f)unfair.
,Recommended,311690,22380898,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Lavos,"I was incredibly excited for this game to release. The hype was really, really real.Enter the Gungeon is colourful, vibrant and the pixel particle effects and animations are really something special.  Some of the guns are really cool too, like the Gungeon Ant that fires puddles of flammable oil, then, when reloaded, shoots fireballs to ignite your insanely cute and equally lovable Bullet Kin enemies, and the Gun Bow, you can probably guess on this one. The pop-culture references are really interesting also, like the Proton Pack from Ghostbusters and the Cobalt Hammer, an endorsement to CobaltStreak and Richard Hammer, two great Twitch streamers. Contrary to popular opinion, this game really isn't too much like The Binding of Isaac or Nuclear Throne, having put 440*+ hours into Rebirth/Afterbirth and 140*+ hours into Nuclear Throne, I can't really feel it. I hate to say it, but I'm not as big of a fan of this game as I wanted to be, hell, what I was expecting to be. There's 4 playable characters, with 2 extra unlockable characters that are seriously tough to unlock, which cuts the amount of replayability this game offers. Gungeon is fun, don't get me wrong, it's a blast, but it's just too difficult. I consider myself at least half-decent at games of its caliber, such as the previously mentioned pieces, but this game seriously puts me in my place. It's a repetitive, somewhat annoying, linear system of finding a great weapon to carry you through the insanely progressively difficult floors and if you don't, you can put money on your demise. The synergies are lackluster too, they're no-where near as fun or exciting as something like a homing, quadshot brimstone (TBOIR) or a nuke launcher with boiling veins (NT), they are shamefully infrequent too. However, this game's music is cool and catchy, and I particularly love the main theme and could sit in the menu listening to it forever.I struggled with whether to reccomend this game or not, not on it's cheerful soundtrack, stunning visuals, sometimes interesting and definately plentiful weaponry or it's cool lore, but on the idea of it being just too hard, on a run-to-run basis, resources are very rare, items in the game's shops are very expensive and the majority of the 'Gungeons' guns suck. Some of the bosses are fun to fight, and some are a frustrating nightmare of difficulty, and after trawling through the strenuous floors, you can die in seconds of entering a boss room if low on ammo or health (especially one you haven't faced before and you're unfamiliar to it's attacks and whatnot)Overall, I like Gungeon, and this review, as you can see, is a positive one that recommends the game. But I'm not quite sure yet if Gungeon is on a similar level to the games it's so often compared to, or even other, fun, Rogue-likes, I feel it sits alone, crying, in the corner over it's uncanny differences and punishing nature begging for some form of training option in the Breach where players can hone their skills and become a more competent Gungeoneer that enjoys the game a whole lot more, a rather severe balancing alteration to just about everything in the game, or a difficulty slider.I hope this review hasn't made me come across as a naysayer of Enter the Gungeon, because I'm not, I'm a huge fan, that's why I've emphasised it's strong points and left this as a recommended review to sink into the statistics. But this game could be a lot better, offering just as much replayability as well-cemented gods of the Rogue-like genre. Gungeon has potential, the things I like about this game definately out-weigh the negatives, but this review is to aid those questioning Gungeons difficulty, and yeah it's real tough."
76561197973270891,Recommended,311690,22254775,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Terminator,"Enter the Gungeon is a bullet hell / dungeon crawler in the same vein as Nuclear Throne & The Binding of Isaac's. To progress, you'll need to collect shell casings as currency for purchasing more powerful guns & items which range from the mundane to the downright bizarre. There's real depth here, and you'll spend hours in the Gungeon learning it's quirks & discovering new secrets. Expect a tough challenge & brutal boss encounters that'll test all but the most ardent player. The market is brimming with similar games, but few match this polished gem."
,Recommended,311690,34218893,Posted: 13 August,all,Dagoth Ur-ethra,pretty great gamefun guns/referencescool bossesnice characters/abilitiesthe quad laser from ATHFi hate the mine flayer though
,Recommended,311690,22341995,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Old Gregg,"Tight controls with solid core gameplay mechanics.AI isn't particularly good but you have dodging, blanks, and dual-stick movement with varied environments to help you with the point of the game --the bullets.They really need to improve the couch co-op and/or consider online multiplayer.There's probably little reason that the 2nd player has to be the gimpy purple robed dude, or that you have to figure out how to access co-op in the first place."
76561198045061352,Recommended,311690,22338549,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,doctorfunknasty,"Top down shooter similar to Super Smash TV. It's like SSTV, but more RPGish.Very fun. Very unforgiving. Kind of difficult, but in a fun way."
,Recommended,311690,24976793,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Dynamit-Harry,"it's a quite fun game, like an alternative to ""the binding of isaac"".if you want fast-paced top-down action with a ton, A TON of guns, buy this!9/10 it is quite hard but still quite fun to play"
76561198045433475,Recommended,311690,24676983,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,CopabX,You will cry. You will scream. You will find a rainbow chest and become a believer in RNG-esus.... and then die in Bullet Hell anyways.
76561198083704215,Recommended,311690,22291306,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,dubstepdeejay,A cute parody of what it's like to live in Detroit.
76561198074280370,Recommended,311690,33169329,Posted: 2 July,all,MichaelEgenD,"Most Challenging Game ever.If you want to bedodge pro, try this game,If you areRogue Like Fans, Try itIf you areDark Soul player, Try this."
,Recommended,311690,34975949,Posted: 15 September,all,Kinix,"Enter the Gungeon is a top down shooter roguelike with a heavy emphasis on guns n puns.This is that baby that Nuclear Throne and Binding of Isaac made that ends up being much better than its' parents and becomes the most polished roguelike I've played to date.Everything from the soundtrack to the pixels to the gameplay. It looks, feels, and sounds good. This game have II polish.The gameplay is like every other roguelike: go from room to room, and shoot things. Do this for 5 floors, and win. Very standard to the formula. But it does this so incredibly well. Sure it doesn't do much of anything that's really innovating, but what it does makes it rank up with the greatest roguelikes, such as Isaac, Nuclear Throne, FTL, and Necrodancer. It doesn't exactly take the top spot, but it sits perfectly up there with the games that pioneered ideas. For a roguelike that doesn't do anything super new, it's impressive that it can take that spot.The slow pace can either kill your interest, or keep your interest. You thought Isaac was slow? This is slower. The floors are huge, most enemies take 3+ hits to kill, and a completed run takes an average of an hour long. If you came to this from Nuclear Throne like I did, this is a glaring issue. BUT I do think Isaac players will feel right at home here. I eventually got used to the pacing, and actually enjoy it now. Not every roguelike needs to go the speed of sonic the hedgehog, and this game proves that.The balancing ""issue"" is all based on what you think of it. The key drops are rare, the ammo drops are rarer, and you could be starving for materials if you aren't careful. IN MY OPINION, this issue isn't an issue at all. It makes you think before you make a choice, instead of just buying and unlocking everything in sight. Many people will have a problem with this, but that may be your fault if you aren't using your resources wisely.The last topic is the difficulty. This game is DIFFICULT. It does NOT play nice, so if you expect to steamroll through this bad boy, you are going to have your dreams crushed in your first few runs. DO NOT purchase this expecting something easy, Gungeon is up there as one of the more/most difficult in the genre. All I can ask is, know what you're getting into before you play.I give Enter the Gungeon a solid 9/10. This game is known as a great for a reason."
76561198011769066,Not Recommended,311690,22923022,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Fruitcake,"While this game appeared quite novel, fun and interesting at first, it has become harder and harder to get into the game anymore as it feels like there is not much more on offer so to speak. It feels stagnant and really slow at times, where I would honestly prefer non-stop dodging rolling in and out of cover through bullets and so on, it quickly came boring and methodical, not the high risk rush I was hoping for looking at the gameplay.Im kinda dissapointed to be honest."
76561198178283189,Recommended,311690,34227668,Posted: 13 August,all,DarkLuigi Games,Epic Gameplay.Awesome Bosses.Awesome Characters.Great Storyline.Bunch of Weird cool Guns.Difficulty at my Level of choice.And a ton of Mysteries to be solve which keeps me playing this.
,Recommended,311690,23574909,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,SirSerket,Anybody who gives a negative review couldn't pass the first chamber.
,Recommended,311690,30297302,Posted: 3 March,all,Underpins,Imagine isaac.Now stop and buy gungeon
76561198045186193,Recommended,311690,32864944,Posted: 27 June,all,Benevolent Jim,"Its a pretty solid game,perfect when you need a quick round of something.Buy it on sale though."
76561198068096298,Recommended,311690,26187851,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Pumpthiest,So far I love this game. Great bullet hell rouge like. If you are a fan of Binding of Isaac and Dark Souls this is a must buy.
,Recommended,311690,30206153,Posted: 26 February,all,Skoll,"I didn't like rouge-likes until I played this.A lot of content, a lot of replayability. Definitely worth it.online coop pls"
,Recommended,311690,30782009,Posted: 27 March,all,Chaquinn,"This game is very good, but only if you like a challenge. Its pretty hard and in the beginning you'll most likely be getting your butt kicked. Aside from that, its a great game. The art style is nice, it has a lot of replayability, its a good way to test your reaction time, and there's lots of content to unlock. I'd definetly recommend this game."
,Recommended,311690,25840145,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Shaz,"I absolutely adore this game, and I can honestly say it's the most polished and mechanically intricate small team production I've ever played. As many have pointed out it is brutally difficult and may FEEL unrewarding at first, as you're just pummeled by RNG and brown chests and seemingly impossible bosses.But you just need to power through. Soon enough, you'll learn the attack patterns of every minion, realize that items can have unseen combinations, and all sorts of other ""hidden"" mechanics. Through accumulating all this information and training your muscle memory, you'll quickly develop the skills to overcome all of it, unlock the mysteries of the Gungeon and claim the throne as the ultimate Gungeoneer.I mean, bullets that shoot guns which shoot bullets. Seriously wish I could buy this fckn thing twice!!11/10 / Bring on the Supply Drop update!"
76561197983277487,Not Recommended,311690,23080393,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Kinetic,"UPDATE 2/24/2017:  This game is a great way to kill time (Not the last boss, unfortunately) but I still don't recommend it.  The recent patches have improved item pool depth and variety for sure.  That being said each run is still infuriatingly slow to get off the ground!  Unless you're incredibly lucky and get a high-end drop on floor 1, you're looking at investing 15-20 minutes just to get to a point where (A) You have a decent build and can continue or (B) There is nothing in your future but the gnashing of teeth should you choose to continue deeper into the Gungeon.I've killed three characters' pasts and am currently working on the Pilot.  He is nauseatingly bad by default but I enjoy his potential (multiple actives, cheaper shop prices).  In the 30 or so runs I've done recently only 3 of them reached the Dragun.  This is all post-patch so there was a lot of new content and, unfortunately in learning some of the new bosses (Mine Flayer is just rough), enemies (Jam-chanters could use a tileset adjustment), and tilesets (holy crap some of them are ridiculously punishing >.<) I just took a few too many hits and couldn't finish.Anyways, 10% - that feels like a fair estimate of the percentage of playtmie where I'm actively enjoying this game.  another 20-30% is worth playing in anticipation / hope of a fun run, and the remaining time is spent re-rolling upon reaching Floor 3 after getting the shaft on useful / fun drops.ORIGINAL REVIEW: I've played this game a fair bit after having a very negative initial reaction.  It definitely has been growing on me!  Combat is fast, the reloads - while annoying at times - make for some strategic decision making for many of the guns, and dodge rolls have very high skill ceilings for optimal play.  So much potential!At its current state I still wouldn't recommend it though.  There are so many amazing guns, and even moreso SO many fun passives!  You'll just never see them.  The number of runs you will do where you don't get decent items from chests - if you have keys to open chests at all - seem to far outweigh the number of runs where items make the game interesting.  Sadly, I'm still having terrible luck with Ammo drops so I can't use non-default guns most of the time.On top of that the store is INCREDIBLY trolly.  What's that?  You have three chests unopened in this level?  Well, how about I offer you nothing but health and Blanks in the shop?  If I had one suggestion it would be a way to exchange health for keys because I routinely end up leaving health drops and unopened chests on many floors.  Anyways, that's enough griping.  Tons of potential here, but there's still a fair bit of work to be done to strike that perfect balance of power vs. challenge."
76561198057453695,Recommended,311690,32888849,Posted: 27 June,all,Your actions have consequences,I'm just writing this to get stickers.
,Not Recommended,311690,22348437,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Postage Stamp,"Do I recommend Enter the Gungeon?It feels like there is a very good game sitting in front of me that's just a bit off.  I really want to recommend it to people.  But I'm very hesistant.First let's talk about what the game does right.  It's got beautiful pixel art.  The soundtrack is amazing.  Bulletkin are adorable enemies to kill.  The game itself takes the idea of Guns + Dungeon and runs with to the end.  I can really appreciate a game that has a consistent theme and doesn't open a DnD monster manual to figure out what enemies to add.There are a couple parts where Gungeon fails as a game.Accuracy is a stat.It's pretty bad when you try and make a skill based game that smudges the players aim simply to pad the stat list.  This means all your shots won't hit their targets with all guns.  I don't want to make a lot of Binding of Isaac comparisons, but this is one thing BoI does right: shots go where you shoot them.Many enemies look the same.This is a problem when you're trying to make a snap decision about how to deal with a room.  Too many of the bulletkin look exactly the same but function differently.  The shopkeeper will tell you that ""Rubber bullets don't hurt"" (they don't cause damage).  At one point I believed the game was lying to me when they were causing damage.  Turns out there are two enemies that are different shades a purple, attack in the same way, but one causes damage and the other doesn't.  This isn't an isolated occurance -- a lot of enemies look similar and function differently.It's about dodging patterns except when it isn't.Most Dungeon Shumps depend on easily memorizable patterns for enemy fire.  The game increases it's difficulty by throwing enemies that spam bullets in unmemorizable patterns at you.  Sometimes this is fine because you can use the dodge roll mechanic to get out of it.  Sometimes this leads to unavoidable damage because the spam cloud is so large dodge rolling will just land you in more bullets.Unavoidable DamageOne of my runs ended when I opened a chest.  This chestwas a mimicand caused unavoidable damage when I opened it.  Being on half a heart (and hoping the chest might contain health) this ended the run.  I've had quite a few runs where I've set the controller down gently and thought to myself ""There was nothing I could do there"".  They weren't rage inducing moments where you fling the controller across the room.  They were moments accepting that it was just unfair RNG and the only thing to do was to move on.It's not a Dungeon full of Guns.This is the worst offender for me.  I bought the game expecting a Dungeon overflowing with fun firearms to use.  There are definitely some awesome guns.  But for every ""I could kill everything with this thing"" gun there are 10 limp noodles.  Most guns turn out to be highly situtational.  Sadly many guns don't fall into the 'boss killer' category meaning they're not a power upgrade.  The real difficulty spikes happen when you face bosses, and your ability to progress is more dependent on if you can kill a boss than if you can clear a room.  Fighting the second floor boss with the starting weapons just isn't fun after doing it so many times.Some things that are more personal opinion about why I do not like the game.  Others may not care about these points, or find them to be positives:Elimitation of most of the Meta Game.Passives are highly situtational and usually useless.  If you leave anything lying in a room without using it there is a good chance an NPC will come along a 'steal' it.  They leave a note thanking you for the item.  It feels like they're trying to actively encourage you to not play levels as resource provides and only offering items the moment they drop.  Many times you'll realize that an item dropped after leaving the room but come back to only find a note.  This aspect to me is just Not Fun as a long time Binding of Isaac player.Offscreen enemy firingMost enemies can see you when you can't see them.  You'll occassionally walk into enemy fire without seeing the enemy.Hitboxes I could drive a Haul Truck through.This isn't Ikaruga with a small hitbox.  Many times a bullet will graze your head and you'll take damage.  The problem is the visual representation differs from the way the game functions.  I expect some bullets to travel behind me (because of the semi-isometric view) but they still end up hitting me because of how large my hitbox is.  This cuts both ways in the end -- enemy hitboxes are huge as well.  You can often shoot the top tip of an enemies head and cause damage when they're coming aroudn a corner.Ultimately, to most gamers, I would not recommend Enter the Gungeon.  If someone was a long time fan of Isaac/Nuclear Throne/Our Darker Purpose and wanted something new I might recommend it.  If you're interested since it bleeds an amazing look you may want to pick it up (or wait for a sale).  If you're looking for a skill based game in the genre I'd look at something else.Also, if a 13 year old came to me and asked for a game they could spew ""Git Gud"" at anyone who disagreed with their opinion about it, I would recommend this game.  Earn your tutorial achievement and post ""Git Gud"" ;)"
,Recommended,311690,22334204,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,DarkFrost,"As someone who isn't all that into shooty rogue-lites but still likes them, I love this game and hate it at the same time. I will start off by saying this game is HARD. But so are all rogue-lites, you are supposed to get good at them by playing it over and over again and eventually the patterns are muscle memory and you can dodge without thinking. But being the noob I am, this game has given me a lot of frustration along with the fun. I think this frustration comes from the really boring early game this game provides. Your starting weapons and passives aren't anything super fancy and sometimes you don't even get a secondary weapon on the first floor. But that' RNG for ya. The problem though is not that the first floors are hard, it's that they are boring. You need to get through the starting floors with a bad arsenal to access the glory that awaits in the later floors. Comparing it to isaac, It's like starting as Maggy and getting stuff like mom's lipstick and sister maggy but then getting brimstone once you reach the late game. Despite my awfulness at this game I won't say it isn't fun, once you DO get good at it, the weapon vareity in this game is insane, there is a gun that shoots bees for ♥♥♥♥s sake (it carried my first run real hard). Do I recommend it? ABSOLUTELY, would you like it too? That depends if you are willing to go through the learning curve that this game is gonna throw at you because once you do that. This game is gonna give you the most amazing experiences."
76561198156823240,Recommended,311690,25911487,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Gero_timo,"Don't believe people who say it's too hard!Sure it has a high difficulty, but the game is'nt expecting you to complete the first two levels on your first few runs.After a couple of times, more unlockables will come to aid you in the Gungeon.And never rush this game!Scan the room, observe the enemy and you've got yourselve a solid, quality game!10/10, would kill more bullets with bullets again!"
,Recommended,311690,26548954,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Soup Can,"this is a very fun bullet hell,Rouge Like Game.Its similiar to Binding Of Issac.This is a difficult game,until you get used to it doging can be difficult for some *cough* Me *cough*. The price is very understandable though.They are still updating but not that frequently.Anyway its a good game if you need more convincing watch a youtuber play it."
76561198015951323,Recommended,311690,31170533,Posted: 15 April,all,Awesomeness3000360,This game is by far one of the most fun games i've played for a while it has so many diffrent ways that the game can be played and it never gets old because of the random item chests and drops. Each character is unique in their own way. This kind of game is one of the kind of games that pushes me forward in my goal to becoming a game desinger.
,Recommended,311690,30433902,Posted: 10 March,all,Yodzilla,"Enter the Gungeon definitely had balance issues at launch (one major one caused by a nasty bug) but it's a fantastic game that'll give players many hours of play. The graphics are great, it's got a wonderful sense of humor, and it's good fun. Yeah sometimes the RNG gods will curse you with a garbage run but hey that's roguelites for you. Gameplay is super tight and there are a ton of weapons, abilities, and passives to unlock and combine.Co-op is kind of a swing and a miss for me due to camera issues but really that's my only major complaint. Good game."
,Not Recommended,311690,22400979,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Insemination Station,loses its charm pretty quickly
76561198050787659,Recommended,311690,25627147,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,ZeroKelvin,Worth a shot. Or several.One more run...
76561198163708243,Recommended,311690,22521790,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Dilaxer,"Enter The Gungeon ReviewGood ThingsThis game is a perfect example of what a rogue-like game should be like. Simple.Rich.Long Lasting.This game is heavily influenced by Binding of isaac (Being the biggest inspiration) as well as games like ""Nuclear Throne"" ""Dark Souls"" and some other games.*Simple* - Story is easy to understand, controls are familiar, isn't very original.*Rich* - Lot's of guns and items each being different, intresting enemies and challenging bosses.*Long Lasting* - Game has enough content and a great Co-Op for You to have atleast 30+ hours spent on it.Sound/Audio in this game is great and that short 5 second ""Chi Ching"" after you defeat a hard enemy or a boss doesn't lack a great feeling of ""Booyah!""Pixely Art Style matches perfectly with audio and doesn't ""Scratch Your eyes"". Infact, it feels very well done.Bad Things*Hard to find secret rooms* - Unlike in Binding Of Isaac where there was a method of doing so, in Enter The Gungeon there is no ""Right"" or ""Accurate"" way of finding a secret room.*Needs some balancing there and there* - This might not be a problem for everyone, but I feel like some boss fights are a bit unfair and seem impossible to not get hit by it once, making it harder to gain masteries later during the game.Conclusion: Is a great game and is worth a shot. 9/10"
,Recommended,311690,29737751,Posted: 6 February,all,Waluigi,I found a gun that was actually a bullet that shot guns that shot bullets10/10 would play again
76561198048404089,Not Recommended,311690,25458150,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ImGerik,"Great game. But the RNG and the slow pace brings it down hard.It's fun, characters are cool, artstyle is nice, but it's pretty slow for a typical roguelike.Weapons/buffs are few and far between, and some of those weapons/buffs are insignificant or worse than your original. As bosses are defeated, currency can be exchanged for ""better"" items, but the RNG rarely lets you see them.It's good, but I don't reccommend it."
,Recommended,311690,30955387,Posted: 4 April,all,Nintendad,my GOTY 2016
76561198074844695,Recommended,311690,24350703,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Bill,"Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Verygood gameIt's binding of isaac, but with gunswhat more could you want?"
76561198068752801,Not Recommended,311690,22389158,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Vorian Rotten,"Read Snarke's review, he summarizes the game pretty much to a t.  For TL;DR mode:   Hard is good, but dying countless times making no progress with one or two worthless items at your disposal and maybe a half decent weapon if you're really lucky, and I feel that continuing to play is not rewarding at all.  Being one who rages and gets frustrated pretty easily, I really don't like being reset to level one with absolutely nothing but starting gear every time I die.  May be a great game, but I would like to be able to save my progress and not be continuously reset.  That lack of progression kills it for me."
,Recommended,311690,31351724,Posted: 24 April,all,Malakai The Ninja,"Shoot your bullets at other bullets that want to shoot their bullets at you.Just shoot everything, really.Except the shopkeep, he get mayud at you..."
,Not Recommended,311690,32861529,Posted: 27 June,all,Veldkameel,"I love the visual style of this game. It just looks amazing. The character design, the guns, the environment. Everything just looks great. The sounds are good too and so is the music. The basic gameplay loop is good fun and very skill based for the most part. Sometimes you'll get screwed over by certain enemies spawning in at crazy locations or way too close to the player making avoiding damage impossible, but those occurences are few and far between and not a deal breaker.What is a dealbreaker for me though is that even after around 10 hours of play I have no sense of progression whatsoever. So yes I have unlocked a few guns and items, but even the items and guns that are unlocked rarely ever appear in game. What guns and items you find is purely based on luck. What's even worse though is that 10 hours of fighting the same bosses over and over again gets really old. The levels are randomly generated but that doesn't mean every run feels different. In fact... Every run feels exactly the same. The basic layout of the map may be different, but the level looks the same, plays the same and overall feels the same. Like fighting the same bosses over and over again, running through the same levels over and over again als gets old really fast. As far as I know by playing the game for 10 hours is that there is no way to buff up your characters at the beginning of a run. You always start out the same. No buffs, no perks and no items other than the ones the character already has from the beginning. For me... Even the discount price was too much. I'm done with this game."
76561198122278483,Recommended,311690,22285437,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Manticore,"Awesome Bullet Hell it has a nice artstyle, cool levels, perfect theme and hilarious item descriptions. Although I find it ♥♥♥♥ing hard and I've died way too often on the first bossfight I would recommend this heavily.I only see two cons.1. The soundtrack: it's not bad but it's also not as good as it ould have been.2. The starter guns: when you start a new run your character (there are multiple you can choose from with diffrent items and guns) has one or two guns (always the same) until you find another gun (on the first floor I've found 0-2) you are stuck on this basic gun. Since these guns just fire generic bullets, have no cool theme, small magazines and quite a slow fireing speed the start is boring if not even ennoying.While these two points could be improved the game is still super fun and I would recommend it. Just be aware it is bullet hell so if you've never played one maybe watch a youtube video on it. (Here's one gameplay starts at 10:25 before that theres the (optional) tutorialhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX4-EVLH3u8)"
76561198100446726,Recommended,311690,23072894,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,To Asgaard,"I recommend this game 100 times over.  Such a fun and unique game that feels super well rounded due to the variety and large number of different and unique weapons and equipment.  There are a good number of different and interesting npcs within the game as well, and multiple characters to choose from.  The combat feels very fresh and exciting each and every playthrough, and the combat has the perfect difficulty level imho.  Also the music and artstyle are both so very spot on.  I was hooked the moment I started the game up and heard the beautiful song that plays at the startup screen.  Just such a good game and I happily recommend it to anyone looking for a good game with plenty of replay value.  I'll include a link to a video that I did recently covering the game and gameplay in depth.  Feel free to check it out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMz4N4JK9EA"
,Recommended,311690,25526746,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,✨ Hatty ✨,"Really enjoying this game.============================PROs:- Cool Characters with different bonuses, one has a dog who follows you sniffing out items and mimic chests, another has a neat lock pick to pick into chests. Etc! You can find people hidden too!- They're updating with a big update of guns and items soon, so the devs are active.- Levels are randomly generated.- Bosses are randomly generated.- Same with the enemies ^- Traps, hidden secrets on levels.- Shops! You can shop for items per level and sell guns you don't like.- The pixel graphics are super cute and the animations with bullets and their AI are something comparable to Undertale bosses, jeez.It's a rogue-like, but with guns.It's really easy to use on keyboard and gamepad too, it also has co-op.My husband and I play two player, but you can't choose the second player's character sadly :(--------------------------------------- The game is difficult. 12.6 Hours in and I've barely beaten the first levels.- No way to set difficulty.- Item pickups are really low, I want to see this in the next few updates."
76561198118039676,Recommended,311690,28406916,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Shina (Temporarily Inactive),Reaching stage 5 in this game is like trying to eat a Carolina Reaper with chilli flakes on top.
,Recommended,311690,29816659,Posted: 9 February,all,Artist Formerly Known as Rinse,"As someone that is pretty much a greenhorn to the bullet hell AND rogue-like genres let me just say. Enter the gungeon is a freaking masterpiece. I have put over a 100 hours into it and find myself wanting to play it more and more. There is always more to do, to see, to unlock and to fight. I didn't even know the game had unlockable characters until the 50 hour mark and didn't even successfully unlock any till the 100 hour mark. This game has obscene replay value.Pros:+Adorable but still very clear art style+Great combat and excellent flow+Obscene amounts of hidden stuff+More variety of weapons than more or less any game I have ever played+Clever enemy design and fun bosses+Local Co-op!+Still being updated and expanded on+Supremely challenging but incredibly rewarding, you always make progress, regardless of how far you make it+Interesting curse/coolness mechanic+Well written and incredibly funny+Interesting characters with good gameplay diversity+Highly interactive environments. Kick a table over for cover, spill water then electrify it, spray oil then light it on fire. drop a chandelier on someones head. The list goes onCons:-ETG takes the Dark Souls route of basically explaining nothing to you and letting you figure it out on your own-Sometimes the RNG can be frustrating (Getting a single squirt gun on chamber one and having to fight the boss with the starter pistol for example, though this is a rarity)-The game lacks comprehensive stats (unlike Dark souls for example) So you don't know the damage difference between say a starter pistol and a railgun.-Some bosses (on the same tier) are an order of magnitude more difficult than others. Cursed bosses are just nightmarish (As they should be)-Co-op player HAS to choose the cultist, which makes sense (He is the only one that can rez) But still the option to be different characters for a different dynamic would be appreciated.All in all ETG is a supremely tight game. It plays great it feels great and it looks great (Considering the retro style) The co-op is excellent, though it is worth it for JUST the single player in my opinion.100 hours in and still need to unlock the other character and haven't even seen all the chambers or beat all the bosses yet. Insanity. Here we go again entering the gungeon.All in all my FAVORITE game of 2016. A+"
,Recommended,311690,33170058,Posted: 2 July,all,HyperTumor,This game makes Binding of Isaac like a baby's bullet hell.Its pretty fun tho i enjoyed both Binding of Isaac and this game.The only thing this game lacks is Multiplayer online Co-Op. That would be amazing.
76561198003548499,Recommended,311690,33109222,Posted: 1 July,all,Baklasj,"A really good game that I keep coming back to, and actually has enough variation to keep me interested (at least thus far).Pros*Fair punshments - I never felt like the game was being unfair*Good difficulty ramp*Awesome art styleCons*All the hours I've lost when I should've been studying*All the practice I need to git gud10/10 would gun again"
,Recommended,311690,31087007,Posted: 11 April,all,Deathskull5,"This is the best game I ever played, hands down, what you do is explore the Gungeon and try to get to the 5th chamber to kill your past, there are over 100 guns in the game and over 100 items,  there are over 15 bosses and it has a shop where you can buy items and guns. This is a Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne baby and I highly suggest you get it.PS. I played the crap out of the PS4 version, about 50 hours in total"
76561198042327711,Recommended,311690,22546778,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,PiemanFiddy,"DISCRETION: This review will contain mild spoilers about the game.I've probably put more time into this game than any other game in the last couple weeks. This game is incredibly fun and addicting, and here's how I'd put it:Pros:-------Unique Experience. Every level is procedurally generated, and filled with an assortment of different rooms with which to fight your enemies. You can flip tables for cover, dodge out of the way of enemy bullets, and even use traps to your advantage. I have yet to see everything in this game myself, but from the looks of it already, it's already a blast!-Destructible Environment. You flip that table up for cover? I got bad news, they can shoot that crap down! There's also an assortment of cool (yet rather pointless) amenities on the ground, such as crates, armor stands and barrels! You can of course break these down too. It may not have a purpose but it is OHHH so satisfying!-Fast-paced combat. You ever wanted to play a game like The Binding of Isaac, but it had 1000% more bullet hell added to it? Well this is what you get. Right off in the beginning of the game, I was thrown into a room with an enemy that shot a giant diamond-patterned bullet barrage at me, and completely caught me off guard. There are also standard shooters, shotgunners, and of course the insanity that follows every boss fight o_o. This game is definitely not made for the people that take their time, if you are caught in a barrage, you'd better be ready to roll effectively!-Comical Relief. This game is absolutely FULL of comical references, and references to other video games. Pretty much every boss name is a pun on something, and almost every enemy is themed on some form of weapon. Be it a literal, walking bullet, or a rolling bomb.-Character Selection. Every available character to you from the start of this game each has their own unique weapon or item attached to them. You can of course obtain these weapons normally through the game, or you can start with one! Be it a character with the ability to lockpick chests if you have no keys, or a character with a crossbow and a pet dog! The choices are yours, and they're 100% awesome.Cons:-------Variety. After you do a couple dozen runthroughs of this game, you quickly begin to realize that procedural generation has a limit on how interesting it can get. Albeit it's nothing that would stray you too far from this game, but I feel as though perhaps there should be a few more changes to this. Character Selection could do with a bit of variety as well, in the way of weapons and active items.-Balancing. Some bosses in this game are downright crazy hard. Hard to the point where you want to rip your hair out and never play it again. I feel as though some guns in this game as well as bosses could do with a bit of tweaking. Of course, this is a bullet hell-style game, so naturally for me this is already an issue. That being said, I have no intention of quitting on this game, due to how fun bullet hell actually is. Seriously though, Treadnaught should be nerfed.-Rarity. Now this doesn't mean what you think it means. I'm perfectly fine with the rarity of certain guns amongst others, as well as shop items, but the consumables in this game are where my real weakness is. Finding a key for any one of the chests you'll come across in this game is not as easy as you might think. Every floor I've done in this game has had at least 2 chests, and there are times where I don't get any keys whatsoever. Hearts to replenish your health with are even rarer. Perhaps this is not actually a flaw on the game but rather an intended game design, I'll have to look into it more. This game certainly isn't for the weak of heart.With that all out of the way, I can safely say I highly recommend this game. It may have it's gripes, as do other games, but this one in particular holds a special place in my heart. The comical relief, the bullet hell, the RPG elements. I can't see this getting old anytime soon, and I certainly hope you find the same appeal I did.8.5/10"
76561197970408670,Recommended,311690,33754931,Posted: 23 July,all,Fun,RAD
,Recommended,311690,31944522,Posted: 24 May,all,Vimple,"An absolutely great game full with content. Plenty of unlockables and replay value, Enter the Gungeon is definitely one of the best in its genre. That being a bullet hell rogue-lite.Not only does the game offer plenty of hours of gameplay for a reasonable price, it is also highly polished with alot of character and attention to detail. Deffo recommended highly for those who are into this kind of game.Playable with both M&KB and controller, though i prefer M&KB for the precision aim it gives."
76561198040355464,Recommended,311690,35364049,Posted: 30 September,all,Boko No Pico De Gallo,"""Psssst, Hey kid, you like guns?""Ima make it simple for you.Pros:-Guns-Amazing pixle art-Responsive controls-More guns-Tons of unique enemies-Tons of secret content-Even more guns-Great audio (music/sound effects/whatever)-Tons of puns-Like, seriously, a lot of guns-Super fun/interesting lore/world (I always read the descriptions of anything I pick up, hilarious writing in this game)Cons:-REALLY effing hard, prepare to die a lot-Can be repetative playing the first few levels over and over (cuz U gonna die a lot)-Co-op can be tricky since you share the same screen-There are a few enemies/rooms that can feel just bad to fight (or fight in), looking at you lead maiden-A lot of items/events/rooms are very vague, or have no indication as to what they are or do, so you might find yourself in the wiki a lotConclusion: If you like guns, puns, pixle art, and challenges, definitly pick this one up. I keep finding myself drawn back to it even after it kicks me in the junk a few times, unlike other rougelites, it is a very enjoyable experiance (looking at you darkest dungeon, go eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥and get syphilis from a random box)."
76561198225209784,Recommended,311690,30772165,Posted: 27 March,all,Kevin,Fun and hard at the same time which challenges me.
,Recommended,311690,25833976,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Gooby,You know somethings wrong when your steam friends are telling you to go outside and get off this game.
,Recommended,311690,22827726,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ANG3LIC,Game is as easy as riding a bike.Except the bikes on fire...and you're on fire...Everything is on fire.. and you are in hell
,Recommended,311690,30581442,Posted: 17 March,all,^3Vinnamon_Buns,this game should be called Enter the Fungeon
,Recommended,311690,22578681,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Big Bang Blitz,"Some games are easy. Some are unfair. Sometimes you have trouble until you find a quirk or an exploit that carries you through it. Sometimes you unlock things over time that make the game a cinch. Sometimes havings someone play with you makes the game a push-over. Sometimes you can get so good it just doesn't matter what the game can do to you. Often times you can adjust the difficulty up or down if you feel overwhelmed. Sometimes there is just nothing you can do at all to make any progress and other times grinding is a definite requirement.This is not that type of game. You will die. You will die a lot. It will always be your fault and you always will know exactly why. You'll constantly get better.. you'll have good runs with great luck and bad runs where your skill carries you through and eventually you will get further and further in and more and more powerful over time.. but this game will notice. It will notice you and it will fight back tooth and nail. It will evolve with you. It learns. It never hints at it yet you can feel it grow as you do always offering a steeper challenge each time. Subtley it will start adding tougher and more enemies with faster bullets in tighter more dangerous spaces. Enemies will begin to fire away from where you are and instead where you will be and bosses get a lot meaner. This is a game where almost everything about it changes constantly. Game rules get broken, things are added and subtracted without warning and i've still not found any solid strategy that works 100% every time.It's one hell of a challenge and dangerously addictive. This game does not hold your hand and does not care if you die, but it sure has a huge bag of carrots it holds out in front of you while it rides on your back. I've never seen a game so full of interesting weapons and items that drastically and fundamentally change almost everything about the game, forcing you to evolve constantly with what you're given or what you're lacking at the time. Truly no two plays are anything alike.The graphics are great. Pixel art is an easy thing to take for granted as a developer you can just kinda toss it out there and say ""Look it's retro!"", but this game has pixel art that is actually just really good art. Masterful work. Everything is well defined and well animated.The sound design is also great. You can actually pinpoint the locations of off screen enemies just from the sound they make spawning in. Each type of projectile has it's own satisfying sound it makes as it lands on your targets.The game has a really excellent soundtrack too. It's one of those organic ones that change in intensity based on the action and does a great job conveying atmosphere.The game has loads of options for gameplay and controls including full gamepad/keyboard remapping and color blind modes plus camera options and fun stuff.This game runs on Unity. It is also my favorite game that runs on Unity. It is well made; engaging and has a fantastic feedback loop that gives you all sorts of reasons to come back for just one more run.  Yes it is punishingly difficult I can't overstate that, but you will have fun playing this and I could recommend it to anyone especially at how low the cost is. It's silly good."
,Recommended,311690,29571804,Posted: 29 January,all,Blattdorf,"This game is hard and requires skill to play. If you're the kind of person who can beat two stages in a shmup without getting hit, you'll love it. If you can't, well..."
76561198355190722,Recommended,311690,31832283,Posted: 18 May,all,PersistantGamer,"It's a great game, i will not lie, but it is a bit too hard for me. I'm sure i'm not the only one who finds this hard. If i had to suggest one thing, i would suggest a difficulty option before starting a run.Still a great game though."
,Recommended,311690,23115158,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Pingu,You can flip tables!! 10/10  (╯°o°)╯︵ ┻━┻
,Not Recommended,311690,26010204,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,WHAM,"I had a really hard time deciding if I wanted to recommend this game or not, and wound up going with ""no"" in the end.Enter the Gungeon has a really cool premise, extremely pretty pixel art, a catchy theme song and so many unlockables it should keep the player going and going and going for a hundred hours easily!Too bad, then, that I feel like I've worn myself out on the game after just over 20 hours and a fraction of the unlockables unlocked and secrets uncovered. Repeated gameplay is the theme of this game. You start, you get a bit into the game, you get some credits to unlock a new gun you might not see for ages, then repeat it over and over and over again. I admit, I never made it to the final boss and as such I never beat the game, and at this point I doubt I ever will.The game isn't too hard, really, just too repetitive. Sometimes the loot drops and RNG can screw you over and ruin a good run, other times a single mistake at a critical moment can mean you'll have to spend nearly an hour trying to recover lost progress. It's painful. With enough patience and skill, I am sure this game CAN be beaten into submission, but I lack the mental strenght and the free time to reach that level of competence.Playtime: 23+ hours (Many, many attempts to beat the game, all for naught)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 9Audio: 7Story: 8Gameplay: 8Overall: 7"
,Not Recommended,311690,22294331,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,cg,"For all its good qualities - and it has a lot - I can't recommend this game. It is, simply put, boring. Let me elaborate:The core gameplay is to travel around a dungeon, clearing rooms. Each floor will have 15+ procedurally generated rooms full of enemies. So, in order for the game to be enjoyable, naturally, this clearing rooms should be fun, or at least rewarding. But it isn't.There are a limited amount of enemy types, and their AI is simplistic to say the least - as a result, clearing these rooms quickly becomes a chore. The ridiculous scarcity of guns in the game means you'll probably do most of this room-clearing using your worst guns (to save ammo with your good guns, which you'll need for the boss fights). It's tedious as hell, but you still have to take meticulous care so you don't lose any of your very limited health - there's precious few ways to get it back.What's more, the game itself is built around the concept of unlocking most of the cool weapons and powerups through a currency you get by beating bosses. In other words, it's designed to be less fun the first dozen (or hundred) times you play it! It's artificial nonsense that forces you to play the same battles over and over again.Even the premise is a let down. You're supposed to be slinging all sorts of crazy weapons! But I've played a few dozen runs and found maybe 4 guns that I actually enjoyed using. Many of them are run-of-the-mill pistols and machine guns with little gimmicks attached, and precious few of them feel at all powerful.Don't get me wrong. The core gameplay is solid and exciting - the boss fights are a testament to that! If this game were just a series of exciting fights like those then it would be amazing! But that would require getting rid of the touted ""rogue-like"" and ""dungeon-crawl"" elements so I doubt it will happen.As it is now, this game is 20% fun, 80% a chore. If you like methodical gameplay and slow progression then maybe it's for you, but it you wanted an exciting action game you should just play Nuclear Throne.Edit: The game picks up around the 3rd or 4th floor. This takes about 20 minutes to reach floor three if you start at floor one - I am strongly opposed to games that waste your time like this. However you can eventually unlock an elevator to the 3rd floor that provides you with a choice of weapon, which makes the game much more enjoyable, and individual runs less of a time sink.The problem is that it takes a very high level of skill and/or ridiculous rng luck to get what you need to unlock the elevator. For someone who is really dedicated and/or obsessive (yours truly) this is doable over the course of many tedious hours. Again, everything about this game just feels like work, I don't know what the developers were thinking. A game does not have to be artificially frustrating for it to be hard!"
,Not Recommended,311690,24626781,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Sterlander,"So I'm re writing my review for this game. My biggest grope with the game last time was how the third floor had a ""massive"" difficulty spike. And I'm not changing my mind on that whole thing, by the way. I still think the devs could've done a much better job at balancing the game out just in general.Well, I couldn't get past the third floor, so I gave the game a thumbs down. But recently I've been watching some tips and tricks videos, some lets plays of the game, and decided to give it another go. The thing I had to do to get past the third floor was to simply get good.Now that I've fully tasted the game in it's entirety, I feel like I'm much more suited for reviewing it.RNG, to me at least, can make a game great, it can make a game replayable, it can make a game different every time. RNG can be a good thing. It's just the moment you add too much RNG that it begins to become a problem. This game suffers from some really big RNG elements; if you don't get good guns or items by around the fourth floor, you're simply going to lose. There is no question about it, you will die. You have no hope of beating the game. The RNG in this game determines far too much if you win or not. See, a very good example of well placed RNG is probably a game like Binding of Isaac. Even if the game throws complete curveballs at you in terms of items, you can still pull through. Every run is salvagable. In this game though? I feel like it relies far too much on RNG rather than player skill. I'm pretty damn good at games like these; I think I should be winning far more often than I do. I've only beaten this game once, and the only reason why I think that is because the game handed me some good cards that time around. Almost every other time I've lost though, it's rarely due to my lack of skill.  The whole game is a gamble, and every run you play is just you rolling another dice, seeing if you get lucky.So apart from terrible RNG, what else does this game have? What if the bad RNG was removed? Well, let me tell you. This game would be on the level of Binding of Isaac in terms of good. The graphics are great, the music is fantastic, the bosses are hard and sometimes funny, there are so many references in the items, the variety in guns, how everything in the enviroment interacts with eachother. It's phenominal. Or, at least, it WOULD be phenominal. It's kind of hard to enjoy these things when you don't get lucky on the dice roll.It's almost a shame, really. I expected that by the time I would beat this game, I would've discovered something that would mask any RNG holding me back. A few days ago I killed the Hunter's past. (EDIT: I've killed every character's past now. Still don't like this game.) And I felt relieved, not because it felt good to beat the game. No, not that. I felt releived because I could finally be done with the game, and never pick it back up again."
,Recommended,311690,29467970,Posted: 24 January,all,Doom_David,"Love this game. I'm not a huge bullet hell guy, but this game is an exception. Some people dislike having to redo floors and seeing the same base mechanics over and over again, but what drives me to keep playing is the awesome new guns, items, bosses and npc's I'll see floor after floor. Whatevers' at the end of this gosh dang dungeon also helps fuel my interest :). With the supply drop coming my love for this game will be enhanced even more!"
,Recommended,311690,23724418,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,scary,"Played 400 hours of Isaac and (hours above) of this game and I gotta say, this game is a lot better than Isaac personally.It takes more skill and has lots of interesting items, albeit less synergies. It is also a lot more difficult, but has unique gameplay mechanics such as dodge rolling and table flipping. These make it more interesting than Isaac. I wasn't interested at first but I took a shot in the dark and got one of the best roguelikes I've ever played."
,Recommended,311690,27607343,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tub,"This game is amazing, with a massive difficulty curve i can see myself playing this for months to come. 7/10"
76561198303297678,Recommended,311690,34510869,Posted: 26 August,all,benpelczynski,I've never enjoyed a game I suck at more than I have this one.
,Recommended,311690,34719186,Posted: 3 September,all,NavyDragons,"Amazing game, has a difficulty curve if you are unused to bullet hells, i keep coming back to this game time and time again(im going to 100% it some day)"
,Recommended,311690,27951035,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,「ProOcean」,"This game, ah, it's so good!If you're a fan of rogue-likes, dungeon crawlers, (semi-)schmups, guns :P and etc. this game is for you!Imagine it as the little baby that formed when Nuclear Throne and The Binding of Isaac had some steamy moments in the bedroom.One of the things I love most about this game is that it has the free 360 degrees shooting of Nuclear Throne, but the room and RNG items structure of Isaac.It takes the more fun shooting of NT, and combines it with a more structured, more varied room system like in Isaac.Which IMO is an AWESOME combination!Because NT sometimes feels to chaotic, and Isaac's shooting feels too restricted, this combination is just P E R F E C TOne minus of this game (for me, at least, because a lot of other people seem to disagree with me on this point) is that it is not that hard. It sure has it's difficult moments (I'm looking at you, High Priest D:< ), but sometimes it can feel a bit too easy, however the satisfying shooting still makes it fun. (EDIT: Challenge Mode can be INSANE!)That was pretty much the only minus I could think of, so here is a list of the plus' :-Fantastic gameplay-Not as RNG reliant as Isaac, skill can carry you far (which is awesome IMO)-Nicely structered (like Isaac, not as chaotic as NT)-Great theme (absolutely EVERYTHING has something to with guns, and it's great)-Thrilling boss fights (if you perfect one, you get a HP-up, which makes them so intense)-Beautiful pixel art-Hours upon hours of contentSo yeah, what are you waiting for!DO ITBUY ITAND I WILL SEE YOU IN THE GUNGEON! (it only has local co-op, so... uh... maybe not?)"
,Recommended,311690,29861478,Posted: 11 February,all,TheJarago,"Looking for a challenge? Enjoying bullet hell? Want to have always something new to discover?This is what you are looking for !Enter the Gungeon... it's not a typo, this game is all about guns and bullets. You will take control of few brave gungeoneers and face dangers and secrets of gungeon with only one goal - to kill your past. To do that, you will have to fight your way through the bullets... and their bullets. You will have to face fearful bosses on each floor and look for legendary gun, that can kill your past.True bullet hellIf you are familiar with game ""Binding of Isaac"", you might compare that game to EtG... except it is about 3 times harder. Starting from the very first floor, enemies will not go easy on you. You will need to get precise and react fast for everything that is happening. Lower floors will introduce you some easy enemies, which you should be able to take care of fairly quickly.. Problem starts when there will be more of them. You may find yourself surrounded by them, if not careful, and avoiding damage will be very hard. Each floor has one of three different bosses, you will have to fight to progress to next floor. Reaching late floors will throw at you ruthless foes in numbers and you will need to learn their patterns and master the dodge roll.Dodge roll - feature which allows you to dodge right through the bullets without taking damage. However you are not able to shoot, while dodge-rolling. It's core mechanic of Enter the Gungeon.Exploration and never-ending unlockablesThere are 3 types of items, you can find through the game - Guns, Passive and Active items. All guns except your starting one have limited ammo which has to be refilled later. Passive items give you different advantages, for example they can increase your speed or give you some special abilities. Active items can be activated for special effect and are then placed on cooldown. You will find items through the locked chests located on every floor = only if you have key though. If you don't, you may visit a store located on each floor and use your ""bullet currency"" to buy weapons or items.But let's look at how unlockables work: Each unlocked item/weapon has a chance to spawn through any run. You can unlock about 200 guns and +-400 items which - by unlocking them - they are added to a pool of stuff, that can appear in your run. Exploring the gungeon, you will slowly discover many surprises, which seems to be endless. There is almost always something new to unlock, some new room or item to discover. To unlock everything and to see every single thing game has to offer, you would have to keep playing for at least 150 hours and play over 200 runs (depends on how good and lucky you will be). Every run is different !Some additional infoEach run contains 5 floors. Reaching 5. floor and its boss takes about 45 minutes unless rushed.You have 4 starting characters to play with, each with different starting items and different pasts.Amazing gun ideas, exploration, pun jokes, references to games and movies, challenging difficulty and so much more to discover! Hundreds of hours of entertainment. Local co-op option included.+ Replayability+ Always something new to discover+ References and NPCs+- Very challenging, will require A LOT of your time if you want to beat the game- Extreme rarity of some events (like 0.03% chance for chest to become rainbow chest)- No online multiplayerHighly recommending9.5/10"
,Recommended,311690,23666225,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,lesser,"Fun roguelike with twin stick shooter controls, but the RNG can be discouraging. Unless you're good at the game, most of the items and guns are not going to be impactful enough to reach endgame with. Even if you are good, it can often feel tedious getting to the end if you have bad luck. Ammo management is not fun, however recently with some of the patches, it has been easier to get ammo drops.On the plus side, the game rewards you for being good, giving extra health and a greater chance of getting money. A common piece of advice you'll often hear is to ""get good"", which is not far from the truth. Clearing difficult rooms flawlessly feels satisfying, while getting hit feels awful and frustrating. Simply put, if you spend time learning the game and improving, the game is a blast to play."
,Recommended,311690,31307880,Posted: 22 April,all,Slamma Mann,"Fantastic game. Solid controls, good atmosphere, great enemy design. The general aesthetic of this game is wonderful. It seems so innocent and cute, but then some enemies are just badass looking. The overuse of gun puns make it even better. This game seems easy on the outside, but once you start playing, you're lost. This game is beyond difficult. Habits used in most rogue-lites are completely useless here, and sometimes even detrimental. A whole new skill set is required to be even decent at this game. Don't worry, newcomers. For me, it just clicks. You play badly, then all of a sudden you're much better. It ""clicked"" at about 40 hours in, so this is no easy task. Overall, this game is worth the buy and worth the time."
76561197970545133,Recommended,311690,25402688,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Phooferbar,"Pretty unforgiving, like most bullet hell games. Especially when the roguelike RNG is not in your favor...  Recommended if you like a challenge."
76561198084820793,Recommended,311690,33896488,Posted: 29 July,all,SpicyCherries,GUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGUNGU
,Recommended,311690,22773114,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,CtrlAltDelicious,i haven't enjoyed a game this much in a long time
76561198008679416,Recommended,311690,31984818,Posted: 26 May,all,salty.waters,This is an fantastic game.This is a real contribution to dungeon crawlers in general.
76561198172762178,Recommended,311690,32162522,Posted: 3 June,all,sopranocrab58,"Literally the best game in my opinion, my favorite game by far. Just wow."
,Recommended,311690,25106654,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,( • ~ •)',
76561198018462104,Not Recommended,311690,22455003,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,somndev,"I grew up on smash tv in the arcades and I love roguelikes. I thought for sure this game was made for me. But after a few hours of play, once you get passed the small learning curve of aiming and firing you just reach a point where you shrug and say 'Ok, that was cute.' I don't really see myself playing this game much after last night.It's novel, its cute, the controls are smooth, but once you've tried all the characters and gotten to level 2 or 3, die and start over. You realize that the smooth and cute aren't enough to keep bringing you back.I generally like to see a $.25 per hour return on a game. I spent $15 on this game, and after about 6-7 hours (I havent checked my playtime) I think unless there are some rebalancing issues to make a dungeon run last a little longer, Im not going to hit that return on purchase."
,Recommended,311690,22820525,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,BarikTheRed,This game is one of the best I have ever played. I cannot think of anything I don't like about it. I give it an 8/8. BULLET HELL YEAH!
76561198117476006,Recommended,311690,33112448,Posted: 1 July,all,JustinTime,"If you like Isaac and you want more of a challenge, this is the game for you. It gets a little repetitive at points but I've always found the game challenging and fair."
76561198108397541,Recommended,311690,22807410,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Xodoku,"Alright, let's list the pros and cons:Pro:Nice artstyle asthetic, and overall creativity (with lots of gun-puns), and good polish.Istead of being only item based, it rewards skill. I haven't played many roguelikes before, but one really needs some skill and knowlege to play this game. Every run makes you learn something new and improve your skill.A lot of weapons, characters and other secrets to discover. The cool thing about the guns, is that they aren't randomized like for example in borderlands, where every gun is made out of a couple of assets (like barrel, stock, grip, element, maker, etc.) and put together, where you'll mostly find the same guns that perform and look slightly different. In the gungeon however, they are all handcrated, and not randomized, meaning a lot of them are unique (not that borderlands didn't have any unique weapons... but still). If they make a steam workshop for this game and say, add new guns from the comunity every month or so, this game will be amazing, with thousands of weapons and guns.Cons:I have a glitch where when I'm in the breach (starting area) All my characters look normal. However, as I go into the dungeon, the whole character sprite just turns black, with the exception of the gun. Not that it's game breaking, just please fix.They missed a great oportunity of music choice here. The music is OK, but they should have put in something similiar to hotline maimi 2's electro music. I really want a mod to change the music (If one can mod this game of course)"
76561198163628625,Recommended,311690,22784765,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Riot,Worth it.
,Recommended,311690,25449513,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Pigrickton,"""I've yet to meet one who can outsmart bullet"" -Heavy 2009WELL JESUS HE WAS CERTAINLY RIGHT!(This game is great, I highly recommend it, good humor, lots of references, awesome gameplay)"
,Recommended,311690,23091045,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,bobert awful (F+),"Gungeon is the kind of game that other people are going to scrutinize and say ""But if I've already got The Binding of Isaac, I don't need to play this one, dude!""Stop. Put that thought out of your head. Isaac and Gungeon are two entirely different beasts. Isaac's game is structured and fractal, asking you to play the game many, many times in different forms and with different characters to reach 'the true ending'. Gungeon's game is more straightforward - you have a dude, and that dude wants to get the gun to kill his past, and there's a giant pit between you and that gun that is filled with adorable bullets that use guns to shoot bullets at you. There's also shotgun shells that use shotguns to shoot shotgun pellets for you. There's also a knight with a sword, but he uses the sword to shoot bullets at you. There's also a skeleton made out of bullet casings, but he shoots you with lasers. Basically, this game is incredibly adorable, but you must not drop your gun and hug the smiling bullets or you will get shot by the bullets shooting bullets at you. It's complicated, but less so, because it's all about getting to the end game (there is a sub-quest where you have to construct a bullet for the gun that kills your past, but that's about it).In both games, you can coast if you manage to put together a good loadout! In Gungeon, getting a good loadout requires a bit of luck and knowing which guns are best for which situations. Some guns are best for crowds of enemies, some guns are best for bosses, some guns are just jokes in gun form, and some guns will go through all of your ammo before you know it. You'll eventually know which ones are best through usage and experience. There's also the issue of Mastery - in Gungeon, you start out with three hearts, like a Zelda. But unlike Zelda, if you are fortunate enough to defeat a boss without taking a hit, you earn an extra heart container. You take one bullet, and you can kiss that heart container goodbye. You will lose a lot (like you would in a proper Roguelike) before you manage to win one time, but oh man, if you make it, you can shoot a dragon in the face! Medieval people never got the opportunity to do that. You are blessed. You were born in the right generation.The soundtrack and the graphics are aces. Doseone's soundtrack is at the same time incredibly energetic and subliminally hypnotic, fitting the weird gun dungeon to a T. The graphics are pixel graphics, but they're the really neat, detailed kind. That won't stop sad nerds and millenials from crying about how pixel graphics are the bane of their existence inbetween emailing developers and publishers about how they should ""get a graphics department"".If I had to suggest something for the game to knock off and stop doing: The referential humor gets a bit much at times. I appreciate a good reference to other video games and I definitely know that if you don't have the AK-47 in a game that's all about how many guns it has, you're not doing your job right. But some of the video game guns are just plain references and that's kind of lazy. Plus, a universe where there's bullets that use guns to shoot bullets is kind of the bonkers universe that needs to be expanded upon!Gungeon's great. There's a gun that is called a Microtransaction gun and it just shoots items from collector's editions of video games into the faces of your enemies. So if you've ever wanted to kill someone by throwing your overpriced figurine from that video game you like so much, now's your chance, weirdo."
,Recommended,311690,23040921,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Swyng,Rogue Legacy / Binding of Isaac / Nuclear Throne / OMFG I CANT STOP PLAY THIS GAME HELP ME PLEASEA Rogue-like-like like we like!
,Recommended,311690,33108038,Posted: 1 July,all,Ajax,Before You Buy[/h1  If you are looking for a game thats like binding of isaac or Nuclear throne this is the game for you! it is such a great game. I say its worth almost double whats its priced at. I recommend this game if you enjoy a fun challenge.Pros------So many weaponsRandom levelsWell made boss fightsbeautiful cartoon graphicslots of easter eggs/secrets to findHidden charectersNice challenge but not too hardCons----------Local co op isn't greatgame can get repetitive
76561198002612320,Recommended,311690,23533421,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,UkkotheIrish,One more run....
76561198041908573,Not Recommended,311690,25514237,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Faux,"[As of writing this review, I have spent 9 hours playing this game]tl;dr: Became boring after a while, but I'm sure the majority of potential customers will enjoy itI highly anticipated ""Enter The Gungeon"" before release, and decided to buy the full package with soundtrack a little while after it had been properly released on steam. It is a very good game with lots of replayability, however some of the aspects that make it replayable may fall flat in some cases. Where starting the game and finding new weapons was exciting, I feel that now playing the game it is a case of good gun/ bad gun whenever you open a chest, and it is better just to run the starter pistol for the first floor or two anyway. That aside, there is good room for player skill development in order to reach higher floors with greater advantages through better grasping of the games core mechanics, such as Blanks and the Dodge roll, giving the game a suitable difficulty curve for all players.I would normally reccomend this game, however for me the novelty soon wore off. The gameplay has become boring, for lack of a better word, and there is no real incentive for me to continue playing for the time being. That being said, I am sure that many people would enjoy the game for it's Binding of Isaac esque design, and at points, Hotline Miami levels of difficulty. Unfortunately, the game has quickly become stale for me, thus my review being negative.Pros:- Great Mechanics- Wonderful Soundtrack- Good replayability- Good story (if you are willing to spend a lot of time in the game to complete it)- Modest price, for what I think an average person may spend playing the game- Devs actually update the game- Good difficulty curveCons:- Repetative at times- Little incentive to play again if the game has not grasped you well in the starting hours"
,Recommended,311690,31834294,Posted: 18 May,all,OkOkOkOkOkOkOk,they need to add multiplayer to pc but amazing love u great work
,Recommended,311690,25496893,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Snailiad The Almighty Cannoli,"This is a game I don't play because i'm bad at it, not because it sucks."
76561197978348832,Recommended,311690,29506830,Posted: 26 January,all,.:TEAM:.  Alpha Chonx,"What a great game! A rogue-like bullet-hell action shooty gun-crazy awesome beast of a game, in fact. A word of warning however, Gungeon is difficult as hell but persevere (git gud) and you will be rewarded. Tons of insane and imaginative guns to unlock plus secret characters/floors, very similar in form and fucntion to games like The Binding of Isaac. Just been updated with free content. Highly recommended! Enter the Gungeon, if you have the stones."
,Recommended,311690,26534874,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Foxie,Send help.Can'tstoppla
,Recommended,311690,22344890,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,DarkVexon,"Enter the Gungeon is a work of art. The superb way every attack forces you to calculate dodgerolls perfectly, the many varied guns with hunderds of unique designs, everything comes together to make what is certainly the greatest indie game, bullet hell game, and roguelike of 2016."
,Recommended,311690,23496989,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ethan,goddamm this is one hard game
76561198064599921,Recommended,311690,29513234,Posted: 26 January,all,George Clooney,This game is full of puns to the point they should call it pungeon. 10/10 gun puns are fun!
76561198061750921,Recommended,311690,29940476,Posted: 15 February,all,DeadMan_Playing,An Isaac-like that is probably better than Isaac itself.
,Recommended,311690,22308942,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/h5z2xhkkW-gTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Enter the Gungeon is a well-made and insanely addictive roguelite bullet hell dungeon crawler. It's a must have for fans of the genre!Enter the Gungeon has a solo mode and a 2 player local co-op mode. There are 4 different main characters you can play in solo mode. Each character has its own set of weapons, abilities, and passives. The base health for all characters is 3, every time you take damage, you lose half a health. You can roll dodge to jump over bullets, and other things, and avoid damage completely. You can also flip tables that will block bullets until they get destroyed.After the tutorial, you head into the first chamber of the Gungeon, all chambers are randomly generated, but each chamber will have a store with randomly stocked supplies, and a random boss. Each time you enter a new room, the doors close behind you, and they won’t reopen until you kill all the enemies. You have to dodge, and avoid all the incoming bullets, while making use of cover, until you finish clearing the room to move on.There will sometimes be treasure chests containing guns, or other items, but you will need keys to open them. You also have a shoot blanks ability that you start off each chamber with 2 charges of, but you can often find and buy more. Activating the blank with destroy all bullets on screen and prevent the enemies from shooting for a short period of time - these blanks are a huge life saver!Once you find and defeat the boss in the chamber, you can descend to the next chamber. If you die, you lose, and you have to completely restart the Gungeon chambers. However, there is an elevator that you can unlock to teleport to other chambers by providing the required items AND mastering the previous chamber’s boss. It is really hard to master the previous chamber’s boss. You have to beat the boss without taking a single hit of damage, that means no hits to your health OR to your armor. When you use the elevator to skip to a certain chamber, you start with the same default starting items as if you were starting in the first chamber.Each character has 1 default weapon that has infinite ammo, but all of the other weapons have limited ammo, and will need to have ammo replenished. There are also items that each have their own passive or activated abilities. Passive abilities can stack, but you can only have one activated ability at a time, and the abilities seem like they recharged as you deal damage to enemies. You can find these items randomly in chests, or sometimes in the store. In the store, there is sometimes a vendor to sell items, that spawn is also random. You can buy things from the store with the currency you obtain from killing enemies, and clearing rooms.Pros:controls are fully customizable and full controller support (except some issues with Steam controller)really nice quality pixel graphicsaudio sounded good and was fitting for the gameplay, I never felt the need to lower the music or sound effects volumeyou can teleport from anywhere to teleporters within the chambers - these are very helpful, and save a lot of time by not having to backtracklots of secret rooms to find, and NPCs to rescue, as well as tons of different weapons you can discover, with different abilities suited to different play stylesTONS of replay value (It’s extremely addicting to play, and there is so much you can find and collect if you want.)Cons:issues with using the Steam controller - it doesn’t work by default and you have to set up configs for it to work properlyplayer 2 in local co-op mode is forced to play the special co-op only characterthe Gungeon has 5 chambers, but most players probably won't get to experience the later chambers withoutcommitting a significant amount of time to playing the game (I’ve played for over 19 hours, and STILL haven’t beat the third chamber yet.)the vendor to sell items in the store isn't always thereConclusion:I enjoy dungeon crawlers, but normally, I don’t play many bullet hell games, but Enter the Gungeon has been so awesome. I was immediately impressed with the game, and found myself completely hooked. I couldn’t believe how addicting it was. Even though I usually died in the 2nd chamber, I never found myself getting frustrated with the game. I never felt like my deaths were unfair, but it was usually me being stupid and walking into bullets, or forgetting to use my blanks that killed me. I would just quick start again, only to realize hours had passed, and I forgot to eat. It’s a really enjoyable game, and I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good dungeon crawler/bullet hell game.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,311690,23675167,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,DarkDork,"What looked slightly uninteresting on the surface pulled me in the second I opened it. Charming graphics, a kickass soundtrack, tight gameplay, and sacreligious amounts of content make this aMUST HAVEfor any fan of the rougelike genre."
,Recommended,311690,30402412,Posted: 8 March,all,ΨNessSaltLordΨ,If you like Bullet hell rogue-likes then you should definitely check this game outThink of it as a hybrid of Binding of Isaac: Rebirth and Nuclear Throne I would strongly recommendThis game to people
76561198106307068,Recommended,311690,26302246,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,JOJO!!11!!!!1,"This game is a pretty decent game to add to your library. Wether you're serious about the game or you're just playing it as a fun time-waster, it's pretty solid. The controls are standard, (WASD & mouse), and it is also very difficult. It's a lot like the binding of isaac, where you find upgrades to make getting through the game a lot easier. In this game though, you find guns and abilities. It might get boring for you after a while, depending on what type of person you are. I rate it 8/10."
,Recommended,311690,23175927,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Gary Larson,"Great game. Im going to skip whats great about it because many others have done that and did a very nice job. The things that I think could be made better would be the ability to resume games ands have multiple save files. Also more content would be nice, ive played 100+ hours and it has a lot of content but MORE WOULD BE BETTER!"
,Recommended,311690,22778505,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Young James,"Roguelikes are a recently new discovery for me (not that I have an excuse; I've been around since '91 and playing stuff since '96), and it's interesting to me how much of a love/hate relationship.  FTL, Darkest Dungeon, and now Gungeon, I recommend ALL of them, but NOTHING can make me insta-salt like dying in one of these games.  That said, even the rage-iest of quits from games like this don't last very long, and I never want to completely give up and stop playing.Gungeon gives you four players to start with, with unique starting weapons, a basic gun with infinite ammo, a half-god-mode dodge roll, and multiple levels of bullet Hell, er,pur...ga...tory...?Everything is gun and bullet-themed, and the sheer VOLUME of shout-outs in this game is pants-on-head insanity (I swear to God, if the Marine isn't a direct reference to Doomguy, then life is a lie and the government is lame).  As I understand it, there are about six levels to the gungeon itself, but the difficulty, dynamicism, and random generation of it all will keep you entertained for a VERY long time.  Enemies get tougher, shoot more, and take more damage, and there are so many weapons that I'm not convinced that even the most dedicated platinum-er of games will find them all. And I mean that in a good way.  Also, slight spoilers, but there are unlockable playable characters, as well as NPCs you can rescue that will expand your game further, and seeing who all I can get on my team is one of the most attractive aspects of a game that I dislike almost nothing about.You WILL get angry, and there WILL be times you shout obscenities and hammer alt-F4, but I can almost promise you, you'll come back, because you get into such a great groove playing this.  The entry learning curve is pretty brutal, but stick with it.  I went from not being able to get three rooms into level two to getting halfway through level three over the course of about a day, and occasional johns aside, I adored every minute of it.Also, the entire time I'm at my job, all I can hear is the title music, and the first thing I've done for the past three days after getting home was boot this up.Definitely recommend this game.  Definitely get it.  Hard to go wrong for just 15 bucks.  There's a lot to see, and even more to do.Slam in that mag, pull back that slide, and let fly with some carnage."
76561198048358798,Recommended,311690,29637302,Posted: 1 February,all,(Achieve) Unusual Suspects,While it would be heavy with RNG but skill can compensate for the bad RNGs.
,Recommended,311690,22905226,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,gus,love it!...anywayBRING THE MODS!
,Recommended,311690,22795017,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Small Behemoth,"Realllly good game.Verry well made!""And a hell of alot of gun. I mean fun.. I mean gun...♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198054417580,Recommended,311690,23430258,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,8arkangel8,"After playing this game over 100 hours I'm still unlocking new stuff and still having difficulty beating the game consistently in each run.I rarely buy games now a days but this game has everything I love about games. Extreme difficulty that can be over come with multiple playing sessions and continuous improvement of your skills, hundreds of items and weapons that keep each run varied (even if many of them are somewhat useless), multiple enemies and bosses, and much more.If you're into these type of games you will not regret buying this game at all. I just hope this game gets DLC down the road to inject more variety and replay-ability to this game."
76561198116919996,Recommended,311690,22904106,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Carrier Pidgeons,"With all the patches, the game's wildly different from what it was to begin with. The devs are extremely active with bugfixes. Look at their Technical Issues forum page to see this in action; Rubel's fantastic. For their patches, look here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/311690/discussions/0/371918937280233884/Most of the complaints about the game have stemmed from three things: rare keys, scarce ammo, and the inherent difficulty of the game. The game has been patched to address some of these issues, and as such you should read older reviews with the understanding that some issues might not be that much of an issue anymore.Key rates were buffed, with one appearing in each shop if one isn't picked up during the floor.Ammo rates were found to be low due to a bug in the drop system; it's now a lot more forgiving, and using your fun guns for an entire run can work out if you're careful.As to the difficulty; it's a Bullet Hell roguelite that caters to fans of Nuclear Throne and Binding of Isaac; it's not your typical Pajama Sam. While tough, death is indeed fair, and even the worst guns have value; secret rooms can make or break runs, and a weak gun can find a second use in liberal spraying of bullets to find cracked walls.I'll be honest; I'm biased. I like the game; it's the sort of game where, regardless of what others say, you can beat the RNG and triumph despite bad luck. Most of the game is based off your inherent skill, rewarding it with extra drops and even health containers. While it does indeed suck to get the Lower Case R and Klobbe on your first floor, you can still well recover from it, and even the Rogue Special (despite the heretics harassing it) can beat a first floor boss with ease.I'd just like folks who are on the fence about buying this to do three things: take a walk around the discussions, take a gander at the Technical issues forum, and look at the patch notes. If you think the community will help you out, that the devs respond quickly and try to help people with issues, and that the game is constantly updating and improving the experience of playing it, and are into those features, I recommend you try it out; heck, you still have refunding as an option if you dislike it.It's a great game, and can keep you entertained for dozens and dozens of hours if you're willing to hunker down and try your best to improve."
76561198106826726,Recommended,311690,30674507,Posted: 22 March,all,Hastur,"i really like this game. its fun and you should buy it.but at the same time unless your some kind of freak with stupidly good reflexes, the only way to beat this game is to memorise the bosses attack patterns completely. so you dont get hit. so you can get the health upgrades. so you dont die from being butt♥♥♥♥ed in an unlucky room spawn."
,Recommended,311690,22837625,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,dedefird1221,Incredible! a bit hard but definitely worth the price. if you easily rage when you lose this game is not for you.
76561198013879400,Recommended,311690,22830228,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Solenya,"More like, ""Enter the FUNGEON""."
,Recommended,311690,22801417,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,UncleBee,"This game is quite difficult, but I still enjoy playing it."
76561198165888933,Recommended,311690,31982287,Posted: 26 May,all,Cyanasaurus_Red,This is the most difficult game i have played in agesi love it
76561198022395043,Recommended,311690,25836927,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,your_breakfast,"A very fast-paced and unforgiving bullet-hell-game with randomly generated levels and permadeath. You are thrown in at the deep end and have to use the random stuff that you find in order to survive. The bullet hell makes it a real challenge for your reflexes. You never have time to think. You have to act swiftly or you will loose your limited precious HPs until you die. No saving, no reloading, no replaying of the same map.I had a lot of fun with this game. You need some time to get used to the gameplay. But once you do it can keep you busy for weeks.Apparently a lot of work was put into this game to make it enjoyable. The gameplay seems to be carefully thought though. It doesn't keep you bored. If you want uninterrupted sweat-inducing action, you will get an (almost) uninterrupted sweat-inducing action.There is the element of resource management, many different weapons (real weapons, fictional weapons and some ridiculous WTF-weapons that don't make any sence (A gun shooting T-shirts??? Seriously???)), power-up-pickups, explosive barrels, lighting effects, half destructable enviroments and WTF-is-this-enemies.Console-game-nostalgia from the 80ies/90ies where everything was in low-res-2D and you had to replay the whole game right from the beginning due to an unlucky mistake."
,Recommended,311690,32418745,Posted: 14 June,all,unicorn cat,TLDR: It's a nice game to play if you're bored. I think it's a bit pricey considering there's no LAN co-op and the game mostly relies on RNG to be fun. If you don't get lucky with gun drops and with items in chests the boss fights will BRUTALIZE you but I guess that's the point of this game.
,Recommended,311690,32920633,Posted: 28 June,all,Heisengineer,Very fun game.
76561198069330817,Recommended,311690,32890816,Posted: 27 June,all,EDUX77,"One of the best rouge-like games out there. Most randomly generated dungeon games revolve around in luck and actually get good ""guns"" & ""power-ups"". In Enter the Gunguen progression is more heavily connected to actual skill. Luck can definitely give you an edge but not a win.The game has a great sense of humor & great replayability. It may appear for some as hard at first, it is easy learn but hard to master. Very satisfying to complete.Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,311690,31902191,Posted: 22 May,all,Exia,"An muliplicity of weapons and items that add an incredible variety to well-balanced gameplay mechanics.  The game can be quite a challenge to master, so prepare to die a lot before you can start killing bosses flawlessly.  After 40 hours, I've yet to scratch the surface of the gungeon, and I am looking forward to more room clearing and gunslinging in bullet hell."
,Recommended,311690,25971647,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Naxvarus,"Instead of reading my review, you could instead be playing Enter the Gungeon. Here's the question you have to ask yourself: Why aren't you?"
,Recommended,311690,32517578,Posted: 17 June,all,Agen7orange,"An amazing bullet hell game. Witty, inventive, keeps you coming back for more.I love all the amazing references to famous movie/game guns.. judge dredd's gun, alien pulse rifle, etc.Highly Recommended.I wish it had online coop tho :("
,Recommended,311690,23140855,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,|Acid Ghost|,Challenging yet fun and engaging. 5/5 would recommend
,Recommended,311690,28955229,Posted: 2 January,all,Sarski,"Great ♥♥♥♥in game.Controls are tight, theres enough content to play for at least 100 hours.Music is pretty good, bosses are fun to fight.A single game can take as long as an hour. (This might be a negative for some people but I like the slow pace of the game)It has a steep learning curve that requires you to git gud.And its all for only 15$."
76561198123139315,Recommended,311690,32939263,Posted: 28 June,all,Kasradel,you're gun-na like this game
,Recommended,311690,22976420,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,[REDACTED],"Fans of Nuclear Throne and Binding of isaac will definitely enjoy this twin stick shooter, rogue-lite, bullet hell and gun-pun filled game. Highly recomend!"
,Recommended,311690,29533538,Posted: 27 January,all,GuruLou,THE GAME IS FUN.
,Recommended,311690,29747522,Posted: 6 February,all,my b.f.,Dark Souls but cute and pixelart. Both hard and fun at the same time. Perfect old school NES nostalgia.
76561198095115385,Recommended,311690,22800997,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sigh,I used to think I was good at bullet hells.
76561198192153734,Recommended,311690,32444759,Posted: 15 June,all,"Bimble, the Croc God","A great Bullet-hell game, very addictive but REALLY difficult. If your up for a challenge, it's a great game to play."
76561198172354597,Recommended,311690,33060508,Posted: 30 June,all,szmebuldozer,"Love the game, especially the Hunter's doggo"
76561198396798486,Recommended,311690,34082482,Posted: 7 August,all,NickRosca11,"During my first hour of playing this game, I thought it was too hard for me. I couldn't even get past the first boss! But after some super hard tries I managed to get to the third gungeon, because I started to understand how dodging and positioning really works in this game. Now I feel ready for any boss and hope that I could beat my 'highscore'. This game is totally amazing and if you like BULLET HELL games, than I really recommend it. P.S. this is coming from someone who has never played a BULLET HELL game ever in his life. :) Also sorry if my English isn't topnotch, it is a foreign language for me."
,Recommended,311690,24166388,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,-Dresden-,"Areallygood roguelite shooter with great pixel art, music, and humor. There are tons of unique weapons to use ranging from real world and sci-fi to ""well I guess that's tecnically like a gun"" and ""what were they smoking""."
,Recommended,311690,24594930,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,[Anna]Riff Raff,"This is extremely... extremely hard. But it is very fun.con:When you die you restart from the begining.Loot is random on each floor and sometimes rare.Pro:TONS, of weaponsTONS, of enemiesLots of fun with friends, it has Coop and splitscreen."
,Recommended,311690,32419436,Posted: 14 June,all,CaptainOctopus,"Really good game with lots of Easter eggs(references) from other games!! I love this game so much, and it gives me lots of suprise. Thumb up!"
,Recommended,311690,22834431,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,BlazeHero,"Fantastic game. Difficult at first, but with enough practice and skill you will get the hang of the mechanics. Some early guns can be a bit boring, but once you get the later guns the game truly defines itself.Do yourself a favor and buy the game if you like Rogue games or Nuclear Throne."
76561197960679813,Recommended,311690,22835295,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Spectator6,"I just hopped out of another round and I gotta say... There is so much creativity with the weapons and enemies! The flavor text is humorous and the care and attention to detail in all of assets (art, sound, etc) is truly top notch!  And the animations... You can really tell the team enjoyed putting this gem together.One of my favorite things of all, though, is that the developers show that they understand what its players are after. The game is designed to *NOT* waste your time. All pickups conveniently gather to your character after each room is completed, teleport jumps ensure that you don't have to retread areas of the level previously covered, and yes, they even include an arrow at the edge of the screen to indicate where the last remaining enemy may be wandering around. Little touches that keep the experience focused on having ""just one more run"".A refreshing experience all around, dodgeroll is definitely a new favorite developer for me!"
,Recommended,311690,22950564,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ace Decker,"This game is both difficult and addictingly fun.Its kind of like Binding of Isaac as far as gameplay goes, bearing the bullet hell, rouge-like, and randomly generated dungeon crawling aspects. The only real difference is its less gory, there are a few cool mechanics like table flipping and dodge rolling, and you can aim your shots instead of firing in only the 4 cardinal directions.It's also extremely hard, possibly even harder than Binding of Isaac, especially if you are a  keyboard user. I recommend a controller, because some bullets are just impossible to dodge when you can only move 8 directions with a keyboard. I already have 32 hours in the game as of writing this review, and I still haven't beat the game once, so just a fair warning."
,Recommended,311690,25303650,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mjishi,"Amazing gameGood replayabilityvery challengingWill take a long time to run out of stuffwith a new huge update coming i can not recommend it more.Only problem is no save and quit, but i think that's coming with the huge update"
76561198182883123,Recommended,311690,33108067,Posted: 1 July,all,EPICNERDYGUY,REALLY F-ING HARD.....BUT! REALLY F-ING FUN!!!!!! LOL>>>JUST BUY IT AREADY!Its a true Bullet hell game. And its Pixelated!
,Recommended,311690,29812233,Posted: 9 February,all,Jerry,"53 hours............ it took me 53 god damn hours to fully complete the dungeon with a character (1 down 4 to go not included secret characters). and I ENJOIED EVERY SINGLE PART OF IT, GET. THIS. GAME. NOW....... oh, and in the wise words of piccolo ``DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODGE``."
,Recommended,311690,22707944,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Inventor Raccoon,"Enter the Gungeon is a great game. I would most likely describe it, in a nutshell, as a fusion between The Binding of Isaac, and Nuclear Throne, two pretty neat games. It's a bullet hell, rogue-like, shooter, with a very heavy emphasis on the whole ""shooting"" deal. Pick from one ofsixfour characters, including the Pilot (essentially Han Solo), Marine (Doomguy), Hunter (no reference here) and Convict (no reference, too busy murdering). Delve into the Gungeon in search of the most powerful artifact in the universe -The Gun that can Kill the Past. ""Kill your past, you've already damned your future."" And then, do it again. And again. And again. The Gungeon is an eternal lodging. Kill your past, or you'll have nothing but pain in the future.What a Pun TimeThe reason the rest of the review is about jokes is because this game, has so. Many. PUNS. They're everywhere. The game title is a pun. The characters are called ""Gungeoneers"". Bosses are puns. Enemies are puns. For instance, one of the first bosses is a giant bird with a minigun. Name? ""Gatling Gull"". One enemy is a ghost, with a Thompson submachine gun. Hollowpoint. Wizards who manipulate bullets? Gunjurers. Buffer and summoner mages? Gunsingers and Ammomancers. The tutorial ghost? Ser Manuel.Guns are puns too. There's a barrel gun that fires live fish. Gun that turns enemies into chickens: Hexagun. Half-gun, half-key, that unlocks anything you shoot. AKEY-47. Assault rifle made of bones. VertebrAK-47. A pillow gun called the Silencer that you can also smack things with to stun. References everywhere. Cog of Battle, a passive that gives you the active reload from Gears of War. Super Meat Gun, fires spikes. Prototype Railgun, looks like something from Halo. They added a gun that firespoisonous PAX t-shirts.Not just puns. The main enemies in the game, Bullet Kin, are literal bullet people who love guns. The ones with shotguns are shotgun shells. The ones with sniper rifles are shaped like a high calibre bullet. Empty casings that are like ghouls. Already fired bullets that are zombies. Previously-mentioned Hollowpoints, which are ghost bullets. One of the biggest bosses in the game is a dragon crossed with a gun, the High Dragun. Knights with swords. They're not gun related, right?WRONG.Their swords are forged from pure bullets, and so fire massive waves of them with each swing.The jokes are great. Mechanics are interesting (look at some other reviews). It's very charming but also a bit dark at times. Pixel art is wonderful. The developers are supporting it very well, with 7 updates this month and more to come, fixing bugs and soon adding content. Buy it."
,Recommended,311690,29681096,Posted: 3 February,all,Loco,"Money well spent. Hours of old fasioned, bullet slinging fun. Great game."
76561198183877817,Recommended,311690,25396864,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Cree,Anyone who enjoys playing the Binding of Isaac series will love this game.
,Recommended,311690,29575026,Posted: 29 January,all,Kitch.sb,"Not many roguelikes nail both art and design the way Enter the Gungeon does!The thing that impresses me most is the amazing unified vision running through it. All the enemies are gun-related, the level elevators are giant bullets, the checkpoints are revolver cylinders... even the health is made of bullets! Props to the creators, this is such a clever, funny game that looks and plays beautifully."
,Recommended,311690,25366586,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ExoticBomj,"Online coop, and more that 2 players please!"
,Recommended,311690,28261692,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,monsterpancake,"This game is super great and also super frustrating. And I am not talking about the good kind of challenging = frustrating. (Although the game is plenty challenging.) I mean the core game mechanics of shooting/dodging are really solid and fun. The different weapons are cool and in general the content is awesome. TOO BAD YOU NEVER GET TO SEE ANY OF IT. I have put about 15 hours into this game and the progression (such as it is) is painfully, terribly, excrutiatingly slow. In terms of the characters, they don't level up base stats at all, which is similar to Binding of Isaac. Also like Binding of Isaac, more weapons and items are unlocked with each run. But the game is so stingy with items and weapon drops that you basically never get to see them. Meanwhile get ready to master the starter weapons because you will use them 90% of the time. FRUSTRATING, did I mention? So be prepared to do the same runs over and over again killing the same stupid enemies with the same handful of common weapons. In fairness, the devs did a wonderful job with the game overall: great art, cool style, very original shooter/rogue hybrid, clever story and lots of secrets. But seriously it's like they built a gorgeous mansion but then only let you play in the garage. When do I get to play with all the cool weapons? Maybe after 30 hours of playtime? Grrr. EDIT: To clarify, this game still has a lot of good stuff depite the annoying stuff. Just keep this in mind...you may get more out of it than I did."
,Recommended,311690,22807448,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Mr Splinch,"This game is great for pretty much everyone, it changes every time you play and it's got enough items to keep you interested for a long time. Definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,311690,22545888,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,"Enter the Gungeon is phenomenal and easily deserves a spot among other classic roguelikes, with its familiar yet unique take on the genre this won't leave you disappointed.The story is unique; all the playable characters enter the Gungeon so they can change their past, but to do so they have to reach the end of the ever evolving Gungeon that shifts and changes as you progress through it. You might ask yourself ""But how do you change the past?"" well that's easy, by getting the gun that can kill the past; simple, right? You find out more about the story as you progress and talk to certain npcs so I won't spoil anything, it does get interesting though finding out more about the Gungeon.At its core this game is a bullet hell, through and through; so if you're not used to those then you might find it a bit difficult at first. After a while though you get used to enemy bullet patterns and tendencies so clearing rooms with your pistol even near the end should just be second nature. Speaking of pistol, there are a lot of guns to find and unlock; there's your basic pea shooter to prototype railguns and even a gun shaped unicorn horn that shoots rainbows while playing a happy song. Along the way you'll meet a variety of characters, most of them will sass or ridicule you for saving them but they eventually go to the hub section known as ""the Breach"". Once at ""the Breach"" they either give you an item for saving them or setup shop for you to purchase items to find while delving the Gungeon. Speaking of the Gungeon; it has many floors (I won't spoil how many but there's a few) and each of these floors will have either a shop or npcs to interact with. At the end of each floor there's a boss room and each boss room (except near the end) has a pool of three bosses to choose from, all of these bosses are very unique both visually and in their bullet patterns. Once you defeat the boss you're rewarded with a random item (plus a bonus if you don't take damage during the encounter) and Hegemony Credits which are the currency used in shops at ""the Breach"".Now as far as content goes, you have nothing to worry about with this title; like most roguelikes the more you play and unlock the crazier runs can potentially get. As you purchase items in the shops they start to get progressively more expensive but also more outrageous. On top of all the unlockable items you also have a couple secret characters you can unlock as well as some ""quests"" for certain npcs at ""the Breach"".Controls for this game are very tight and responsive, if you die it's not because the game didn't do an action when you told it to; every death is on you. You can also rebind everything on keyboard & mouse as well as controller; I've tried both and they're each enjoyable and fully customisable so whichever feels more natural to you.Graphically I'm in love with this game, its simplistic pixel art but it never fails to impress and it really helps to add character to the games world and enemies you come across. Each floor is visually unique and helps to keep the experience varied and fresh. Also impressive are the games animations, there's so many subtle things that happen like your character sliding as you push a table over in the middle of a dodge roll.This games soundtrack is extraordinarily good; there are a couple tracks that leave little to be desired but the rest just really stick in your head.Highly recommend a purchase of this game, at any price; if you're a fan of roguelikes or bullet hells than do yourself a favour and purchase this game. If you're interested in the game but not either genre than I'd say go for it but be warned, it is challenging at first because you have to learn bullet patterns and enemy behaviours but the feeling that you get when you finally beat it is incredible."
,Recommended,311690,33055145,Posted: 30 June,all,zerogen ★❤☮,good game buy now
,Recommended,311690,22491780,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,DONKAGE!,"Damn. What a gem in an age of gaming where there seems to be a flood of unoriginal, crude, too easy, or other wise uninteresting content. It's getting better, though, and Enter the Gungeon is one of the pioneers which prides itself on bringing back the golden age of gaming for all us hardcore gamers.The game never feels unfair in anything it does, but it isn't afraid to kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you and swiftly discard you outside of its dungeon steps. If Enter the Gungeon could talk to you one-on-one, I'm sure it would say something like this: ""Oh, you want to explore further? Sorry, but only skilled players get to delve deeper.""Enter the Gungeon is an bullet-hell rogue-lite dungeon crawler that takes elements from popular titles in the same genre, blending them together in an amalgamation of every hardcore rogue-lite gamer's wet dream. The biggest factor in this masterpiece is your skill level - not your luck or your ability to cheese rooms and fights. It's just you, your gaming skills, and your character of choice. Sure, better drops help make your life easier, but if you were to get good enough you could undoubtedly beat the game with the starting kit for any of the characters. That same goes for the flip-side - getting an amazing gun that literally auto-locks onto enemies isn't going to do♥♥♥♥♥♥if you can't avoid and predict enemy fire and behaviours. Like I said - sure, it certainly helps alleviate the difficulty, but it isn't going to carry you to victory.With a huge amount of randomization and replayability, 'Enter the Gungeon' is by far and large one of the top contenders for my top 10 games of 2016 list. It's likely to be one of the games I play the most this year and onwards, and that in and of itself speaks volumes for it's success.TL:DR - With an awesome game balance focused around player skill and a huge amount of replayability, 'Enter the Gungeon' is a must have for any hardcore gamer or rogue-lite enthuiast alike."
76561197962021479,Recommended,311690,22573452,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Mr Snugglesworth,"I have enjoyed the game more than I thought I would.  I am not huge on bullet hells, but I enjoy games like spelunky, FTL, DCSS, etc...  It has a nice aesthetic, decent sound, and runs well.  I thought I would only enjoy it for a bit, but found my self coming back for more and more.  It is enjoyable to jump into for a round or two and then to go do other things.It is however missing crucial over the internet co-op and only supports couch co-op without split screen.  This game is tough and it would be nice to be able to get help from a friend.  Also there is no saving mid-run.  Being able to save mid run would make this game a great lunchbreak dive.I am hoping for DLC for this game that fixes both these issues.  If not I will be moderately happy with any kind of content DLC for this game.For the price it is fun, enjoyable, tough, and can entertain those looking to get better with every run for a while."
76561198122591879,Recommended,311690,22543552,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ShieldWriter06,"Even though I have only played this game for 2-3 hours, I can guarantee you this is worth your money, as long as you can manage your anger. This game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off more than Binding of Isaac, but it is also one of the best games I have played in a long time. The variation of rooms, drops, patterns, bullets and guns (very important those) is what makes this game so fantastic, and you just want to go back again and again to defeat the bullets shooting bullets and the ripped birds with machine guns. I would like some more gungeoneers but considering this game was released only 15 days ago, I am sure that that will happen eventually.Overall: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,311690,29085718,Posted: 7 January,all,Kerma,"Enter The Gungeon does a lot of things wrong, but the things it does right it does so right that I have to give it a pass as they almost make up for it's faults.The game design in this game is pretty top notch for this type of top down twin stick shooter. Flipping tables to block bullets and create strategic cover is fun, and dodging through bullets is breathtaking every time I do it. There's tons of environmental traps, including water to put out fire enemies and chandeliers you can smash down and kill things if enemies are below it. The secrets are out of control and pretty impressive to find. The shops have these grate slime people that you can sell your useless crap to if you get screwed multiple times on chests (and the exchange rate is actually decent)Even the production value is great. The soundtrack, while unmemorable except for the title theme, is suitably exciting and gets you on your toes. The personality in this game is amazing, everything has a good sense of humour about it and the way your character and enemies move and interact is always worth a good chuckle. The graphics are very pretty, and while I think they look less impressive in the later levels the early castle level is eye candy to me.Where Gungeon falls flat is the actual game feel. Here we have issues similar to Binding of Isaac: your weapons don't feel impactful, and you start out with absolute pea shooters. Your starting weapon is basically a tickle gun and enemies take a million bullets to kill, and every single starting weapon sounds like a limp♥♥♥♥♥♥whenever you fire it. To compare it to Nuclear Throne (which i'm sure everyone is already raring to do), the game feel in that game is absolutely amazing while the design is less so. Vlambeer really knows how to make your guns feel powerful and destructive, while the devs at devolver just know how to make a really good game.The game is also hard as balls. But it's less a ""good fun time"" hard and more a meanspirited punishing hard. Keys are scarce, and the shop's exchange rate for keys is pretty absurdly high. I'd love to see all the cool unlocks this game has, but I can't even get off the ground to find them. In similar games, even if they're hard they still let you play around with your toys before slapping you in the face. Gungeon feels like people drove you out to the forest and stole your car keys and now you have to scrounge in the dirt for them. The pilot has an alternative where you can lockpick a chest for the item without paying a key, but it has the backside of having a highish chance of failing, permanently ruining the chest so you CAN'T unlock it with a key. So the game basically punches you in the face for trying to extort the system for just a few more handouts.""Please Guv'ner, me and my mum have been starving for weeks!""Either way, I can't get far in Gungeon and at times playing it feels slow and tedious, but at the same time I love it. It's a really conflicted review. I wish somebody would mod this game to make the guns feel more interesting and kill faster, it might make the game a lot easier but considering the difficulty I don't think that's a problem. I'd recommend this on sale, but for full price it might be a battle of consideration."
,Recommended,311690,27009525,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cream-of-Plenty,"I am not very good at this game.If I were to describe Gungeon, I'd probably use the same comparison that a million other people have already used:  It's like something between Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne.  There's some of the frantic, gun-centric combat of Nuclear Throne.  There's the laundry list of unlockables and room-by-room random level generation of Isaac.  And there are enough bullets on the screen to be officially classified as a ""Bullet Hell"" by some sort of internet authority.The objective is to descend into the chambers of the Gungeon to find a gun that can kill your past.  It fires a special bullet, whose components just so happen to be scattered throughout the Gungeon.  You can collect those pieces, or you can just blast through the levels and kill whatever's waiting for you on the other end.  The Gungeon cares not.What the Gungeon DOES care about is alternatively rewarding you with an endless series of guns and items, and killing you through various traps and enemies.  There's a solid variety to the monsters:  Gun greaseballs that split into increasingly smaller pieces, conjurers that summon Gundead, shamans that obnoxiously buff other enemies, etc.  It's a colorful blend of D&D and Guns & Ammo.Fortunately there's a lot of things to kill them with, too:  In addition to straightforward weapons like shotguns and submachineguns, there are a ton of nods to pop culture weapons (MiB's ""Noisy Cricket"", MGS' Ocelot's revolver, Judge Dredd's Lawgiver, the Proton Pack from Ghostbusters, etc.).  Even Turok's ""Cerebral Bore"" is available!  I mean, come on.  That's to say nothing of increasingly bizarre weapons, like a cursed M16/Lightsaber combo, a barrel that fires fish, Cupid's Bow, or a mutant tumor.  With such a huge selection, it's inevitable that some of these weapons are great while others are crap--but, on the whole, the weapons are useful and the variety of functions that were fit into a 2D game's arsenal is legitimately impressive.Beyond that, you have fairly typical roguelite mechanics:  Permadeath, a hub world populated by NPCs that offer miniquests, services, and items to unlock, random in-dungeon mini-games and vendors, etc.  Gungeon won't throw very many mechanical surprises at you, but what it does do, it does well.PROS:+ Tons of unique NPCs, weapons, and items to unlock+ Enough secret areas, levels, and alternate endings to mix things up+ Beautiful and consistent art direction+ Tight controls that work well for KB&M and GamepadsNEUTRAL:~ Pacing is faster than Binding of Isaac, but (generally) slower than Nuclear Throne~ One of the more difficult popular roguelites I've played in recent memory--some people will definitely have trouble with it~ Currently 4 (+2 unlockable) characters, but the variety may feel somewhat limited compared to similar gamesCONS:- Even with the most recent patch, I still have runs where ammo is virtually nowhere to be found for multiple levels, resulting in an overdependency on a character's starting weapon- In co-op mode, Player 2 has to use a special (arguably inferior) character that is only available in that mode- Some of the challenges can be a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tty (in particular, one of the character unlocks depends on having a rare scenario occur five times)."
76561197992668925,Recommended,311690,25415213,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,DOOD,"You shoot bullets, with bullets firing from your bullet, while playing as a bullet, and dodging other bullets. And I kid you not, that's actually what can happen in this game."
,Recommended,311690,22802724,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Big Chongis,"This game is pretty cool but WHAT THE HELL!ITS SO FRIKIN HARD!but you should pick it up its fun, especially if your a fan of binding of issac"
,Recommended,311690,22859006,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ümbalite,gungeon is fungeonand yes i already hungeon myself for that joke
,Recommended,311690,25295445,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,dan.,"the gun is good, the p e n i s is bad*update*: Where's my tactical supply drop?"
,Recommended,311690,23031729,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Uncle Dave,Best Roguelike I've ever played
,Recommended,311690,26094345,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Mad Spoon,One of my absolute favorite games. A must play imo.
76561198054794691,Recommended,311690,32865715,Posted: 27 June,all,Fluffypandahugs,shoot things
76561197960542724,Recommended,311690,30883510,Posted: 1 April,all,Willy Green,Just found the Zorg gun from 5th element...  10/10 !
,Recommended,311690,22905469,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,AzulianBlue,It's a dungeon full of guns! What more could you want?
76561198097992278,Recommended,311690,28063930,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Schröding3r,You can flip tables in this game.What else would you want?Nothing.
76561197987594183,Recommended,311690,22489717,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Summon Sumo,"Enter the Gungeon is a simple yet hard game, kill all the rooms (prefab as in Binding Of Isaac) with random guns and actives. But what's the difference between all those roguelite/likes?Enter the Gungeon Uniques:-Awesome progression that keeps you wanting for more (may relate to Rogue Legacy)-Interesting and simple story that doesn't make bring what you already know, but gives you something else-Awesome local co-op-A lot of references :)-Awesome enemy diversity that keeps you on your toes-Easy to play, hard to master but doesn't crush/save you by RNGesus-Some crazy features that makes you love RNG (#searchforitm8)Similar to other Roguelikes:-Procedurally generated-Secrets-Unlockables for days-A LOT of items-A lot of fun :P-Some differentiation between charactersWishlist:-MOAR GUNS-More chars-More chapters (which are a few but makes your run worth the while)-More awesomenessConclusion: Awesome game, has a lot of options between guns and item combinations that synergise or nullify between them, made by rly cool devs that just keep updating the game, helping the customers to have a better day.Never forget to buy all the keys :P.(Not paid nor biased review)"
,Recommended,311690,23294355,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Vogiir,"This game is a gem for roguelike lovers,  im a big fan of the binding of isaac games, love rogue legacy, this game felt like a mashup of those two with a hint of dark souls (difficulty+dodge roll ), it really scratched that itch. But if those type of games is not your cup of tee...well you are shooting bullets with bullets...nuff said"
,Recommended,311690,23079263,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,badboy74,"After playing a lot of Gungeon, and killing one of the character's pasts, I think I can finally state my thoughts on it.Before I even start talking about this game, I have to mention 1 thing:If you don't like hard games, don't play this!If you can't get past the first floor in BoI, don't play this!If you don't have time to waste learning the nooks and crannies of this game so that you can actually beat it,don't buy it!I can't stress this enough. You'll just be wasting your money if you're the kind of person that doesn't like working hard in games for your victory.Anyway, on to the actual review:Pros+Good music (although it isn't particularly memorable, and unlike, say, nuclear throne, each level doesn't feel like its music has a specific 'theme' or mood to it.)+Tight controls+Lots of weapon (and item) variety.+Really, really good pixel art. Compared to this game, Binding of Isaac's art looks like a project made by a uni student.+As well as good art, the game has a great overall polish to its art and details.+♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of charm. The enemies, the bosses, the pun-filled item names - You can tell they put loads of love and care into every inch of this game.Neutrals~Lots of references to things that'll make you go 'ha i get it' a lot. Neutral because some people hate having every second item be a reference to something, and prefer having the fourth wall unbroken.~Punishing, punishing, punishing difficulty. Really, if you're not a huge fan of roguelites already, and you find BoI unplayable because of difficulty, don't buy this game. I, and a lot of other people, love a good challenge in a game, but challenge just really isn't everybodies cup of tea.Negatives-Enemies feelwaytoo tanky. Scaling health really doesn't help this either. It should really take a few notes from nuclear throne.which maintains difficulty throughout without adding unnessecary health that just drags the game on and on. The tankiness causes each floor to take way longer than it should, and to be honest, the game could be made 20x better if they removed (or at least lessened) health scaling, and taking some health off of unnecessarily tanky enemies (i'm looking at you, blue shotgun kin).-RNG's stupid artificial difficulty. If I get no new gun on the first floor, thus making me take 10 more minutes to beat the first boss and thus taking damage because the fight lasts too long, denying me from a health up (which, I might add, is very hard to beat the game without), who's fault is it? I'll tell you: the ♥♥♥♥ing game's. The dumb RNG also unhelpfully syngergises with my previous point, where I've been in situations where you have no ammo for other guns and are forced to use the starting gun on the last floor, and let me tell you: that alone is dumb as♥♥♥♥♥♥ because it took me 5 minutes to beat 1 room, while taking tonnes of damage because of the fact alone that the starting gun does no damage to the enemies which take 50x as many hits to kill as the first floor. RNG is just utter bull in this game, and I could probably list 50 more examples of why.-In a game about guns, finding cool new guns, and using said guns, there just isn't enough ammo. If you want a chance at surviving at the latter floors, you basically have to use ONLY your starting gun(s) on the first two floors. This drags the game on pointlessly. As well as this, a lot of guns get given a 'too good to use' mentality, meaning that you're only gonna  use them on bosses, then go back to using your weak♥♥♥♥♥guns on the actual floors, which, I'll remind you, is 99% of the game. Really, the game could be made way more fun by scrapping the current ammo system entirely, and giving it more of a nuclear throne approach, with ammo drops that only give you a small amount of bullets randomly dropping from enemies.All in all, it's still a fun game, despite its flaws. It could use work in the game's pacing and RNG though, which is why I'm giving it:8/10Great fun, if a little infuriating at times. Could use polish in terms of balance and gameplay."
,Recommended,311690,23701590,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Altara,gungeon status: entered
,Not Recommended,311690,22681745,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,A Gay Stoned Cat,"It's a damn shame this game is horribly balanced.  It has so much potential, but there's so many BAD design decisions.---- #1 ----You only gain maximum health by no-hitting bosses.  Wait, WHAT?  Are you serious?  So, if I don't get hit, I don't need the health.  Therefore, have some extra health?  And if you got hit, you clearly need that extra health.  But too bad - just keep replaying the first few floors over and over and over until you can no-hit the bosses.For an example of how to do this properly, let's take a look at another popular rogue-lite, The Binding of Isaac.  No hitting a boss gives you a very good chance of meeting the Devil, who will trade that unneeded maximum health for other powers - turn yourself into a glass cannon, risk vs. reward.---- #2 ----This game is called Enter the GUNGEON.  In the limited time I've played, I used my starting weapon more than ANYTHING.  Looking at the video and the screenshots for this game, you'd think you'd be using a bunch of different guns and switching between them on the fly to match circumstances, right?  Like any good shooter.Well.... no.  First, you have to find a gun.  They're random, so it's possible to go a floor or two before finding even a single one.  Which means killing everything with your starting pistol.  Including the boss.  And remember from #1, you need to no-hit the boss for that heart container!  If you didn't get it, you should probably restart because now you're disadvantaged heading into the next floors.---- #3 ----More gun problems.  So, okay, you finally found a damn gun.  Great!  Well, guess what.  It has limited ammo.  Ammo spawns VERY rarely.  In my 3 hours of gameplay, I saw a grand total of ONE ammo crate.  One.  In three hours.  That's how rare ammo is.  You need to save every last shot you can for the bosses and special enemies - if you just use your limited ammo guns for clearing normal enemies, you'll be out of ammo in no time and forced to fight the bosses with your starting weapon.This is a massive problem because enemies gain HP with each floor - eventually even common enemies take +6 shots from your basic weapon to kill.  With 8 shots in a clip, then a brief reload period.  And it's even more pronounced for bosses.  The first level boss can take +200 shots from the starting pistol to fall.  It's INCREDIBLY tedious, and it only gets worse as you go along.If ammo were reasonably common and you could actually use something besides the starting pistol, this wouldn't be so much of a problem.  But as it is, you are pretty much restricted to your starting weapon most of the game.  It doesn't make the harder, just more tedious as you carefully snipe one enemy at a time from relative safety.  It makes it a boring chore to clear a room, not a joyous action packed time.---- #4 ----""The Rat"".  There's a Rat in the game who teleports into rooms behind you and steals anything you leave behind.  So that ammo crate you don't need right now because you've been dutifully clearing the rooms with your pistol?Wasted. The moment you leave the room, it's gone.  Same goes for EVERYTHING except health.  (Money is automatically collected, you can't leave it behind, thankfully)  This is intended to limit backtracking, but it comes at the expense of ANY tactical decision making.  No bigger strategy.  No planning is possible.  With this mechanic in place, they'd might as well make the entire dungeon one straight line with no backtracking - it's effectively the same thing, barring a few minor differences (like being able to heal between rooms).--- #5 ----Drop rates. (Which is mostly responsible for the ammo problem listed above)The odds of getting anything for clearing a room (not enemy drops, ""room clear drops"") starts at 1%.  It increases by 1% for every room you clear without getting a room drop.  And it resets to 1% when you do get a drop.  There's maybe 1-2 dozen rooms per floor in the first 3 floors.Potential room drops are: health, armor, extra money, blanks (bombs), and most rarely of all, ammo.  Room drops (and very VERY rarely, stores) are the only way to replish your ammo.Take these absolutely abysmal drop rates, and you can see why ammo is SO incredibly scarce.  The odds of getting an ammo refill, even one, per floor is staggeringly low.  Anything can spawn and reset your drop chance.  You might get a heart you don't need or some extra cash or maybe just a blank.Odds of hitting that very small drop chance AND that chance landing on an ammo refill are easily sub-1%.  Meaning, per floor, the odds of getting even a single ammo refill per floor is realistically floating around 1%.  This is why you're effectively forced to use the starting pistol for most of the game instead of all those cool guns they show in the trailers.---- Overall ----Overall, Gungeon is a damn shame.  It has so much promise but there's massive, glaring balance issues that make the game a bore to play and chore to beat.  Massively disappointing.  Buy with caution, or wait for a patch."
,Not Recommended,311690,22750266,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ManBehindSentry,This game is lovely and well crafted but It often ends up feeling like a chore to me because of the enemies acting as bullet sponges (namely the bosses) I've finished 2 runs so far with Convict and Hunter and I never seem to get the same satisfaction I get from binding of isaac from being over powered or really outplaying the bosses or mobs in a room.
76561198129085750,Recommended,311690,27152831,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dr-Mar-Shmallow,its a great game
,Not Recommended,311690,26319026,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Rabbit,"This game has the makings of being great, but it unfortunately comes up short when compared to other bullet-hell roguelites, such as Nuclear Throne.Enter the Gungeon's critical failing is the pacing. It's everything but a slow tactical shooter, yet it lacks the speed and feeling of urgency that you get in Nuclear Throne. This leaves the gameplay feeling sluggish and lackluster, despite the supporting elements of the game being superb.This genre lives and dies by its pacing, and as much as I'd like to recommend Enter the Gungeon, it simply isn't up to par in this aspect, and I can't recommend it when there's such great alternatives out there."
,Recommended,311690,22311692,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Edo,"Enter the Gungeon sets the bar high for newly released Indie Games in 2016 and here is why:Are you looking for a genuinely challenging, engaging and rewarding experience and you absolutely love Binding of Isaac or other Rogue-lite/like games?Look no further! Enter the Gungeon offers tons of replayability to the player, with just about 17 hours I had my first clear of the game, not to mention, one of many, and not even scraped the surface of whats beneath this amazing title!The gameplay is fresh, clearly inspired by Nuclear Throne / Binding of Isaac BUT with a twist! The dodgeroll allows you to completely ignore any incoming Attack for the remainder of it, a'la Dark Souls.This allows for a reasonably high Skill Ceiling when trying to achieve perfect runs.The way the game is executed, every step you take in the game is calculated towards the outcome of your run.I found that, losing health early can snowball the run into oblivion if I end up with bad luck and don't get enough health back, while certainly possible to beat the game without getting hit, it gets increasingly difficult as you progress in the game. REALLY difficult.""How difficult is it in comparison to Binding of Isaac?""Isaac is a piece of cake in comparison to Enter the Gungeon - you don't nearly get enough health or items during your gameplay, which effectively makes you play much more careful and punishes bad decisions heavily.Remember, how in Binding of Isaac, a certain combination of Items could catapult you through the entire Game and essentially make it trivial? While in Enter The Gungeon powerful items sure do exist, they don't have as massive of an impact on your success.Bosses will still barrage you with seemingly endless amounts of bullets and what not. They definitely want you to ROLL! If you think you can simply faceROLL (heh..) a boss and ignore most of its mechanics, you will be gunned down.Pros:Fantastic, Fresh and Unique GameplayAmazing Pixelart & AnimationsGreat & Creative variety of Weapons / ItemsInteresting Minigames & Secret MechanicsBaller SoundtrackGun PunsCons:Lackluster Character selection (Only 4 Characters and they aren't unique enough)Extremely punishing for beginners (subjective, this differes from player to player, I personally like the challenge)Poor Controller Controls (KB&M definitely rock here)Enemy variety is based on Floors - you won't see more advanced enemies on Floor 1 - essentially making every run feel the same.Some Weapons need rebalancing. There are too many similar functioning ones that are just useless.Overall, Enter The Gungeon gets a 8/10 from me.I had fun so far and I will continue to have fun with this game, give it a SHOT. (get it?)"
76561197961171525,Not Recommended,311690,29864724,Posted: 11 February,all,Olaf,"There are several good things I can say about Gungeon:Creative word play on weapons, items, and enemiesA pleasing pixel lookA genuine sense of accomplishment from learning to play the game wellA constant carrot on a stick in the form of something new potentially being unlockedWhy I stopped playing and can't recommend it: The randomness istoorandom.The first floor alone would either be stupidly easy, giving me the weakest foes and at least 1 spectacular item that could carry me through the next 2 floors.-OR-The luck would be so awful that every room would be a struggle of dodging bullet spam. On top of that, bad item drops that would make the first 2 floors be completed with nothing but the mediocre starting gun.This would frequently lead to attempts being boring and even tedious. The game only has 5 standard floors (with 3 optional floors that are high skill to reach and/or defeat) on a standard playthrough. Getting the same small selection of guns that are comparable, or more oftenworse, than the starting gun is frustrating. The different and wacky guns are the core of the game, and slogging through the first 2 floors with nothing more powerful than the starting gun is so much of a norm, it doesn’t make the few times you get an interesting weapon worth it.Who should play Gungeon:People looking for an extremely challenging bullet hell shooter highly reliant on randomness to mix up the experience.Why you should avoid Gungeon:You have a low tolerance for repetitionYou tend to have bad luck when it comes to randomness in video gamesYou don't enjoy games where the primary game play is dodging projectiles (Bullet Hell)"
,Recommended,311690,22332057,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"If you want a challenge, this is the game to get! Especially if you like Rogue Lite games. This feels like a cross betweemn Hotline Miami, Binding of Isaac meets some of the best aspects of you're favorite Rogue Lite/Rogue Like. Tons of guns to find, some will have you laughing, while others will have you saying ""F*ck yes! this game rules!"".I was not sure how I would like this game, with the faster paced combat, but I have really enjoyed this so far. It is a very hard game but I feel the difficulty is just right for a game like this. Don't be scared to die, learn and put what you learned into ya next run! Just be patient, don't get angry when you die, learn why you died and come back even stronger! Some runs you can get bad luck when it comes to RNG, but keep at it! Sometimes you get some good luck!Did i mention this game has a ton of awesome guns? Some of the best selection of creative guns around! The audio is also very well done, as are the controls and gameplay. If you feel like a challenge, like Rogue lites or enjoy indie style games, pick this up today! For me it is the best rogue lite game in awhile.I have spent around 3 hours on the game so far and it is already well worth the price tag, I expect to play a good amount of hours on this game. I will comeback at a later time and add to this review, Now back to playing!"
76561198104158965,Recommended,311690,22253087,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Fishing Guru,"A definate purchase for fans or rogue likes such as Isaac or Nuclear Throne, which this game is a great mixture of.Gameplay is twin stick shooter, that being said it controls really well onmouse and keyboard (like Nuclear Throne) and that may be the best way to play it. It is decieving at first but this is a hard game, a lot of positioning required and when out of position you have 2 options, roll and blanks. Blanks will clear the screen of enemy fire and delay theiir next shot, but are limited so emergy only. Rolling however is your main evade, and since health is so scarce in this you need it. The roll doesn;t add loads of manuverability, instead it gives you invincibility frames, so if you time your dodge right you can jup through enemy fire while the i frames are active, like Dark Souls.Progresses like Isaac where you have multiple rooms per floor, a boss of the floor, a shop and some secrets, defeat the boss and then you can go to the next floor.But there is also a permanent progression as well, actions in side the runs can unlock new items for subsequent runs, and defeating bosses earns you a type of currence spent in the game hub which can be used to purchase new weapons and items to be added to the pool of items in game.The games items vary from weapons, to actives and also passives, this allows for some interesting synergies to emerge and makes the run feel unique in its own way.Multiple characters to choose from at the start, each with their own unique starting items, so you can find your favourite or vary things up.The thing that surprised me the most about this game are the sound effects, extremly detailed and high quality, whioch makes the guns a lot more satisfying to use.The games soundtrack is also really good, techno music that fits nicely into the backgorund of the game,"
,Recommended,311690,31830014,Posted: 18 May,all,Doctor_Schultz,"Very colorful, lot's of humor. I haven't played it much, but I know enough to say that it is a good game."
,Not Recommended,311690,29762365,Posted: 7 February,all,sjarking,"Polished game that looks great, feels mostly great and has interesting guns and all.But I can't feel any sort of progress from it. I've played this for 15 hours and I feel like I've achieved NOTHING.Procedually generated don't have a long life span for me, unless you feel like you're actively achieving something.Consider where a big portion of this game's lineage comes from, I want to compare it with Binding of Isaac.Binding of Isaac looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it gives you the sense of progression. There's always something you might unlock in a playthrough, be an item, enemies or unlocking more content in  the story.I don't feel any of that from Enter the Gungeon. I wish I could enjoy it, but I'm not.It feels like I'm farming without really knowing why, doing the same enemies over and over and over and there's not really any good carrot to keep me going.Others love it, I don't."
76561198066344212,Not Recommended,311690,23409721,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,wkjdfx,"Enter the Gungeon has very unique mechanic and interesting gameplay, but its unforgivably horrible balance ruins the whole game. With its current balance, I can hardly recommend it even as dungeon crawler fan myself.Pro:- Combining bullet hell and dungeon crawler offers a refreshing experience- Tons of guns each designed with unique ability- Just the right amount of lore and secret to exploreCon:- Extremely unbalanced guns, most of which can hardly take down a boss even with full ammo. In the meantime, the very few guns that are actually effective against bosses are so effective that they take down the boss with only a few shots- Unbalanced levels where the difficulty scales poorly. Enemy's health scales up in each higher level, yet player's weapon damage and loot pool on each level stays the same. Players could either get very OP weapon in the begining or useless **** in late game.- Hitboxes that are too aweful for a bullet hell game, especially the hitbox of a flipped table.Rant: I never expected that I would come to hate Enter the Gungeon. I've played Binding of Issac, Risk of Rain, Crypt of Necrodancer Rogue's Legacy, Darkest Dungeon and all Touhou games. As a fan of both dungeon crawler and bullet hell I generally get into this type of game quickly. However for Enter the Gungeon the whole experience feels like boarding a pain train. Enter the Gungeon is supposed to be hard and rewarding, but it just ends up being unfair and frustrating. At this point I just wish that the devs will fix the balance some time. Because IMO, with a better balance Enter the Dungeon might actually do better than Binding of Issac."
76561198089637907,Recommended,311690,24524978,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Inci♥,Got spice'd to death gg
,Recommended,311690,22356203,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Diopside,"I have such an intense, bipolar love/hate relationship with this game that I'm beginning to think that it'd be a bad idea for me to ever get involved with someone.Everything is presented so well, and there's so much content, but it's so painfully tedious to actually play.Tentative recommendation, if only because it's super ♥♥♥♥ing satisfying to find one of the three weapons that kill bosses slightly faster than the other 200."
,Recommended,311690,23815234,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Crooner,"Since Steam opened up Chinese region, a large number of Chinese players entered Steam. They no longer play pirated games, but pay for genuine games. Based on the huge population and excellent quality of the game, adding Chinese language support is clearly a win-win option, with a low cost in exchange for unparalleled reputation and substantial revenue, game makers really should consider it carefully. And as far as we know, compared to the quality of the game, the Chinese players prefer pay for the games which have Chinese language - even though it is not particularly good."
76561198038027462,Recommended,311690,29507331,Posted: 26 January,all,Atano,"There's not as much diversity as in Isaac, but the gameplay is refreshing and I had a blast playing it for dozens of hours. Moreover the game is still living with recent updates so there is even more things to try. Very challenging but worth the time I've spent."
76561198150624872,Recommended,311690,30232076,Posted: 27 February,all,An Unbusted Nut,This game is for those ready to lose their social life for trying again and again on things that people finish in one go.
,Recommended,311690,29636433,Posted: 1 February,all,TheKarpuk,"Enter the Gungeon whorships at the altar of shooting stuff. It's a game about guns and bullets. Almost everything in some way relates to either a gun or a bullet. Elevators are fired bullets, enemies are often bullets. Boss names are almost all some play on words related to ammo or weaponry. If you are aroused by the idea of shooting things, this game is effectively pornography.I have not beaten this game. I may never beat this game. But it falls into a very special category of games that I can jump into for an hour or two, have a good time, unlock a thing or two, and leave without feeling bad about the time spent.If there's anything problematic about this game, it's the challenge curve. There's not that many floors, and the difficulty ramps up significantly from floor to floor. There are ways to open up shortcuts, but they require a massive investment in time and resources, and skipping floors often leaves you underpowered for the challenge ahead.This game is still being updated, so maybe this will be addressed in future, but the upgrades are a little lackluster. I think I was hoping for something more akin to Rogue Legacy, where each run gives the possiblity of getting a little stronger. So far, the only upgrades I've found are for potential weapon and item drops. This means that you can spend your hard earned credits on gaining access to a new gun that you might not see for hours. The ability to add character upgrades, even if only in a limited fashion, would really give extra incentive to keep pushing.But the joy of finding and freeing a new character for the Breach is still exciting, and the gameplay loop from room to room is still a blast. This is a game I'll probably be coming back to for a long time."
,Recommended,311690,29504060,Posted: 26 January,all,Nymxael,"A very fun roguelite game. Don't let it's colorful appearance deceive you, it requires a lot of skill and practice to get far, and a thick layer of luck. No online multiplayer, which is a massive shame, but the game is plenty good on it's own."
76561198242867970,Recommended,311690,23898677,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mr Antagonist,"Well this game is an extremely challenging,but rewarding indie bullet hell with a lot of charm and polish. It is essentially is dark souls had a baby with a bullet hell and added guns and pixel graphics into the mix. It is brutally difficult as previously mentioned with a very steep learning curve about attack patterns, how to deal with certain enemies and generally which guns are good and which ones are bad. Although once you get past these frustrating things it feels amazing to clear a whole floor without getting hit once. So this game has a very mixed love-hate realtionship with me. More love of course as it scratches my binding of issac itch which it is very similar to, but with you know........... GUNS. In short it is a great game that requires a lot of skill and patience that is definitely worth checking out. 9/10 Pretty great game."
76561198118862141,Recommended,311690,24151076,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SMPLMATIMATICS,"Have you ever liked a game, but you hate it at the same time? That is how i feel about this game..Fun as f***, but very challenging."
76561198264731291,Recommended,311690,29514564,Posted: 26 January,all,heyheyehey,I can be a bullet that shoot gun that shoot bullet from a bullet at bullet that shoot bullet.
,Recommended,311690,29730636,Posted: 5 February,all,Mister B,"This game is basically 'The Binding of Isaac' but everything is either a gun or a bullet.Same rules as BoI, when you die you gotta start over but you keep currency and unlocks.In this game:- GUN PUNS, LOTSA PUNS!- Candles are bullets- Doors are bullets- Heart containers are bullets- Weapons are guns that shoot bullets OR bullets that shoots guns that shoot bullets?!- Bosses are bullets or guns- Enemies are bullets or gun puns- Your arms are guns, your fingers are bullets, your soul is an eternal bullet YOU ARE A FOOKING GUN!Characters:- Pilot: weird guy with a melted face (sprite)- Marine: Space robot cyborg- Convict: Some thug laif chick- Huntress: Grill with a doggo- ???: Secret- ???: SecretAll in one this game is amazing and recently got free DLC wich is also amazing.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,311690,23426048,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,HighlanderSteve,"I don't often write reviews for games I haven't played a lot of, but I have really had fun playing this game over games like Isaac and NT. It's been a blast playing through it, and even though I still haven't killed the Dragun (closest I got was a sliver away on his final phase) I keep getting sucked back for more.Also, amazing soundtrack. I might buy that just to show my support."
76561198069411847,Recommended,311690,23153391,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,dick ovens,is that a jammed dragunthats a jammed dragunrip
,Recommended,311690,30181522,Posted: 25 February,all,AsCii_exe,+90 hours and I've just ended this game 3 timeskill me
,Recommended,311690,29777801,Posted: 8 February,all,qxtc,Shotty shotty bang bang
,Recommended,311690,22521292,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,"Gabe, The Doggo",Shooting bullets with bullets. 10/10
,Recommended,311690,23374418,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Gelitenbro8jelly,I love this game two weeks in and its blown my mind. Yes it may be hard when runs comeout dry but its nothing compared to how bad isaac can be to get started. 9/10 would by again
76561198303574578,Recommended,311690,30382196,Posted: 7 March,all,CheapShotNinja,"If 'The Binding of Isaac' and 'Dark Souls' had a baby, this game would dodge roll over that baby and shoot it in the face."
,Recommended,311690,24303120,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,patric,"Although the £10.99 entry price seems a little too steep, in actual fact what you get for your money is extremely good. I have not managed to get bored with it at all yet as every single dungeon I enter is unique but feels detailed and themed enough to keep me knowing I'm in the same place.The gameplay is highly engaging, where you dodge and shoot your way around rooms, with sometimes rooms that spawn in enemies as you kill them, creating this waved effect. Speaking of enemies, they are all very personalised and recognisable. Some are challenging and you hate them, some are easy and its free money.Content in the dungeon features:-more than 1 boss you could face on each floor (every time you go to that floor the boss could be different)-collect money for the shop you find on each floor, and the items it sells always varies.-open chests with keys you find to get a huge variety of ridiculous and powerful weapons, although some items seem less useful than others.-hand crafted rooms but together in a random way, such that every dungeon has a high level of detail and touch-bullets, lots of them.Overall it's a good game. Buy it."
76561197972266460,Recommended,311690,24008600,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Twosday,"This game will undoubtedly go down as my favorite game of all time.This game is outstanding from a technical and design standpoint. The art is nice and has a unique style, the gameplay is top notch with more decisions and processes in a single room than some games have in an entire level.Pros -1. Incredibly easy to learn, yet hard to master gameplay.2. A solid variety of weapons and passives make good runs alot of fun3. Tons of unlocks and hidden things make for high replayability4. Incredibly satisfying when you play well, or beat the game.Cons -1. Very difficult. It will take you a long long time investment to clear the game.2. Drops and consumable items are extremely rare. It makes some runs just a disaster as you run out of ammo and other resources and it essentially becomes unfun/unfair.3. Some of the guns are so worthless you are almost better off leaving them on the ground.4. The good items are -REALLY- rare. There are numerous items ive only ever seen once in my 300+ hours of play.Overall this game is fantastic and worth playing for anyone who likes the twin stick genre."
,Recommended,311690,23912586,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ricera,Get it for the theme song and stay for the engaging gunplay and the allure of trying out new guns.
76561197980625862,Recommended,311690,24055438,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mars_Zorro,This game is in my opinion alot of fun. If you like dungeon crawlers or bullet hell games this is definetly somthing to pick up.
,Recommended,311690,23675240,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,A jar of Butter,"""this is what rouge-likes are about, flinging your head at a wall until one of the other breaks."" -Ben ""Yahtzee"" Croshaw."
76561198100186710,Recommended,311690,23677808,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,SoggyMcGee,Hours of content for a great price.
76561198170225719,Recommended,311690,24097526,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,KERET,"I've played 4 hours and still havent gotten past the first floor, I've died several times to mimics and holes, I tell someone this they say wait till the hard parts. I hate this game yet I love it."
76561198260938644,Recommended,311690,24114326,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Frodo,Make sure your computer mouse isn't a piece of crap first otherwise this game is 11/10 addicting/fun.
76561197974525636,Recommended,311690,30268523,Posted: 1 March,all,Zenon,A fun bullet hell/roguelike hybrid that doesn't take itself too seriously.  Great controls and responsiveness.  Also has a collection aspect that keeps me coming back.
,Recommended,311690,25557876,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Proesilver,Wow really hard but still fun from the amount of characters that you can choose from so i would say it's worth getting if you have enough money.
,Recommended,311690,27536973,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,rat sandwich,"Enter the Gungeon? More like Enter the PUNgeon.GorGUN. Bullat. WINCHESTer. You get it, don't you?"
,Recommended,311690,30307630,Posted: 3 March,all,my name meme,"Enter the gungeon is the sorta game you either hate with a passion, or sink hundreds of hours into trying to unlock every single gun. The massive list of enemies, items, guns and bosses is still growing.Brilliant game, excelent gameplay. 9.3/10"
76561198095838323,Recommended,311690,25393069,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Auditore,"personally, i am sure it is more difficult than dark souls 3.good luck."
,Recommended,311690,22562035,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Seven,"Definitely try this game. You can easily tell if you want to keep it before the refund period ends, and it's super addicting. If you think you like bullet-hells or dungeon crawlers you'll probably like this game too."
76561198219943117,Recommended,311690,25340614,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ChepChep,This game is hard.... R.I.P my sanity.People talk about breaking you controller in rage but have you ever tapped your mouse button so fast your finger literally sets on fire?
,Recommended,311690,24327941,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Cae,"A perfection of the trend Isaac started. Better movement, more intense combat, and fewer snowball runs."
,Recommended,311690,23634256,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,as she locked,Enter the Gungeonmore like...Bullet's Bullet Hell ???_____　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　▄▄▄　　　　　　　　　　____╱ ☖　　 ︡ ╲　　　　　　　　　　　　　　▄▄████▄　　　　　　　　╱☖　　︡╲　　OH!╱　⎕　　　█　╲　　　　　　　　　　　　▀██▀████▄　　　　　╱　⎕　██　│▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀　　　　　　　　　　　　　▀██　　▀██　　　▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄　　│█████████████　　　　　　　　رر　　　　　██▄　　██　▄████▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▄█████████████　▄　 　　　　▄⎧⎧　　　　　▀⍞████　▄████████████▄█████████████　█̱̱▀̱̱▀̱̱▀̱̱██████رر　PEW!　　　▄███　███████████████████████████　█▄▄▄██████　　　　　　　███　　█████████████████　██████　█　███⍞█　　　　　　　　　　　　　　█▀▀██████████████████▄▄████　███　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　██▄▄█　███　　██　　　　　█████████████　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　▄▄▀▀▀▀▀███████▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　███▀▀▀█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀█▀　　　▀█▀　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　▀█▀
76561198060743174,Recommended,311690,24308737,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Hi Im Bacon,"Saw the tralier and bought it in right away!!!It's an amazing game...I bought one for me and one for my friend, not knowing it's only local co-op...so make sure you have somone to play with localy hahacan't play co-op online!other than that amazing game!"
76561197967665998,Recommended,311690,24283782,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,abbadox,"I love the graphics and gameplay. Co-op needs to be from the start, not after the game has been beaten. If i'd known that I would not have purchased a few copies for family and friends."
76561198069114639,Recommended,311690,25576053,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,RON^2,This game is super addictive and very fun. Gets hard fairly quick. Love it overall.
,Recommended,311690,23616542,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Angry Tom,"Now this is a fun game, but it's entirely too difficult. You've got to plan a lot, figure out how to use cover, dive pretty much constantly, avoid damage while dishing it out. I love the concept of it but actually trying to do all of the above is pretty much like trying to fist fight a grizzly. I found this game just a little too difficult, probably well beyond my skill level. Not sure if I wasted money on this or not, but a difficulty scaler would probably help out a lot. For now, I can't recommend this based on how challenging it actually is, which is in part my fault for lack of skill, and my being used to casual gaming (Yeah, I know, filthy casuals!). That said, this game is fantastic. I may have to keep bashing at it until I somehow, figure out exactly what the hell to do."
76561198025982750,Recommended,311690,23404632,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,TankZeez,"I had been seeing this game randomly when browsing the store and for awhile never really was bothered to buy it. Then one day I said ♥♥♥♥ it and got it. Was not dissapointed. I play this game with friends only, it is not as interesting by yourself. If you are not grunting when dodge rolling away from stuff, you are doing it wrong. I bought this game shortly before I went on leave, and when I got home me and my sister were instantly hooked. Please add online to this game, I deploy to Kuwait really soon and I would love to play this game with my sister while I'm overseas.You can flip tables and use them for cover (╯'□')╯︵ ┻━┻9/10, add online and that will quickly go upU.S. Army Infantry!"
76561198046365802,Recommended,311690,22291448,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Mysterious Penguin Revolution,Not for the light of heart. No mercy just guns. This game will push you to the edge....
,Recommended,311690,23799128,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sir Wilfrey,"You will die. A lot. You will die until you scream. You will die so many times you lose track and rely on the helpful game counter to keep track of how many times your past still haunts you. You will lose all hope, decide you suck at video games, and move to an island and change your name out of shame for walking into that last bullet. BUT.You will always come back to try the Gungeon,  just one more time..Buy it. Play it. Hate yourself. Come back. Get a little further. Die again. Unlock your first shop npc and be as happy as Dark Souls ever made you. Get back in there and do it the hell again, because there's still a hundred more guns to unlock and that boss insulted your mother."
76561198094068204,Recommended,311690,22946712,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,DaBeastDatIsDerpy,"MY AMMOCONDA DONT WANT NONE UNLESS YOU GOT GUNS, HUN"
,Recommended,311690,23089269,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Oneki,"Great game. Looks great, many little details. Sound design is quite mild and could have been stronger. Finetuned and tight gameplay. Lots of randomness involved, which makes some runs harder than others. Bosses are not an easy task. Great deal of original guns. Makes you chuckle here and there. Gives out Spelunky or Binding of Isaac vibe, with its mysteries - not knowing what to do here and there, but feeling it would be awesome to crack it. Progressively games do get longer (first runs 10 mins, later 40+ mins) and shortcuts are not simple to get, but are in place. With all that said, it does feel one step from being a perfect game.Definitely recommend playing if you enjoy Nuclear Throne (feel very different actually, but in the same genre), Binding of Isaac (for the mysteries, things you find and how it changes the gameplay each session) or even Hotline Miami (for the fast-paced gameplay)."
,Recommended,311690,23666196,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,NaughtyWaffle,"Incerdibly fun game with addictive gameplay and colorful world and good but somewhere limited roster of characters, depends much on luck when it comes to opening chest and receiving new guns, which leads to a somewhere tiring grind. Disaapointing lack of online multiplayer.  8.5/10"
76561198119371003,Recommended,311690,24624341,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Lonely_Portrait,prob one of the best indie shoot um up bullet hell games i have ever played 10/10 ign
,Recommended,311690,23367310,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,La nada,"I pirated this game,. played 6 rounds of it, fell in love with it, bought it."
76561198066439121,Recommended,311690,25609538,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Paegan,This game's difficulty was my sole motivation for learning how to use Bit Slicer.10/10 would cheat again.
,Recommended,311690,28542739,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Dunkasaurus,Really enjoyable retro twin stick shooter
,Recommended,311690,23915396,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,alldayj,binding of isaac had sex with guns and gave us this10/10
,Recommended,311690,26996974,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Haita | BOASPIADAS.COM,"Truly the best of two worlds. A good bullet hell, with great animations, amazing controls and lovely charisma about everything.And guns.Doomguy would be proud."
76561198109752106,Recommended,311690,27009701,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DrMcPiggy,"A difficult game over all but very rewarding as you play and gun your way through ""chambers"" of enemies all adorable skinned as bullets that shoot more bullets at you"
,Recommended,311690,26932213,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lapetus,"Very much your typical dungeon crawler game but with a few new elements. I started playing Issac before this, but I can say that EtG takes what Issac started and creates a wonderful baby that can handle a gun right out of the womb. Difficult learning curve that keeps on going. 9/10"
76561198158477647,Recommended,311690,26574031,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GameBroy,"but Quests are too hard. The require too much money. In order for you to have enough money for the sidequests, you cant buy ANYTHING at all. or else you wont be able to afford it.all those piece of crap quests where you have to amass all kinds of money to complete are freaking BS. like the dude who fixes the elevator asking for 150 money and 4-5 keys! wth! Its hard enough to get that much and if you do, you end up putting yourself in such a disadvantage and it comes back to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥later on in the game. You NEED that money and those keys. also the quest where you have to finish THE bullet by buying a part in the shop worth 110 money. AGAIN its BS because you need that money. I have bought it multiple times but never managed to take it to the chick thats very far in the game. I can beat the whole game to the credits screen but not when I spend all kinds of money and put myself in dept and end up losing. I cant even unlock costumes and the other character yet because of this. There is such a thing as making a game too hard you know. I would gladly spend hours in this game I love it. but dont force me to keep trying and trying till a finish the quest."
,Recommended,311690,26863984,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kuu_Hanekawa,Can bring anything into a gun fight in the Gungeon. 10/10
76561198141466950,Recommended,311690,25373964,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,AbsoluteKira,"Quality simulator. Simulating;RageAnxietyJoyBullets killing their own kindHellWhat happens when Navi is enragedPunsMimics adapting and evolvingDodge rollingyour poor skillsYour amazing skillsViolent Package and mail deliveryGunsLasersA Bird 5x more swole than youTable FlippingPanic attacksMore Rageand more!Side effects include:Death, Addiction, Removal of your past. Etc"
,Recommended,311690,29516200,Posted: 26 January,all,LJP IO Arcana!,Don't give up! Try to unlock more guns and the game will become easy
,Recommended,311690,29541188,Posted: 28 January,all,HarryMorgan01,"This game is rogue-like perfection. gorgeous visuals and an incredible soundtrack and sound direction make every single movement feel like pure bliss. with a great cast of characters with their unique abilities and items you'll be playing for hours trying to figure out your favourite character and weapon for every situation.For those unaware this is pretty much Binding of Isaac on steroids. and I love it. everything is a pun about a gun or bullets, and there is a gun which fires a bullet, which fires a gun which fires a bullet. If you like a difficult to master rogue-like masterpiece I cannot stress enough how much YOU NEED TO PLAY THIS GAME. This may be my favourite indie of all time. I'm serious"
,Recommended,311690,29479435,Posted: 25 January,all,Ash Hearthguard,"Having finally completed all four 'pasts' and having had some excellent runs, as well as picking up the 'Lead God' achievement on my last run, I feel very confident in my statement that this game is -fantastic-... when it's working with you.The game is addicting, and you're gonna want to do run after run after run, but it can feel like a bit of a slog or a serious uphill battle sometimes, especially when you're trying to get one of those elusive master rounds to just give yourself the slightest bit of a edge you can collect. It's painful sometimes, especially in later boss fights, when you've wittled yourself down because the game just doesn't want to cooperate and give you some good RNG.Which, of course, is just the nature of the beast. Sometimes the dice roll against you and roll against you -hard-. Being able to make up for this requires getting very good at the mechanics of the game- dodge rolling, blank-timing, shooting, reloading, and of course, simply walking between bullets because you know where your hit box is and isn't. Just like any other bullet hell.With all of these negative thoughts, don't forget that I am -recommending- this game to anyone looking for a twin-stick shooter (though you can play it just fine with a m+k, and some players and speed runners prefer m+k over controller) with a little bit of rouge-lite elements and some bullet-hell sensibilites, but thought Issac was too easy and didn't like how Nuclear Throne looked/played, Enter the Gungeon might just be the game for you.Also, the soundtrack, visuals, and relentless jokes and puns will help take the sting off if you have a bad run. Happy Gungeoning, now go out and get a gun to kill the Past (so you can rewind yourself and get this game sooner!)"
,Recommended,311690,29733962,Posted: 5 February,all,PLEB | Guv'ner,Gameplay 10/10Soundtrack 10/10Puns 10/10Online Multiplayer 0/10
76561198069114060,Recommended,311690,26772747,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dave_Shirley42,its like chivalry
,Recommended,311690,22905702,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Domer,"Very addicting bullet-hell roguelite. Enter the Gungeon is extremely difficult while still maintaining a sense of fairness. It does get a little old, fairly quickly. 8/10."
76561198072501874,Recommended,311690,22905748,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Shade Shaadent™,"I see this game as the binding of isac but all the enemies have gunsfor me its pretty easy to get into and hell its alot of fun, but it can be difficult to get past chamber 3, atleast for me because my luck with chests sucksgreat game, goes into alot more detail of how the world surrounding the gungeon works, love it!!!"
,Recommended,311690,22906461,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,TFXRaven,"Colorful, quick and you can be shooting within seconds, this is easily the best roguelike I've played... maybe ever? I enjoy Nuclear Throne, but this feels far more substantial with so much more content with a style all its own. It's beautiful and insanely fun and the only nitpick I may have is the slow progression. 15 hours in and I'm still nowhere near defeating it despite it only having 5 levels. Well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,311690,23012013,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,TheMutantSpaceDancer,I like this game but i suck at it
76561198104327464,Recommended,311690,22983778,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ChaoticWizardry,"Very fun and enjoyable game, lots of very unique weapons and items that each have their own abilities"
76561198070751352,Recommended,311690,22760340,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,MrDerpHerpin,"yes, this game should be an INSTANT-BUY! seriously, it is better than the Binding of Isaac, im dead serious. the game is challenging, loaded with unique guns, cute styled enemies that are badass at the same time, and my fave thing about this game, it isn't just about running and gunning, you have to actually be SMART to beat this game! you can't just get an OP combo and beat it like it is nothing, oh no, you have to actually DODGE instead of just standing there shooting like every other bullet hell. i give this game a perfect score, a 10/10 it is that good. this game has me hooked!"
76561198046096687,Recommended,311690,22979624,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Revari,One of the best roguelike bullets hells out htere
76561198009770264,Recommended,311690,22788950,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Sev,"As an avid roguelike gamer, this game is one of the top in its class.  Lots of content, great challenges and secrets, resource management and playstyle dependent with randomized elements of course.  Only downside is it can be a bit grindy with the hegemony credits (money in the hub you spend to unlock extra guns to find in the gungeon) and it needs more enemy diversity.  That being said the cons are far outweighed by the pros.  Worth every cent twice over."
76561198043989131,Recommended,311690,22292825,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Triangle Jerry,Yo dis shet is hard but good nah meen
,Recommended,311690,23012772,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Lurking,"No game that I have ever played, in my entire, sad life, has made me want to stick toothpicks under my toe nails and kick a door as much as this ♥♥♥♥ing game has. I love it."
76561198178352449,Recommended,311690,23027436,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Double Dutch,"The Game is very funny, i like the Game style, the funny weapons.Overall one of my favourite Game"
76561198122501280,Recommended,311690,23031823,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,KomotoKrill,"This game as an awesome time waster, and i say that in the best way. The game is hard, but that is what makes it fun. If you are a Binding of Isaac fan, you will adore this game, but be warned; this game is not Isaac. I feel that some people give this game a bad rap because they compare it to Isaac to much. They are very different, and require a different set of skills to master. GREAT GAME"
76561198262576597,Recommended,311690,23032167,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,MinoSan,This game is so awesome i want to die
76561198126643381,Recommended,311690,23032445,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,2fckineazy,Absolutely love this game.I would be playing right now if my wizfe wasn't doing homework. We need that xobox one ps4 port ASAP. Thanks for the on-coming hours of entertainment.
,Recommended,311690,22255064,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mash☭,"The art is nice. The guns are nice. The music is okay.Bulletkin are cute. Also there's a ♥♥♥♥ing corgi, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ what the ♥♥♥♥!also it's kind of hard"
76561198281646126,Recommended,311690,23085510,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,me me big boy society.gg,it is like the binding of issac but 100000000000000000 times harder
76561198042915453,Recommended,311690,23138535,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,lylfo5,Can be played in short sessions (about 1 hour max)Lots of RNG in any run...better to have a wiki to check out new items/shrinesNever pick up keys until shop is discovered :D
76561198039332062,Recommended,311690,23174601,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,jipper123,awesome game would suggest this to anyone who enjoyed binding of Isaac
,Recommended,311690,22931197,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,PeaceyOnPeaceyOnPeacey,"Good game, Needs online multiplayer!"
,Recommended,311690,22921797,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Raptor Jesus,Quite an enjoyable time with this game! local co-op add alot to it! I would suggest!
76561198086766389,Recommended,311690,24316977,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Vallemont,"I'm one of those people that came expecting this to be a good ol' TBoI experience and realized this is MUCH harder than that. Which I felt is actually pretty nice! I like myself a good challenge. But this game gets preeeeetty close to the line of unfairness, because it's really RNG reliant, because you're not always aware of enemy placement and you can suddenly have things pop close to you and hit you, and because sometimes you still get hit by bullets because you dodged them a millisecond late. Also progress is really slow. Like, rrreeeeeeeally slow. It's still a pretty darn good game, for sure! But sometimes the mistakes feel like the game's fault, and not yours. I wish I could play it nonstop like other games, but failing over and over makes me frustrated enough to just put it aside for a while until I feel ready to tackle it a couple times again."
,Recommended,311690,24027873,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Derpyyy,"I can't recommend this game enough. I found it through The Binding of Isaac, a game that I was a great fan of since it came out. I've had it for about a month now and I've already reach 2/3 of the playtime that I had in the past few months I've been playing The Binding of Isaac. I think it nails a design feature that was kinda missing in The Binding of Isaac: the concept of secrets, which is one of the reasons I love this game as a Rough-Like. It keeps you playing not just to reach an end goal, but to complete quests, unlock NPCs, secret characters and complete certain minigames along the way. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys Rough-Likes, there is a vast array of weapons and items to unlock and it is extremely satisfying to see yourself getting better, and getting longer streaks of victorious runs."
76561198260357274,Recommended,311690,23605062,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,hollisterlg90,OMG THIS GAME IS GREAT!!! BUT NO MULTIPLAYER SERVER!!!!!
76561198049431164,Recommended,311690,26523066,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Lobsterror,"Stumbled upon Gungeon in my neverending quest of finding new aproaches to the roguelike genre, I must say I was not dissapointed, this game packs swift action combined with humorous scenes and enemies; the cherry on top is the wide variety of weapons and situations.If you crave a bullet hell with an RNG that will keep you coming back, this game is for you."
,Recommended,311690,33142305,Posted: 2 July,all,TheEpicDuck,Great bullet-hell roguelike!
,Recommended,311690,33124711,Posted: 2 July,all,Infinite CJ,"Probably better than Binding of Issac. This game is good on all fronts. Amazing Gameplay that doesnt get boring with its good level design. Amazing Soundtrack to keep you going deeper into the Gungeon. Also the cast supports many playstyles  for any taste. This game is fast-paced, sort of a bit overhead DOOM. This game isnt easy either, can get very challenging with the bosses. Will keep you hooked for a while"
,Recommended,311690,33162505,Posted: 2 July,all,OctanePhantom,Incredibly fun and dynamic game play with a multitude of different items and enemies to suit your Run n' Gun needs
,Recommended,311690,33138069,Posted: 2 July,all,MikeG,"Played for a couple hours so far:Seems like a fun, challenging game with enough variation (guns, items, characters) to keep it fresh even despite some repetitive levels/bosses.I have only made it past level one twice so far in 10 or so tries, and I know I am only scratching the surface."
,Recommended,311690,33115481,Posted: 1 July,all,Adeleine,Isaac but with guns. It's really ♥♥♥♥ing good.
76561197983728282,Recommended,311690,23184108,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Omridon,"While perhaps not as dynamic in it's gameplay as the Binding of Isaac, Enter the Gungeon starts as an empty shell that gradually builds on itself as you unlock more features of the campaign. The plethora of weapons and items adds variety to each run, relying much more on accuracy, both in dodging and aiming. However, this huge arsenal can be a downside in that one will frequently receive lots of less-than-stellar weapons with a preference for a few game-winners. Early on, before you unlock some decent items, it's quite common to get saddled with a host of ineffectual items. The bosses and enemies are varied enough in their attacks to keep the player on their toes, and rewards good play with bonuses. Unlike Isaac, the co-op is absolutely superb, keeping the players tied together but independent enough to have their own arsenal and items. Overall, Gungeon is an addictive experience that will likely keep me coming back for the days to come."
76561198197196962,Recommended,311690,33029737,Posted: 30 June,all,Mr.crezy580,ПИУ ПИУ ПИУ И Т.Д.
76561198042757957,Recommended,311690,32992240,Posted: 29 June,all,yveshohler,top notch game!
,Recommended,311690,33040862,Posted: 30 June,all,Matinow,If you liked Binding of Isaac you will like this game. Worth it's price.
76561198571302277,Recommended,311690,33060181,Posted: 30 June,all,Indistrol,"this game is so good and i cant stop playing it beacuase it reminds me very much to the binding of isaac since all the mechanics are basicly the same you start from cero and then the rooms, bosses and guns genereted randomly decide if your game is going to be a piece of cake or a very hard challenge i realy realy realy recommend you this game so much and i hope that if you buy it you enjoy it"
,Recommended,311690,33060204,Posted: 30 June,all,Kmo,I need rehab
76561198123617149,Recommended,311690,33063334,Posted: 30 June,all,Sheepskate,"Good game, really hard. I like it more than Isaac, I would recommend."
76561198378449867,Recommended,311690,33063609,Posted: 30 June,all,DondzGaming,"This is a pretty fun game i honestly don't feel like getting bored after many times of playing it unlike other games. 10/10 most interesting game i played.just a few things i want in this game:please update it more like new guns, new bosses, new mobs or something like thatthis is not just me but all the gungeoners out there some of them prefer this than isaac so might as well challenge the competition.and ofcourse like the other gungeoners said please the online co-op."
,Recommended,311690,33069614,Posted: 30 June,all,sorent,Great action Platformer! Would suggest adding online multiplayer as that would make this game even more fun.
76561198096116786,Recommended,311690,33098581,Posted: 1 July,all,DevilNiro,BEST GAME OF WHOLE TIME!!
76561198208108556,Recommended,311690,33148443,Posted: 2 July,all,Bomber,A hard but fun game
,Recommended,311690,33146177,Posted: 2 July,all,Zankiif,How can you not love this game?
,Recommended,311690,33151203,Posted: 2 July,all,AlexD1891,"Can you buy this game? DO IT, don't doubt it, don't think it twice, it worth every cent"
,Recommended,311690,31882899,Posted: 21 May,all,Nuclear Nacho,"Fair warning before you click purchase, this game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ It's pretty unforgiving for new players or people who aren't used to the Nuclear Throne style of gameplay. Once you get used to it, you'll kick it's♥♥♥♥♥right back!Enter the Gungeon is a game where 4 characters have entered an alien dungeon with a gun fabled to kill the past because they all have done something horribly wrong and need it. Grab your guns and get ready to shoot up everything in this roguelike bullet hell shooter. You find different guns and items along the way to help you in your quest with some pretty fair RNG, but don't rely on RNGesus to save your♥♥♥♥♥from everything. There are tons of different enemies, bosses, and guns that will make your life easy or straight to hell.While your at it buy the OST its pretty lit and makes you feel like a badass, and yes this game too, will make you feel like a badass. (also there's a TP launcher why wouldn't you want to shoot up a dungeon with a TP gun?)"
76561198303114049,Recommended,311690,31931651,Posted: 24 May,all,Gregorio Sanchez,"Pros:Great controlsBeautiful spriteworkNice musicPunsA surprising amount of secretsAnd huge arsenal of G U N S and items that is just so funCons:Its hard. Not a con for everyone, but something to considerDue to its random nature, there are runs that refuse to give good loot, but these are rareNot online multiplayer (fingers crossed this is eventually implemented)9/10 enough guns"
76561198296379786,Recommended,311690,31944628,Posted: 24 May,all,D1SGR4CEFULD3AD,"knees weakarms are heavygod, the boss just killed me already"
,Recommended,311690,31930836,Posted: 24 May,all,I AM THE THUNDERFAP,Best Pixel Graphics Shooter GAME EVER!!! LOVE IT!!
,Recommended,311690,31930259,Posted: 24 May,all,buttpiss,"wow, wow, wow!❤ me some twin stick, arena and rouge-like and to have them all smushed together alongside a bazillion guns is just a walk-on-water miracle of a game. toss in a side salad of bullet hell and you make this game spicey as fug.i watched the preview and thought to myself, damn, i need to add this to my wishlist. i couldn't find the button because somehow i already owned it! i have a few games, so i forget which ones i actually purchased sometimes.i'm so happy that i had it! this game is pure fun with just the right amount of challenge. i have a hard time remembering that i have the blanks that wipe out the hellacious bullets at times, but i'm getting better with each run.there's so many bloody guns; i'm honestly agape when i check out the ingame guide. i have no idea how a developer can come up with so many. my favorite gun so far: the t-shirt cannon! 👕🔫when i get some cash someday (i bankrupted myself with my gaming addiction) I'm going to guy this game for my gamer pals and we'll have some fun doing some co-op... it does support online co-op, right?right?!i'll be coming back to this game often; it has great replayability to itch that action fix when needed that rash starts to fester. except you itch it withBULLETS.i love you."
76561198025914520,Recommended,311690,31934301,Posted: 24 May,all,Mavi,Buy it.
76561198292192326,Recommended,311690,29038641,Posted: 5 January,all,justin.lane9,No saves and health is hard to come by so you better be on your A game.  Fun and challanging arcade style and I have just scratched the surface.
,Recommended,311690,29187306,Posted: 11 January,all,Hirsch,Only took me (almost) 100 hours and 197 horrible deaths to complete this game for the first time.10/10 would suck at this game again.
,Recommended,311690,29772459,Posted: 7 February,all,Mit,I got a bullet that actually was a gun that shot guns that shot bullets at other bullets holding guns shooting bullets 10/10.
,Recommended,311690,29748272,Posted: 6 February,all,Gromek999,"This has quickly become my absolute favorite roguelike game of all time and I have played many.It is a very hard game that will increase your skill gradually and you will have to learn patterns and movement and patience to win.You unlock many items over time which is great and gives a good feel for progression. The bosses are absolutely amazing and so is the artstyle and animations (♥♥♥♥ing steller I might add)There is not many downsides to this game I can find, it might get difficult for some players unless you have alot of previous experience in roguelikes.If you have played Dark Souls/Binding of Isaac/Teleglitch or similar things you should be good to go."
,Recommended,311690,29645652,Posted: 2 February,all,Satman^,an extremly fun mix of nuclear throne and the binding of isaac
,Recommended,311690,29571150,Posted: 29 January,all,Interdimensional Pancakes,"Enter the Gungeon is an action-packed shooter that is AWESOME. If your considering buying, get it while the sale lasts (unless you read this after the sale, which ends the day I post this). If the sale is over, get it anyway. its good. Theres lots of really cool guns, like the gun thats shaped like a bullet that fires bullets that look like guns which fire bullets that look like bullets. Confusing? GREAT! you'll love it then.Dodging, running, killing, shooting, looting, its fun for the whole yourself. maybe your family too. but 30 year olds (I am sorry I assumed everyones parents age) wouldent usally play something like that. your little brother (if you have one) will learn how to use a keyboard and how fun it is kill endless  gundeads (thats what the most common enemy is) and rip through mosters souls.if you think thats what you need in a game then you need Enter the Gungeon."
,Recommended,311690,24194771,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Pugu,I shoot bullets... literally
,Recommended,311690,28951612,Posted: 2 January,all,NxtDot,the closet with spikes can go suck a knob
,Recommended,311690,28960960,Posted: 2 January,all,yelling,"Gungeon is a tight and excellent shooter which boasts a sturdysingle player rampage, charming NPCs and diverse gungeoneers, and manages it's co-op with spectacular finesse. Isaac meets Darks Souls but with guns and less♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ blood and agony, with a killer soundtrack to boot. Buy this game."
76561198046898285,Recommended,311690,30016154,Posted: 18 February,all,annoyingdoge,"Honestly, this is one of the best games I have played in a long time. The endless variety of enemies  and guns, along the dedication to all that is gunnery make this game truly one-of-a-kind, and the gameplay is smooth and feels right. The difficulty is fair, with situations never requiring you to use the screen clearing Blank items to not take damage. It is more like you need to make sure you don't get into those situations, rather than the game forcing you into them. Every mistake you make is most definitely your fault, with the game making sure you know what you did wrong.All-in-all, a fantastic game that is absolutley worth the full price, and is an even better bargain with a sale. The only thing I can think of to improve right now would be to make the DLC seperate, so you can earn the MTX gun seperate from buying the comic and/or soundtrack."
,Recommended,311690,27080207,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr BNK3R,"Quirkiest little game I have ever played. It's so much fun! The one downside, and it's almost so small that it's not even worth mentioning, is it needs steam workshop compatibility. Other than that it's pure amazingness."
76561198012302079,Recommended,311690,29884151,Posted: 12 February,all,VolumeOne90,"Enter the Fungeon!50% skill, 25% randomized levels, 25% randomized gunsThe game begins by you learning the enemies, the guns, and the boss fights.  You get randomized weapons and enemies fighting in randomized rooms.  There's no real ""choosing"" what you get, its all chests and whatever the shopkeeper(s) offer you.You'll die many times before getting the hang of it, but offers a good amount of replayability.  There are a lot of unlockables so you can feel like you get some progress at least each time you play. (Average run is about 40-60 min).I appreciate the humor of the gun names. The gun names are based off popular guns from movies, other games, and history, or other silly concepts like the peashooter (shoots actually peas on a pod)."
76561197971767322,Recommended,311690,27909364,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BigPopPauly,Can't put this one down....just anothr minute or two...it's so addictive.
76561198066672893,Recommended,311690,29684602,Posted: 3 February,all,Sheppinator,"smooth gameplay, appealing graphics, great story, entertaining humor, and lovable characters"
76561198076536590,Recommended,311690,27434366,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mocking27,"A competent rogue-like if a little too unforgiving. Couldn't get past the second level proper for a long time (mostly because I play badly). The shooting is fun but the starting weapons become too boring too soon and new weapons per level are hard to come by. Could be balanced to be more 'fun', like a choice of starter gun. And multiple modes."
76561198122114812,Recommended,311690,28661129,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,fluffy_vulture,"Mo guns, mo funs!Im ready for that supply drop update guys: you're worth the wait, make it shine!"
,Recommended,311690,26959202,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EL Pacha,this game has me playing for hours
,Recommended,311690,23527314,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Maxbolted,"A holy mix of all the rouge like elements from Binding of Isaac, and the guns from Borderlands.It's hard, but mostly fair, expect to die a lot in the beginning.I love it!"
76561198083568932,Recommended,311690,22644604,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,depression,dark souls 4
,Recommended,311690,30880263,Posted: 1 April,all,MaroonIsNotRed,There is a gun that rides a skateboard and says noice.
,Recommended,311690,23024434,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,SimonDerp,"This game is A M A Z I N G! I recommend it to everyone who likes games like Nuclear Throne or The Binding Of Isaac. If you dislike games that you need skill and rage to finsih, then i would recommend rethinking this purchase,"
76561198184109434,Recommended,311690,27692770,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Art,"Absolutely stunning pixel art, attention to detail, and the best glitches in the world (Mostly in multiplayer)No online co-op though, if you're into that."
76561198244714688,Recommended,311690,27597817,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Eugene H. Krabs,"If you like fun arcade action and bullet-hell shooters, 10/10 would buy againIf you don't like these games. 10/10 would also buy it againIf you don't care. Y u read dis review? 10/10 you are interested again"
76561198073399274,Recommended,311690,26949956,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thorzag,"Incredibly fun, but I feel it is lacking in an online multiplayer"
,Recommended,311690,26960597,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mister spoo,heavy weapon's guy's favorite game on steam
,Recommended,311690,29590235,Posted: 30 January,all,Zennith,"I hate this game. But if you enjoy difficult games, in rogue-like fashion, go for it."
76561198339669746,Recommended,311690,29597474,Posted: 30 January,all,Black Daddy,Really fun game with a challenging gameplay. Each run can change your experience and ability thouroughly despite being an RNG dungeon simlator.
76561198105222495,Recommended,311690,29618963,Posted: 31 January,all,Ja Dahling,after playing this game for around 3 hours i have decided whole heartadly that this is my favourite bullet hell game ever made 10/10
,Recommended,311690,29815283,Posted: 9 February,all,ᴾᵒʳᵏʸ,"This game is great. With so many different items, weapons, playable characters and enemies from the Supply Drop Update, you can easily spend  weeks, if not months still finding new content. Rediculous Item combos and wacky guns can lead to a single run being easier than the tutorial. This was certainly worth every penny I spent on this."
76561198093710039,Recommended,311690,29816151,Posted: 9 February,all,Young Gypsy Salad,Needs online multiplayer but otherwise hella good
76561198051298671,Recommended,311690,29578614,Posted: 29 January,all,Jimmeh Gibbs!,"Not having much experience with ""bullet hell"" games myself, I must say this is one unique title in its own right. It's comical, has plenty of lore, addicting gameplay, and is a helluva twitch shooter. Every action you make each second can make or break your run. The luck factor and massive amount of content in this game definitely gives it TONS of replayabilty. Although the gameplay is determined on luck by what items you get from chests and such, there definitely is a need for skill. Overall this game is a gem, another fantastic Devolver Digital title is delivered to us once again."
,Recommended,311690,29512703,Posted: 26 January,all,★LittleFight3r★,"This game is amazing from graphics to soundtrack. I'm not that good at bullet hell games and i still have a blast with this game. If you like games that have amazing soundtracks, graphics, and like bullets flying at you from different directions then tis is the game for you! One more thing you will die and you will die a lot!"
76561198001203032,Recommended,311690,29547549,Posted: 28 January,all,Jahn,Really good game and very difficult.
,Recommended,311690,29547735,Posted: 28 January,all,| AOD | Forgotten Lands,I was a bullet holding a gun that looked like a bullet that shot bullets shaped like guns that shot bullets at a dragon made of bullets that threw knives that were bullets with guns that shot bullets.Simple.
,Recommended,311690,29468391,Posted: 24 January,all,Spoopy Punpkin Rosalie (Lilian),Its like isaac but with guns a lotta guns. also cute characters :3
76561198091080030,Recommended,311690,29857268,Posted: 11 February,all,Markospadako,Died a billion times.Got killed by a bullet shooting a bullet.Got called nerd by a rat person.Got a heart attack by a mimic.Got a very good gun and then died in the next room i went into.Cried myself to sleep.10/10 would play again
,Recommended,311690,29619669,Posted: 31 January,all,Cpt. Fantabulous,"So before I started writing this review I decided to read a bunch of the negative reviews for the game to see what the main problems are that people seem to have with the game.In the end it seems like the main problems are that the enemies take too many hits and that it is too hard.That first complaint seems kind of odd to me, no matter who you play as of the four characters (Plus two unlockable ones) on the first floor Bullet Kin. The most common and weakest enemy in the game will die after two hits, unless you play the Hunter in which case you can use your crossbow to one shot most every enemy on the first floor. Of course doing this makes a trade off since you are using up ammo for it.When the game first came out it was honestly way way too stringy with ammo and health drops at the end of rooms. You could easily go a whole run and only get half a heart on all five floors. Now however they have since rebalanced the game somewhat to make it much more forgiving. The first two floors tend to throw health and ammo drops at you far more often so you can use weapons much more freely.You usually get weapons in one of five ways either by opening a chest (which are colour coded to give you an idea of the quality of item inside), getting a chest drop at the end of a room(which is still pretty rare), destroying a chest(Which is risky and very unlikely to drop a weapon, especially if you have a key), buying a weapon from a shop(Which is now more likely since they upped the money drop rate) or from killing a boss. There are also a few mechanics for trading in weapon or selling them but more often than not you are going to want to hold on to every gun you can.The weapons in the game do suffer somewhat from sometimes being pretty samey, there is a subclass of ""Realistic"" weapons that mostly feel kind of pointless, however they are at worst just decent workhorses that you can fall back on when the crazier guns run out of ammo. At best they can actually be pretty great, like the M16 which switches from a normal machine gun to a grenade launcher when you reload.There is a pretty wide spread in terms of damage across all the guns in the game, however often times they will have an odd quirk or some secondary effect that makes them worth using. For example the T-Shirt cannon has a huge amount of knockback that can be used to push tough enemies in to instant death pits. There are also magic weapons that have a chance to turn any enemy (including those that are supposed to be invaluable) in to chickens for a instant kill.You can still get a run where you get nothing but bows and charge shot weapons but that is just part of the nature of these kinds of games. In fact the thing I like about the game is that if you are good enough you can still make it through with a bad loadout. Unlike a game like Isaac where you can find your self so far behind on the damage curve that you get ground into the dust.  As long as you stay on your toes and put what you know about the attack patterns of enemies and spawn patterns for rooms to good use you can pull through.So to get back to my point about enemies taking too many hits I just flat out don't agree with that. As I said most enemies on the first floor can be taken down with one or two hits. The bosses do have quite large health pools and I have read that they have DPS limits but if they do I have never noticed it. There is a weapon called the Yarl Launcher which launches a stream of rockets. It will either kill or reduced to nearly zero health every boss up to the High Dragon in a few seconds. However the tradeoff is that doing this uses up all of the ammo. Most of the time however you will find the bosses take a few minutes each to dispatch, so you really cannot just try to tank hits and scrape through. If you want to survive you need to learn the patterns and get good at dodge rolling.As a side note when the game came out the Tank boss was so hard they actually nerfed it, so the devs do actually listen to people.So to the second complaint that the game as a whole is too hard. I will say this, if you come into this game expecting something akin to Isaac then you will find yourself dying over and over again.This game is all about room control, moving around the room to corral enemies into a group when you can. When you can't you need to focus on the main threats and take those out first. For example there is one enemy that can summon a powerful Shelton. So if you see that guy or the summoning sign on the floor you need to race to take him down first if you can. Sometimes that is not possible and so you just have to deal with the new threat.The game has a set of fixed rooms that seem to have a set of possible enemy combos/spawn orders so if you play the game enough you will start to be able to recognise what you can expect to fight in a room. There are still a few rooms that will just dog pile you but I have yet to find one that did not have some kind of pattern to it.In the end the reason I like the game so much is because whilst it is hard I feel that it rewards you for sticking with it. Once you start to get a sense of the pace of the game you will find yourself being able to breeze through  the first two chambers with ease, then the third, then the fours and finally maybe the fifth(Although I am not there yet). If you go into this expecting to breeze through with ease then the game will smack you down time and time again.Once you have gotten into the groove you will start to see things open up, with secret chambers, shortcuts to open, challenges to complete and a whole bunch of other stuff to unlock you will always have some new target to aim for.I do wish they would add Online Multiplayer, I was kind of hoping they would add it with the Supply Drop update but that didn't happen."
,Recommended,311690,29620528,Posted: 31 January,all,{OTD} Grizby,"Fun! Tho the Linux Version is still a bit unstable, and crashes hard.kill -9 > Bullets"
76561198140185477,Recommended,311690,29720012,Posted: 5 February,all,Vampirate,Still have not got past the first dungeon..
,Recommended,311690,27034833,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RegardedSnail,This game is amazing. Not making this for a badge at all...
76561198040988447,Recommended,311690,26595234,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TimewarpXD1,Kill your past or go home! There is no safe space in the Gungeon!
76561198349596934,Recommended,311690,29381384,Posted: 20 January,all,SuspectTako,This game is a perfect mix of challenge and fun!
76561198063806601,Recommended,311690,27866607,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,met,Imagine Isaac but with a lot more bullets on the screen and less poop.8/10
,Recommended,311690,26894896,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cog,It's fun and hard
,Recommended,311690,26474562,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Knight Lautrec,(╮°-°)╮┳━━┳( ╯°□°)╯ ┻━━┻
,Recommended,311690,29702393,Posted: 4 February,all,Bjorn,"I only have 18 hrs on the game, but its a really good game.I've only reached the third floor of the dungeon and im still getting destroyed, but it's a really good game cause you learn from your mistakes."
,Recommended,311690,29524173,Posted: 27 January,all,TerroDark98,"I absolutely love games of the bullet hell/rouge-like genre, but Enter The Gungeon takes the cake. Please, do yourself a favor and buy this game. You won't regret it, I promise. 12/10"
,Recommended,311690,29530253,Posted: 27 January,all,🍁ᴬᴮᴬᴰᴰᴼᴺ🍁,"All in all, a good and stressful game, its hard to make me rage quit at one thing over and over again...that being said.ADD A MULTIPLAYER OPTION!I have friends who also have the game and it would be the best thing ever if we can get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥together.Note: If there is a co-op mode, i didn't know about it because i stopped playing like 6 months ago :D"
,Recommended,311690,29546289,Posted: 28 January,all,CharCharSauce,This. Game. Is. Amazing.
76561198169513767,Recommended,311690,30040972,Posted: 19 February,all,bot,B U L L E T
76561198026851407,Recommended,311690,27304162,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RifqyDgamer,"if you dont know games like binding of isaac or nuclear throne you can skip this partthe game has a similar concept, you go in a randomly generated dungeon, get items that buff you, and get guns that might or might not be better than the one you already have, but it has its own charm, and i can see that the game's more bullet hell than binding of isaac, so if you liked that genre, hey, thats a bonus,now...continuing on.the game is a roguelite, which means a permadeath mechanic, when you die, you die for good (err well, in this particular game you just travel back in time and start over from the begining) , and your character starts from zero again, all the powerfull items you get for your character for that run is gone, depending to some this might be good or bad, to me permadeath means shorter sessions, its perfect for those who just want to waste a couple of hours time for fun and not worry about strategy in the long run (like say, an RPG game).while having permadeath means you start from the beginning of a dungeon again, it doesnt mean theres no progression to be made (it is a rogueLITE after all), at first only a few items or guns are unlocked for you, unlocked here meaning ""you can now find it on runs now"", after you play for a bit you start unlocking new items and guns that you have the chance to find in the dungeon, adding interesting milestones for you other than just getting good and reaching the final boss.like binding of isaac, the game is more or less based on RNG, which means you can just find terrible items all day in dungeons on one run and immediately get an S rank gun on your first dungeon  on the other run,  to me the RNG isnt an issue here, i never really got frustrated by it and hey, thats part of the game.TL;DRGood bullet hell game with lots of replayability, it wont bore you for quite some time, and you can just play whenever"
,Recommended,311690,23477257,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Dorkseid,"I'm normally someone who doesn't enjoy rogue-likes, but I LOVE enter the Gungeon.I especially love the co-op (local only, unfortunately).The only people I wouldn't recommend this to are people who dislike difficult games (and even then I'd say it's worth a try).It's hard, but it's not unforgiving. When you die, you feel like it's your fault and not the games.If you like 2D Zelda or shmups, pick this one up. It's wroth every penny."
76561198087801283,Recommended,311690,23502027,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,GRick,"Great game. Challenging, yet satisfying. I think I'll be following the creator's content for quite some time."
76561198132208532,Recommended,311690,23994220,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sir Cumference,I wasn't a big fan of it but it is still a good game.
,Recommended,311690,24088939,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Gangplank,"Its freaking amazing, buy it."
76561198006000973,Recommended,311690,24089699,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jerboa™,"Gameplay is very fluid and rewarding, but some parts (especially bosses) can be unreasonably hard. Definitely recommend this game!"
76561198076900160,Recommended,311690,24093244,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fizz of Insanity,"The first time I saw this game was when a friend of mine was streaming it on Twitch.tv. That being said, once you get it into your hands, this game is fun and addicting on a rediculous level.People were right when you hear them say it's ""The Binding of Issac"" with guns. Not since some old Arcade games have I had this much fun playing. It's worth a pickup so please give it a try!Only negatives are that there's no Steam controller support or Online Co-Op but it's just those 2 points! ^_^"
,Recommended,311690,24095427,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fukkleknuckle,10/10 would die at the first floor again
76561198144767434,Recommended,311690,23944335,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[HOG] Dr.Tree,One more run...One more run...One more run...GOD DAMNIT I ♥♥♥♥ING DIED
,Recommended,311690,23900687,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sir Jamsession,This game is as awesome as advertised and consistently provides new exciting challenges. Fun with a friend!
,Recommended,311690,23870448,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ImperatorOsiryx,"Enter the Gungeon is a twin-stick roguelike, similar to the Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne. However, Enter the Gungeon also has its own mechanics, and adds bullet-hell elements. I have never played Isaac or NT, so I can't really compare this game to either of those.Pros/Cons+ Excellent base mechanics+ Couch (chair) co-op+ Huge variety of weapons and items+ Has its own feel and aesthetic+ Lots of fun secrets+Good bosses- Many items and weapons are less than useful- Other games have better bullet-hell mechanics"
76561198038568601,Recommended,311690,23207657,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Joey,"I'm at 131 hours of play time while writing this and I'm going to play until I have 100% of the achievements (2 left!).Pro: Basically, I love this game. It is arguably very difficult at first but it gets easier with experience, whilst still holding onto the challenge. I especially love all of the references and homage to dozens of other memorable games and media. I've played hours of Binding of Isaac and I honestly prefer Enter the Gungeon.Con: It currently only supports local multiplayer. Also, after you unlock all of the characters, guns and items, there isn't anymore rewarding progression for beating/playing the game."
,Recommended,311690,23474499,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Spirit,"Very much like binding of isaac but with guns. Guns, guns, and more guns.Very fast-paced, difficult and extremely addictive.Lots of cool stuff and secrets to see.It also has a pretty good soundtrack."
76561198157522067,Recommended,311690,23418859,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,KingJulianHD,Never been so fond of a game I'm so bad at10/10
76561198060826356,Recommended,311690,23442558,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Grande Rico,"This game is really addicting and while people might say the binding of issac or nuclear throne is better, cosider this. Now I may like the binding of issac better but that dosent mean that this game is worse id atcually say its just as good. Only differance (besides the gameplay) the binding of issac has had 4 or more years to develope the gameplay. Trust me this game will only get better as the developers get more feedback. Even now I would reccomend this game, its fun and addicting."
,Recommended,311690,23299094,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,bluexspirit,super cool game i am not that good at it but i really like it
76561198214292048,Recommended,311690,24224756,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ur_name_here,It's a fun game.
76561198010539641,Recommended,311690,23053847,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Shaftie,"Do you recommend this game?  Yes to all who would call themselves gamer.Why?  This most certainly won't be everyones cup of tea Steam reviewer.  True.  This will allow a younger generation to experience a style of game that is genuwinely difficult.  This might not be your style of game but I highly recommend you give it a shot.  If it's not for you, Steam has a fantastic refund policy, just be warned you may re-purchase to prove to yourself you've 'got the what it takes'.I'd like to address several of the games various complaints that I've seen:1. Success is determined by the random items you aquire during your run.  I'd like to debunk this, while I have not experienced all of the content yet (I have not beaten the game in any of it's multiple sense) I believe that with enough knowledge and practice you can consistantly beat this game regardless of the items you acquire.2. RNG!  Yep, it is what it is.  Sometimes chests/items will spawn as a reward only to instantly be nuked.  Sometimes the spacing/placement/additional spawns of enemies will be ROUGH.  Sometimes you'll be low on money or items, or both.  Again, still beatable.3. Bosses!  Of course they're hard but like many bosses of old you have to grind them.  You have to learn their patterns then apply that knowledge.  You have to focus when you're in the moment of finally beating that boss that's had you down for XX runs.  Yes, they're utter bullet hell.  Yes, they have a boat-ton of HP.  Yes, you can do it.The pros:This game is fun as hell, bullet hell.  I'd liken it to Dark Souls.  If that game is 'too hard' for you, you may still like this.  Not to say this game is less hard that Dark Souls, I'd wager both will take you 20+ hours regardless of skill level if it's your first exposure to the series and I haven't achieved the simplest completion of simply staying alive.Very clever design, In addition to the take on the denizens you've got a load of massive references from popular culture.  You will be both older and vastly exposed to all geek culture if you get them all.Weapons.  You've got lots of different 'guns' that can be mostly lumped into fully auto, semi-auto, channeling, and the rare melee.  Of these 100+ weapons each one plays a little differently from the other.  Sometimes you've got a whacky weapon that you've had before but still don't understand because it's doing crazy stuff with each round.  Sometimes you've got guns that reflect bullets on reload...honestly the world is your osyter here.How this game can make you better at gaming:It'll combat the tunnel vision.  You'll soon attempt to focus down the enemies that you deem most threatening.  This, while wise, isn't always an option.Learning the best offense is a good defense.  Tie in to the previous statement.  You cannot crush your enemies, see them driven before you, nor hear the lamentation of their women if you're dead.Spacing.Situational awareness.Reflexes.  Dear God reflexes.Success in this game is rewarding.  Failure, is failures get, sucks.  You will fail, over and over.  Will you stay on the ground or get back up?"
76561197997968448,Recommended,311690,23321014,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Hoyasexa,Really enjoying the gameplay. Controls are smooth and the randomly generated levels are enjoyingly challenging.It\'s kind of a mix between Nuclear Throne and the Binding of Isaac.
,Recommended,311690,22768733,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Seign9,"One of the best rogue-lites I've ever played. A very close second to The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. It's got the feel of Nuclear Throne but has the deep item pool and synergy depth as Binding of Isaac. It can be frustratingly hard but at the same time it's also extremely replayable. Just like every other rogue-lite, no 2 runs are ever the same and you'll constantly find yourself saying ""ok, one last game"" and before you know it, hours and hours and several ""last games"" have passed.The graphics are a throwback to the 16-bit era but it totally works for this game (and this genre especially). The soundtrack is wonderful and is worth buying on it's own to listen to when you can't play. The controls are tight and every last key is re-bindable if you feel uncomfortable with the default settings, although after only 10 minutes, I had all of the basics memorized and feeling right.If you're into this genre, $15 is a steal, especially considering the amount of gameplay you'll get out of it. I've currently got 20 hours in and I've barely scraped the surface yet. I can absolutely see me spending more time with this game than many of the triple A titles I've played (and spent $60+ dollars on)."
,Recommended,311690,22774259,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Pat Rick,"Great game, keep up the good workreally needs online co-op pls next update and this becomes 10/10"
,Recommended,311690,23203373,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,juanfolivera89,"Great gameplay, very addictive"
76561198089111991,Recommended,311690,23241109,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Gianfranco9961,"I really enjoyed this game, even though you learn to ragequit often at bosses. I definitely recommend anyone to buy it!"
76561198249324946,Recommended,311690,22747417,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Hapstean,"hard, rage inducing, but that moment when you find a legendary gun is so worth it.10/10 all day long"
,Recommended,311690,24187315,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,| Cow,Enter the Gungeon is very fun and is veery well made for being an indie game. I would recomend to anyone who likes bullet hells and With the graphics they perfectly fit the game and one thing I canot make work is the multiplayer and will help if someone can tell me how to make that work.Overall it is very well designed and will reomend to anyone.
,Recommended,311690,23980328,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sprinks,great dungeon crawler shoot em upit is a little grindy and difficult at first but that's what makes it so addicting
,Recommended,311690,23906239,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Shawcrow,lol
76561197992003938,Recommended,311690,23917199,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,SoulShock,"I never quite took to Binding of Isaac in the way that some people did, but Gungeon has been different.  It's great, it's varied, it's hard as nails."
,Recommended,311690,23929340,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,|LZ| lefab,"If Binding of Isaac had a baby with Nuclear Throne, it'll be this game...with guns...lots and lots of guns...in fact, pretty much everything is related to guns in this game...(and you can flip tables !)As the title suggest, expect lots of puns.Update: With the next (free) DLC-sized update, you'll be able to use a gun that looks like a bullet that fire gun that shoot bullet...while playing as a bullet. 'nuff said."
76561198236381930,Recommended,311690,24015448,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,BJP,"EXPLOSIONS EVERYWHERE, RED BALLS EVERYWHERE, ENEMIES EVERYWHERE"
,Recommended,311690,29696038,Posted: 4 February,all,ice cream overlord,"After finally beating this game I decided to come back and edit my review. To sum it up, Enter the Gungeon is a very difficult bullet hell game. It will definitely take a long time to even get good at but it is worth it in the end. Defeating bosses is incredibly satisfying and the general humour of the game is fantastic."
76561198103432976,Recommended,311690,23150575,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,nyxd,"I was like ""Yo, this will be fun for an hour"" and it was.Then i came back and played it for 5.it's legit.UPDATE: Now at 50 hours.The beauty of this game is that it's always a little different. Even now i'm still only 2/3rds of the way of unlocking new items. There's a plethora of interesting characters, lots of secrets, mysteries :O, and the basic gameplay mechanic is simple enough to grasp, but engaging and tricky enough to keep you having interested. It's basically crack.UPDATE: Now at 72 hours.Still can't beat last boss. still haven't unlocked everything. still enjoy the crap out of it"
,Recommended,311690,29296199,Posted: 16 January,all,Faarko,i hate this game. i recommend
,Recommended,311690,29721590,Posted: 5 February,all,Liz,THIS GAME IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO AWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE............................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,311690,29647028,Posted: 2 February,all,★ ZeniX,"Simple and fun game,you play until you kill your past,and the thing i like the most is that when you die,it's game over,you start from the first chamber and i recommend this game"
,Recommended,311690,27544799,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scarabee,8-Bit Dungeon Crawling Action Movie: The GameI enjoyed it. I suck at it. But it's fun and I enjoyed it. Dr. Pepper.
,Recommended,311690,23079356,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Farking,"This is such an awesome game, its allot like binding of isaac just allot harder. It really does bring a new meaning to bullet hell.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9nVYjdaWBw"
,Recommended,311690,29685271,Posted: 3 February,all,「Ghost Waffles」,"This game provides so much content! I mean, there are so many guns, enemies, items, and more. Plus this game has a pretty good style of humor when it comes to guns, belive me. I had a good chuckle when I opened up a chest only to find a t-shirt cannon and super soaker. Not to mention, GUN JOKES! WOOOOOO!"
,Recommended,311690,27206379,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Graviti,"Guns. (Great game, must buy)"
,Recommended,311690,27057875,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wild rye pie,brilliant bullet hell shooter with a slow learning curve and great humor and references!also there are over 100 guns and several bosses as well as different gamemode like boss rush.10/10
,Recommended,311690,25919166,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Best Ass In The Game TBH,"A brutal rouge like dungeon crawler that shows no forgiveness to you, but at the same time kills you with cute bullet emenies making the deaths hard to rage at in my opinon.  Altough people might argure that it gets way too burtal and almost impossible to beat at times so they should making a easy mode, I have 4 words, this, Isn't, the, game. You're going to have to adapt to the game, the game doesn't adapt to you. Go play Dora's The Explora: The Adventure To Stop Swiper if you want your kind of games. This game refuses to hold your hand into the adventure, it lets your hand go and drives you to a forest, beats you up, and drives off without you.If you dont own the game and what I said is giving you second thoughts to buying this, dont. Its part of game, its just makes it more rewarding to defeat bosses, enemies, chambers, etc. This games is fun, challenging, lots of replayability and makes it feel reward going to the next chamber after those couple dozen deaths."
,Recommended,311690,33200619,Posted: 3 July,all,Tatsuya,You will die alot in this game
,Recommended,311690,33250900,Posted: 4 July,all,Flat,"I love Gungeon! Highly addicting gameplay, cute character designs, great art, awesome pop culture references, and tons of great and not-so great items and guns that can be found through the gungeon. It's basically The Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne mixed together with a dollop of guns. If you love rogue-like games such as Binding of Isaac or Nuclear Throne or then this game will be a great addition to your Steam library."
76561198349002181,Recommended,311690,33174753,Posted: 3 July,all,SecretTitan,"WARNING VERY DIFFICULT! This game is the for the weak, it is the hardest game i have ever played... but it is so much fun. i highly recommend it for those who like to sink alot of time into video games."
,Recommended,311690,33213727,Posted: 3 July,all,KILLERXIII,"This is one of the better rouge style shooters of our time and is fun to play, but playing with friend is a small bother."
,Recommended,311690,29939586,Posted: 15 February,all,Something Obscene,The best roguelike out there right now.
76561198286624348,Recommended,311690,29714057,Posted: 5 February,all,soldat555,Best Pixel Game Ever its like the binding of isacc but much beter
76561198093537078,Recommended,311690,29550365,Posted: 28 January,all,Locomotohobo,"Really Fun, Fast Pace, Top Down Shooter. Reminds me of old style arcade but, with a modern take. I highly recomend it for anyone who has an extra buck to spend."
,Recommended,311690,33275103,Posted: 5 July,all,JamesTheCoyote,gewd game
,Recommended,311690,22349825,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Yung Venuz,"Not very much like nuclear throne but it's still an alright bullet hell of it's own. The gameplay is endurance, the runs last hours long and lapse in concentration cost you over time."
,Recommended,311690,23737513,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Midnight_Menace,I love this game and ive only played for an hour. you can read other reviews for more details but the only thing i wish someone told me is that you cant keep your weapons only primary ones.
,Recommended,311690,23297385,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,klave,Perfect marriage of binding of Isaac and nuclear throne. with Its own stuff thrown in. Tons of replay value. I've killed the past of all the characters and im still going strong. The unlocks with keep you going and going and going...
,Recommended,311690,23278205,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,kronikman07,"Game is amazingly fun. If you like twin stick shooters, there is no doubt in my mind that you will LOVE this game. There is a lot of ""story"" at least things to progress in the game, you'll be playing for hours and you'll feel like you just started paying it. Best used on a controller tho in my opinion, since it gives you some auto aim to hit the enemies that are farther away and can watch yourself as you dodge their bullets. Pick this game up, trust me, you'll thank me."
,Recommended,311690,27493228,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grimnir Smith,"Guns within guns, and bullets shooting bullets. If it's not a gun, why is it here? What if a bullet shot itself? It does. Gun wizards? Oh yes. Uber Gun Dragon? Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu"
,Recommended,311690,23808938,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Poseidon,"Okay. Even though I am a lovecraftian-dark fantasy game lover, I was just not able to play binding of isaac. Watching was fun though. Nuclear throne? Same thing. Something just did not click. It was probably me. Those are fantastic games.Then I saw this one. I knew I had to put a ring on it. My playtime is 2.8 hours right now. I know I will play it more."
,Recommended,311690,30038286,Posted: 19 February,all,DangerouslyAutistic,I have holes and dents in the wall because of this game.10/10
,Recommended,311690,27490991,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Impressionist,"An AWESOME game! Recommended for anyone who wants to have a good time waster on their hands.  It's on the more challenging curve, but I find anyone can get good with enough practice, SO GO GET IT YOU GAMERS!"
76561198259742126,Recommended,311690,26667340,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,lol,This game is awesome! and im also bad! So yeah thats it.
,Recommended,311690,26689268,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ciricuse,is a must play game you have to try it
76561198084714154,Recommended,311690,26682967,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,UMLAUT,So much god damn fun. I have so much time in this game. Frustaiting at first but so satisfying.
,Recommended,311690,26684660,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Big Ounce,This game is very good but I mean it is a slow pase but if you have some one to play with it is super fun and I mean the game is pretty good and the jokes are every were
,Recommended,311690,27482378,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RadHazz,It has guns and puns. What more do you need?
,Recommended,311690,27488908,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Death by James Grime,It's just the best thing that ever happened to me.
76561198048220896,Recommended,311690,27493028,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Loddfafnir,Frustrating you in a good way :)
,Recommended,311690,29513227,Posted: 26 January,all,Suhny,played less then 1 hour and is already better then so many 60$ games that ive played. love guns mixed into a rogue like game but is still different every time i play it. 11/10 would die to first boss again every time.
,Recommended,311690,25831271,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DatUser ツ,"If you were looking for reason and sanity, you have come to the wrong Dungeon."
,Recommended,311690,28550755,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Snepsts | Team10 eSports,"Honestly one of my new favorite roguelikes!EDIT: After playing some more, I can tell the developer really loves this game. The amount of heart and detail that is put into it is insane. More than worth the money I spent. These are the best kind of games, and we don't see them everyday. Thank you so much for the game, Dodge Roll. You deserve every ounce of success this game gives you!"
,Recommended,311690,22257953,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,darrienjw,"A tight and difficult but fair action-focused roguelite with some damn funny gun-based puns. Worth every damn penny, even if you're not a fan of the genre."
76561198124712979,Recommended,311690,25371072,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,qang,yeah i guess this game is nice to play
,Recommended,311690,33845949,Posted: 27 July,all,Lokaror,"A fantastic rougelike with action shoot em up elements. I absolutely love this game, love to just get a few runs in while waiting to go to places/ hang out with people. Its fast paced, fast to pick up and fast to love. The learning curve is consistent thoruhgout and beating bosses really makes your feel accomplished. The music is great, the guns can sound kinda samey sometimes. Highly reccomend."
,Recommended,311690,29920811,Posted: 14 February,all,Pyysetä farmskins.com,We need online multiplayer!
76561198013317980,Recommended,311690,22804901,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,themastertrevor,"I’m very glad to be playing this game in my late twenties and not as a 10-16 year old.  This game is fun, fair, but INCREDIBLY unforgivingly hard.  If I was still a very young man I’d be flipping a sh!t over this game, breaking things and generally throwing a tantrum. I would’ve hated this game and completely misunderstood how/why it’s good. It’s interesting how things change as one gets older and gains “wisdom”.  I’m a relatively competent gamer (average or possibly slightly below average) but this game has been kicking my a55.  Similar to Dark Souls the difficulty comes from mastering the very tight mechanics. I’m not fighting bad controls, glitches, or bugs, this game is just really 'effing hard.  At the age I am now I’m really enjoying getting my a55 kicked and slowly “gitting gud”.  This game is so unforgiving. I highly recommend Enter the Gungeon if you like difficult (but fair), rogue-lite-like-like games. The mechanics are tight, the controls are fabulous, and the art style is fantastically cute and silly. This game is a must own/play. Snapping my keyboard in half out of 10.:heart:"
,Recommended,311690,23074458,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Gobs,The bullet hell from hell.
,Recommended,311690,29578232,Posted: 29 January,all,Drocadile the Spook Boy,Enter the Gungeon is a fun game that reminds me of games like Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne.+Fun gameplay+Fun puns+Fun guns+Fun bosses-I'm not good at reviews.
,Recommended,311690,33955890,Posted: 1 August,all,Flow like wahtah,"After about 250-300 hours, I have finally completed 51/51 achievements for this game, the final obviously being Daisuke's Challenge Run.Enter the Gungeon is a randomly-generated bullet hell rogue-like. Unlike most randomly generated games, Enter the Gungeon only randomly generates the MAP LAYOUT, not the ROOMS THEMSELVES. Each room is actually meticulously crafted and planned. There is a formula for each floor that the game must follow (1 shop, 2 chests, 0-2 secrets, a boss, an exit, and 1+ NPC/gun ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥). Beyond that, the game generates the layout, and contents of the shop, chests, and npcs. This makes every run feel fresh, and the game is not too long unless you take on both secret floors or get Clone.This game excels at keeping you on your toes. There's never a moment you can sit back and relax, unless you've already cleared the rooms. The ultimate challenges are beating Lich and Daisuke's Challenge Run. I think if you can beat the latter, you've certainly mastered this game. It's not for the faint of heart. This game will kick your @$$, over, and over, and over, and over, and over again. The fresh layouts, new powerups to unlock, and new quests and challenges will keep you coming back for more again and again.I would put this game in a top 30 list for best games of all time. It's definitely one of my favorite games of all time now. I recommend picking it up if you like rogue-type games or metroidvania type games, or you have played Nuclear Throne or Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,311690,32892645,Posted: 27 June,all,super ninfriendo,a very good game.sure do love those tables.
,Recommended,311690,22869744,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Feeliks,"I love the game and even have a series on my youtube channelPro's:2D (pixelated)Mechanics are very good4 Characters (all totaly difftent and with theyr own good and bad things)Really nice A.ISound is VERY goodRandom dungeon generatorNo DLC'sNo FPS problemsCon's:Perma Death (if a glitch killed you)Sometimes you don't earn enough ""money"" to buy anything and need to do the first boss with starting gunsExtra Notes:Would love to see updatesRating: 8.5/10Video: Found on my youtube channelMy sponsor:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ArchReviews/"
76561198059582025,Recommended,311690,32755485,Posted: 24 June,all,Bloempje,I'm a lead farmer motherf*cker!
,Recommended,311690,33313094,Posted: 6 July,all,??,One of the more difficult rogue-like games out there. I feel this is what Dark Souls would be if it was a sci-fi rogue-like with anthrophomorphised bullets.
76561198248058600,Recommended,311690,29532396,Posted: 27 January,all,mR.ugLy247,This game was amazing!!! The pixel art was fantabulicious and it's worth the money!
,Recommended,311690,29744552,Posted: 6 February,all,PureCrispyBacon,There's a bullet that fires guns.11.5/10
76561198001431092,Recommended,311690,29515610,Posted: 26 January,all,sRaven,"With the Supply Drop update this game is excellent, random chest drops on room completion make it more fun than before. Still hard but more fair. Not stuck with the starter gun for 2 floors anymore. I'm looking forward to spending much more time with it now :)"
76561198097847792,Recommended,311690,22787692,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nullshock78,"When I saw the first generic enemy in the tutorial, it made my day.I usually don't like roguelike games with very slow progression (I.E. Isaac), but there's absolutely nothing in the gungeon that makes me want to give up when I die. The immense amount of puns and guns let you know that this game is not pretending to be something else."
,Recommended,311690,29557257,Posted: 28 January,all,FreakinSatch,Difficult but with a great rogue-like flavor to it.
,Recommended,311690,22896486,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Tenhands Moneydick,"This game is excellent.Co-op mode is great, but single player is fun too.The shooting mechanics feel good, the weapons, items, and enemies are varied and thoughtful, and it's an easy game to jump into (a plus for me because I have a short attention span).The game's difficulty is right in the sweet spot for me - I die often, but I never feel cheated, I just feel like I didn't do as well as I could have.The fact that HP, weapons, and items are hard to come by is one of the great design choices. There are many fun weapons and items, and the game has a great sense of humor, too.Overall, it is a very polished and thoughtfully crafted game. If you watched the trailer and you think you'd be into this game, you're probably right."
76561198066006110,Recommended,311690,33615038,Posted: 17 July,all,Dircashede,"As far as roguelites go, none have captured my attention quite like this one. High on style and substance, there's just so much variety on offer while the game continually rewards your gradually improving performance with optional tasks & achievements that initially seem daunting, but go on to be very satisfying when you complete them. The bullet hell bosses are relentless but never unfair, so you can usually pinpoint your own error in judgement when you get hurt. Unlike in say, Isaac, the drops are generally well balanced so you only rarely have runs that are doomed from the beginning. Overall it's just a really addictive and satisfying experience."
,Recommended,311690,31852473,Posted: 19 May,all,Corvax__,Its really good.Gets repeditive after a while but its still fun.9/10
76561198324041232,Recommended,311690,33302592,Posted: 5 July,all,Shock,Cant get past 1st dungeon.10/10
76561198012599939,Recommended,311690,26778942,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Svenir,All around a fun game to spend hours on
76561198028089090,Recommended,311690,33815215,Posted: 26 July,all,Shamalamadingdong,Fun game.
76561198022311003,Recommended,311690,30087764,Posted: 21 February,all,ZappBrannigan,"Tough, fair, fast-paced and funny bullet hell."
,Recommended,311690,32781320,Posted: 25 June,all,thatpower,50+ hours of playing this game and i am still not tired of it! That's awesome!P.S Nerf Bullet King and Mine Flayer plz these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are much harder than Dragun omfdgfiudhsfshdfy-uwejfiowej
,Recommended,311690,29802468,Posted: 9 February,all,The White Wizard,"I highly recommend this game, I am now over 50 hours in and still thoroughly enjoying every aspect of the game.For me, this a game that leads its genre and should influence those to come. I cannot  find a fault with this game or the developers. The developers are active and always patching the game along with tons of new free content.This game has a lot of replayability, a huge arsenal of weapons as well as active items and passives. The game can be challenging at times due to it's collection of rooms and random loot/chests which for me is a huge positive.There are also plenty of secrets in game and 'side objectives' which add to the fun factor.Enter the Gungeon is worth well over it's price.Kudos to the developer."
76561198068194265,Recommended,311690,31898425,Posted: 22 May,all,Renaissance_Man,"Quite simply.......... Outstanding! tough, great mechanics and soooooo much variety. I don't even play games like this often if ever. Liked Hotline Miami and this developer seems to get it right! sound track is also superb! It keeps making you want to go back down there, even though it's futile haha."
,Recommended,311690,23774929,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,noteveneric NEW PC,"THE BASIC REVIEW:Enter the Gungeon provides incredibly challenging gameplay, yet a vast atmosphere for people looking to get into the dodge-roll type of the bullet hell genre. Gungeon definitely sets newer players apart from the veteran players, yet still manages to shut the veterans back down and cause them to try one more run. However, if you are not a fan of adapting to your situation, this might not be the game for you.OVERALL: 10/10. Worth every penny.NOW, THE IN-DEPTH STUFF:PROS:As stated above, Enter the Gungeon gives a good base starting point for players new to the dodge-roll genre of bullet hell shooters as well as a challenging one for veterans of even harder. The replayability in this game definitely hands most of the game to you on a silver platter; then proceeds to take the silver platter, and beat you to death with it.In Gungeon, you play as one of four Gungeoneers- the Marine, Convict, Hunter, and Pilot. (with a few extra hidden characters sprinkled in, shhh!) Your goal is to construct ""The Bullet to Kill the Past;"" every Gungeoneer came to the gungeon with a messed up backstory, and they want to go back in time to stop whatever may have caused that tragic incident to occur. Through your adventures in the Gungeon, you'll fight hordes of adequately equipped enemies with some of the worst puns you'll ever hear, such as ""Shelleton;"" and enemies aren't the only thing with puns in them. The guns and equipment in the Gungeon have very cleverly placed references and jokes weaved into them- my personal favorite being the ""Vertebrae-K 47,"" an assault rifle made out of a dinosaur skeleton.While the items have to be the defining point of Enter the Gungeon, theyreally do not define a winning run.You can have a gun that shoots bouncing chainsaws that set everything on fire, but you're still going to have to focus on not getting hit yourself. On top of all that, the enemies in the Gungeon are unrelenting- the times I personally get hit the most are when I get overwhelmed by a crowd of tougher enemies and I can't focus on where I should properly roll.The bosses in Enter the Gungeon are very well thought-out and coded to perfection. While some of the bosses may feel cheap in some senses, because, ""oh, come on! I totally rolled through that."" or, ""that's an attack?!"" they definitely have a lot of consistency in their difficulty. After a few hours of getting constantly stopped at the end of Gungeon Proper by the ""Ammoconda,"" a bullet-themed snake, you find yourself getting used to the patterns of its attacks and adjust to properly dodge them, and before you know it, you're on the next floor.If you've got a pal who doesn't live too far away, or a sibling who just loves suffer, Enter the Gungeon comes custom with a well-coded version of co-op; however, for those of you thinking, ""oh, well it must be easier with co-op!"" I can confirm it's quite the opposite. All of the enemies have fairly larger health pools, and it's definitely more of a challenge in co-op. Despite the challenge, some of my best moments in gaming have been laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off when one of my friends gets blasted into oblivion by some random Bullet Kin he claims to have never seen, despite knowing well that he saw it.CONS:Ah, finally, I found a place where this game lacks something. It lacks a lot of cons.Gungeon is not a game for the players who can't stand to adapt to their environment. The only way to really improve in this game is to learn more attack patterns and practice over and over again. Plus, for the people relying on items, as I mentioned above, they usually don't decide how the run goes. Yes, they strongly sway it one way or another, but I've had runs where I've made it through Chamber 4 with only the base starting gun and a flare gun, and also had runs with a max fire rate Shotgun Full of Love and died due to a few unfortunate missteps.The co-op is enjoyable, for sure, but sometimes the camera can get a little strange. It works in most places, yes, but sometimes if your bro is too far down the screen and you are fighting a Shotgun Kin at close range, sometimes you'll get hit and it'll feel very cheap due to something you feel like you couldn't have really done anything different about.This counts as a pro and a con, but some guns are completely silly. Sometimes it's hard to take certain very serious events (such as the Convict's past) seriously when you're shooting a gun that says ""B U L L E T"" every time you fire it. If you don't plan on taking the game incredibly seriously, it's alright- we all do.Another pro/con, but the runs in this game take a fair bit of time. Not a whole lot in the grand scheme of roguelikes of this genre, but most runs take 20-90 minutes depending on how well you do. It's challenging to pick up between work shifts, or between classes; but trust me, we all find ways to do so. ;)THE SUMMARY:Gungeon has slowly grown on me and overtime has become one of my favorite games. Many long nights filled with ""ah, just one more run!"" as another 45 minutes of my life cascade into dying to that same damn boss in Chamber 4. With adaptation, however, comes improvement, and with improvement, comes success. Overall, for a game that only totals up to a not very steep 15$, even those like I who refuse to pay anywhere over 20$ for a game will find themselves enjoying this even though it may be outside of our comfort zone. Enter the Gungeon is all about adapting and going out of your comfort zone- leading this game up to a steady 10/10 for me."
76561198110016550,Recommended,311690,30731742,Posted: 25 March,all,~Crooked Cultist~,"Very gorgeous effects, addictive gameplay, very cute with jokes, stuffed full of GUNS, and npc interaction. The story for each gungeonneer is very puzzling, and the whole idea of the gungeon is great! Buy it if you are interested in a fast paced, chuckly time."
76561198280390289,Recommended,311690,33204579,Posted: 3 July,all,Erentschler,Lots o' Gun Lots o' Fun
,Recommended,311690,32894278,Posted: 27 June,all,CaptTrust,9
,Recommended,311690,34048527,Posted: 5 August,all,Cosmic Orange Juice,SHOOT SHOOT POW POW VERY HARD HIGH SCORE LVL 4 BOSS BEAT THAT IN 36 HOURS
76561197995815191,Recommended,311690,29709713,Posted: 4 February,all,scrounge mcduck,excellent little dungeon shooter hard as nails but great fun
,Recommended,311690,29712552,Posted: 4 February,all,Sir Chünken,"This game will need all of your luck, skill and rolling power.And if you don't have that... ENJOY FLOOR 2, MY DUDE!"
,Recommended,311690,34848749,Posted: 9 September,all,chusenthecate,"Great game. Hard, sometimes even unfairly hard, but its weapons, its lore, makes the game just wonderful. Bought it in my alt steam account and in my PS4, won it twice with 100% achievements, and bought it again just to support the developers, because I think they surely do deserve my money. Too cheap for so much fun."
,Recommended,311690,31979490,Posted: 26 May,all,The Final Boss,"Like Binding of Isaac, exept based more around skill rather than luck.For the 6 of you who don't know Binding of Isaac:Enter the Gungeon is a top-down rougelike G/Dungeon crawler. You go trough each floor clearing rooms of enemies, with items (guns, active items, or passive ones) to be aquired from chests or stores. A challenging boss fight awaits you at the end of every floor.The gameplay is positively chaotic, especially in later floors when the difficulty ramps up, and you can find yourself paying attention to your character trying to dodge bullets and frantically shooting in the general direction of the enemies. Yet, you'll also get to make clever use of the enviroment or weapons to clear the room with minimal risk to yourself. It's a fun and challenging game, and 14 hours in, I still only got to the 4th of 5 floorsThe game is expertly designed and polished. The tutorial only teaches you the bare essentials, and the rest is left for you to figure out on your own, and there are plenty of tricks and secrets to discover, which I say is the mark of any great game (provided you're not a pleb who looks everything up)While I can't be sure, I think the game's RNG is pretty smart in the sense that on multiple runs it gave me weapons and items that complement eachother.There are new things to unlock on each run. NPCs can be met in the Gungeon, and beating bosses gives you currency to buy more items from the Breach (Hub), which will then appear on subsequent runs in the Gungeon, so even tho you'll be dying a lot, you're still progressing and achieving something.And of course, the theme of guns is everywhere and it's stupid as all hell, and I mean that in the best way. The game has  a personality, and it sticks to it, giving it a charm that eludes a lot of games. Gun puns are in every other sentence. It somehow has an interesting lore to learn, and even incorporates it to explain why you can die and come back over and over again. The overall feel of the game is amazing.Bought it for 50% off, but it's well worth the full price."
,Recommended,311690,32821190,Posted: 26 June,all,alexduke94,"I really like this game, ton of fun. The only complaint I have is that it is local only co-op. Make online multiplayer!!"
76561198247569794,Recommended,311690,32825499,Posted: 26 June,all,The Crimtane Alpha,"ETG is a great game. With the combination of nonstop action and clever puns, this game is awesome. It takes a while to get good at it, and, even now, I can only get past the 2nd floor. ETG is a real challenge, but an addicting one none the less. 10/10"
76561198027838129,Recommended,311690,31980391,Posted: 26 May,all,DuaneDevil,"best game i bought this year,if you are born around the 90s and know retro games as i do, this is it.shooting dodging cool bosses, nice dungeon effect, and great adventure.try to find the secret areas just like in the old days"
,Recommended,311690,31970063,Posted: 26 May,all,Pata,"A really great developed game that I, sadly, haven't enjoyed that much yet.I love the art style and the huge variety of weapons, enemies and so on.A truely great game with a great team that keeps on pushing out updates and fixes, I love it!"
,Recommended,311690,32816382,Posted: 26 June,all,XDRosenheim,"This is my favourite bullet-hell / Dungeon-crawler.Enter a world of guns and bullets.Enter, The Gungeon!"
,Recommended,311690,31971228,Posted: 26 May,all,MrCombatGiraffe,quite a fun little game i picked up for like $7. definitely worth it. harder than binding of isaac though.
76561198015641513,Recommended,311690,32799400,Posted: 25 June,all,Ryder,Masterpiece...
76561198106094911,Recommended,311690,34877011,Posted: 10 September,all,Roh@m,Fast paced action rougelike shooter that will keep you busy for a fair amount of time considering the amount of money you are paying for it.I have spent 50hrs on this till now and still find new staf when play it againtotally recommend it for those who like to challenge themselfs ( small tip: the game will be alot more fun if you mix it with some great music :) )
,Recommended,311690,31922356,Posted: 23 May,all,Synyster,"I know when i write this review I only have about 5 hours into the game but MAN i think this is the best rougelike I've ever played, IMO i think it's better than Binding of Isaac, not to say that game isn't good but anyways. The games conrtols are great, balanced difficulty, free updates, ♥♥♥♥♥on of guns and plenty of hours of gameplay. For me ths is one of those games i keep coming back to just while i listen to a podcast or people talking. I would definately 100% recommend this game. The only negative is that i think it should 10 or 12 bucks but hey it's still  a very good game. Soundtrack is also amazing as well. i give it a 9/10, definately worth a buy."
76561198169453200,Recommended,311690,29842928,Posted: 11 February,all,Game_Rage,"This game is a MUST, not only for the amazing gameplay but the vast varity of weapons and powerups, everytime you start a new game it's just a completely new exprience which is GREAT for replay value"
76561198057869829,Recommended,311690,22759704,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,SmartMario1,This is a really fun rouge-like! I think that this game is amazing because i like pixel-art and rouge-likes.Pros- Great pixel graphics.- Awesome gameplay.- Superb music.Cons- Get's a little repetitive after a little while.- There's no real goal that is explained to you.
76561198081956891,Recommended,311690,22834990,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,juicebox,"A awesome mix between The Binding Of Isaac and Nuclear Throne,Has a really beautiful artstyle and there are plenty of different items/guns to collect.9/10 IGN."
,Recommended,311690,22947971,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Behn,"Loving it!  Not close to beating it, but I am also not anywhere closed to tired of it.   Great gameplay.  Love the cartoony graphics.  Highly entertaining.  Very challenging, but not in a way that makes it inaccessible to casual gamers.To the folks who developed and play tested this game.  You have created something magnificent.   A job well done!"
,Recommended,311690,22954336,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Harmless Hawk,"I never was a fan of Binding of Issac, and I never played Nuclear Throne. These are two games that you constantly keep hearing people say are like this game.So, how does this game stack up if you've never played either of those? The answer to that is, quite well.By itself, without comparing it to Binding of Issac or Nuclear Throne, Enter the Gungeon (EtG from here onwards) is a randomly-generated dungeon, each with different room locations, and types. The game takes things from both rogue-likes (such as the loss of all your items when you die, and the random maps, items drops, and bosses), and also mechanics from bullet hells (the general act of having to 'dodge' bullets, along with the sheer number of bullets on screen). Both game elements are used well, and come together to create a game that has both a lot of replayability, but also manages to be more difficult than you'd imagine.If you're a bullet hell fan, or a rogulike fan (or both), it would be highly suggested that you check this game out, even if you haven't played Binding of Issac or Nuclear Throne."
76561198298301323,Recommended,311690,22965333,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,HunterTheGod,"Loads of fun! Takes some time to get good at it, but once you do it can be a great time sink."
76561198100907924,Recommended,311690,22966621,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Finisheddog12,"Enter the Gungeon is one of my favorite rogue-like games now. Love the mechanics and storyline. I sort of wish I could play with friends online, but I understand why its only co-op. Anyways, great job Dodge Roll! :)"
,Recommended,311690,23475178,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Aerialslayer,"Enter the Gungeon is fantastic! If you are a fan of dungeon games like Binding of Isaac then this is the game for you. In fact I like this MORE than Isaac. Enter the Gungeon offers a wide variety of gameplay. From the tons of different guns, to unlockables this game has it all and will keep you going and going for many hours. Highly recommended and worth every cent."
76561198078401053,Recommended,311690,27084224,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KingWrex,"Enter the Gungeon is by far my favorite game of 2016. If you are a fan of dungeon crawls, roguelites, shmups, or bullet hell games, this game is a must buy.I am very excited for the content cannon update.Great job!"
,Recommended,311690,23037628,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Shayu,"Enter The Gungeon is a really fun, fast pace and extremely hard game and I could definetly see me putting hundreds of hours. The items are really unique and the enemys challenging (and cute). The game definetly has some unfair parts (like enemys cornering you) but overall it's still really fun."
,Recommended,311690,31993819,Posted: 27 May,all,1v1 me in Roblox,This game's pretty awesome
76561198375857270,Recommended,311690,35149259,Posted: 23 September,all,cf.richards,The game is good though it is hard. Not for people that hate hard games.
,Recommended,311690,35221652,Posted: 26 September,all,andrehena,sometimes this game is pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tsometimes this game is only 99% ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥thighly recommended!
76561198097879609,Recommended,311690,35076676,Posted: 19 September,all,Corvax,"This game is both rage inducing but super fun at the same time, which is the weirdest mix ever."
76561198260842675,Recommended,311690,34875009,Posted: 10 September,all,thespairtain,I suck at the game but it's fun as hell
76561197961986485,Recommended,311690,22526915,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Chunderfield,i HATE THIS GAME IT ♥♥♥♥ING DRIVES MY BLOOD PRESSURE UP I CANT EVEN YOU GUYS EERLFKSDOLFOPKSDDF
,Recommended,311690,35116150,Posted: 21 September,all,Thats Classified,"if u go 30 hours and cant beat the games still, but it still gives you that push to play again, its a good game."
,Recommended,311690,22524493,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Spencer,"Some people say this game is really hard. And it is. Sometimes I don't make it past the first floor. But I've really enjoyed it anyway. Though there are times that the screen is covered in bullets, almost every time I take damage, I see how I could have avoided it.Basically there are games that you enjoy for the power fantasy, becoming a super powerful mage/warrior who can take apart armies or whatever. And then there are games that are frustratingly challenging, where you enjoy watching yourself become better at the game rather than your character get stronger. If you, like me, are a fan of the latter, then you'll probably enjoy Gungeon."
76561198128915496,Recommended,311690,22526965,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,InvaderToden,"AHHHHHH AAAH UGH ERRRRGH NEED MORE AMMO! ""JOYGASM"""
,Recommended,311690,22326270,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,xSpaceSheep,"This Game is so ♥♥♥♥ing hard but every time I close it, I crave for more.Reasons to buy this game:-Awesome Guns-Super tight controls-You shoot bullets at bullets wich shoot bullets at you-FLIP ALL THE TABLES-Awesome art10/10 would ragequit and flip my table again"
,Recommended,311690,35057424,Posted: 18 September,all,grishcunt,"♥♥♥♥ing fun as ♥♥♥♥. Got it before I ♥♥♥♥ed off to travel in some far away country with horrible internet and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ notebook that can barely run any videogame.One run can take well over an hour, if you get far enough. There is a ♥♥♥♥ton of hidden content which makes it extremely replayable. I am over 100 hours in, I wouldn't consider myself too♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game and I still haven't managed to finish it completely.You can't allow yourself to be careless at any time, in contrast to The Binding of Isaac, which I love as well. I would say it is a more hardcore version of said game.It definitely is worth its money, so don't hesitate to get it if you love rogue-like games and have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer (is more fun on a good one though, since it looks prettier)."
76561198060313601,Recommended,311690,22996311,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,cytariel,"Great game.Its awsome mix of shooting and looting, every roguelike fan should try it. Local co-op is supriselingly good, and it comes from someone who's playing as cultist most of the time. Game is really challenging tho, be prepared for hundreds of runs before youll be able to kill Da Main Boss."
,Recommended,311690,35175765,Posted: 24 September,all,☭BetelgeuseBear☭,"It's a good rogue-lite game, I personally think it's difficulty curve goes a bit too high at some points, like a few rooms I can think of that almost guaruntee damage, but other than that, you should buy the Collectors Edition of the game, since the soundtrack has some good tracks"
,Recommended,311690,35234472,Posted: 26 September,all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,"This game is a masterpiece, you can really tell they've put a lot of love into it. Among my all-time favorites.-Great gameplay-Challenging, but not frustrating-Multiple, large, free updates-Humor throughout-Good art!It's only downside is the difficulty, you will need practice to make it all the way."
76561197980184774,Recommended,311690,35134772,Posted: 22 September,all,Scythe,Do you want to shoot guns that shoot bullets from your bullet to kill bullets that shoot bullets from their guns? Then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,311690,33013776,Posted: 29 June,all,HODOR,Enter the Fungeon.
,Recommended,311690,35371820,Posted: 1 October,all,Krysalis,"Alright, so I think I've spent enough time on this game to make a review so here we go.Pros:-A hefty amount of guns and items that can heavily change your run.-Lots of things you can unlock/discover that can either benefit you or challenge you.-Has a good balance between skill and RNG.-Lots of interesting enemies, bosses, and characters. (Here's a big ♥♥♥♥ you to Gatling Gull and Lead Maidens.)-The lore/story is great-Nice artstyle-This game runs pretty great on medium settings on my potato battery powered toaster.-Gun puns. Lots and lots of gun puns.Thing/s That Don't Fit Into Pros or Cons:-The RNG in this can sometimes ♥♥♥♥ you over. In one run, you can get a black chest on the first floor and a Stuffed Star as soon as you meet Cursula, and in one run you are stuck with a Peashooter, numerous mimics, and no ammo drops. Which might be good to people who like being challenged with bad drops.Cons:-Sometimes, you have to choose whether you buy this or that, or waste a key or two on that, which can slow the pace of the game down.-The music isn't that great. It's one of those things where you're like: ""Oh, cool."" And just never notice it's existence ever again.Overall, I'd say 8/10. It's a great game, the pros outwiegh the cons. But take this review with a grain of salt as I've only clocked in 24 hours as I'm writing this review, and with the Advanced G&D Update coming soon, my opinion on this game might change."
,Recommended,311690,26103305,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Echo With Blind,"A great game to play alone, a fun game to play with friends.Merges an unusual world of guns and bullets making the roguelike genre diversified, a funny game in which I highly recommend it, for players who seek some challenge and those who just want to have fun!"
,Recommended,311690,29137053,Posted: 9 January,all,sampoline,"This is one of the better roguelike games I've played in recent years. If you're looking for something roughly as difficult as Nuclear Throne, but FAR less forgiving (recouperating your lost health is a lot less common in EtG), then Enter The Gungeon is for you. It's a little lighter on the rogue, and a little heavier on the bullet hell. It has a lot of humour and personality and is overall a really polished product. It's also got pretty fun boss battles and quite a bit of enemy variation once you get past the first level. Overall, if you're a bit burnt out by Nuclear Throne/other similar games then this is a great addition to your library."
,Recommended,311690,29149644,Posted: 9 January,all,Bearo,"I see alot of neagetive reviews surrounding the rng of bad weapons. While its annoying to get unlucky it doesnt mean the games not worth it.Not to mention alot of ""gag"" weapons can be used in different ways besides base damage. For example the t-shirt cannon and the super soaker are great to pull out in rooms with pit falls because of their large nock back. The game is also very difficult but I remember finding the binding of issac practically impossible the first few runs not just because of the lack of knowlage but the lack of skill. Both games you can get unlucky but still win in.And the more your progress and unlock the better chance you have at finding better weapons.Really overall my favorite game so far in the ""rouge-like dungeon crawler"" genre"
76561198116814883,Recommended,311690,29148400,Posted: 9 January,all,BLAHBLAHwoohoo,"AMAZING! SUPURB! VERY GOOD! Gungeon has incredibly addicting gameplay, hilarious design and writing, mega lovable characters, and INCREDIBLY addicting gameplay. It is laugh out loud funny and perfectly balanced. FULL of secrets!"
,Recommended,311690,35078429,Posted: 19 September,all,Senpai Kuso,"It's like a dungeon, but with guns...and you enter it."
,Recommended,311690,35455323,Posted: 3 October,all,TimeForTaco,Seriously one of the most fun rogue-likes I've ever played! They keep releasing tons of free content too. These devs are great!
,Recommended,311690,35465050,Posted: 4 October,all,Hermes,"Enter the GungeonA rogue-like, bullet hell dungeon crawler about four Gungeoneers that escape to an asteroid known for its legends.The central story is that people from various parts of the galaxy travel to the legendary space rock that holds a labyrinth known asthe Gungeon, which holds a powerful treasure known as the Gun That Can Kill The Past. With the choice between four gungeoneers: The Marine, The Pilot, The Convict, and The Hunter; the player's objective is to survive the dangerous five chambers that comprise of the Gungeon, slaughtering the creatures that live within the elaborate structures beneath.ReviewThe GoodEnter the Gungeon has a very pretty pixel art style and a 2.5-dimensional appearance. The guns and items in the game provide decent challenges and benefits for the player each time they are unlocked. Within the game are secret chambers and unlockable characters, NPCs that, upon their rescue, unlock new elements that extend gameplay with the Gungeon, final boss fights that put serious pressure on the players, and interesting backstories. The music by doseone also compliments much of the game well.The BadDespite the tutorial that teaches the basic controls, new players may still find themselves struggling a few times before they are able to adjust to the gameplay; whether or not it could be ten times in Gungeon 3 or fourty-two times in Gungeon 1 depends on how they see themselves develop. The bosses are amazing and diversive in terms of difficulty and methods of combat; they can, however, pose a serious threat in progression if the player is unable to become familiar with their attack patterns (i.e. the Kill Pillars). Gameplay can also be hinded assuming the player does not utilize certain items or weapons that are gifted to them or emptied.Concluding CommentsEven while the Supply Drop update has added several new items, enemies, weapons, and a boss for Gungeon 3, Enter the Gungeon is awesome and has proven itself to be an exciting experience for those interested or in need of something new in their gaming.--Hermix."
,Recommended,311690,22878699,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,The Stinja,"This game is fun. It's really hard though but, really, what do you expect from a bullet hell? There's not a very big sense of progression, mostly because of the fact that if you die then you start again from the first camber with the default gun, but defeating a boss is so satisfying. The amount of guns in the game is just... GBHJRTHGJHFHJGHRJTHEREARESOMANYGUNS! At the time of writing this review I'm about 9 hours in and I'm nowhere near unlocking every gun. It's great. Totally worth the $15."
,Recommended,311690,30400066,Posted: 8 March,all,A Garbage Fire,Good but needs online co-op
76561198102364271,Recommended,311690,26142278,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Hack man 76,This game was very entertaining for me and the gameplay didnt get old. I have over 40 hours on this game and owned it since a couple days ago. This product is very addicting for me and I wouldnt like to see some DLC get released for it.
76561198219322369,Recommended,311690,28864501,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kidchameleon CSGOgem.com,"great game, ive played it for an hour and I cant pass the first level which kills me inside and only two games can make me fell that: cs:go and this one 10/10"
76561198100632345,Recommended,311690,22884500,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ping for 24 robot face hugs,"Awesome top-down shooter. Hard to master, but you'll get there. Also came with the best meme of the 21st centu-B U L L E T"
,Recommended,311690,24178096,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Lorentzeus,"It's one of those adictive as ♥♥♥♥ games, so far I'm liking it so much, I just want more and more of the game. I don't regret buying it... YOU HEARD ME RIGHT, HUGHIE, IT WAS WORTH THE MONEY EVEN AT ALMOST FULL PRICE.I would totally recomend this game."
76561198138149505,Recommended,311690,24064123,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,rklover13,"I played BOI Afterbirth after watching Northernlion play 1000+ episodes before I decided to buy it. I was on episode 3 before I wanted this game. It is challenging, yes, and I may never beat it. But, it's adorable, the sounds are satisfying. I love the particle effects, the way the characters move. Of course I want more backstory, but I always do. But I think, if you enjoyed BOI, you will probably like this."
,Recommended,311690,30717498,Posted: 24 March,all,skippy®️ creamy peanut butter,"First, you must spread a thick layer of peanut butter onto the white part of a slice of bread. You can only spread the peanut butter on the white part, and the white part only. You may only spread peanut butter on one side. Spreading peanut butter on both sides will provide an inferior sandwich. Next, you must spread a thick layer of jelly onto the white part of a slice of bread. You can only spread the jelly on the white part, and the white part only. You may only spread jelly on one side. Spreading jelly on both sides will provide an inferior sandwich. You cannot spread jelly onto the same slice of bread onto which you have spread peanut butter. Also, you cannot spread peanut butter or jelly onto more than one slice of bread, as this will provide an undesired excess of either ingredient. Additionally, only peanut butter and jelly can be spread onto these slices of bread; no other ingredient will suffice, and no substitute can be used in a sandwich that is to be legitimately recognized as a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Likewise, only bread may be the substance upon which the peanut butter and jelly are spread, as anything else does not fit the standards of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich; if the peanut butter and jelly are spread onto a culinary medium that isn’t bread, the meal at hand simply is not a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Once you have accomplished spreading a thin layer of peanut butter onto the white of one side of one slice of bread, and likewise has been accomplished using grape jelly on a separate slice of bread, you must match the slices of bread up to each other, forming a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. In this scenario, the peanut butter-covered face of bread must be facing the jelly-covered face of the second slice of bread so that the peanut butter surface touched the surface of the jelly. The surface of the peanut butter is not allowed to touch a jelly-less substance of bread, resulting in the jelly facing outwards, and likewise applies to the jelly. If a substance is found facing on the outside of the sandwich, the product will not be accepted as a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. The side with peanut butter and the side with jelly on it must match up and stick together to form one solid sandwich. When the eater picks up the sandwich, he or she must hold both pieces of bread at the same time, or else one slice will fall off, and eating only one slice of bread will not be recognized as the same or even similar to eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Next, you must take a bite of the sandwich. This action will consist of moving the sandwich within such a close proximity of your face that a small “bite” of the sandwich will enter your mouth for you to mash up with your teeth. This bite must be a bite that includes both slices of bread, peanut butter and jelly. Make sure that all obstructions are clear from the mouth and esophagus, not including peanut butter, jelly or bread or any combination of said ingredients. If you have followed all previous steps, this goal will be easily accomplished. Not doing so will create an incorrect and inferior dining experience and thus will not be a peanut and butter sandwich that is being eaten. However, if one successfully gets both peanut butter and jelly in one bite that fits in the mouth and does not result in choking, the dining experience is thus far acceptable. For your complete experience with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich to be considered complete and unobjectionable, you must perform the previously mentioned series of taking bites of the sandwich, chewing them, and swallowing them repeatedly until the entire sandwich has been removed visible existence. These circumstances may only be reached by eating the entire sandwich, and no parts of the sandwich may be thrown away or given to somebody else. This is your sandwich, and your responsibility. For the Dining experience to be completed, the sandwich must be completely digested. In the context of completing the process of consuming a legitimate peanut butter and jelly sandwich, there are no extenuating circumstances. Actions such as vomiting, surgical removal of the sandwich from the body, or placement of the sandwich inside the lungs opposed to the esophagus will not be taken into account, as they do not result in the complete digestion of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. The process must come to a close via rectal excrement of feces that have been provided by the digestion of the peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Once the peanut butter and jelly sandwich-fueled feces have exited the ♥♥♥♥♥♥, they must remain free from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to be considered conclusive in the process of physically processing a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. If the feces re-enters the ♥♥♥♥♥♥, the process will be rendered a failure, and must be started again."
76561197966570381,Recommended,311690,32719620,Posted: 24 June,all,PH3NOmenon,"Excellent bullethell roguelike.I intensely disliked how ""make or break"" the game is, but that didn't keep me from playing it for hours on end. For my money,Binding of Isaac: Afterbirthhas more depth and is more rewarding, but this one is definitely worth sinking your teeth in.A run's success depends wholly on what items you get on the first floors and on whether or not you manage to flawlessly kill the first few bosses, to get extra weapons. But for all that, the game does reward skillful play."
,Recommended,311690,32286314,Posted: 9 June,all,AwesomeNick,My 2016 game of the year!
,Recommended,311690,22695817,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Partypants_,This game is the best game in my library right now. I can't stop playing it
,Recommended,311690,30016605,Posted: 18 February,all,Tesla,"-Gameplay makes you feel like a badass-Humor on point-Cute faces o  -  o-Escapes the pitfalls of most rogue-likes; replaying is actually funand most importantly:-The sound, gameplay, and visuals are VERY polished.10/10 rogue-like, would buy again"
,Recommended,311690,29900308,Posted: 13 February,all,Fingers,"I've been playing for about 8 hours so far and still cannot get past the second chamber. As incredibly frustrating as that is, I've still enjoyed every minute of it!Don't buy this expecting a quick, casual, experience. You will die, a lot. It will be very frustrating. But as you see yourself get better and progress further it will be incredibly rewarding!"
,Recommended,311690,22352064,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,decsperry,"i've edited my review completely now that i have more hours in the game.the game is not for all audiences because of its extreme persistence and perserverance it demands from the playeryou either like it or you don't, and i love it because of the pixel art style, original take on rogue lites, the gun theme that it sticks to for most of the game, and the unique styles of guns with many references to other media.The biggest problem i see that people have is that it feels like a chore. the game is definately not a binge game, and like most things good, it's better taken in small doses. the difficulty and pacing really depicts the lifetime of the game so just keep going on and off with it and persist until one day, when you try that single run, you do amazing."
76561198284842522,Recommended,311690,28149118,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,The_Overlord,Dear Creator of Enter the Gungeon:I would like to ask you if in one of the updates to your game would add online multi player because it would attract more poeple to the game because of the opertunies it could add to the game.-The_Overlord
76561198067843732,Recommended,311690,22310421,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Baron Fuji,"Enter the GungeonWARNING: Review contains punsGood-Large variety and quality of guns and items- Decent variety of enemies- Challenging yet beatable bossfights- Random rooms that trigger events are spread throughout the game- The overall combat system flows well- The unlockables system is done via continous progress- Replayability isEXTREMELYhigh- Different characters allow for different ways to start off your progress- You can change your character's playstyle depending on the guns/items you find- Unlockable characters are availableBad- RNG can be cruel- Soundtrack may get repetitive- People who don't like dying won't like this game-RNG shall crush your hopes and dreamsSubjective- RNG as a gameplay mechanic- Requires a lot of skill: It will impede progress on people who are not good at this type of gameOverviewEnter the Gungeon is a great title in thebullethellof other rogue-lites on the market. It gets the core-mechanics of what you expect to be in a rogue-lite down. Gameplay has consistency yet also has enoughexplosivelayouts to shake things up. You WILL die, yet half of the time it feels like you deserved to from a lack of skill. The guns are the highlight here as the game will play on this theme to the fullest.Final VerdictFor lovers of rogue-lite games and people who may want to be introduced into the genre, I can recommend this well crafted game. You may need toshellout some of your time and money, but overall I believe that you shouldpull the triggeron that purchase... Enter the Gungeon is a game worth giving ashot"
,Recommended,311690,23566163,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Winstontaneous,"I don't buy games at full price, as a rule, which explains some of my more questionable purchases (I'm looking at you, Temper Tantrum)I purchased the game at full price, with no buyer's remorse. I heard about it from some of my favorite LPers on youtube, and let me just say that their level of skill at the game caused me to initially underestimate how difficult I'd find it to get playing. This game is tough.How tough? Well in nearly 70 hours, I've had one trip all the way down to level 5. So with that kind of progress, it may well take me 100 hours to get to AN ending.I enjoy Roguelites, but I also enjoy games that are made to be beaten. ""Get Gud,"" the chanting starts in the distance. It's about praying to RNGesus that you'll get anything other than two brown chests, 20 gold, and a 65 price tag on that thing in the store, on your run through the first (Every?) floor.Meet your Dungeoneers:The Marine: He's the best class period. Why? Because he can take 7 hits instead of 6, so that makes him manly. Plus he's the fastest reloader and straightest shooter.The Pilot: Gets discounts at the store and tries to lockpick chests. Tries to. Use this to be a ""cheapskate"" player.The Convict: The berzerker character? Nobody in this game can take a hit, health is spread so thin, but they have a few steroids and not much else going for them. (Synergy? Good luck finding those items.)The Hunter: Vayne. Also your Corgi support, who occasionally digs up survival supplies, which is cool.Pros:Cool aesthetic style, player/enemydesigns (Lighting effects, etc. - modern)Gotta talk about the guns! Dozens of recognizable or creative ways to blast away the gundead enemies.Gun-related puns.Challenge is there for those looking for itRandomized dungeons, funstrating gameplay.A good wiki has been put together where you can get help with the gameCouch co-op!Cons:Since the style is not limited to being fully retro, one of my biggest problems with the game is how much space it needs (1GB!!!) this also adds loading times, and the load screen is just an animation, no tips to survive or anything.The settings tell you to do certain things because ""The designers say it looks best this way."" Literally that's the options menu with a message from the developers asking you to conform to that setting, because the game is not trying to fit into a retro mold, and so it's a little loose around the seams.Playing on the developers' setting, I have a black box all around my game, the game screen is about 25-30% smaller than my (17"") laptop screen. Although I was able to stretch it onto fullscreen mode, I also messed up all the lighting and shadowy effects in the process. The game is more uniformly lit, but now somewhat garish.No online functions. (Multiplayer, speedrunner leaderboards, etc.)The gameplay is like a war of attrition. In other words, you are running a marathon, not a sprint here. You can take 6(or7) hits, but extra hearts and containers are rare, and making it to the next health item is a roll of the dice.Final verdict:7.8/10 - The highly polished ""new game"" stuff ends up being a drag on cool pixel art with good animation, but still a fun game, that probably does even better on higher-end pc's."
,Recommended,311690,22641278,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ivana Mishkov,"This might be one of the contenders for 2016's Indie Game of the Year. Truly an amazing, hard as balls game that goes alongside Nuclear Throne and Binding of Isaac in terms of unique gameplay, replayability, and a difficulty that takes a while to master.Highly recommend getting it, even if it's not on sale."
76561198035801412,Recommended,311690,22732677,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ZeroΩmega,"Laugh,shoot,remember !Nostalgic gun dungeon rummager kept me laughing and admiring the priceless descriptions of items/guns. A super fun, replayable, pretty pixel gem done right. Thank you."
,Recommended,311690,26596541,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DanDi,"So Enter The Gungeon is a rogue-like twinstick shooter.  If you like puns and references, you're in the right place.  If you like good gameplay and a decent soundtrack, you're in the right place.  If you like hours on hours on hours of content?  You're in the right place.Ain't perfect though.  Kinda generic."
,Recommended,311690,22658329,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,[TAW] Xweetus,"Pew pew pew pew flip roll pew pew pew die -> most of my runs.Game is great, if You want to play for 20 minutes (or longer) and no so random as Izaack.Pros:+ easy to star, hard to master+ guns, guns, guns+ music+ esthetics+ guns guns gunsCons:- too few chacters to choose- sometimes You will get no gun at 1 Chamber and boss will♥♥♥♥♥♥you- LACK OF online CO-OP"
,Recommended,311690,22909551,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,J. Wolf,"I had the pleasure of meeting the minds behind this game at PAX South 2016, sharing a cigarette with one of their marketing people who told me about the game.He didn't grab my attention with the details about the game, until the -last- detail.He tells me :IsometricRogue-likeProcedurally GeneratedBullet Hell...and then...""You can flip tables for quick cover.""It was at this point that he had my attention... and after watching a few YouTube videos, I took the plunge.This game is challenging... brutally so at some points, but never makes you feel like a ""♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gamer"", even when you make obvious mistakes.The soundtrack is well put together, memorable, and the enemies feel unique and easy to read against the backdrop, as well as beside other types of enemies.You will ALWAYS know what you're fighting, and what they're capable of.---You walk in to a room, and have to quickly make a plan of attack, how to move about the room, what weapons to use. You have to look for floor traps, pits, explosives, as well as walls, tables, and anything that can be used to block enemy shots.Be quick on your feet, quick with your mind, and quick on the trigger, while un-lifing adorably rendered enemies.I'm giving this a solid 10/10...If you want a quote?""Adorably Brutal."" - J. Wolf"
76561198111916251,Recommended,311690,22623724,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,D'Manchild,"Well, I've been playing for a while now, and after beating the level 5 boss, it kinda got a bit repetetive and boring, at the time though, an incredible game."
76561198078334593,Recommended,311690,22650485,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kania_(linux),"It's fantastic, even though I cannot get to the 4th level. It's extremely irritaiting but it will keep you trying and trying again and again."
76561198349279916,Recommended,311690,30070347,Posted: 20 February,all,Diskence,"Ever since I got this game 3 weeks back I've been playing it 95% of the time I'm gaming. It is VERY addicting.This game is hard. Not incredibly so, but it relies quite a bit on your skill at moving around, aiming and quicly gunning down enemies, and, of course, dodge rolling!The learning curve might be a little slow at first, however, as you start identifying the patterns of enemies and bosses, everything becomes much more manageable.Fans of Binding of Isaac/Nuclear Throne/roguelikes who also enjoy bullet hell games, who don't mind an extra challenge or who want a more intense game (that relies a bit more on player skill than getting a decent item combination) this game might just be right for you!"
,Recommended,311690,22759214,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Butters,Im gonna catch flack for this but. But I don't normally like titles like this. I never got the hype of Binding of Isaac. THis was a pleasant surprise. Fun and held my attention. Plus its hard as balls and takes some good skill to beat. Lots of play time here.
,Recommended,311690,22442253,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Garbage Day,It must suck for the guy who has to clean up the mess after the mayhem
,Recommended,311690,23237939,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,egoat08,"This game can be pretty difficult. In the beginning you will die. A Lot. You will die to bosses many times and think it's impossible to win. And then you will learn the ways of the dodge roll. You need to dodge roll. Eventually you will start flawlessing the first boss and then die immediately to the second. Rinse repeat getting good, then die to a normal bullet kin. It's a very fun game but it has a steep-ish learning curve. It isn't very fair to compare it to The Binding of Isaac in any way because it is much faster and doesn't focus as much on synergies, only skill. However it isn't always fair. Many of the guns in this gun game are worse than your starting gun and some which are fun run out of ammo to fast. The drops are still being balanced and they have fixed a key dropping issue where you would get almost no keys, but many times you will get a useless trinket or useless gun. Don't be fooled it can be very difficult at first. Sometimes it can be very grindy so maybe play it in bursts. I have only been playing for around 80 hours and it is easy to get caught up it, but just know you probably aren't going to get good items most of the time. This game requires more skill compared to other games like Isaac that require good items and some skill. The bosses are the real bullet hell though. It is worth noting that you may have bad luck and will spend up to 2 minutes on the first boss since you need good guns and that bosses are bullet sponges. The first floor will always have a chest with a weapon and a chest with a passive item.   May RNJesus be on your side. Just watch out for dirty rats.TL:DR  It's still being balanced but is a fun and grindy bullet-hell game where you need RNG and skillTl:DR;DR  Don't be a scrub and git gud"
,Recommended,311690,30456271,Posted: 11 March,all,aceM,Oh my GOD! this game is unbelievably good. I've been hooked for months on the rogue-lite gameplay and its intense difficulty means i haven't even made it to th 5th floor yet (almost though).
76561198084580394,Recommended,311690,30764229,Posted: 26 March,all,DovahHeart,Git Gud
76561198128773782,Recommended,311690,22835081,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Concentrated Autism,"Personally, this game really pisses me off. It's a good game, and it runs well. But on the other side you'll never get lucky in a Gungeon. Other than the fact that its going to take you atleast a week before you can finish even the first Gungeon, I think that in all honesty this game is incredibly fun, but it's going to be very challenging to finish a Gungeon without another player. ( Its LAN only ;-; ) If you're running into this game expecting a Gungeon to take 5 minutes, you'd be wrong. I haven't finished the first Gungeon yet, but I can promise you it'll take alot of time to complete any of them. So I'm giving it a 7/10, It's sad to say, but as prementioned its only LAN. So if you want to play a Rogue game with a friend who isn't connected to your internet, look for another game. Other than that it's pretty decent."
76561198325813583,Recommended,311690,31123453,Posted: 13 April,all,nutella is life nutella is love,🔫🔫🔫🔫9/10
,Recommended,311690,28296581,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Gaben's Double Chin,This game has a lot of different enemies and maps which  makes it challenging so u won't know what to be prepared for. This game also has tonnes of different guns and perks. I would definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,311690,22755507,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Mr. Crunchberry,"This game feels like a throwback to ""NES Hard"". Now I'm not talking about game-breaking, crazy games like Ninja Gaiden or Battletoads, but more like Castlevania, in that the mechanics take a while to get a grip of. They're not perfect, but they're not meant to be. This isn't going to be a game where you can just pick up, play for two hours, and beat. You are going to die, a lot. Like other NES Hard games, this is going to take some time to git gud at, and that's a great thing in my opinion.This game is hard, but there was never a time where I felt cheated. Every death was my own fault. The game is saying, ""You want to conquer the gungeon? Well good luck scrub, cause I'm throwing everything I got at you!""A bit of luck does help from time to time. Sometimes you'll grab a gun or an item that makes clearing out a room a breeze, but then other times you'll grab a gag weapon that's good for a laugh, but's pretty useless. I've found that even the gag weapons have some redeemable feature about them though. It might do crap for damage, for example, but the fire rate and reload time is way better than my default weapon, so that plays a factor as well.Great music, awesome visuals, solid gameplay. I already know that when I finally do conquer The Gungeon, it'll be one of the most rewarding wins in a game I've had in a while."
76561198265348884,Recommended,311690,31307254,Posted: 22 April,all,big moist,too ♥♥♥♥ING HARDgood
76561198091543759,Recommended,311690,22597764,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Red Cloud,"I suck at this game. After playing 70 hours I finally beat that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dragun. If you arent familiar with bullet hell games this game can be hard, but its very fun to play.You could compared to Isaac, but harder and with guns."
,Recommended,311690,29563910,Posted: 29 January,all,Dels Kibara,"How do I say this?Enter the Gungeon is a boatload of fun!Its insane, its ridiculous, its full of chaotic fun.Lets talk about the most important aspect for ANY game.THE GAMEPLAYIts a rogue-like, bullet hell, shoot-em-up, cover to cover shooter.What more do you want?Its what you would call both a Casual and Hardcore game.Casual if you just want to have an intense but relaxing game, or if you just want to play with a friend!But hardcore if you want to unlock EVERY SINGLE GUN IN THE GAME ALONGSIDE EVERY SINGLE ITEM AND POWERUP!ITS THE BINDING OF ISAAC ALL OVER AGAIN! ARGH! I LOVE IT!The controls are so smooth and they are satisfying to use.The difficulty is a perfect mix of Casual and Hardcore.Its not too hard, but it sure as sh!t not too easy.The number of enemies on the screen is rarely overwhelming.And its only overwhelming when I made a stupid mistake like not reloading in the previous room or running out of ammo.The amount of guns in this game is ludicrous. In a good way.They say Quality beats Quantity.Well, not in EtG's case (most of the time).Because most of the guns work the same.The pistols have different attack speeds and damage values.The automatics have different spreads and different abilities.And the specials are... Well.. Very special (SQUID GUUUN!!! :D)Not to mention the infinite amounts of combinations for abilities and powerups you can equip during your time in the gungeon.No matter I love this game so much.The enemies are cute and adorable.But they are also menacing and deadly, so you'll want to kill them.And you won't feel sorry for killing them.Because the bosses are... Well, how do I say this?F*cking difficult? In a good way.Its a good challenge, most bosses today, especially in the AAA Scene are BUTTON PROMPTS! QTEs!So having a challenging boss is a nice refreshing taste on the genre (granted, TBOS already did the same thing. But its harder here.)Lets move onto Presentation before I sneeze from happiness.THE PRESENTATIONIts Pixelart.And since most Indies are pixelart, its not that amazing really.But the artwork is still enjoyable to look at.And its quite unique in their own way.The soundtrack is just an explosion of eargasm.You'll want to hear it even after you're done with the game.Review score?Oh, I don't do review scores silly.I only do my thoughts and a Yes or No.Anyway.Its a yes."
76561198012759423,Recommended,311690,30669049,Posted: 22 March,all,ShneakyBastard Farmskins.com,GAME IS FANTASTIC!Enter the PUNgeon
,Recommended,311690,30699112,Posted: 23 March,all,Just a Stormtrooper,It's a good game and I recommend it
,Recommended,311690,24719259,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Yama(BigDog),"Although the lack of onine mutiplayer is certainly disappointing, you will definitely get your $$'s worth,  Addictive gameplay, with a difficuty only an old-school gamer can appreciate."
,Recommended,311690,29544791,Posted: 28 January,all,Zebax,"Enter the GungeonGenre: Dungeon Crawler , Bullet HellPlayed onWindows 8.1Q6600 / Asus R9 270X / 8GB DDR2XBOX 360 Wired / Keyboard and M65 CorsairFPS Count: 60+Inconvenience: None.A unfair FightVery nice Graphics , Over the top music. Unfair gameplay. Maybe a little bit of Motion sickness.I played it with Keyboard and Mouse , with XBOX 360 Controller is too dificult (Not recommend). In that configuration I played over 2000 hrs of FPS , and was doing fine but , the problem with ETG is that your basic bullets and some weapons does not shot in straight line , and it goes over the place , making it more dificult than it should be.So sometimes you are going to fight the Bosses with 1 or 2 life , making it  and very very unfair game.The game seems to have that Dark souls feeling (Very hard), but I don't have the time and the patience to pass through that too many times. I have very limited game hours in my busy life.Recommended?Hell Yeah , some people are masochist and like this tipe of difficulty. Good for them. Its a remarkable game , very polished and with a lot of configurations. But too dificult for a casual gamer like me."
,Recommended,311690,34440498,Posted: 23 August,all,b1rd,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa its good.
,Recommended,311690,27901203,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,twitchtv disasterexe,"I did not even notice I had played the game for 150hrs.If you like games with lots of replay value (i.e. Spelunky, Binding of Isaac, or anything speed-runnable) this is the game for you.ETG offers a good challenge for people who like bullet hell games. The amount of items and guns add a lot to what a run will be like. I have not played it on multiplayer, but I can only imagine it plays nicely.Every time you beat the game, or after you unlock certain achievements new guns/items will be added, and you can also unlock certain NPCs who can help you on your journey to the depths of the gungeon.I would say the only thing that actually gets repetitive is the music, but you can turn that off. This game is worth its price. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,311690,31951712,Posted: 25 May,all,Phoenix Person,BEST PIXEL GAME EVERWORTH IT
,Recommended,311690,33982502,Posted: 2 August,all,Kane,If you like brutally hard games this one is for you. After almost 5 hours played I still can't get past the first boss.
,Recommended,311690,28701965,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Esper,"I freakin' love this game.It's a solid roguelike, has lore like goofy Dark Souls, fun shooting/mechanics, and delightful design/art style.It's a love letter to gaming, to the roguelike genre, and to a number of titles many of you likely remember fondly.On top of that, it's chock full of gun puns, interesting characters, throwbacks, challenges, and also GUNS.The progression system is fun as well- the Breach, where the NPCs gather, is your hub area, and watching it fill up is quite satisfying.9.7/10, Cursula doesn't come to the Breach and will never* be (your/my) spooky wife.*unless they add that in a DLC? Hint hint, Dodgeroll. Gib Cursula pls"
,Recommended,311690,22905101,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Plasmix,It's my favorite self esteem booster/destroyer
76561198061247514,Recommended,311690,25301585,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,dx2150,A game with lots fun
,Recommended,311690,26458004,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Ghost Waifu,i finished Dark Soul 1 2 and 3 atleast twice...I still need to survive one run of this game
,Recommended,311690,31364963,Posted: 25 April,all,Pipola,"If you buy this, be ready to do the same thing over and over again"
,Recommended,311690,22907632,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,KnightyNight_02,Got a banana that explode when you throw it10/10 would throw banana again
,Recommended,311690,22733104,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Mr Boney Pants,"Great ame, intense bullet hell, unstoppable weapons, high difficulty, the perfect challenge."
,Recommended,311690,24461963,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,₮ℌ℺☩  ℗Å†℟❂℄,Only writing this review because this game deserves overwhelmingly positive more than nuclear throne in my opinion.
,Recommended,311690,27351270,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Clam Johnston,"Great game, lots of content that you won't unearth for a while. This game will keep you busy if you like to 100% games"
76561198156286370,Recommended,311690,30133452,Posted: 23 February,all,Vincent,"I've never liked guns. Aways thought that they were just a lazy way for games to sell. That being said, this game makes me feel like a hypocrite. The charming way that the weapons and characters are presented, as well the tough-as-nails gameplay is makes this game a breath of fresh air. I hope that Enter the Gungeon has some more fun updates to maintain it's entertaining nature. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,311690,22728348,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,♦♦Jarek♦♦,"This game is really fun, i would recommend it if you like The Binding Of Isaac or Nuclear Throne. This game is a top down, bullet hell type of game. There are a lot of weapons, the maps are different every time, and the game is not to easy, definantly harder then Nuclear Throne over all. If you like a challenging, fun game that has a lot of content in it, this is the game for you.P.S. will you ever make online co-op gungeons? I personaly would like it a lot."
,Recommended,311690,22887083,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Sketch`s Sushi Roll,"You need get the gun wich can kill the past!One of the best Pixel Bullet Hell games i ever played.Insane amount of Weapons(wich Probably will be added even more by Devs but who knows)Hard Bosses!STORY WICH ISNT S**T!And The most important,You canROLL AROUND AND FLIP TABLES!. Yeah thats riight you can do such things.But lets get Serious.This Game is Insanly fun and Worth all $ wich you will pay for it.Its Like Binding of Isaac but with Guns.So yeah i Highly Recommend this game."
,Recommended,311690,26764258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Panpaka,Fire won't stop drain my healthand...Sometimes I forgot how to use blank
76561197991533903,Recommended,311690,34129482,Posted: 9 August,all,iflier,You can play as a bullet and shoot bullets that shoot bullets at bullets that shoot bullets while you try to dodge more bullets
,Not Recommended,311690,22545889,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Chaos,Leave a lot to be desires. Can't even save/resume.
,Recommended,311690,33407974,Posted: 9 July,all,Conpon,"Enter the Gungeon is simply amazing and one of the best games I've played this year and one of my personal favourites of my whole Steam library, in the beginning it's extremely simple and consists of going through an easy as pie tutorial that holds you hand more than any game ever you've ever played, then you finish the tutorial and enter into the Gungeon which is randomly generated every time you start over, and even in your first few rooms of the first chamber the game could seem simple and you may be confused as to why everyone thinks this game has a high skill ceiling. Then... Lets say you clear out all the rooms and maybe got a weapon out a chest, you enter the boss room and are met with on of 3 bosses;Gatling Gull - A bird with a big♥♥♥♥♥minigun and a six pack who can regurgitate missilesThe Trigger Twins - Two Big Boy Bullets that just wanna chill out until you come along, kill one and you've triggered the other, you killed his bro, how could you, you monsterORThe Bullet King - The first boss that made me want to uninstall and made me take a break from the game, the fat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who sits in his chair and just rains bullets upon youThese are the boss's of the First Chamber and can seem like a real pain for new players but once you learn how to dodge them and learn their attacks you can beat these guys without getting hit once.The second chamber adds health to all the meanies you found in the first chamber and introduces you to some more meanies that want to blow your brains out just for walking in the room.Enter the Gungeon is £10.99 nomally and can get super cheap during sales but I'd say full asking price is more than worth it for the countless hours of fun that's to be had clearing out rooms full of crazy random enemies and rage when one shot hits you and its totally not your fault, it's this stupid game this is bull I'm uninstalling but we all know you're coming back to get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked over and over till you can finally make it past the next chamber, hell I've got 14.5 hours so far and have only been able to make it to the third chamber and not even the boss room at that.Enter the Gungeon has great pixelated visuals, a decent soundtrack and amazing gameplay that'll keep you coming back for more until you can finally get to that lift down to the next floor.9/10 ♥♥♥♥ The Beholster"
,Recommended,311690,25353242,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Villain in Glasses,"Out of all the Bullet Hell games I've played, this is my favorite.Out of all the Roguelike games I've played, this is my favorite.Out of all the Dungeon Crawler games I've played... you get the picture.This game is phenomenal! There's an incredibly vast ammount of loot to aquire, equal parts wacky and awesome. The gameplay is quite difficult which makes it very exhilarating and rewarding. The game is sprinkled with tickling references to beloved games, movies, and TV series. And the secrets... OH BOY THE SECRETS! A big word of advice to anyone who wants the full experice:DON'T CHECK THE WIKI! Finding out all of the secrets yourself is super satisfying. This game will keep you entertainEd for...Hours... Weeks... months...a really, really long time! So what are you waiting for!? Come on andEnter The Gungeon!"
,Recommended,311690,29788218,Posted: 8 February,all,Cockblocked by Steve Jobs,Dodge a bullet to take another bulletGot a Shell that shot Shotgun10/10
,Recommended,311690,22867297,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Josnius,A fun game with retro-like graphics that keep you playing for hours at a time.
,Recommended,311690,22868928,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,BORN-TO-DIE,"I have not been able to beat this game with any of the characters, its a hard♥♥♥♥♥game!lots of people like to whine about how hard and random it is buuuut.... I realized somethingYOU CAN BEAT THIS GAME WITHOUT OUT ANY ADDITIONAL GUNS OR ITEMS!yes...while getting good items and guns is a bonus and makes it slightly easier, non of that matters if you don't know how and when to dodge roll or use the environment to your advantage, i have beaten multiple levels with nothing but my base gun and dodge roll!Like I said, i haven't beaten the game cuz i'm not good enough, but I know i can!bottom lineQUITE BEING A WHINY ♥♥♥♥♥ AND GET GUD!great game!"
,Recommended,311690,22869098,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,AkulBIG,Fantastic roguelite/bullet hell. Devolver Digital delivers again with an excelent pixel art style by Joe Harty.The game offers 2 player co-op with unforgiving combat and tons of content. 5 clases and a billion weapons.So much fun! If youre looking for a rogue like in 2016 this is your best bet!
,Recommended,311690,29667851,Posted: 3 February,all,MechMK1,"About the gameEnter the Gungeon is a roguelike twinstick shooter with bullet-hell elements.The game favours skill over grind, but has some luck involved (which weapons spawn, etc.), similar to games like The Binding of Isaac.With many unlockables to be unlocked and secrets to be found, the game does provide quite some time to play.Is it fun?Yes, absolutely. The gameplay feels very satisfying, and within several of hours you'll get the hang of it.The game has a great sense of humor too, both in the visuals (shotgun shells as enemies who fire shotguns), as in the items you can get.For instance, there's a weapon called ""lowercase letter r"", which fires the letters ""bullet"", or a shotgun shell which fires shotguns.In all honesty, the extreme variety of the weapons adds a lot to the fun.Is it stable? What about performance?The game never crashed on me so far (but I only played 11 hours as of this review, so take from that whatever you want).It tabs in and out almost instantly without any problems, which I always consider a very big plus.Performance-wise, I can't really say too much, as I have an i7-6700K and a GTX 980Ti, but since the minimum requirements for this game are really low, I imagine probably anyone with a PC from the last decade can play it.Anything else?I did have trouble playing it with a controller in Co-Op, as my inputs were sometimes not being taken. Setting the controller type to ""XInput only"" helped fixing that.Aside from that, the fact that Co-Op is only local and not online is really a downer. I'd love to play this game with friends.Also the fact that Player 2 can only play the cultist is sad, since it would have been cool to make a combo of different heroes. Oh well.SummaryIf you enjoy roguelikes, then I can definitely recommend ""Enter the Gungeon"". Even if you don't, then you might want to take a look at it."
76561198094960459,Recommended,311690,34426683,Posted: 22 August,all,Sir Skele | Cured... Probably,80 ♥♥♥♥ing hours and I still haven't killed the past even once. 80. ♥♥♥♥ing. Hours.
,Recommended,311690,28279403,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,da  B man,We need online coop a week ago... otherwise intensely amazing game!
76561198056558901,Recommended,311690,32297353,Posted: 9 June,all,Captain Ferret,There are 5 (randomly generated) levels and each has a boss at it's end.Once i've made it to the 4th boss..... once....GIT GUD or get rekt
,Recommended,311690,22524072,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,bigjon120,"This game isn't worth 15 dollars...it's worth at least 20. Probably more. Now, first, I want to talk about the negative reviews.I noticed 10% of the reviews for Enter the Gungeon were negative. I decided to see how this was possible. I noticed 2 general trends.1. People weren't very good at it and felt like it was too hard.2. People who had played similar games (like Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne) thought it would be like those and it wasn't what they expected.This is a rogue-lite bullet hell game. It's not supposed to be a cake walk. Did the graphics throw them off? I don't know, and I don't care. It's supposed to be challenging.Some people also said that they didnt think they'd ever get past a certain floor. Not with an attitude like that, and not without practice. I bet a large majority of people die their first time fighting any boss in this game. You have to learn those bosses patterns so you CAN beat them, and rise VICTORIOUS.Oh and god forbid that it's not exactly like those other games. Enter the Gungeon would probably have more negative reviews if it was, because these same people, and MORE, would complain about it being a bad copy (even if it's actually better. SHOTS FIRED.)Now on to what I think of it.CONSI'd give the gameplay/controls a 9/10. It's practically perfect. The only complaints I have are that, sometimes, the dodge roll is a LIIITTLE unresponsive. I also dont like how when you're using a charge gun, if you take a hit while charged, it loses its charge. I'm fine with it if that's how they intended these things to work, but these are things that could be changed with an update, which, by the way, is entirely possible. They update this game ALL THE TIME (and don't worry, you shouldn't lose your save when they do.)As far as finding weapons, items, keys, etc, I think it's fine...except for ONE thing. So, the easiest way to get keys is to buy them from the store. Now, the thing is, sometimes on the harder levels, you have to use a key to get to the store. It's a bit of a problem that I actually do think should be changed.PROSThis game is FANTASTIC. It's one of the best ""fresh"" games I've played. I haven't played a game I enjoyed as much as this since Terraria (by the way, i have almost 1000 hours on Terraria. #nolife.)I'm a loot man, so the fact that there are tons of weapons and items is a HUGE plus for me.The bosses are all very challenging and unique. There's a pretty large variety of enemies too for that matter.Theres more to do in it than just try to make it through every floor. There are MULTIPLE NPC's that you can save. While most of them are shop keepers, they all have their own unique inventory, and the NPC's that aren't shop keepers are what keep the game interesting.There are lots of steam achievements and in game challenges.The music...there's a reason this game's sound track is purchasable. It's great. Absolutely great. I still havent gotten tired of it.I would recommend this game to just about anyone. It's got A LOT of play time value and a lot more than you would expect from such a straight forward concept. I personally love this game, and i give it 9/10 bullets. Would shoot again."
,Recommended,311690,34816033,Posted: 8 September,all,shintaiken,all i can say is fun.... a the time of writing this i have 86 hours in the game and have only beat it once.... yea i know i'm bad but still really fun and bloody hard game
76561198133796918,Recommended,311690,22526591,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,HEK,I WOULD TOTALLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME!!! It's like the binding of Issac but with guns. it's very detalied and HARD AS HELL. I'M STILL TRYING TO BEAT THE FIRST GUNGEON AND IM LOVING EVERY SECOND OF IT!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,311690,22528379,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Khaesho,"Oh man, what can I even say about this game. It takes the randomly generated, roguelike goodness that made Binding of Isaac famous, mixes it with a gun catalogue that Borderlands would be proud of, and then adds a strong dose of whimsey in the form of literally every single gun-based pun that the developer could think of, and believe me, they got pretty creative.In the Gungeon, everything is gun themed. The main lobby is the Breach. Each floor is a different Chamber. Bullets serve as your elevators. Your enemies are bullets that hold guns that shoot bullets, in a visually engaging and informative manner. The 9mm enemies hold one shot pistols, the different colors of shotgun shells hold different kinds of shotguns, and the 7mm magnum rounds hold snipers. There's no shortage of enemy variation, not all enemies are bullets, but all of them have puns for names. There are a lot of gun puns.The variation in firearms is massive as well; I think it took me 5 lives to find the same gun twice, and there's some hundred+ different weapons, -almost- all of which are functionally unique. I say almost, because there are multiple low-ranking pistols that all seem about the same, but they make up for that by getting truly creative with skirting the lines of what can be called a ""gun."" Apparantly, the letter r looks like a gun, so you can shoot letter-bullets from it. Then there's the EU gun, which happens to be made of solid gold. Then there are the Gunboots.Speaking of James Bond and Downwell, there are numerous pop culture jokes hidden in some of the item descriptions, in all the best places, like the Cloranthy ring and Megaman's blaster hand. This game thrives on its frivilousness; its just fun to look at, and fun to watch.Gameplay wise, this game plays it very safe. If you've played binding of Isaac, crypt of the Necrodancer, or pretty much any other roguelike dungeon crawler, you know what to expect. Keys for chests, the occasional secret puzzle, a shopkeeper whose wares are just expensive enough that you have to be picky with your money, ETC. There are various trapped NPC's who provide services when you free them; some have out of game shops using currency obtained from beating bosses, where you can unlock new guns and items for the Gungeon. Some provide in-game shops, selling special items, or (rarely) items at discount. One even creates a minigame, and for a reasonable price, lets you test your skill in a shooting range for big potential prizes.You get a dodge roll that gives you invincibility frames, and two ""Blanks"" per floor that wipe the screen of enemy bullets, and prevent enemies from firing for a crucial half a second. The controls are tight, responsive, and easy to use, which is good because you need to be damn good at this game to make progress.I'm going to say that again, because its a very important fact. I've sunk 21 hours into this game, and I've yet to actually beat it. I've never even beaten the 4th floor, only got to the boss chamber 3 times, and each time was a different boss. Its incredibly difficult, but that difficulty needs to be divided into two parts to be properly explained; enemy strength VS player strength. I'm going to define enemy strength as ""how long can you be in a room/encounter/boss fight without taking a single point of damage."" Each floor has 2-3 different bosses, and there's a certain threshold of artificial difficulty until you learn a boss's patterns and attacks. After you've mastered a boss, its difficulty shrinks from godlike down to ""manageable,"" but the biggest problem I've seen is in the RNG; that is, Player strength. This is a weakness intrinsic to the game; there are countless different passive and active items, as well as a large arsenal's worth of weapons, so the actual difficulty of the game depends completely on what items drop, and how often amunition drops. One run, I got a hat that MASSIVELY increased the chance to find keys on the second floor. Then I found a merchant who traded his POWERFUL items for keys. Through that run, I opened all the chests, bought out half the store every floor, and kicked righteous♥♥♥♥♥.. then, lost the boss fight on the 4th floor, because it was a boss I'd never seen, and I didn't know what his attacks were.This roguelike is not like FTL, or binding of isaac, in that you can expect to complete a run every so often. I'd liken it more to Crypt of the Necrodancer; you're striving, working, and growing stronger with the sole intent of beating the game -once.- You can play more after that, but beating the final boss is a crowning achievement you need to WORK for.  That said, this monumental struggle is made better by the fact that the ten seconds of story provide a canonical reason for you to come back to life every time you die. Its a nice touch, since you die so very often.There are a few bugs in this game, and some of the mechanics need a little tweaking, but so far the devs have been awesome about bug stomping and patching, so the minor problems will probably have been solved by the time you finish reading this. Speaking of which, I only wrote this review to stall for time while it patched, and that's finished, so, back into the gungeon I go! Buy this game, we need to see more development of this quality.Oh, and if its something that you do, go watch Markiplier play this game, he makes a good showing of the first floor, though he misses the secret room and bonus side quest in the tutorial level."
76561198126405740,Recommended,311690,32882396,Posted: 27 June,all,M_Bones,"pew pew pew, ;) bullets"
,Recommended,311690,24901382,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SpookyPerson,"Enter the Gungeon is one of the greatest games I've ever played. It's fun, immersive, replayable, and the perfect mix of frustrating at the same time. The perfect balance of dodge and shoot. Great gameplay aspects. Puns, lots and lots of them, and finally, the amazing music. It all combines the make the most perfect dinner anybody could feast on. So if you have a craving for fun, I think that you should buy this game for yourself, not for your friends, unless you REALLY want to buy it for them, but they can spend their own money right?My only problem is the new boss they added to the third chamber.  I think he has some garbage attacks."
,Recommended,311690,31651165,Posted: 9 May,all,ImWillowie hellcase.com,You can flip tables in this game.You can get an item that makes the tables get rockets and fly forward when you flip them.You can get an item that makes you more powerful if you flip tables.Also did i mention that you can flip tables in this game?11/10Btw there is a boss that is literally a door
76561198224201856,Recommended,311690,24547453,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,builderman109100,"The game is very good. Dont expect to step in and get past the first or even get CLOSE to finishing the very first level. You have to take time and EFFORT into this game. This game isn't your average Call of Duty. This game takes REAL SKILL. Once you do get past dungeon 1 the game is GLAD to reward you with EVEN MORE HARD BOSSES! Just kidding, but seriously, the game reward you when you MOST deserve it. With Easter eggs, Funny characters, Guns, Funny PLAYABLE Characters, Bosses, Shortcuts. Two player mode is about as good as it can get.Get this game."
,Recommended,311690,32420071,Posted: 14 June,all,malaisling,"A model for all the indie genre to look on.The game includes a strong and tight combat system, brilliant pixelated artwork and stellar amounts of randomization and content in general. Along with a stylish sense of pun based humour and whimsy.The game also does struggle with being fair at times. Some enemies have significantly unique quirks which the player will be punished for not responding to despite that quirk being found in very little other places, and thus not all players may be able to adapt on the fly. Some bosses in the game are downright bullet showers which can be overly demanding to react to if not impossible at certain points if random chance dictates there is not a dodge opening that is safe. And the game also features what could only be described as select interesting content locked behind horribly unenjoyable challenges which do not add onto game progression and often ruin your current run but if you do not do it then you won't get that unlock so you have to choose between fun and progression; or more content diversity.The game also locks the health upgrades gained from completing each floor behind beating that floors boss without taking any damage. And so, the pressure of essentially getting a flawless every boss fight in order to gain that health upgrade to improve your chance of having a more successful run is tremendous and simply just oppressive. The fact the games progression system ransoms significant benefits behind beating the boss without getting hit. It feels very, bad, not only the pressure of getting a flawless but the feeling of stunted development from not getting that flawless and knowing you missed out on a health upgrade.But regardless, somewhat minor issues that can become bigger gripes based on the player. However again the game still excells in every important regard and is well worth the price considering it has huge replayability over the course of many tens of hours."
,Recommended,311690,32824018,Posted: 26 June,all,GrayGL,"I never thought a game would♥♥♥♥♥♥me off or annoy me more than Binding of Isaac, but here you have it~ this game is a real challenge, and while it is a fun game, I can see myself taking extended breaks from this.Pros:-Wacky weapons-Funny-Rewarding-Every playthrough randomized-Unique bosses-Classic arcade feelCons:-Extremely difficult right from the start-Not getting a good weapon can be your downfall-The AI can aim at where you are RUNNING which makes it even HARDER and i find that to be complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tI still recommend this, if you are a fan of Binding of Isaac or like arcade-like games"
,Recommended,311690,22914218,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Racialist,"Had half a heart left.""You know what? Before I die, I wanna smoke a cigarette.""Buys a pack of cigarettes, smokes one and then dies.10/10 would waste 40 gold to kill myself again"
76561198089251910,Recommended,311690,22819544,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Abe Froman,shot at a bullet with bullets as my dog bullet collected bullets and dodged bullets that were being shot by bullets.
,Recommended,311690,34840622,Posted: 9 September,all,NeoGeoMVS,great game! very fun.
76561198102531202,Recommended,311690,34818483,Posted: 8 September,all,Dipper,"This game is relentless for a beginner in the rogue-like, bullet hell genre. Steep learning curve! But I like the art and I like the jokes that they put in the game and I heard that there is a way to save the game after you cleared a chamber but that feels like a roumer at the moment. Wont give negative review because I suck."
,Recommended,311690,29136102,Posted: 8 January,all,Boris_Mikhail,"I can't say much for the Pros and Cons about this game. It is firmly in the running for my favorite game of all time. As such, rose-tinted glasses are firmly affixed.I genuinely couldn't find a list about the pros. There is nothing I could say to adequately describe the feel of the game, or how fun and charismatic the art style is, or dozens of other things. I just can't find the words. This game is MORE than worth the fifteen dollars. Even after more or less mastering the game, over the course of a hundred hours, and completing nearly every challenge the game has to offer, I still find things that make me gasp and squeal in excitement. I still have dozens of guns I have never found, and I still haven't even unlocked every item yet. I am PAINFULLY close, however, only four items off (excluding the supply drop loot).So what does this say about the game? You should play it. Don't let the first run or two dictate how you feel, since that's not how the game is. Give it a good, solid chance. You won't regret it.The only REAL weakness I can point out is the frifle challenges. Complete them as early as possible, since they tend to turn out fairly monotonous.This game is challenging yet easily understandable, with surprising depth."
,Recommended,311690,29160916,Posted: 10 January,all,Emphase,"I've never been a huge fan of rogue-lite/ like games and I'm quite sure this game hasn't really changed it, but nonetheless I've enjoyed it quite immensely. I've never played Binding of Isaac, nor have I had any real interest in that game, so the comparisons will be somewhat far-fetched and likely unprecise. But let's get down to it and take a look at why this game is worth it.There's a 'TL;DR' at the end, don't worry.First, the game play.It's not really something to right home about. I mean, it's basically a twin-stick shooter for all intents and purposes, but it handles just as fine if not better with keyboard and mouse. That being said, it can still be quite enjoyable to flip over a table for a momentary cover (yes, you can do it, but so can enemies) or get randomly saved by an obstacle, e.g. a book on a said table.The dodge rolling helps a lot as this game is more of a bullet hell than a dungeon crawler. But if that doesn't work, you always use a blank, if you have one, to clear the room of bullets and then just mow down the enemies.Unlockables abound, both while on one of the many levels (more on that later) and in the hub area where you can unlock them via in-game currency. The only downfall of that is that, this being a rogue-lite game, you start every run with your standart weapons. And you can get pretty shafted by luck as well because every chest is locked and you don't have that many keys to start off and the store is quite expensive and more often than not has crap to sell (kinda like H&M clothing stores when I think about it).Could go on for longer, but by this point you're probably already bored of reading.Level design.There are five main floors to the game that procedurally generated, so every time you start a run, you'll have something different awaiting you. But, you can unlock more levels and also shortcuts to the main levels. Like Boss Rush for instance, but I'll keep the rest for you to discover as it's part of the charm of the game. Discovering what you can unlock.Items and guns.There are numerous unlocks both for items and guns. It's quite ridiculous really. And they're all varied. Some have a form of drawback or penalty for using or even carrying, sometimes even picking it up, some are super rare, but super overpowered. It really has something for everyone and no run is the same. As your success of the runs deeply depend on the guns and items you've managed to find through the game.Sound.For one thing, the music is stellar. I bought the game some while ago, but still love listening to the menu theme on occasion. It's just lovely. And the rest of it as just as great.Sounds assets in general are quite pleasing in the game. From the smallest pistols to the biggest 'blow up everything and everyone' guns. They're well designed and don't feel out of the place with the pixelated setting.Honestly, there's a lot I could say about this game, but that would make for one hell of an article. Some could say, unfit for a Steam store page.TL;DRThe game is great with a few minor setbacks, but well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,311690,28819744,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,WhataTater,Binding of Isaac's randomized floor design with a top down shooter. It's really hard.
76561198073802793,Recommended,311690,23153102,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Juppe,THIS GAME IS AWESOME AND REALLY FRUSTRATING BUY IT
,Recommended,311690,31477503,Posted: 30 April,all,Sheldo,"The most beautiful piece of art created by man.I have a vive, every console, and almost everygame but I can't stop playing this.Even my girlfriend likes it.I would suck♥♥♥♥♥♥for more content."
,Recommended,311690,29510535,Posted: 26 January,all,mopdew11,is good
,Recommended,311690,29504245,Posted: 26 January,all,RAFAAM THE ARCHAEOLOGIST,Very great game have a good time playing it.
,Recommended,311690,23857807,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,husiyin,This game is really cool but S O H A R D
,Recommended,311690,22622661,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,pride,"It's pretty good, but has it's ""other"" moments. I like it because it's fun, I guess. If you don't like dying don't buy this, I guess.GameplayShoot thingsGet itemsKill bossesKill big bossesWin gamesFun game right?"
76561198306119414,Recommended,311690,28247055,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Purple,"A fun and addicting game that's randomly generated, That has made me cuss alot in the past few days.If you like Isaac, then you will probably like this! :D10/10"
,Recommended,311690,29553043,Posted: 28 January,all,The Constipated Champion,This game is awesome but before you buy remember it is hard.If you like games like binding of isaac then you will like this.
,Recommended,311690,24735609,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Matt Xav,"A very, very well made game. You can spend hours and hours palying this game and still not know everything about it."
,Recommended,311690,22837807,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Kaptain Klassic,Enter the gungeon is addicting
,Recommended,311690,28702288,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tarofel,"It's a really hard and fun game. It caters to the bullethell and hardcore aspect of me very well. While rogue-likes aren't the best in my book, this one happens to work for me.I can recommend this game wholly to anyone willing to take on a challenging top-down shooter."
,Recommended,311690,22493773,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,BadIndieGamer [Takeda],"Bullet Hell? More like Bullet Hell No am I right?Finished the tutorial and was told I beat the game.Guess I'm gonna have to replay the tutorial over and over.10/10 would recommend.In all seriousness I think this is basically a level up on skill from Isaac, less crazy OP synergies that let you cheese the game but still with the fun, quirky items you would expect. Best thing since Rebirth/Afterbirth imo."
76561198114924244,Recommended,311690,32650417,Posted: 22 June,all,Devil Wolfriel!,"This game is really amazing! :D i love all the diffrent guns in this game. There are big content in this game many diffrent Enemies, Guns, and gadgets if you can call them.The things that i love to see in this game.Co op. It's nothing wrong with the whole co op thing it's just that the second player can only choose 1 character i would love to see a change so player 2 can choose diffrent characters then just one.Well thats all xD Buy this game it's 9/10and sorry for my bad spelling im swedish... >.>"
76561197972560532,Not Recommended,311690,22613329,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,RuningOnBravado,"No difficulty adjutment for the casual gamer - buyer beware.  If I could un-buy this game, I would."
76561198119607439,Recommended,311690,34850405,Posted: 9 September,all,Nova The Kid,"An Honest review:My Rating: 7.5/10This game is by far one of the hardest games I've ever played. I've been playing this all day and I havn't beated Level 1. If you like permanent death, and restarting 10+ times every half-hour then this game is DEFINATLY for you! I bought this game for $7.49 and It is well worth it. However, if I was asked if I'd pay full price for this game, I wouldn't because It's not a game I can fall in love with and play the hell out of it. It's a come, play for a while, leave, and repeat. People might tell you it's a lot like undertale for it's bullet hell feature and it is indeed a bullet hell. But this game has less story and more action. I hope this helps anyone who plans on buying this game."
76561197995506136,Not Recommended,311690,22689778,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Joshy Boy,"In its current state I cannot recommend the game, it has some great ideas and fantastic features but the bosses are straight up bullet sponges and take away a lot of the fun of the game."
,Recommended,311690,35405840,Posted: 1 October,all,Beeps!,"This game is just plain awesome. It's Bullet Hell in a fun bag, simply put! Totally worth it!"
,Recommended,311690,24743434,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Draysta,"Amazing, challenging game, a real test of ability. With seemingly unlimited guns, interesting lore, the game is full of secrets and each run is truly unique. It even has a great soundtrack. Only thing that can be off-putting is the length of time runs take. To complete the game you'e looking at a minimum of an hour playtime, and that's just ONE run, but you grow to appreciate the length of playtime. Perfect for anyone who wants a challenging game with loads to discover."
,Recommended,311690,31831156,Posted: 18 May,all,TheCloudSpooker,I don't own it
,Recommended,311690,22469368,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Adam Bash,"It ticks all the best boxes from The Binding of Isaac and Spelunky and brings frantic bullet hell action to boot.Bury me with my money, except the very reasonable $14.99 I spent on this game."
76561198043865385,Recommended,311690,24530971,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,quag returns,it's like dark souls with oranges
,Recommended,311690,22370617,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Jab,"Enter the Gungeon is the latest in the recent trend of action rogue-likes. Combining the designs of The Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne, the game is one of the hardest entries in the genre, but a few decisions leave me reaching for my holster.Shooting Time:The story of the game is that you are one of four characters who have come to the mysterious gungeon: A gun and bullet obsessed place filled with sentient bullets. Your goal is to find the greatest treasure of the temple: A gun that can kill the past. Standing in your way are floors full of enemies, bosses and dwindling reserves of ammo and guns.To start, the game looks great and is a perfect example of the quality that you can get with pixel art. The gun motif gives the game an interesting and unique aesthetic that works.Enter the Gungeon feels like Nuclear Throne taken up a few notches. Using a similar isometric perspective, you'll have to shoot your way through waves of enemies with different attack and shot patterns. While Nuclear Throne was entirely procedurally generated, Enter the Gungeon copies The Binding of Isaac's design of taking set room layouts and procedurally designing the level floor plan out of them.Each character starts out with a different starting gun and items to take into the gungeon, but they all respond the same way. Action is fast-paced, as you need to train yourself in shooting and dodging attacks. Your main defensive option is a combat roll; while you are in the air for the first part you are invincible, but you are vulnerable after landing. The game knows this and has prepared shoot-em-up worthy shot patterns for you to attempt to avoid.Besides dodging, you are given two blanks: Items that erase all bullets in the room and prevent the enemy from firing for a few seconds. These items are emergency use, but you will always have a supply of at least two whenever you enter a new floor.Don't let the looks fool you, Enter the Gungeon is a challenging game and leans more towards bullet-hell compared to games like Isaac and Nuclear Throne. Unfortunately, I feel that the game falls into the cheap side of things due to several design and technical decisions.Firing Blanks:Enter the Gungeon features an amazing art aesthetic as mentioned, but the aesthetic has caused a compromise of the game mechanics. You'll find that the actual amount of screen that you're going to see is drastically smaller compared to Isaac and Nuclear Throne. The developers did this in order to keep the game looking sharp, but it has a severe affect on the gameplay.The reason is that with the viewing screen so small, most often you're going to take damage from shots entering off screen before you had a chance to react. Zooming in doesn't work, because all it does is make the view window bigger and more blurred, not increasing the size of the view window.The bigger problem is how the game is balanced against the player and their skill. The starting guns for each character suffers from low accuracy, high bullet spread and a long reload time compared to the aggression of the enemies. The main reason you're going to use it is because it has unlimited ammo compared to the other guns. The problem with this is that it makes the player's skill less important than the randomization and abstraction.In The Binding of Isaac, players could still get through challenges without finding powerful tear upgrades, and it was possible to make the best of a bad situation. In Enter the Gungeon, you will simply not win if you don't get the right guns and passive upgrades. I hate games that make the main mechanic annoying to use, because it just makes the majority of my time spent playing frustrating. One character (The Marine) starts with increased accuracy and faster reload times; making him the superior option for me by default.Speaking of upgrades, Enter the Gungeon slips up on the meta-game component of the design. One of the best parts of The Binding of Isaac was how the meta-game worked.The more you played the game, the more achievements would unlock new content and challenges in game. The game was still beatable from the start, but the achievements made a great game better and rewarded players who stuck with it.In Enter the Gungeon's case, too much of the game's difficulty is tied to unlocking content through the meta-game. At the start, the number of joke or useless items greatly outnumbers the good stuff.As you play more and unlock new options, you'll start to give yourself a greater chance at getting items and guns that help. More specifically, you'll get items that change or upgrade your bullets; in turn, improving not just all the guns you pickup, but your starting gun.You'll find that the game features a number of mechanics that make the game harder and more punishing for the player. Money and key drops are random and sometimes very limited; decreasing your chance to buy new items or get rewards from the multiple chests on a floor. Enemy stats and shop prices gradually increase as you get further into the game and it just feels like the game is constantly punishing the player.  I would have preferred the meta-gameplay to also increase the difficulty both passively and with more enemy variety, but I'm not seeing anything at the moment.There is always that fine line between cheap and challenging gameplay, and I feel that Enter the Gungeon at the moment is cheap. I would either do one of two things: Improve accuracy similar to the Binding of Isaac or Nuclear Throne, or have some better items unlocked for the randomization at the get-go. Right now, it feels like you need everything to go right on the abstraction end in order to have any chance of winning with your skill. Once you've played with the Meta long enough, the game becomes a lot more manageable and beatable, but you're going to have to go through a lot of losses through no fault of your own first.Lastly I noticed two other problems. It felt like there was a delay sometimes with my dodge and other actions; causing the game to be a little choppy. Also, the number of rooms for each floor felt limited; after a few plays, I started to see repeat rooms and situations.Bullet Counting:Overall, Enter the Gungeon is a great start for a rogue-lite and I could see great things for it in the same vein as the Binding of Isaac.If the developers can improve the balance of the game and continue growing out the content, we could have a great alternative to The Binding of Isaac's design. For more on Enter the Gungeon, you can check out my growing playlist of attempts at beating the game on the Game-Wisdom YouTube Channel.If you enjoyed this review, check outGame-Wisdomfor posts and podcasts examining the art and science of games."
,Recommended,311690,31692903,Posted: 11 May,all,IkelU,"This game suck 2 pixels long D,!,C,K,S"
,Recommended,311690,22269256,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ionpath,"Usually to have a spherical view of the game it is suggested that you get to actually finish it before you can make your review. I hardly believe this is the case with roguelikes, since most of the gameplay elements are there from the start and  I believe that you need to spend less time on it so you can make your decision. Coming from Binding of Isaac fatigue (while waiting for Afterbirth+) I saw Enter the Gungeon previews and gameplay footage and I was immediately in love.Made by the same guys who made the Hotline Miami games, the art is unique and stylish , adorable at times and conveys the spirit of the game beautifully. The combat is easy to get into and difficult to master, so expect to try and try again till your brain automates all the moves. The roguelike elements of randomly generated dungeons/enemies/loot/bosses mean that the replayability factor of the game is sky high.Enter the Gungeon is a mix of Nuclear Throne, Binding of Isaac and Spelunky and if you were a fan of any of those games  you don't want to miss on this one.You have a choice of different characters to play as (I'm guessing/hoping there's a couple of more secret ones as well!) each one with a slightly different loadout of weapon and a usable items/passives.You proceed through a randomly generated dungeon, killing anyone standing in your way, rolling and dodging out the bullet hell created by your enemies and hope to get good guns and items.You can unlock new weapons/items by progressing through the game's story, there's several secrets to be found and the fun never stops. You'll die and die again, pushing yourself to become better. It's frustrating at times, but the good kind, the kind that motivates you to become better and play the game some more.Definitely recommended to anyone who enjoys bullet hell and/or roguelike games, and the sheer amount of hours youcan and willspend on this game compared to its price, I'd say that's a steal!Get it while it's hot people and enjoy."
,Recommended,311690,22353043,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,asap Peakdaddy,Like binding of isaac but with guns
,Recommended,311690,22369874,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Based64God,"I'm almost 15 hours in now, so I'll share my thoughts.Fantasticwith the caveatthat the player enjoys challenging reflex-based rogue-like / rogue-lite games as they are.  Make no mistake, while there are RPG elements just like any rogue-like game such asBinding of Isaac,FTL, orRogue Legacy,this isNOTan RPG.  There is no progression in the sense that you start at a higher level or with better gear.  The player progresses by unlocking shortcuts to start at deeper levels, freeing characters, or unlocking more items to broaden the available item pool.  None of these actions affect starting loadout, ever.That said, this is beautiful shoot'em up (sh'mup) and bullet-hell choreography mixed with on-your feet logistics.  Do you spend your shells now to get that amulet which goes well with your build?  Do you wait to see if you need an emergency health or ammo boost outside of random drops?  Do you gamble on getting something better from the higher tier loot pools of deeper dungeon chests and stores?  Do you blow your hard cash on that cool upgrade?  It also helps that almost every weapon, item, and character is a reference or lampoonish parody of existing video game, cultural, or societal icons in a tongue-in-cheek, wry manner.The aesthetic is cute and consistent in the same way asCastle CrashersandScott Pilgrim.  It's definitely distinct and striking enough to stand out on sight.  I rather like the audio, especially the intro and outro themes and some of the boss fight music.  Some find the music rather meh, but to each their own.The whole thing blends into a feedback loop of death and improvement that becomes a meticulous dance of efficiency and skill.  Learning to flawless a floor or a hard enemy is a joy, and the wariness an unknown enemy or boss imparts before conflict is a rush.I'd recommend.Enter the Gungeon"
76561198037179617,Recommended,311690,22357732,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Spartikush,"Solidifying the theory that every game that allows you to shootBEESas a weapon is amazing.Enter the Gungeon is a game that I recommend to anyone who enjoyed playing The Binding of Isaac, Dungeon of the Endless, LuftRausers, and Metal Slug.Overall, Gungeon has good enemies and bosses to fight, (except theLead Coffin, aint nobody got time for that) great weapons, (excluding that one submachine gun that shall not be named) fleshed out characters with personality that add authenticity to the game, and a great soundtrack to listen to along the way.UPDATE: After 100+ hours, I can say that my time spent playing ETG was -and will continue to be- very fun. So many references, puns, easter eggs, and GUNS.It is frustrating to play when you get drop kicked by RNG though. The only oppurtunities I can suggest are some minor bug fixes with weapon/passsive synergies, make the Gattling Gull's spread more forgiving, and remove locked shops. (Ain't nobody got time for that).I highly recommend ETG to anyone who speaks in puns or references, the writing alone would have made this game, if the combat wasn't so tight."
,Recommended,311690,22342608,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,CitiZen,Absolutely Loving this game!!! Starts off easy and gets really difficult later on and if still too easy for you you can always activate Beast mode. Yes there is a Beast mode option in the game. Great variety of weapons. You choose your character and descend into the Gungeon where all hell breaks loose.
,Recommended,311690,30599384,Posted: 18 March,all,ʸᵒᵘʳ Senpai,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ FLIP THAT TABLE.┻━┻ ︵ ヽ(°□°ヽ) FLIP THIS TABLE.┻━┻ ︵ ＼('0')／ ︵ ┻━┻ FLIP ALL THE TABLESಠ_ಠ Child...ಠ_ಠ Put.ಠ__ಠ The Tables.ಠ___ಠ Back. (╮°-°)╮┳━┳(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ NEVER‏‏‏‏!
,Not Recommended,311690,28971735,Posted: 3 January,all,Hackymc,"Is this a good game?  Yes, certainly there is a lot of fun to be had.  However, I can not think of a single person I would ever want to recommend this too.  While the game stands on a beautiful foundation, it was ultimately built up and balanced awfully.The game shuts out too many people.  It is far too difficult for a casual gamer, and so they are shut out.  And for a hardcore gamer, the RNG is so intense, and can ruin so many runs, that there's just no point taking the game too seriously.  Why should I spend an hour+ on a run, only to reach the final boss with only♥♥♥♥♥♥gear and no ammo?  When this happens, and it happens a LOT, the whole hour you just spent feels like a massive waste.  This isn't a huge problem for the standard final boss, and you can generally manage to kill it consistently barring miraculously bad RNG once you get good enough, but it is a massive problem for the post-game boss.  There's just no reason I should be stuck hopelessly shooting at the post-game boss with a T-shirt cannon and a flare gun after an otherwise successful hour long run, when there are so many cool guns in this game.The RNG for some of the dungeon's content is also ridiculous.  In 85 hours or so of gameplay I've never seen a rainbow chest, so that feature might as well not even exist.  I've also never encountered a certain NPC on the second floor of the dungeon who is essential for 2 achievements, and I've seen the shooting range NPC maybe 5 times.  That's once every 17 hours about.  Now I'm aware my luck is probably pretty bad, and that the rates are probably better than what my experience has shown, but probabilities like this really need to be padded to happen, otherwise it's like the content isn't even there for some players.RNG aside, bosses and enemies have too much health, and boss attacks are often extremely random.  This would be okay, but you get a special item if you defeat a boss while taking no damage, and these items are essential to having successful runs.  I couldn't tell you the number of times that I restarted the dungeon because I got hit once by the gatling gull towards the end of the fight.  And the enemy health scales so that later floors lose their fast-paced exciting feel, and become tedious and slow battles of attrition unless you have good room clearing guns (and the ammo to use them).It is important to note that my only problems with this game are in balancing, so it is completely possible for the game to be fixed into an amazing game.  But for now, it is an artificially hard game with no sizeable target long term player base."
,Recommended,311690,22655310,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Frost,gun
,Not Recommended,311690,34362979,Posted: 19 August,all,applebaps,"Enter the Gungeon is a game I do enjoy quite a bit.  However, I'm so deeply conflicted as to some very basic design principles the game uses, that I can't really recommend it in good conscience despite some of its good points.On the surface, this is a gorgeous game with great sound design.  And I think a lot of people will be won over by that enough to get something out of the game.  And that's fine.  But this is by far, by leaps and bounds, the most RNG-dependent roguelite I have ever encountered.When things are going well, when the game sees fit to give you guns that feel good to use, the gameplay on offer here is a treat.  You get to participate in these cinematic-feeling gun battles, flipping around, kicking over tables and sending explosive barrels rolling into crowds of enemies, hammering away with your guns.  It's good stuff.  And the boss battles can be truly intense, stand-out examples of great bullet hell design.  On the flipside, when the game doesn't give you good guns, it becomes a far worse and more tedious slog than even the worst runs in Isaac.The main problem here is that enemies are bullet spongy, and bosses particularly so.  Coupled with a vast selection of guns (of which, less than half are fun to use, and most of the good ones are locked away behind a shop unlock system), and you have a recipe for a massive slog, particularly in the early game when you don't have much unlocked.  Just trying to consistently get past the first floor to unlock the gun shop was a tedious nightmare of dead-end runs.I've played the game long enough now to see some good runs.  I've pulled the lever on the slot machine enough times to see that there's good stuff on offer here, from time to time between hopeless runs spent plinking away at enemies with little to no indication you're doing anything to them.  Every so often you'll get a big laser beam or a prototype railgun or a crystalline machine gun or something.  Those are great runs, because the way those guns feel to fire makes up for the fact that enemies don't really react to being shot in a satisfying way, and some of the good guns have high enough damage to make up for the crazy amounts of HP everything has.  When it's clicking, this is a really great game.The problem is, when it's not clicking, there is nothing you can do but die and pull the lever again.There is a lot to love here.  But I question whether it's worth the price of admission, and whether it's worth the tedium of dealing with it when it's not going your way.  There are a host of roguelites on the market these days, and most if not all of them deal with RNG in better ways than Gungeon does.  EtG has no real mitigating factors for dealing with bad runs, nothing that can help to smooth the curve.  And for that, despite its stellar highs when the RNG is being nice, I have to say I can only recommend it provisionally, to those who are willing to put up with some truly boring, frustrating between-times."
,Recommended,311690,23749617,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,EYYYYYY LMAO,"""I think your wallet needs to reload.""oh.10/10"
,Not Recommended,311690,33162732,Posted: 2 July,all,stormiesttub,"Dont let a thumbs down stop you from buying this game, it is pretty damn good espically if your into these types of games.My issue is it seems almost impossiable to complete solo and with only local coop you will be spending your time wishing you had friends."
76561198064168484,Not Recommended,311690,23157885,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,http://tipofthehats.org Sohirto,"Normally I give a rhyme style to my reviews, but this time I can't do it. Because if I did, I'd be crippling my own actual opinion of this game, which again is a very rare thing to hit with.Look to sum it up this game does music, gameplay, and ideas well. But the problem lies within how nearly all the items, 96% are worthless because everyone wants a gun or a health upgrade. Or an invulnerability status, there is an underlying deal in the story where anyone who enters the gungeon, feels worse and more hopeless each failed attempt to reach the end. And boy, I sure felt similar. I would have great runs ruined by bosses who took ridiculous chains of hits, and say if your RNG is a bag of jerks, and dropped no ammo and you had minimal going in there and are forced to your handgun, the second that happens, you may as well give up. This game does need skill, but nowhere near as much as you need luck. It's gotten to the point where I can't go any run without getting the trigger twins with my standard handgun on the first chamber, and one boss has a ton of HP unless you got a great gun to widdle them down fast, two of them that summon goons does not help.I like the game, but out of my maybe 50 hours of the game or over that by now, I've won twice. And neither have murdered the past. It took me another thousand runs to get the bullet assembled, becuase once again you need the RNG to give you either an item of flight, or the grappling hook, and PRAY to get a weapon to carry you to not only the 4th chamber but through it and part of the 5th chamber.Call me salty whatever, I try my hardest constantly. But the biggest threat in this game to me, is the 4th chamber bosses, or the 3rd chamber common room with auto turrets in it. Because those auto turrets make it impossible to not get hit, and guess what, there is a hidden stat where the longer you go without getting hit, the more likely you are to get drops.Either way to shorten it, this game has no mercy, it is good, and when you do something grand of a scale and get through, it does feel like you accomplished that, but 1 feeling of accomplishment between every 50 stomps is not really that much of a reassurance to keep going. Especially if you lose a run where you did godly until the end because of the game deciding to not give you any slack.  It is a bit pessimistic and the word is thrown around too carelessly, but the best way I can say you go into this game, expecting to lose. And expecting it a lot. Because if you just lose and go right around saying ""I'll get it the next time!"" Then you're just kind of setting yourself up to get more angry, honestly if you lose 3 times in a row that is a good place to stop for a short break.The games great, and fun and challenging, but you can't put an RNG in a game that is known for being high in skill requirement! Unless y'know you're northernlion, that guy pretty much has a lucky clover scarred into his soul. I'd say wait for a sale before buying the game, it isn't worth the price, or at least the price isn't right for the anger given."
,Recommended,311690,28407580,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,sourcescrub,"You will die.You will rage.You will blame it on the game,But it's all your fault.And you will secretly like it."
,Recommended,311690,22626041,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Standin.Rendence,"This game is very fun! Very challenging but very fun, you have to be an absolute expert at dodging little pixelated bullets in order to beat this one. I Hate the q button for the blanks because im so used to q being quickswitch, I suggest you change it unless you want to be randomly wasting blanks! :)"
76561198191609470,Not Recommended,311690,22551267,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,lazyfox55,"RNG... you may never unlock the 2 chars hidden in this game because of the stupidly hard requirements needed to progress. I just did 15 straight runs and never found a secret room, or npc (besides the shopkeep). You can get ""get good"" all you like but when clear a whole floor and get no keys and only 20-40 brass, no new weapon or at least a good one, your still pretty much screwed. This game has DOZENS of guns... most of which are your crapy starting weapon with a paint job. Even when you unlock some good guns, you hold a better chance at getting some of the most useless things in the game... Passives.... most of which are based off of blanks (a very rare resourse) or flipping tables... yaay... tables....Anyway this game HAS a chance, but right now to me at least, this was funner before it was finished. Like it got nerfed, THE WHOLE GAME! nerf'd.Man I miss secret rooms...."
76561198255785079,Recommended,311690,29474753,Posted: 24 January,all,Rexhex,"R U READY TO DIE??? NO WRONG ANSWER!!!THIS GAME WILL PUSH YOU TO THE MLG! MAXIMUM LIMIT AND SOMETHING ELSE THAT STARTS WITH G!SO PREPARE 4 FUN-geon AS YOU ENTER THE GUNGEON!but honestly this game is really fun once you master it, and by that I mean you dont die on the first boss.SO GET GOOD OR GET GUNED!p.s. if there was a character creator I would pay 5X TIMES THE ORIGNAL AMOUNT!"
76561198066205592,Recommended,311690,22360073,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Sprei,The only thing that it mostly needs - online
76561198148101585,Recommended,311690,29657880,Posted: 2 February,all,HaloMenace,"Heres gungeon in a Bullet casing its hard fun addicted and some weapons are serious some are practical jokes the secrets in the game are challenging and its more skill than rng, getting a good active passive or gun might be very helpful but all the time it just comes down to luck or skill"
,Recommended,311690,22388264,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,LHK,This is a Good GameBUT WE JUST NEED CHINESE!
,Recommended,311690,22385676,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,E3.14C,"A 100% accurate review via Youtube:youtu.be/Q5yzSXuauyw-  this is the share link via twitterThis game has thoroughly wooped my♥♥♥♥♥ The game doesn't give you a single chance at all, and when it does it doesn't matter because every other element has an equal chance of ruining your day. From the dodge not being good enough for nearly every boss unless you are BOSS at the game, from everything else not being good enough to compensate for that fact, to every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t room that does instant damage because you are cornered by every living creature in existence, and how horrifyingly bad almost every first floor gun is that ends up hindering your boss fight which in turn gets you killed.Long story short, if you remotely suck at any game don't even think about trying to play this."
,Recommended,311690,22489651,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Jamboozled,Buy it now.
76561197973079056,Recommended,311690,22871224,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,mechanical_man_b,"Anyone who likes bullet-hell rogue-lites, e.g. binding of isaac, will love this. Great atmosphere and a cute, coherent style. Gameplay is great. Controls are smooth and responsive. Anyone with a bit of dexterity can beat the first level with the starter gun, but the difficulty ramps up in a fun, challenging way. I've started to find a few extra characters, and I have to say I'm hooked already."
76561198075005733,Recommended,311690,22857039,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Click Bait,its fun and all i like a challenge but i want to play this with my friends that are away from me i think that would be fun i hope they add a online coop i think alot more people would play it
,Recommended,311690,22882632,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Moon,The first hours are so hard.. but you beat the first bosses few times the game is getting better and better. A good alternative for those how got +200h on isaac.
,Recommended,311690,23547646,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,MarcMallow,"This game is seriously great! I get lost in this game so easily. Today I checked my hours and it jumped from 20 to 106 hours! and i racked up 80-something in the past two weeks! I love games like this where theres a ton of cool items, weapons, secrets, challenges, characters, npc's, all of it! And this games got it! I haven't gotten towards the end of the game yet but I have gotten close before! This game is honestly a masterpiece. I always find myself rambling on about it to my friends and it always ends with ""If this game had multiplayer I'd tell you to buy it so we can play together!"" Which I think it needs and online multiplayer! That doesn't give me a reason to dislike the game anyway. I encourage everyone to buy this game if you have too much free time on my hands like myself. I think I might have around 200-300 hours by the end of the summer if I play at this rate. So much fun! Devolver Digital hasn't let me down with this game and I dont expect them too! Great work on this game this is seriously one of my favorite games!"
76561198058938853,Recommended,311690,24817190,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,KingOfAcesX,"THIS GAME IS FKIN AMAZINGI NEED AN ENDLESS MODEDODGEROLL PLEASE.---------------------------------------------in all seriousness this is a great game with only minor little issues that tick me off involving the RNGthe game feels great, plays as youd expect , its rogue-like bullet hell at its finest.  definetly worth picking up if youre into those kind of games.WHAT I LOVED.-the weapons are over the top , theyre absolutely crazy and fun to mess around with-there are ♥♥♥♥♥ons of unlocks . like I STILL havent seen all the  items/weapons in this game with 80+ hours on record.- endless replayablityWHAT I HATED.-the RNG is so bad that you'll likely get a really cool gun on one run and then never see it again.-the shop keeper frequently has nothing of worth. aside from the essentials like keys and health-the shop keeper can spawn behind locked doors, apon opening he will not have chance of having higher ranking weapons and items or anything out of the norm. giving the player no reason to actually unlock his door unless they desperately need HP or something.- no endless mode! there's only 5 chambers , it gets kinda boring after awhile because there's no time to stack items-NO TIME TO STACK ITEMS, its rare that you'll actually get a crazy run. there are alot of crazy set ups but the odds never seem to be in your favor.- Jammed(hard/rare) enemies arnt gauranteed to spawn more Casing's(currency) then a random standard enemy.-poor item balancing and limmiting, some weapons are really  harshly balanced,EXAMPLE:a lock pick item that can be used, it has a 50% chance of failing or actually working. the problem is , if it fails, it completely janks the chest and you cant open it at all , even if you have a key. items found in the game are suppose to benefit the player , and most of them do, but some weapons and items are just too...normalized.these are minor issues i had in the game that I hope get fixed later down the road , as i said before , its mostly just the RNG. and play session restrictions"
,Recommended,311690,24179038,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Frolgath,"Probably the best twin stick shooter I've ever seen.Plot is not too important in this genre, but the fact that they went to the trouble of ripping the plot of  Hyperion Cantos, a pretty deep sci-fi novel, is impressive.My only criticism is that it is too hard. But then that's roguelikes for you. You have to do something to make a simple shootemup up last longer than five minutes. Commonly this is done by introducing a boring weapon grind. Here that is not the case, they made it hard instead, which is fair enough. It might be nice to have an easy mode so normal people can see more than the first level though."
76561198128289182,Recommended,311690,23563165,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Prpr,"Most of people probably pass this game by, thinking its ""just another rogue-like"" This game is not that. It combines rogue like elements with bullet hell gameplay, making for a very difficult game. Enter the Gungeon is a revolutionary, fun, and difficult game I highly reccomend"
,Recommended,311690,23994195,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,domtransix,10/10 would run again
76561198074004428,Recommended,311690,24087569,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Magnificent Mao,Very good.  it will take you a while to beat and is very fun.  Many things to unlock and play.  Co-op is very confusing and it is a very hectic game.
,Recommended,311690,22844081,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Terror,"After 150 hours of playtime i have finally come up with a review that would accurately represent the game.You are a bullet, that shoots bullets, at other bullets in a bullet shaped dungeon, where you descent with a bullet shaped elevator, in a bullet shaped island, that is on a bullet shaped world. You shoot your way through different bullets to fight a boss thats made of bullets, that shoots even more bullets at you, after that you shoot yourself with a special bullet to kill your bullety-bullet past... by shooting it."
76561198046669119,Recommended,311690,24752920,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,♥ Raw Kittens ♥,i want multiplayer on this please!
76561198045814825,Recommended,311690,27759880,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jawa21699,you can play as a bullet that fightsbullets with other bullets.bullet/10
76561198334241776,Recommended,311690,27775767,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,&TankGirl,its lit
,Recommended,311690,29569712,Posted: 29 January,all,Johann,"Friendly reminder:""GIT GUD"""
76561197988714144,Recommended,311690,29582820,Posted: 30 January,all,gagaan,A trully incredible and fun game with lots of replayability. It would be nice to have a multiplayer.
,Recommended,311690,22686781,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Oshapal227,"This game is an amazing bullet hell game if you like them.... But, even though I'm bad at bullet hell games I still enjoy it."
,Recommended,311690,28769029,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Duck Dodgers,It's gud
76561197982067351,Recommended,311690,25212492,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,DarkiLordito,"Really well made in the beginning, falls off after a while.. You start noticing a lack of guns and ammo, of which you can't do much about it. Sure, you can use your starter pistol to save ammo, but where is the fun in taking 30 bullest to kill a basic enemie? Recommended if you won't play it for too long."
,Recommended,311690,25113839,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Tum-tumz,"When I saw this game on youtube a month before it came out it surprised me more than when dad first beat me with a toaster.I had never played a roguelike before this, and even with me inexperience and the fact im half ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I made it to the fifth floor.I know that I said I discovered this game on youtube but dont go and watch some stupid lets play videos on youtube where a retard shows you the game for you, play it yourself and itll be more fun.Id youve gotten to this point your either a♥♥♥♥♥♥sucking friend, someone who actually wants to buy gungeon even though there are better games you could buy with 20 dollars, or a mindless retard. Either way give gungeon a try cuz even if you suck at csgo you can aim in this game. Reviews are stupid."
,Recommended,311690,30562704,Posted: 16 March,all,Sh4nks,Its like binding of isaac had hardcore sex with a gun.
76561198042850661,Recommended,311690,30275104,Posted: 2 March,all,Wiglink,100+ hours. This is one of the best roguelike games on Steam.
,Recommended,311690,30301892,Posted: 3 March,all,S-Wise,"People say that its a copy of Isaac, i dont really think that. It shares the good things and modernises others."
,Recommended,311690,30018275,Posted: 18 February,all,crocodibli,everything is guns
,Recommended,311690,30144618,Posted: 24 February,all,Mega Ultra Chicken,"Super fun, super difficult, but not in a way that feels unfair. Can't make it past 2nd dungeon... Yet."
76561197987001661,Recommended,311690,26061632,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,Fridge fantastically addictive and filled with Zelda-like challenge!!
,Recommended,311690,26057860,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Hunchy,"Yo, this game is TITE!"
,Recommended,311690,22669579,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Chase The Scrub A Dub,great game just hard has ♥♥♥♥!!!!
76561197988036483,Recommended,311690,22271402,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Rainchor,"All I can think whenever I start playing this game is""Welcome to the Gungeon, we got fun and games.""Then I die."
76561198111857192,Recommended,311690,24171500,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Gary Laser Eyes,One of the best games of it's kind 10/10
,Recommended,311690,24173514,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Correct opinion man,Very hard but very good.
76561198042679829,Recommended,311690,24177556,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,himiko 🅱️oga,why did i get this game again
76561198016941864,Recommended,311690,22485205,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,rollans1991,"Awesome & Addictive! A great mash-up of ""Binding Of Isaac"" and ""Nuclear Throne""."
,Recommended,311690,22316464,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Adenylatcyclase,"BEEEESNo matter if you like your Bees from a jar or from a gun, the game's got you covered10/10 for BEEEES"
,Recommended,311690,22333815,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Sierra Bravo,"Very difficult, very rewarding, and very fun game! The art style is great and so is the game's atmosphere.BUT ILL BE DARNED TO HECK if i didnt want a save feature. Yes I know the whole Roguelike thing involves perma death, but it does get a little tedious dying and re doing each stage. That being said I have heard that the devs plan on implimenting a save feature in the future."
,Recommended,311690,22357526,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Seyla,"Enter the Gungeon has a lot more charm than I initially thought it would. Lots of little events, people to find, lore behind every weapon.. (there are a lot of weapons.) As already mentioned by a lot of people, it does feel somewhat like NT+BoI.The only thing I can name that I don't like about this game is the difficulty scaling mechanic. Of course, with each floor, new enemies introduced that are.. more challenging than the previous floor. But, the old enemies also gain health for every floor.. which doesn't make too much sense, if you are already facing stronger people."
,Recommended,311690,23267477,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Primed Betch,Enter the Fungeon
,Recommended,311690,29550463,Posted: 28 January,all,MrGalactico,"Amazing, There is huge replay value here game is fast and fun reminds me of zelda dungeons and flash games for some reason"
,Recommended,311690,29551660,Posted: 28 January,all,GT 210,great game but you can easly get mad 8/10
,Recommended,311690,31759360,Posted: 14 May,all,ghost of a skeleton,yes
,Recommended,311690,22278845,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Guts,"Very fun, and very challenging. You can tell the developers put a lot of time into this game, as there are tons of levels, mobs, and guns. Not to mention if you die the level regenerates and is completely different from the last one you played on, except for the boss. I'd definitely recommend this to a friend."
76561198257352387,Recommended,311690,31836937,Posted: 19 May,all,N'AIx,very fantastic game but it could be better when we could have an online co-op
,Recommended,311690,24356213,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Zombie Reagan,You can shoot poisonous sharks at living bullets 10/10.
76561198171063067,Recommended,311690,31835437,Posted: 18 May,all,Gimmy,good
,Recommended,311690,29098786,Posted: 7 January,all,Amen,"Don't read the negative reviews. The vast majority of them are a bunch of ""This game's too hard"" kinda reviews.The game runs well from every computer I've had it on (5 now) with almost no glitches (there was only one I came across regarding duct taping two guns together, but after emptying the clip of this gun combo I was able to keep firing) and very easy to get into.The beginning is pretty standard. Go through a short tutorial on the game, learn about the buttons, weapons, dodge rolling mechanics, etc. After that, you can run through the gungeon as many times as you want, and runs are typically around an hour long from floor 1 to 5 (if you go to the secret floors it will be longer, but rewarding more loot to use later on). Most complaints I see from the game are you don't ever have enough keys, and the drop rate after clearing a room is terrible, which are true. However, the game was made like this on purpose, as usually you want to clear the full floor before deciding to open chests. Chests have tiers, you see, and finding plain brown ones reward you with D tier loot (which still has good weapons mind you, such as the Regular Shotgun, my favorite gun in the game) but this lets you choose between opening a brown chest or, if you found a black chest (the best one) opening that. Saying you don't have enough keys is meaningless, because you don't always need them.The other complaint is the drop system. A screenshot of a discord chat with one of the Devs can be found here:http://imgur.com/a/rUeIV...that explains a lot about drop rates, the ""coolness"" perk, things like that. If you're not fond of links, the drop rate begins at 1%, but every room you clear without a drop it increases by some amount up to 80%, so you WILL get a drop eventually. It then resets back to 1%.My summary of game and why you should get it (if you like dungeon crawlers with guns)? Tons of guns, seamless, flowing controls, great humor, local coop (2 player), lots of great secrets, and great, longlasting fun."
76561198053913200,Recommended,311690,28766883,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheTime,"Gun related rougelike.Srsly, if you consider it, buy it. now.10/10 bullets, would die to a boss again.(oh, something else: WarOwl send me.)"
,Recommended,311690,29704875,Posted: 4 February,all,Brendan Fraser,Yee
,Recommended,311690,22646653,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,IHateMyLife,"""ENTER THE GUNGEON"""
,Recommended,311690,22340062,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Rum Ham,"I'm Sorry Rumhamu Chan, i will never sink this many hours into a game again"
,Recommended,311690,22461886,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Timon,"This game is seriously amazing. I have played a number of Rogue-Likes/Lites (like Binding of Isaac (Rebirth/Afterbirth), Rogue Legacy, FTL, Nuclear Throne etc.), and none of those games really compare to this, no matter what many people try to say. Enter the Gungeon is a really, really unique experience and is incredibly well-made - progression-wise, balance-wise, art-wise and fun-wise. If you want a game which you can play for many, many hours, this is definitely a good one!"
76561198169246093,Not Recommended,311690,22697870,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ununhexium,i love the game but it's way too hard there needs to be a easy mode or something where you can put down how many hit points you have to start out kind of like 1-20 hit points because the default is 6. thare is no room for error at all i feel like if you mess up once it's game over.
76561198126855988,Recommended,311690,22874548,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,TK0_H3R0,"Firstly,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥Secondly,This game went beyond my expectations. How? Allow me to explain.Enter the Gungeon is a randomly-generating, gun-shooting, loot-taking, boss-slaying dungeon crawler/roguelike or something. At first I thought it seemed a little... silly. The place is called the GUNgeon, the main enemies are living bullets with cute faces that squeak when they die, the characters are after a 'gun that can kill the past', the bosses looked absolutely idiotic, but then I did what I do best: I threw caution to the wind.And you know what?It's probably my second favorite game now.I quickly got over how silly everything was and soon embraced it all. I mean, the shotgun-toting enemies are shotgun shells. That's awesome. The sniper enemies are rifle rounds. That's hella awesome.The gunplay is lots of fun. Think Nuclear Throne meets The Binding of Isaac, but you have limited ammo and you need to reload. You have more than enough bullets to take you a long way before you need to resupply, and ammo drops are quite scarce. The amount of weapo- *ahem* GUNS you amass can easily circumvent this. Lots of guns to shoot, baddies to slay, bosses to challenge, secrets to learn, and pasts to kill. That's just scratching the surface.Really, what are you waiting for? Enter the Gungeon, already!"
,Recommended,311690,22880905,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Thimo,A bullet hell rogue-like game with great design and a fantastic soundtrack. 9/10
76561198262754859,Recommended,311690,22873356,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SalteDragon,"10/10 The difficulty rating is through the roof but once you get the hang of the game you can beat the first floor or two with just a starter weapon. This game not only requires skill, but talent too."
,Recommended,311690,22296238,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Sock,"Feels good, plays well, still has me coming back even after getting slaughtered, must be a fun game."
76561198042005505,Recommended,311690,29655814,Posted: 2 February,all,Vieversys,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻Enough said...
,Not Recommended,311690,22694031,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Kendov,this game is far to difficult. i would play it if it was possible top play on an easy version. until then i want a refund
,Recommended,311690,22334400,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,boyfriend,"It's like the developers of Nuclear Throne made another gmae, but without cocaine this time."
,Recommended,311690,23821814,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rain_bowws,"really fun and addicive, i restarted a floor about 5 times and each time was different and fun it was not frustrating its enjoyable and well worth the price.9/10"
,Recommended,311690,24098758,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Horny4pony69,great game
,Recommended,311690,22621659,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,수시 [Violet Flamesღ],"This is a really fun game! Dificulty of  the binding of isaac, guns of the amount of like 3 cod games and a rocking into theme, only problem the comic and soundtrack needs to have its own menu or a extras in the settings I almost thought I was riped off and didnt get all those items in the dlcs so gungeon devs plz add a extras option plz"
76561198134636698,Recommended,311690,23868280,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sir Durrgenburrn IV,gun's are epic
,Recommended,311690,30129565,Posted: 23 February,all,evosfgamn xd,Makes Dark Souls look like a Dora flash game.
,Recommended,311690,28619385,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Colonel Popcorn | Skinhub.com,"Hey, that's pretty good! I think its better then binding of Issac and I don't care what my friends say. I'm an independent man who don't need no friends."
,Recommended,311690,28731987,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Lemon,I love this game and hope they keep coming with the updates!
,Recommended,311690,22854758,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Tiamat O'Hairgel,Killed the king with sustained fire from a super soaker.7/9
,Recommended,311690,22345075,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,johnsman,ya
76561198142446816,Recommended,311690,29772171,Posted: 7 February,all,csgospeed.com csgogem.com,"Really great game, but its REALLY HARD"
76561198072398390,Recommended,311690,27848469,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BeefJuice,I can't be bothered to write a 1000 word essay on why it's amazing and simply saying amazing wont help any body. I'm really just here to press recommend.(But it is amazing)
,Recommended,311690,29575696,Posted: 29 January,all,Friky13,I'll git gud one day.
76561198112490139,Recommended,311690,22507571,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,MasonP13,"AMAZING video game! I am going to play this game for hours upon hours. Anyone who likes the binding of isaac, or nuclear throne will love this game. This is amazing."
,Recommended,311690,22483291,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Volcanus Borealis,"A simply charming, challenging rouge-like following the echoed footsteps of games like Binding of Issac and Issac Rebirth, Touhou, Heavy Bullets, and Nuclear Throne. and to boot, Absolutely gorgeous pixel art.Randomly generated dungeon areas, combinable passives and unlockable items and guns, tons of weird weapons (a mailbox that shoots out exploding or poisonous packages? Knock knock!) and a 11.5/10 rated Table Flipping Sim. (extra 0.5+ point is for rocket boosted tables. )While Enter The Gungeon isn't the most challenging bullet hell I've played, it is absolutely among my top favorites. And if you want to swallow some gunpowder try flicking on Beast Mode. (Dear gun-gods help us)I definitely recommend this game."
76561198018229863,Recommended,311690,29520401,Posted: 27 January,all,LT. Thadeu,"Ten thousand times worth it.Everything in this game is excellent, gameplay, graphics, sound...This is a complete rogue-like experience."
,Recommended,311690,29519437,Posted: 27 January,all,Insert_Disc_2,You can be a bullet shooting bullets at a bullet that is shooting at you with bullets.10/10 BEST GAME!
,Recommended,311690,30294579,Posted: 3 March,all,flick,This game is super tough but if you're a fan of Isaac you'll probably dig it
,Recommended,311690,23741976,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,RiceBuckets,"Hell, as someone with no intrest in action games, something in gungeon drew me in and caught me. It's charm is disarming and it's gameplay is murderous. Just do watchout, it is no walk in the park."
76561198039406547,Recommended,311690,23745361,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MentalScars,Fun and addicting
,Recommended,311690,22385305,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,L4MER,Enter the Gungeon? HA more like Enter the FUNgeon!
,Recommended,311690,22630101,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ϟ Jim's Mowing ϟ,"This game is an accurate real life simulator, every time you think you've got the best and shiniest new thing some big bully lets fly at you and you end up beaten to a pulp in the corner crying for someone to give you some heart.10/10 would fail again"
,Recommended,311690,22653695,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,AnotherMaple,"The humor of Borderlands, the dungeon-crawling of Nuclear Throne, and the difficulty of Dark Souls all came together and had one big, beautiful, dysfunctional baby.10/10 would kill sentient bullets with a T-shirt cannon again"
,Recommended,311690,23281265,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,TheZombiePlant,"Wow... Bought this game because it looked like the game I would like. This is my new favourite game. You feel like such a badass when when killer enemies and beating bosses is so satisfying. The only complaint I have is accessing shortcuts on each floor is too difficult, when the engineer wants a certain amount of coins and keys it is down to chance how many coins and keys you get when it should be down to skill. But everything else is epic, I love the design, I love the gameplay, I love the humor and I feel really bad when I kill the trigger twins.Sidenote: It feels like the people who give bad reviews are not really good at this and they are constantly saying the difficulty is too high because it takes a while to adjust to the difficulty"
,Recommended,311690,23545473,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Chao,There needs to be a hug weapon.The bullet people are just too cute.
,Recommended,311690,22360509,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,CybeastID,"It's a really good game, but if the devs could fix that little black character problem plaguing everyone with an integrated graphics card, that'd be great."
76561198043960782,Recommended,311690,26676988,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Eli,Its fun as hell <3 And if you dont like it... refund it
76561198010553452,Recommended,311690,29644415,Posted: 2 February,all,IX MoNsTaR XI,Binding of Isaac + Risk of Rain + Rogue Legacy = Enter the Gungeon
,Recommended,311690,22318872,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Reed  #2,"Let's say Nuclear Throne and Binding of Isaac had a child. And that child would be obsessed with guns, bullets, dadjokes and listened to fast paced music like the Hotline Miami. Said child would be this game.Quite a nice kid, looks charming also. At times the kid is hyperactive, throws things around like an upset toddler, at other times it's quite calm and calculated.Well, all in all the game is well paced, depends quite a bit on RNG (what a surprise), which can both make it easy and hard as rock (as many roguelikes nowadays are). There is some sort of upgrade and unlocking system on the side, where you can buy guns that you'll then be able to find in the dungeons. Something to keep the more casual player interested over long time.Combat is quite similar to Nuclear Throne, especially the rolling mechanic that Fish has. With added invincibility frames (Being able to ""roll through"" attacks). Later levels are like constantly fighting the Big Dog boss.Health management, is somewhat different. You find medkits a lot less often. There's multiple characters... and so on.Let's just say:If you liked Nuclear Throne. Liked Binding of Isaac, and don't mind the game being more wacky and cheerful. Enjoyed the fast pace of Hotline Miami, and it's music. Liked Rogue Legacy's upgrading idea. This game will suit you rather well.If you're not a fan of losing all the progress you made. If you don't like your game depending quite a bit on random number generators. If you can't for the love of your life stand bullethell games. If you don't want to be challenged, and not recieve rewards for your effort. This is not the game  for you."
76561198150319124,Recommended,311690,29534755,Posted: 27 January,all,c10ud,"really good game, challenging but should add multiplayer, and should buf your HP"
76561198206566833,Recommended,311690,28129653,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,2lazy2name,"Really fun game, addicting as well although i wish there was online multiplayer so i could play with friends. That would make it a lot more fun."
76561198061102461,Recommended,311690,28699822,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,LevelWorld,Enter the Gungeon:LITERALLY A BULLET HELL!!
,Recommended,311690,29579484,Posted: 29 January,all,Profsano ☕,"Fifteen words. When i dodge in boss fights, i keep bloody dodging into other random bs bullets."
76561198057381857,Recommended,311690,22872971,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,A1K,Guns dont kill peopleNo noBullets WITH Guns kill people
,Recommended,311690,22909570,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Cam Camino,"I killed a bullet by shooting it with bullets, then it dropped bullets which I spent at a shop to buy magic blue bullets.9.8/10 too many bullets"
,Recommended,311690,24890142,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Je66b,"I was initially turned on to rogue-likes by FTL and Rogue legacy. While i do not enjoy all of them, the binding of issac and maybe tower of guns being ones that comes to mind, i do enjoy most. I would put enter the gungeon up there with my two favorites, the weapon variety is exciting, challenging, and makes the game more fun. its Probably one of my best steam purchases in recent memory.Id reccomend this game at full price and insist at gunpoint that you buy it on sale."
,Recommended,311690,23739247,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[LSLN] Handsome Korean,If Binding of Isaac and The Legend of Zelda had a child it would be this
76561198110209015,Recommended,311690,22617205,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Españolo trollo,"1.It has guns2.It has ridiculous guns3.I went on a rampage with a shotgun full of love, killed a shopkeeper and finished rooms in only a couple of secondsYou want this game.No question about it"
,Recommended,311690,22294142,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,wessles,"Like Nuclear Throne with more weapons and a playable framerate.EDIT:Don't get me wrong, NT was a great game. Because of that, the framerate made me all the more frustrated with it. My eyes hurt trying to track 2D objects at sub-60 FPS, unless I'm standing 10 feet from the screen. I'd recommend this game to people who wished NT had a smoother framerate and / or wanted more weapons."
76561198144308481,Recommended,311690,31797296,Posted: 16 May,all,DGL,"i recomend this gime if you love bullets shooting more bullets at bullets...and if you have no friends and enjoy playing by yourself,because the only thing that sucks about this game is that the co-op,and shockingly this game has no online multiplayerplz add multiplayer....becuasee im lonly...10/10LOVE IT!!!!but seriously add multiplayer....because im seriously lonly..."
76561198253922028,Recommended,311690,23234237,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Doug Dimmadabstep,This is a great game that puts up a great challenge too those who buy this won't regret buying it.
,Recommended,311690,23214296,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,have a boy,There is a shotgun shell that shoots 3 shotguns which when those 3 shotguns hit something they off 3 bullets each.10/10 GAME WITH 200/10 GUN
76561198136318095,Recommended,311690,31320264,Posted: 23 April,all,G O A T B O I,guns. enough said.
76561198058279787,Recommended,311690,29544250,Posted: 28 January,all,AETHEEEEEEEER,Help Me
,Recommended,311690,23854732,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,FISH KILL,Harder than Dark Souls.
76561198042288992,Recommended,311690,23036290,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Wallop!,Enter the Better Isaac.
76561198046495982,Recommended,311690,23039932,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Sum Yung Hoe,10/10 Would review again
76561198003863229,Recommended,311690,22690521,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ItchyMinge,♥♥♥♥ing amazing but PLEASE MULTIPLAYER IM BEGGING YOU
76561198051601424,Recommended,311690,28745581,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jaacii,It´s like Binding of Isaac with guns xDand bigger rooms und more difficult than binding of isaac.
76561198132330909,Recommended,311690,22258399,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Thick Jimmy,"You can flip tables, what more can you ask of a game."
76561198001396851,Recommended,311690,25335799,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Treble110,"This is a game about shooting bullets with guns with your bullets and flipping tables. One time I flipped a table and threw it down into one of the bottomless pits. Moments later, I get an achievement: ""I knew someone would do it"", followed by ""Why?"" It unlocked an upgrade that made my table flips rocket into enemies.This is a good game."
76561197981867244,Recommended,311690,22686885,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,DecadentBrambleBaron,"Note: Enter the Gungeon is experiencing a wave of players who think it's too hard, despite the thousands of people who initially played and gave it high praise. Despite most of them knowing it was a game considered to have a steep learning curve when they bought it, they're out downvoting reviews and making negative ones. You'll want to note, though, that almost all of them say it's an attractive and well designed game if they mention anything other than the difficulty at all.===Spoiler Free Review===This is probably the most detailed game I've ever played. By that I mean, there are dozens and dozens of guns, hundreds of items, lots and lots of enemy diversity, boss diversity. I've been looking for a dungeon crawler for a very long time, and everything I've tried just wasn't doing it for me. Odd, perhaps, that I found what I was looking for in a sort of bullet hell game. But this really does it for me, and I feel very committed to seeing this one through to the end. For that, it's quite hard, but I don't recall being so confident with my ability to play a game in a long time. It's also quite good for a short pop-in play, with short runs taking about 20 minutes, and longer runs taking about an hour.Knowing a little about Enter the Gungeon, I chose it over nuclear throne because it seemed like it had more replayability with item design. Nuclear Throne's playability comes in at the character level, but I was a bit turned off by that game's enemy horde mechanics and its singular and repetitive boss fight. But that's just from someone who's seen a good player play several hours of it.There's a bit of lag or stutter on my pre-SP1 Windows 7 machine, but that's sort of to be expected.==Mechanics==Besides being a so-called 'rogue-lite', meaning you lose your immediate progression when your character dies, there's a long-term loot unlock system which puts new items of your choice into play the more you kill bosses, and also some unlocks for completing certain feats and achievements. It's a randomly generated game, but also has a certain linear element, where you know what sort of enemies you'll be fighting on a map, or what sort of skills a boss might use (but they don't always use skills how you think they will).It's a bit of a bullet hell game with light evasion mechanics, but also a bit RNG loot fest - there's also a bit of a cover system, but that's RNG relevant. Your skill ceiling will depend on what items you get, how often you get ammo for your guns, and what sort of bullet patterns you come up against (blanks, your bailout mechanic, has a limited use with extra RNG pickups, which might be neccisary to use in certain situations). It really makes me feel like a gun slinger sometimes, which is odd for a topdown game. And, I mean, even moreso than Red Dead Redemption with aim assist off (which is how I play it) - mostly because the mouse controls are so intuitive and responsive.There are definently overpowered guns and items, but I think it really depends on how you handle the items you get. There are some that make clearing rooms faster, some that are better at downing bosses, and some that are very situational to enemy types.I haven't played co-op, but it;s certainly an interesting prospect I plan to try in the future.==Story==There is a story here (which is by no means intrusive), and there are lots of secrets to figure out. It's choc-o-bloc full of references for popular culture, and it's very funny, and quite a cute game. So beware spoilers, not only for boss fight mechanics, but all the secrets and story bits and unique guns/items. It'll be a lot more fun to figure this one out on your own.==Conclusion==Overall, I'd recommend this game, at least for the ammount of time I've put into it. If you think you'd not be very good at it, it does seem like a good title to learn bullet hell games (as I'm not very experienced with them and I've seen myself get better and better at it). But you can encounter most of the game's items in the first area over time, and a lot of them are incredibly fun and will put a smile on your face."
,Recommended,311690,22476497,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,MOUSTACHE PARADE,I got a gun what plays pop goes the weasel when you reload it. Buy this game.
76561198287726087,Not Recommended,311690,23129353,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,NE-OHHHHHHH MY GOD PORN?!?!?,"This is a good game, but the problem is that it is not rewarding enough for its difficulty and can become old very quickly especially if you are not skilled enough to get passed any bossed and end up doing the entire dungeon over only to fight a different boss you are not used to and die again and start all over again and do the same thing over and over again untill some how you progress. I am still going to play this game and try my best to beat it, but most of the time i do not enjoy it. This is alot more difficult than its bullet hell reletives like raiden. So if you like a REAL challenge, play this game. Other than that, try it and see what happens."
,Recommended,311690,22348566,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,huu,guns
76561198037562246,Not Recommended,311690,22639684,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,gurukaze,"Has a big potential but it is just too difficult.Especially the bosses and some rooms where you lose all your lives at once.If you don't have the time and will to just sit and play for days while only seeing one tenth of the game because you just exceptionnally get to level three I advise you not to buy this.It's a shame it's that hard with no options to adapt it, really..."
,Not Recommended,311690,24423838,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Jerem,"Like arcade games? Pick it up, BUT:In comparison to nuclear throne this game has Inferior atmosphere, and most importantly AWFUL PACING because nuclear throne was made difficult with the full intention of making players feel like it shouldn't take them long to reclaim what was lost.The assets from this should've been used for NT dlc"
76561198017841144,Recommended,311690,29547165,Posted: 28 January,all,Dagaz,Guns
76561198125589888,Recommended,311690,24629302,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,MintyToast,"Enter the Gungeon is basically Binding of Isaac with guns, bullet hells and more guns. In other words it's amazing. Highly recommend that you buy this game."
76561198062318577,Recommended,311690,24641189,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Thetinyghost,Difficult game. Resembles Binding of isaac and nuclear throne. Reel good stuff tho. The puns are never-ending. Gameplay is still fresh after a 20 hrs playtime.
,Not Recommended,311690,22624780,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,shadoowball,"I personally think this game is too hard for the casual player especially when compared to other similar popular games. Specifically, I feel the enemy HP is too high and the first couple of area's bosses take too long.Other than the above, if you enjoy these types of games and are up for the challenge, go for it!"
,Recommended,311690,23741182,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Holden Cross,You can shoot people
76561198028289258,Recommended,311690,22258876,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Michael Chickson,"If you like Binding of Isaac or Nuclear Throne you can't do wrong buying this game. The visuals are great the weapon variety is great , the characters are fun. If the game matches Isaacs wide selection of items I have yet to discover, but you certainly will get your money's worth."
76561198173452541,Recommended,311690,24465148,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,BroteinShake,"One of the best rouge-likes I've ever played. Filled with humor, great combat, and a wide cast that are all fun to play. Indie gone right. Extremely challenging and very fun, I'm always itching to play more of this indie masterpiece. 10/10"
76561198243884270,Recommended,311690,24653042,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,caL,fun :)10/10 would play more than 5 mins
,Recommended,311690,22479884,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,DavidMcCormick,"Literally ,,BULLET HELL"" ."
,Recommended,311690,23190863,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,HawK45™,"Great Game. Very challenging boss fights that might♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, but you will enjoy soon beating them. Great mechanics, guns, and ideas. However, I find the lack of being able to save your character very irritating. To be honest, what is the point of playing the game if you just want to play for a good 20 minutes and you are forced to lose everything you worked for. That's pretty stupid. Otherwise, great game!"
,Recommended,311690,25277017,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Hutch,"This game is amazing! so much respect to the creators and developers of this game!My only problems with thismake onine co-op please, I want to play this with friends"
,Recommended,311690,28036861,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Honkki,I approve this game.
,Recommended,311690,27841949,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tom Servo,This game has everything.
76561198067239239,Recommended,311690,29970453,Posted: 16 February,all,The bad guy,(╯°o°)╯︵ ┻━┻
76561197985508342,Recommended,311690,29602198,Posted: 31 January,all,mudplayerx,So far it's really fun and challenging. Very fast pace and requires concentration and twitch response/muscle memory to excel at. My only gripe so far is they need a way to cancel the cut scenes like for when you encounter a boss. I don't need to sit there for 5 to 6 seconds and see the same boss cutscene over and over and over.
76561198044095965,Recommended,311690,22324372,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,HennyS,"This game is fantastic. It is also one of the most frustrating games I have ever played. If you like games that are set up for binding of isaac, then you'll be off to a good start of liking this game. Now, do you like games witht the difficulty of DarK Souls or harder? Well great you are 2/2 and should enjoy this game.First we will get into the art and music of this game. The art style of this game is fresh and easy on the eyes to say the least. The music is also very fresh and goes smoothly with the game. As these two factors werent extremely important to me when buying this game i like them both.Now on to game play. This game is by no means easy. When i first started playing this game i didnt make it past level one very often. It's got a learning curve to say the least. The more you play the more you will understand how to roll through enemy fire and to know just how far you can go. The bosses are pretty hard with each level increasing in difficulty for the most part. I have probably docked almost 8 hours into this game and have not beat a level 4 boss yet.  This game can be very dependant on RNG as well. Because say you get two treasure chests you have to hope you find a second key or the shop sells one or you can't even get them both. Even more so if the RNG really wants to screw you and give you crappy guns out of both chests well lets just say you prob aren't going to make it very far.That all being said i still really enjoy this game and would reccomend it for this low price of $15. I would give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,311690,22441302,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,fryguy506,>be me>just beat first boss>ohyegitrekt.jpeg>moves to second area>dies>ohnoes.png>respawns>at first area>no saving>am crying11/2 wood cry again
,Recommended,311690,26595038,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Muffalopadus,"Like guns? Liked Binding of Issac?Its got guns that shoot bullets, it got bullets that shoot guns that shoot bullets, its got randomness, and its got secrets.If there was one bad thing about the game, its that the soundtrack is a little repetitive.  Overall its great though."
,Not Recommended,311690,22629153,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mike Vegas,"After spending some time with this game, I can't recommend it to anyone.For a game based around shooting things, the game punishes you for using the fun or powerful weapons by not giving you ammo.  You will spend the first 10 minutes using the starting weapons hoping that you get a new weapon.  90% of the time the new weapon will be terrible or have so little ammo that it is useless.Consumable drops such as keys health and ammo are few and far between.  You have money to spend in shops on consumables, but the shops are sometimes locked and with no keys dropping cannot use them late in the game when you would really need them.With that said its the repition which really gets old fast.  The first floor is just a grind that offers no challenge after a few run throughs.  And you will be seeing the same enemies all game but with more health to waste your limited ammo.I really wanted to like this game as it has a great asthetic and the setting is fun.  Its just painful to play."
76561198056097390,Recommended,311690,33062236,Posted: 30 June,all,jaungeecongee,♥♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥run like a ♥♥♥♥ing kids gameyou slide around like ♥♥♥♥ing gabe in syphon filter for ps1I get there trying to go for a vertain vibebut its like they want you to experience♥♥♥♥♥♥mexhanics
76561198114070344,Recommended,311690,33506425,Posted: 13 July,all,Skyturtle,"Fun, yet insanely challenging. Nothing really much to say, if you enjoy BOI, you'll definitely like this."
,Recommended,311690,23815047,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Josh,"See the reason I usually don't like roguelike games (specifically The Binding of Isaac) is because as a person who is bad at these games, when you lose in a run, you get nothing out of it. But in this game, in every run you are going to be unlocking new guns, saving new NPCs etc. I love this game sooooooooo much even though it is so difficultPros:You shoot bullets to kill bulletsIt's funHardAlways getting stuff out of runsCons:Nothing"
76561198109815449,Recommended,311690,29560037,Posted: 29 January,all,solomspd,basically binding of issac but slightly better
,Recommended,311690,23123216,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SUCC SEED,"this is a really good game that is very slightly brought down by questionable balancing... but luckily for you pc gamer, cheat engine exists and its entirely possible to experience the tons of weapons/items without removing the difficulty of the game. i recommend only using cheat engine until you've unlocked a plethora of weapons/items because it can be pretty defeating getting consecutive♥♥♥♥♥♥tier weapons that won't last you past the first floor.  otherwise the music excellent, art excellent, story bits are really neat andDEAD EM AND DOWN IM CHOPPIN ROUND AFTER ROUND AFTER ROUND"
76561198003624498,Recommended,311690,23127133,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,echoBr00tal,so awesome... just buy it
76561198040160684,Recommended,311690,23126065,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Bioked,"A mix between dungeon crawler, bullet hell and rogue like. Highly addictive with tight controls and great design. Gungeon has many similarities to Binding of Isaac, but secures its superiority by having more interesting and fair gameplay and not falling into the issue that BoI had where many runs were boring due to bad items. Definitely recomend."
76561198038902475,Recommended,311690,34204190,Posted: 12 August,all,sitesb,"So, let's start with the bad.  The game is hard, cheap, and massive amounts of content are locked behind roll-of-the-dice luck.  This is not a game you win by skill or learning, but one that you win simply by playing it over and over again.  If that isn't your thing, then don't buy this game.Now that the bad part is clear, let's cover why you should buy this game.  It's genuine fun, if frustrating.  It has a lot of humor, spread thin but remains frequent enough to be amusing.  It's truly a blast with a couple of other people.  It's got unlocks that will require hours of play to even start scratching the surface.This isn't a good game, a balanced game, or even a fair game.  It's a slog, designed to keep you coming back with random chance rewards as a carrot.  This being said, it's fun with other people and without the end goal of success.  If you go in with those expectations, then your in for a good time.  I want to hate this game intellectually, but in the moment it's put together well enough that all the flaws are entirely forgiven."
76561198098229284,Recommended,311690,24728843,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Don Fluffles,"This is easily the best built rougelike game I have played. Almost all of my deaths so far have been my fault, and with one or two exceptions, but I brought those upon myself. Unlike binding of isaac, were I felt like the game just threw me a middle finger with a situation that I could not complete from time to time.The game is much more skill based than luck based, which for a rouge like game, is pretty cool to pull off. However, the game is very hard. I have only made it to the 5th floor twice, and have gotten my *** handed to me by the boss both times.Overall, it is its own, fantastic game that binding of isaac fans will likely have a lot fun with, just be prepared for a much more difficult experience. The early bosses are on hush levels of difficulty, good luck and keep on dodgerolling.Also there are a lot of puns, (they are actually clever though, mostly)."
,Recommended,311690,24589148,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Shalashaska Ocelot,It makes me question my existence also i hate thwomps
,Recommended,311690,24769215,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Kira (Wild Gaming),"Great game and all, but it is WAY too hard for me. So you can try this out, but be warned. It is REALLY HARD and I mean REALLLYY hard."
,Recommended,311690,25372540,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Doctor Raaat,"This game is the result of Nuclear Throne and Binding of Isaac getting freaky.Like, really freaky.In an alleyway."
,Not Recommended,311690,22759094,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,guro,they took nuclear throne and made it stupid with binding of newgrounds♥♥♥♥♥♥and i don't like it
,Recommended,311690,33912496,Posted: 30 July,all,Hayden Stream,♥♥♥♥dis game (rat)
,Recommended,311690,22362001,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,labtob,A must-buy for any Binding of Isaac fan.
76561198102503528,Recommended,311690,22888477,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Glucose Guardian,"Overall a really great game. Good level of comedy, loads of creative weapons, bosses and enemies and always has me coming back for more. But the only thing i dont like is the lack of co-op, i know it has local co-op after you beat it once but it needs to have online co-op that you can access without having to beat it."
76561198276024600,Recommended,311690,33758132,Posted: 23 July,all,r2d2401,found gamelike binding of isaacliked gamebought gameplayed game1st bossdedkept tryingkilled bosskeep playing2nd bossdedkeep tryingkilled boss3rd floorded10/10 would gun again
76561198094182935,Recommended,311690,28160168,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Velotamer,I entered the Gungeon.  I never came back.
76561198167955618,Recommended,311690,23371971,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Homertex,This game is easyJust dont get hit
,Recommended,311690,30152671,Posted: 24 February,all,Blackened67,great game buy pls no friends
76561198063550143,Recommended,311690,30177418,Posted: 25 February,all,rjtheawesome,just buy this game
,Recommended,311690,34739738,Posted: 4 September,all,DEIVID98,Asombroso
76561198042799035,Recommended,311690,34423556,Posted: 22 August,all,Cron,If you dont like guns this isnt a great game i guess.
,Recommended,311690,23136076,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,avatarronn3905,Great game with many great mechanics that just work together
76561198067240754,Recommended,311690,31596094,Posted: 6 May,all,Deathknight,Its nice but to hard
,Recommended,311690,31881952,Posted: 21 May,all,markp,good game
,Recommended,311690,28264485,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,✪ Ⓐⓖⓤⓛⓞⓖ ✪,"Este juego es muy entretenido tiene variedad de armas y personajes , considero que es un buen roguelike,bullethell que han hecho en años lo recomiendo al 100% vale todo el dinero invertido en el tiene buen calidad de diseño y una entretenida historia que te llevara a querer entrar y descubrir los secretos de la Armazmorra!!!"
,Recommended,311690,23429156,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,H@m-M@n,Eh.
76561198080448234,Recommended,311690,34910919,Posted: 12 September,all,Chris Aldalta,"Definitely for hardcore, reactive players.Every run relies a little too much on decent RNG compared to skill than it probably should, but the game itself is very solid and well made.8/10"
,Recommended,311690,22870505,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Nick Crompton,This game is super addictive and super fun! Defintely a great buy and a great dungeon-crawler!10/10 would rate again
,Recommended,311690,23322371,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Misery,"Alright, so, after lots of time with this game, I figure, about time for a review.  And please understand while reading this that I\'m a pretty negative individual, so keep that in mind.Enter the Gungeon is an Isaac-style game, a rogue-lite where you explore dungeons, find items, dodge bullets... you know the drill.   Gungeon though is more difficult than Isaac ever was, and has a big focus on the different guns you find, and the different attack patterns that enemies use, which are a little more complicated than something like Isaac (but not by all that much).Many of Isaac\'s mechanics remain, for example, active items that you can use whenever they're recharged, keys to unlock everything, passive items that do who knows what, and, well.... some, *ahem*, ""synergies"", more on that later, but note the sarcastic quotes there.The basic gameplay is pretty typical, with the controls working nicely.  You can move and shoot of course, you can dodge roll, and you have to reload your guns when your current clip runs out; with some guns, reloading will DO things, sometimes very weird things, and that's something the game does well, is making the guns interesting.  HOWEVER, the constant need to reload means you arent actually FIRING those guns nearly as often as you would in any other game.  And this is a HUGE problem with Gungeon:  it has this focus on these guns, but then does every freaking thing imaginable to KEEP YOU FROM USING THEM. Or at least that\'s how it feels, and the ""feel"" of a game like this is pretty important, at least to me.  Just wait till you see what happens with the item drop rate in this game, for instance... including ammo.  Inflating enemy HP over the course of the game (one of the worst mechanics in the genre, to me) often encourages players to HOARD ammo instead of USING it, causing them to go through the first few floors very, ***VERY*** slowly using just the starting guns.  You dont HAVE to do this (and I dont, but many players do), but at the same time... the game isnt very well balanced, and it's absolutely not rare to reach the final couple of floors and have next to no ammo.   The game SEEMS to want to be skill-based instead of RNG-based, but it gets this very wrong, and if anything, is just as RNG as Isaac.  Except without you needing synergies.  Oh, and about the synergies in THIS game:  They're arbitrary.  One VERY specific item plus one other VERY specific item will create a pre-made synergy, which are listed in the game's wiki.  As opposed to items that can possibly synergize with all sorts of things (like in Isaac).  Oh, that'll almost sorta happen every now and then, but mostly it's the arbitrary ones only, so dont expect big synergies to be a thing here. Not that the items arent fun, mind you.Enemy design is fairly interesting, bosses are... okay, I guess.  Too many bosses use the \""we couldnt think of something better"" random spray attack, which is unfortunate (luckily, each has rmore than one attack, of course).  Other than that they\'re decent enough.The game is SLOW though.  REALLY slow.  Bosses, for instance, have way too much HP.  Think of Isaac, fighting Gurdy with a very low damage build, right?  Except for this game, it\'s like that with EVERY boss unless you have a ""boss killer"" type gun.  Dont have one?  Well, tough.  Spend the next 2000 years in the boss room.  Theres other things that make the game have a very slow pace too, but I only have so much room to type here...All in all, this is a pretty ambitious game, but... I constantly get the feeling that it needed way more time in testing to get rid of the screwy balance issues.  Hell, even just items alone; too many items tend to be A: very weak, and B: VERY expensive, when very weak.  Ammolets, for example... useless.  But some of the more expensive items in the game.  Who thought THAT was a good idea?  Sigh...  there's alot of examples like that.  Not that you'll be buying items all that often.  Most of your money will go to buying keys, when you\'re at the Key Factory- er, I mean, the shop.  Or at least, that's how it'll feel (and I keep using that word for a reason).I enjoy the game well enough at this point, but I have a very hard time deciding wether or not to recommend it (which should say something here).  For now... I'll give it a thumbs up, but I very strongly suggest watching some LP vids of it before buying.  If you can deal with it's quirks though, you're probably going to have a pretty good time with it.EDIT:  Oh good, Steam, let's insert ""\"" marks in random spots.  Gee, yeah, that's helpful.  Like a Youtube glitch.  Ugh.  At least I can edit them out."
76561198099662976,Recommended,311690,24521591,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Gabs,"In my opinion, it is better than Nuclear Throne, and from what I've seen of Isaac, better than that too. I am TERRIBLE at Gungeon, but it's fun and from what I've heard, the multiple endings based on character are amazing. There are puns everywhere. In the guns, the enemies and the bosses.Pros:PUNSFUNHARDREFRENCES (From other games)Cons:I'M BAD (Not the Game's fault)I absolutely recommend this game if you want countless hours of fun (and anger, maybe)."
76561197991791841,Recommended,311690,24724436,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,BenDTU,"There is a gun made of wood that shoots explosive acorns, and it's basically my favourite gun, which is super weird.Oh, and the game is awesome as well. You should play it."
76561198135799933,Recommended,311690,34855916,Posted: 10 September,all,местный Пидор,The Binding of souls bullets.
76561198031574994,Recommended,311690,32421884,Posted: 14 June,all,PanzerJagerV,Best game of 2016 in 2017.
,Recommended,311690,22529164,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Insomniac Leopard,"As someone who plays Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne regularly, I can vouch that this game blends a lot of what makes both of those great while adding just enough of it's own concepts, humor and gameplay changes to make it stand out on it's own and keep things fresh. Everytime I Enter The Gungeon(tm) I find something new about the game that makes me want to keep playing for hours on end. That said it's not the perfect game, if you do not like roguelike games or bullet hell frantic action then this game is probably not for you, I'd say the difficulty is pretty moderate somewhere between managable and hard, don't expect to just jump in the game and get a perfect run every time as the game is randomized from the enemies you fight to the items you get (certain enemies only show up on certain floors, same with bosses etc) but all in all, if you enjoy running and gunning, dodging swarms of bullets, somewhat difficult games, adreneline, guns, humor, cute enemies, shooting cute enemies, and a beautiful pixel graphic art style, then this is the game for you. Enjoy, and I hope one day you too can kill your past.TL;DR: If you enjoy Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne, this game is worth the cash to shell out for another experience similar to those while staying fresh on it's own. I give it a solid 9.5/10 because it has a lot of what I look for in these types of games."
,Recommended,311690,22381297,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Rofl_Lobster,"Nuclear Throne meets Binding of Isaac.TL;DR 7/10Enter the gungeon is a fast paced twin stick shooter with heavy rogue-like elements. Let's hop right into the positive here. It's fast. It's got amazing art. It's got amazing music. It has that one more run mentality. You dive down into a randomly generated dungeon with one of several characters, and see what happens. The bosses are great, and anyone who plays other bullet hell games (Touhou being my poison of choice) will immediately recognize patterns and pick it up. It even has some really clever boss patterns that I won't talk about because you've got to see them yourself.I normally love a game like this, HOWEVER, it has a few issues right now. Holding down the trigger doesn't auto reload. This is like playing isaac and picking up chocolate milk. Or any charge attack weapon in any game. Except this game HAS charge attack weapons. On a semi-auto like a rifle, this doesn't matter. But when you get one of the weaker damage but automatic weapons, you're unloading and now have to depress, and click again, then click again when it's loading. You can hit R, but it doesn't feel right during combat.Also, while the characters look great and feel like they've got some neat flavour, they all feel very similar. A large part of this is because the default guns do very similar damage and don't really have any unique effects. Which leads me to my final complaint. There just isn't enough pickups. What makes isaac fun, nuclear throne fun, etc etc, is picking up new items that change your game. Here, the majority of items you find are active items (whose effects range from great but one use to mostly useless). You also find a few passive items that effect an ability you have that will likely only be used once or twice on the boss (who are immune to the effects). Having more items that add variety to your shots, stats, or something else would really make this game something special.Right now I have to rate it a 7. I enjoy the game, but it's just missing a few key features for me. Please note i rate games with a 5 being average so this is by no means a bad score. I think it's a solid game with potential."
76561198057390261,Recommended,311690,22491949,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,I Like Washing My Hands,"Difficult. Very fun. Scratches the roguelike itch while making you look in the mirror and ask yourself, ""What is wrong with me?"" when you lose on the second floor, 10 hours into playing. The game is very well made. It looks great. The environment, the guns, the animations, all well done.When you play Enter the Gungeon, you constantly compare what this game has done to what similar titles have, such as TBOI and Nuclear Throne. Then, you see how this game did it better. Lots of mechanics to prevent exploitation: Items disappear if you leave them on the ground, meaning you can't just save your armor to pick up right before the next floor like you do with Eternal&Soul Hearts in TBOI. The Gun ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ will only give you so much before ""falling asleep"".The story and secrets are also a treat to simply discover as you play the game. It is interesting and engaging, driving you to do better on your next run.With TBOI I just looked up everything there was to know. This time, with Enter the Gungeon, I am more than willing to take the time to find out for myself."
,Not Recommended,311690,22492081,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,VertiBRO,Don't buy. RNG ♥♥♥♥s you over too hard.
,Recommended,311690,22444091,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Mugen,"This game gives you the kind of difficulty that makes you want to break your controller but, the same difficulty to make you want to pick up the pieces of your precious device and try again.The gameplay is short and simple, a nice bullet HELL ( emphasis on the hell ) and a mix of the Rogue-like. It really makes you take every action you take into consideration whilst also making sure that your consequences are completely justified.My only complaint is the lack of online co-op, but, hopefully we can get that in another patch.Search for new guns and go through some of the greatest boss fights I've seen in a game like this.10/10 would shoot a bullet with a bullet again."
76561198122830679,Recommended,311690,22527455,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Zenith,"Very fun, lots of replayability and easy to jump into!"
,Recommended,311690,23478562,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,pepsi man,"-Die-get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off-spend an hour consoling yourself, telling yourself your not really that bad-convince self to try again-die again10/10"
76561198057030986,Recommended,311690,23531100,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ShippudenGaming,Hard but fun
76561198175830849,Recommended,311690,23890474,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MommaDubba,"i keep on having a recurring bug whenever i start the game it just black screens,then freezes plox fix :("
76561197999318501,Recommended,311690,32956869,Posted: 28 June,all,Ricky'Rooster'Thunderpants,This game is hard. Very hard. But its really fun and rewarding! All the guns feel different and some of those are just hilarious.i give it a good 8/10
76561197975934682,Recommended,311690,22308574,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Feylix,"Hadn't heard about it before I saw it was compared to The Binding of Isaac, at which point I instantly bought it, and just a few hours in, I see it's absolutely worth its cost."
,Recommended,311690,28178768,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,䷃䷋䷃䷏䷀ ䷴䷼䷝,"If I had to describe this game in three words, they would be ""one more go"". If I had only two, then ""gunfight sim"". Take cover, reload, line up your target and unload a magazine into its chest. Repeat.Enemy projectile speed is spot on, not to fast as to be undodgeable. But not so slow as to not be challenging. I normally don't like games which I might categorise as a ""grind-fest"", but this game never really feel like you need to play for lost of hours to unlock the power to win. But rather that albeit extremely skilled player could possibly finish it without unlocking anything. Although unlocking more equipment does generally make things a little easier the playes odd remain pretty much consistent from the first playthrough to the 300th.Although there are TONS of guns/items/NPC's/secrets to unlock. So it should keep you busy for a while. I've racked up over 30 hours in the past couple of weeks alone. And I'm only about 60%-70% through the game with about %20 of achivements unlocked.Being a ""rogue-like"" the RNG can sometimes screw you over. But restarting is pretty quick and painless, especially early in the game. You always start with the same weapon and tend to find weapons that you have already unlocked. Oh and the default method for activating the screen clearing ""blanks"" by clicking both sticks is a bit awkward, and always seems to switch my weapon.I got it on sale, but I'd have to say it's well worth the full $159.2/10"
76561198178450085,Not Recommended,311690,22770498,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,lchesbr,Too dificult
,Recommended,311690,29506667,Posted: 26 January,all,Detective Technology,"Addictive, challenging, tons of re-play value. Great game.My only criticism is too much water 7.2/10 IGN"
76561198029592375,Recommended,311690,22525459,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Arcadio Buendia,"This game is very good, seriously. I love it. Go play this game.I like difficulty, bosses, incredible number of guns and items, challenges, secrets, musics, ...BUT :This game is NOT a fusion between Isaac and Nuclear Throne, it's just a Binding of Isaac with guns.Weapons feedbacks, impacts, and SOUNDS (!!!) are poor, weak, and / or slow. Even with a minigun you feel weak, like shooting with a baby toy, or some Isaac tears. Are we talking about guns ?The dungeon mechanics of Enter the Gungeon ( isaac inspiration ) are very good, but the fighting parts of this game (guns) should be more inspired by Nuclear Throne for better feelings,  better funny experience.AND : ennemies have too much HPThe rest of the game is awesome."
76561197971129022,Recommended,311690,22526082,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,StormCloud,"Hard as nails, be prepared to get ticked off. Still a fun game, but you have to be in the mood to have your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you."
,Recommended,311690,22528651,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sadness,"Bullet hell meets rogue-like meets addictive loot drops? Yes please!I've always found bullet hells to be daunting as it looks completely overwhelming, BUT Enter the Gungeon has a few gameplay mechanics like dodge rolling to help give you a crutch. However, when that moment comes when you can see the pattern of bullets and intricately weave your way around the chaos, you feel like you suddenly understand Matrix level coding. It's incredibly rewarding through difficulty and there's a sense of progression. You can gain currency that allows you to unlock items (to be found in the gungeon). There's over 200 guns that range from standard pistols and shotguns to alien blasters and a literal barrel gun that shoots out fish.The only downside is there's no  mid-gungeon save. Some runs last an embarassingly short amount of time, to an hour long delve, but it does do a great job of compelling you to play more!"
76561198216189669,Recommended,311690,25183190,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,이진혁,I wnat to know the name of blacksmith in forge.What's her name?
76561198002590521,Not Recommended,311690,22329845,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Friarfly,"Edit: Its a tough choice whether or not to recommend this game. Ultimately I don't because it's not what it says onthe box (you will spend most of your time without a fun gun) and could be made so much better so easily. If they change this to where you actually get fun guns (like actually getting to use the guns you unlock with hegemony dollars) I'll change my review to positive because that's what I thought i was buying based on the previews and screenshots.The previews make it look like a run and gun shoot em up full of fun guns and bad guys. I was expecting something geometry wars-esque, lots of shooting and bad guys and deaths.In reality its an extremely hard game (kind of like the baby of dark souls and teenage mutant ninja turtles) where you spend most of your time on the first level with a POS gun. The gameplay is great when you have a fun gun, but you dont get to use fun guns (literally the main focus of the trailers and screenshots) very often. I consistently don't have anything other than the POS starter gun even when I get to the first boss. And dont get to excited about beating that boss (which took about 3 hours for me) or finding a fun gun, because if you die you restart the whole game and are left with no fun guns again.I do like that the game is hard. It was so rewarding to finally get down the first boss. But give me something to make the first level (where youll spend most of your time) more fun. If the trailers/screenshots were honest they would be 90% the first level with a very bad and boring gun.It could be improved so easily. Even just getting rid of keys would be a huge step forward. Chests are rare enough, there are plenty of crap item drops from chests, then on top of that theres a good chance I wont even be able to open it? And on top of THAT if you do get a fun gun the ammo is so limited that the gun you were only going to have for 5 minutes wont even last that long anyway.TL;DR this game needs a nerf to allow you to ACTUALLY USE FUN GUNS LIKE THE TRAILER CLAIMS"
76561198047852650,Recommended,311690,22274639,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Darkghost,"I can shoot bullets at bullets that shoot bullets 10/10Now lets get on with the review.It would be easy to compare this to nuclear trone but i personally feel like this game has the better half,Here are some of the things i realy enjoy about gungeon-The whole gun theme hit it out of the park!-Tons of gun variety, From letter guns that spell bullet to mermaid shotguns to a straight up bee hive, and this is just the top of the over 290 gun iceberg, and yes, pretty much every gun is very diffirent from eachother.-Hard but fair difficulty, ''You don't win, you just get a little beter every time'' -cleveland-Realy fun (only local) co-op-hundreds of hours of replayability!-Runs like butter on smooth 60 fps.-Tons of table flipping action!-Much much moreAny cons?Maybe the fact that their currently is no save&quit option. but this is coming in an future update thankfully.So do i recommand gungeon? You bet your♥♥♥♥♥i do!"
,Recommended,311690,34847721,Posted: 9 September,all,TeraTheTerabyte,"i love this game so much, its very awesome, the pace, the music, the graphics, the characters, the items its great. But i amverydisplesed with the saving mechanics of this game its all temp files, the saves are a one time thing, if you use your continue thats it when you exit the game or you dieafterusing it there's no goin back to where you save you lose all your items and have to start over...i am hoping that this major update that is coming out ""soon""  will bring with it a better, more fair save to the game. That is literally the only thing that kept me from getting rid of this game forever and /or getting a refund. Now don't get me wrong like i said i love the game but im not about to sink hours upon hours constantly starting over and losing my item, it took me 3 to 4 hours to beat chamber 1 only to die shortly on 2 just to be sent back to 1, no thank you, for those of you that don't mind that go for it its one B.A game for the others that are on the fence or considers that a deal breaker i would recommed waiting for the details about the update to come out before making a final decision."
76561198037228439,Not Recommended,311690,22708772,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,mp280379,"Alright, at 1st glace this looks likea good game but sadly it as 1 major issue that to me it makes it a deal breaker... this is the kind of game that doesn't respect the players time.What I mean is no check points no nothing just keeps on going on and on and if you die you lose everything.So you could have run a dungeon for around an hour or so and if you die and you have essentially wasted that hour.If at the very least there was a check point or would be allowed to return to the hub between stages to ""save"" your progress and not lose everything then at that point it would be fine but sadly no such thing."
76561198083628862,Not Recommended,311690,22618269,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,RedRage Gaming,"So far I've only been able to locate local co-op, really hope later on in the game they'll add online co-op. Without this option the game isn't as fun. Still a great game if you want to solo, but for me its a must for this game"
76561198042415021,Not Recommended,311690,22467838,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,gdarf,"This game is incredibly hard for me as a begginer, there are aparently hidden rooms that I have no idea how to get into even though i looked up a guide. It took me around 10 tries to get passed the first floor because at that point I have my begginer guns and some basic usually really bad gun, blanks are weird to use and you only get two of them which is small considering you also have to use them to get into hidden rooms, according to the guides i used. I thought this game would be a relaxing game where i shoot baddies get better guns shoot more baddies and repeat. instead you use the same 4 characters with the same wepaons and items and hope the random spawned dungeons have spawned with great items, the only form of progress is some easter eggs and acheivments. This game is a lot harder than i had expected and a lot harder than it should be at early levels. this game is overall extremly frustrating with the lack of progression, quests and difficulty (especially at early levels)."
,Recommended,311690,31851449,Posted: 19 May,all,Nosiyboy850,luck dosen't exist on this game only skill
,Recommended,311690,23476988,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,monkeyboyisbomb,LOVE IT! One of the best games on steam. A must get if I do say so myself
,Recommended,311690,23679677,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Spoopy Doop,7.8/10 too much gun
,Recommended,311690,23180766,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Nefiji,"Negatives first: This game is a RNG mess. To the point where you have to restart a specific run due to not enough necessary drops. Or you get screwed because of no good weapons or no ammo drops. Even the randomly generated rooms can put you at a disadvantage. I really don't like this aspect of the game.Besides that it's a great rouge-like bullet hell game. It feels and looks great, the music is catchy and the boss designs are hilarious. It really is fun to play and there even is local coop if you plug in a controller to your PC. The coop feature is thought out well and a whole lot of fun while still being as challenging as playing solo.Just keep in mind the random nature and permadeath when buying this game."
,Recommended,311690,22262451,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,A Scared Little Girl,"Great game. Love the mechanics.It's as if Nuclear Throne and Binding of Isaac had a baby.It takes Nuclear Throne's run-and-gun style of combat and combines it with Binding of Isaac's loot system.The great thing is, it takes from Binding of Isaac the concept that every item is useful/viable in its own sense. And although RNG can make both games much easier, RNG isn't actually required to beat the game.I also love the modular dungeon generation, much like in Rogue Legacy. There are some individual tiles that attach to each other with certain spawns, and no immersion breaking map overlaps. Also like Rogue Legacy, there is a way to impact your future runs with your previous runs by using the credit shop. It's a great system that doesn't simply increase damage and health numbers, but allows the game to gradually add more diversity as you continue to play.I look forwards to this game's future developments, and you should purchase and enjoy this game as well."
76561197970401813,Not Recommended,311690,22732180,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Jon Flatul,"Lovely game at first glance, but it gets repetitive quite fast, mainly due to its badly implemented randomness (at least in my opinion). ""Uniquely fantastic guns"" sounds good. However, I often find myself sticking with the starting pistol because the drop may have been ""unique"", but turned out to be somewhat useless in terms of helping me defeat this bullet-spongy boss. I need some sense of progression, but rinsing and repeating the first two dungeons isn't that fun."
,Recommended,311690,23505947,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,PAssioN -,Now this is a hard game. very very very hard game. YOU WILL DIE. harder then dark souls tbh
76561198011861037,Recommended,311690,22296130,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Tarmack,"An excellent take on the roguelite genre with great variety in items, reasonable variety in level design and a solid difficulty curve.  What it may lack unique mechanics, it makes up for with attitude and style.  Worth a look at full price, and a must have on sale.First Impressions Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UijnBl7Vu2g"
,Recommended,311690,34808937,Posted: 7 September,all,Mad Hatter,"I cannot stop playing Gungeon. Please buy it. It was on my wishlist forever and I finally gave up on finding a sale and right now as I type this it's on sale and I already bought it.Ain't even mad.It was worth it. 38 hours and counting, keep 'em comin. This game is sick as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197968547326,Not Recommended,311690,30658114,Posted: 21 March,all,The Despair Uranus,"This game is so close to being good that it's aggravating. When you've got an interesting gun, the game is really fun.Unfortunately, you're going to spend the majority of your time with the boring starting semiautomatics. In my experience, it's rare to find a better weapon on the first floor. You're more likely to find an upgrade on the second or third floors, but that's 15-20 minutes into any given run of the game. Every time you die, you get to spend another 15 minutes with the starting guns.And that's a problem, since the enemies are absolute sponges. The most basic enemy in the game takes three shots to kill (and gets hardier on lower floors). On the first floor, you'll find several enemies that take multiple clips to kill. The easiest of the first-floor bosses takes 190 bullets to kill if you don't find any upgrades on the first floor. That's 19 reloads of the Marine's weapon, assuming you don't miss any shots.Even if you do find an upgrade, a powerup, or a new gun, odds are it will not be particularly helpful. Most basic guns have comparable DPS to your starting weapon, and many of those have drawbacks. The Helix, for instance, does not hit enemies directly in front of you, and the Blunderbus has a charge time before firing. Other upgrades provide little benefit, such as the one that makes your screen-clear bomb also poison (which is overkill, doesn't hit all enemies, and can only be used a handful of times in any run) or the upgrade that causes enemies to take contact damage from you (they still often deal contact damage to *you*, but now it's a trade). Amazing items exist, but you just won't see them in the first half of the game (and that's where you spend the vast majority of your time).There is a shortcut system, but for the life of me, I could never gather the resources needed to open one up. Opening the shortcut just to the second floor requires making a run through the first floor without taking damage, and then making another run through the first two floors without buying anything or opening any locked chests. Two floors of just the bog-standard pistol you start with--the one that takes 190 bullets to kill the first boss, and even more to kill the second.All of that said, the shooting and dodging mechanics are pretty fun. The music is good, the art is phenomenal, but the game is just a serious slog. It's a rogue-lite where you can go several play sessions without finding anything new. It's a top-down shooter filled with bullet-sponges. It's an RPG-lite with no character progression. It's an adventure game where all the world- and character-building is behind a skill wall. It's an action game with unskippable cutscenes. I want to recommend this, but as it currently stands, it's just not a good use of your time or money. Pick up Risk of Rain or Nuclear Throne if you're looking for a better rogue-lite."
,Recommended,311690,22545305,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,LOLIMETH,"This game is excellent, but it just wasn't for me."
,Not Recommended,311690,22576234,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Gravy,"I can only recommend Enter The Gungeon for the most 'git gud' obsessed players. While the gameplay is satisfying, many of the mechanics with the way the game operates are not. The gunplay and controls feel good, but you constantly feel as though you are punished for having fun. You just picked up some amazing new weapon? Better make sure you don't use it on regular enemies and save it for the boss because the chances you'll get any ammo is minimal. Tried to play smart against weaker enemies by using your regular gun? Then prepare yourself for long arduous rooms, not to mention that basic enemies gain more health the deeper you go, making them take even longer to kill.When clearing a floor you have a few priorities: Find the chests, find the boss room, find the shop. Anything past that is secondary and the only reason to clear additional rooms is for money and the rare chance of a drop (ammo/key/health). This leads to a loop which is not rewarding and means a lot of restarts on floor 1 trying to get a good gun. The reason for this? A lot of the guns are hot garbage. I commonly restart after not getting a good gun, or killing the boss with my starter weapon, then realizing the boss has dropped a bad gun. This falls into the category of min-maxing, as killing the boss before acquiring the gun ensures the boss gives you a gun, so in practice you would THINK you're going to get a good gun either from the boss, or one of the chests on the floor, and sadly you would be wrong a good percentage of the time. On top of this many of the items you pick up in the Gungeon are clones of other items, or are flat out worthless. You also have issues with how large the floors and rooms are, why does a room need FOUR waves of enemies? Why are there so many rooms to slog through? It shouldn't take 10+ minutes to beat a floor, nor should it take more than a minute to kill the first boss in the game. With cautious play we're talking upwards of 50-60 minutes PER run, maybe more if you hit the first secret floor to min-max even more.I find Enter the Gungeon to be extremely frustrating, I spend more time trying to get good items on the first and second level than anything else, because if you can't perfect at least the first boss (which provides you with another heart), or get good guns there's no reason to play past floor 2 because you NEED good guns and more health on floor 3, 4, and 5. This means I use the quick restart functionality a lot, and I don't want to do that but know that if I don't my chances of getting to the deeper floors is miniscule. You feel as though you're being punished for trying to do your best. Picked up a shotgun? Just restart it is worthless on the boss, didn't perfect the first boss? Restart. The boss dropped a low tier weapon? Restart. The chests on floor one were brown and blue? Restart. The shopkeeper doesn't have a key or stupid items like ammo on the first floor? Restart. The game is so punishing at later levels, and so stingy with health, ammo, and keys that you can't reasonably have a good time without trying to min-max, and it's so dependent on having at least an okay gun that you actively punish yourself if you don't restart to try and get something better.Overall I just can't recommend the game in its current state. I waited for several weeks after the release to rate this in hopes the developers would improve things, but all they've done in that time is make a boss or two easier, and make key drops more frequently on the first floor. They've shown no interest in improving the flaws that make the game feel like slow drudge work and that's a bummer to me. I want to feel like I'm in a Max Payne game, killing enemies, flying through rooms, I don't want to unload an entire clip of my starter weapon into the most basic of enemies just because I'm on floor 3. Right now the issue is the game just isn't fun, I dread starting it up because I know I'll have to slog through floor 1 again, slowly, methodically, and then will I have to restart? Will I get a gun that isn't complete garbage? I don't know. Right now though I'm not willing to play to check it out, and that makes me sad. The game has a lot of things going for it, but when you can't even use the guns you've gotten because you're scared you won't find ammo and need that gun for a boss, that's where I call it quits."
76561198088589571,Recommended,311690,34944780,Posted: 14 September,all,Uber Tiga,"A really fun and challenging Rogue-Like Twin-stick Shooter, If you are looking for a challenging twin-stick shooter with a lot of weapons and items (Passive and Active Items) to play around with.. I highly recommend it!Keep in mind that you must unlock some of the guns and item before you can obtain them in the dungeon, this can be frustrating to some people but i personally liked it because it adds replayability to the game.Plus.I got an item simply called ""Orange"".The description of the item is ""You are not Alexander""""With this orange, your style... it's impetuous. Your defense, impregnable. ""Instant 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,311690,23920808,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Vice♥,Addicting and a fun game.Pixel games are op.
,Not Recommended,311690,29346088,Posted: 18 January,all,Jimmy Jazz,"First of all: I beat King Yama in Spelunky, I got Platinum God in both Binding of Isaac and Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, I beat Super Meat Boy, FTL, Risk of Rain, so I can say that I have no problems with unforgiving games.As some other reviews stated, this game has a serious problem: it feels like a grindfest. You spend at least the first 3 floors without getting any significant powerups, while the bosses all have enormous hp pools; the weapons you get are all quite similar to each other, there's not much of an improvement if you consider that ammo isverylimited. I even tried, when possibile, to go the ""high risk high reward"" way (items that lower your hp pool to get bonuses), to try and make the game less boring and slow paced; think of Binding of Isaac's devil deals: you choose to lower your hp pool in order to get very powerful upgrades, or at least items that give you a significant dmg boost (wich means you'll need less time to beat monsters and bosses); this strategy doesn't work at all in EtG, because you sacrifice too much in survivability to gain powerups so insignifcant it's not even worth bothering. It's a pity, because the concept is good, the setting is quite funny, the graphics are awesome, but the gameplay is ruined by a slow pace, so slow that is frustrating (especially since you get bored and try to rush things and get punished for this).I had only one good, fun run, when I dropped an item that gives you a ""manual reload"" (if you get it right you have a faster reload and a dmg boost for that magazine); it was the only item i saw that made the game a little more balanced (while still being hard and unforgiving).I have 50 hours in Nuclear Throne and I still haven't beat it because it's very hard, but it's hard in a good, amusing way, and I figure myself going back to play it once in a while; 20 hours in EtG and I know that every minute played from now on will be a waste of time, especially when there are so many well balanced games on Steam.TL;DR: great promise but poor gameplay balance, i can't recommend it when there are so many better games on Steam (buy Nuclear Throne instead!)"
,Not Recommended,311690,31921869,Posted: 23 May,all,hackstermatrix,"TL;DRBullet Hell meets Roguelike. It has potential but ends up as a flashy RNG fiesta.If you love either genre or consider yourself a ""hardcore"" gamer give it a try and only if it's on sale.Longer ReviewA lot of thought went into the game but clearly not enough, I cannot recommend it.It is a difficult game but it's a bullet hell game, you kind of expect it, that is not the issue.What really murders this game is the sheer amount of RNG.You can get screwed by so many things, none of which have anything to do with your skill levelby the map,by rooms being small/ cluttered or narrow,by the items spawned at shop or in a chest being underwhelming,by an unfair combination of enemiesby unfair spawn locations on teleporting enemies or by a combination of all these things.There is so much RNG that you literally can't shoot 3 bullets with your basic weapon without bullet spray and it has nothing to do with recoil or being stationery either.There's a lot to be admired in the game and you can read other reviews for all that but I will say that you do feel a sense of progression even if you do not actually pass the first stage but to me it wasn't enough."
,Recommended,311690,29573913,Posted: 29 January,all,lockwoodx,Very well polished rogue like bullet hell zelda inspired dungeon crawler dripping with parody and pop culture not to mention tons of variety and secrets. Would be a 10/10 if it had online multiplayer but for under 10 bucks on sale I'll let it slide.
,Recommended,311690,22316982,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,TESTICULES THE GREAT,First time playing a rogue like style game and im really loving it.As far as RNG goes i really like how its incorporated in this.AND GUNS!
,Recommended,311690,22820279,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ardisan,If you like to get shot by a bullet BY a bullet. Then this is the game for you!Or if you like to rage and call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t when you know its your fault you died.
,Recommended,311690,22821472,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,GemNinja☯#WalkTheDinosaur,"Try and take this gun, Obama!"
,Recommended,311690,22804034,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mitch_Rapp27,"Definitely recommend!  Controls are tight.  Extreme replayability. Think Nuclear Throne mixed with The Binding of Isaac.  Tons of unlockables, secrets, 4 different characters to play as each witih their own starting abilities.  Difinitely worth the hard earned cash.  Check out my first impression video for more details:https://youtu.be/H_p1wYJvdMc"
,Recommended,311690,31799928,Posted: 16 May,all,"Jerma - ""You got a problem?""",Johnny Test and the Brady bunch.
76561198141245283,Recommended,311690,25000827,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,The_dankest_man,Its very good if you like game like TBOI then you will probably love this.
76561198247616542,Recommended,311690,31275619,Posted: 21 April,all,rafa amrullah 2,This game is ABSOLUTELY AWESOME sometimes i don't understand how indie games can manage getting so incredibly well.... incredible enter the gungeon is a game that combines puns dificulty bullet hell topdown action and many other things i would say enter the gungeon is a really good game it's like nuclear throne combined with binding of issac it is amazing 10/10 would recomend again
76561198357074656,Recommended,311690,35465955,Posted: 4 October,all,santiagoborthwick,This game is awesome.. but really hard and frustrating too.The art is great. Sound too.Although after being beaten and abused without mercy for a while the frustration can build up and demand a lengthy break from the game.
76561198042934436,Recommended,311690,35498141,Posted: 5 October,all,pickle™,Good rogue-like with fun guns and tight controls.
,Recommended,311690,31779908,Posted: 15 May,all,Robot_Destroyer,Scroll up and buy it now.JUST BUY IT ALREADY!
,Recommended,311690,34895034,Posted: 11 September,all,GHobbs,"Let me ask you: are you an anthropomorphized bullet? Are you murdering an extremely buff bird with a talking, sarcastic gun? Were you trained in the art of the Dodge Roll by the master Ser Manuel himself? If you answered yes to any of these, it means you're already here. But if you did not, let me ask: do you want to change your past, even if it means risking it all, fighting bullets, bombs, kings, and dragons? If so, then I would highly recommend you Enter the (randomly generated) Gungeon"
76561198189565657,Not Recommended,311690,28766355,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,illegalbeings,"The premise and presentation are great, but the gameplay is so tedious it ends up being super boring.It is absolutely nothing like how it is presented in the trailer, the weapons and item drops are so stingy you will be plinking away with your lame pea shooter starter pistol for at least the first 15-20 minutes EVERYTIME you play.Even if you put in a ton of hours to unlock more stuff it won't make a difference because the game just flat doesn't give you guns or items to work with unless you are very lucky with the RNG. And by the point at which you know or not you have wasted half an hour on dull nothing."
,Not Recommended,311690,22667082,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Supernatural Cookie,"Gorgous game. Great music. Terrible balance.Enter the Gungeon is a bit of a mash up of Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne, however while it incorporates many elements from both, it seems to miss the mark on the bits that make each truely enjoyable. Part of this comes from the fact that enemy health scales per floor and bosses take far too long to kill. But part also comes from the pacing and frankly, terrible randomness the game provides. Like Isaac, the game has numerous passive and active item drops, and like in Nuclear Throne, guns are also part of that pool. However, unlike both, it offers far less. You gain items and weapons from locked chests of varying quality. Think Isaac's treasure rooms, cept the quality of chest draws from a pool of items, making it a little easier to decide if you should open a chest or not. The problem however, is that there is seemingly a much larger pool of rubbish items and guns you can obtain regardless of quality. Many items even don't have a proper explaination on what they do, making it tough to even discern if they're helping at all and even things that increase the damage you do are negated by the increasing HP of even common enemies. Making matters worse is that the general shop doesn't always sell a weapon or even items, and the other shops you can unlock have a rather low chance of appearing as well. This isn't even mentioning the rarity of keys runs can have, making it very possible you can say get stuck with no gun but your default loadout until after the first boss.Speaking of bosses, as mentioned earlier each one has an absurd amount of HP. Which is only made worse on those runs when you get no weapon drops at all, or are stuck with a gimmicky weapon that does next to no damage. The bosses themselves can range from ridiculously easy to rather tough for their stage as well, making for an overall uneven experience when playing. This can be noted especially due to the fact that several bosses spawn in additional enemies to deal with while you're fighting them, making already chaotic fights more diffuclt.On the note of enemies, every stage causes even common enemies to take more damage. Its not terribly bad, however it becomes quickly noticeable. A good example is the basic bulletkin can be taken out by the Huntress's crossbow in one hit on the first level, and then requires two on the next floor. This doesn't mean the enemy changed, or got more difficult. Just a pointless change in health for no discernable reason beyond to make it so your guns will do seemingly less damage the further you go.Finally when it comes down to variety, Enter the Gungeon just simply doesn't offer as much as other games of its ilk. Every character plays the same, just with a few very minor feeling passives. Only the secret characters seem to change that up in any kind of meaningful fashion. An example of this is.. One character starts with armor and increased aim, but another has a secondary weapon and a dog that has a small chance to find things. Or a character that has a side arm, a space bar item and an ability to do more damage temporarily if damaged, which the game penalizes you for by the way with less money drops and bosses giving you worse rewards. Overall, the characters all feel fairly samey which can make playing multiple times, especially with poor drops, really boring.I wish Steam had a middling option for recommending it or not, since the game is still fairly decent despite all of its issues. If you wanna try something new and have already played Isaac and Nuclear Throne, this might tide you over a bit. But if you haven't, I'd recommend trying the other two first. They'd offer a better and more even challenge towards introducing new players."
,Recommended,311690,22262290,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mr.RoBoT,I dare you to start shooting in the shop
76561198087570173,Recommended,311690,25668073,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Amazing Name,start first leveldestroy everyoneget to bossdie instantlygo on reddit to complainsub is filled with arrogant people who all beat the first levelrip me
76561198196527961,Not Recommended,311690,23843093,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gnome Child,"its not fun to grind through the first and second stages without seeing anything new, or being able to at least leave items where they are without the game punishing you. its like they took a good game, and tried to make it as grindy as possible.If you like grinds, this game is for you.66/100"
76561197993784910,Not Recommended,311690,22640448,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,danila99,"This game is presented beautifully and has a lot of content: tons of guns, secret levels, secret bosses, hidden rooms, NPCs—you name it. Pixel animation is admirable and rendering is rock solid with no FPS gaps. I honestly expected Enter the Gungeon to be my personal pick over Nuclear Throne but it falls short when it comes to the actual core of the game: the shooting.You see, the shooting is so weak. Any gun is either a puny potato shooter or slow reloading half-decent damager. My char feels slowed and underwhelmingly feeble. The rooms are at plenty but there is no reward in cleaning them—just another tedious killing of adversaries with peas, a lot of peas. Being so underpowered I could’ve used any decent gun to my advantage (or so I thought) but instead I'm saving its ammo for the bosses. Meaning I have to clear rooms with whatever pitiful spitter I have and hate. The bullet type guns are of poor accuracy, usually, which makes a weak gun even weaker. Hit-to-kill ratio is just laughable for somebody who came from the Nuclear Throne.The number of the potential passive upgrades is so big that the game designers had to make their bonuses very weak; or else you could become OP by the end of run. This means that if you need any specific bonus for the run, like the accuracy upgrade, you can't get it reliably since it has like 2/150 chance to drop. The result—you can't even plan your builds, it is out of your control. Just like any other thing: ammo drop, health drop, a key drop... you can't get them if you need them. Don't get hit, they say.Overall—for me, mind you—Enter the Gungeon is a game with a hundred bad guns (plus 2 decent ones, maybe), big unrewarding floors of no joy, tedious bosses with huge piles of health—but all that comes with excellent presentation. You could make good screenshots, yey!"
76561198199590659,Recommended,311690,22700872,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,DanilOcelot,AWESOME MUSICAWESOME GAMEPLAYDO YOU LIKE THE BINDING OF ISAAC?DO YOU LIKE GUNS?YOU'LL LOVE I THEN.
,Recommended,311690,22281192,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Sevaan Dais,"So... Enter the Gungeon (ETG* from here on).This is a game done well. Ok, not 'game' because I haven't made ot past level 2 yet.. but it plays so well and is very enjoyable.This is the game I have seen for some time and assumed it would be Multiplayer Co-op... it just screamed it. Alas.And then I bought it and played it... and admit experience gave me an insight I couldn't have known and realised nothing is lost without multiplayer co-op.This is a game mean't to be enjoyed in single play, to appreciate all the little touches, nods to other games and all the epicness of gaming and popular culture.The mechanics of ETG are awesome, not an after thought but they actually work and count to player skill and not wishful thinking or button bashing.Perma-death is not quite perma-death as opposed to 'quite-annoying-death-reset' and I wondered to myself ""what is the point of starting all over again?"" and ""is this a game i could continue seeing myself playing?"" but i just can't let it go...I need to explore the gungeon! And so I press on...Thankfully things are inplace to not punish death and these are genius, even when you repeatedly die 'progression' is made (but I won't spoil how) but it is well implemented and thought out.The humour of the game is awesome and a nice touch to what seems to inherently be a dark and dreary genre.I can truly recommend people check this out, add it to the collection.Final words:Expect to die, it almost seems necessary lolAnd use your guns... they appear to be randomly found in chests... some more helpful than others... some... well.. suck.... but if you did get a good gun PLEASE USE IT. You will kick yourself (repeatedly) if you don't atleast play with it a while only to die and it is lost forever lol (I miss you Neutron Wand...)"
,Not Recommended,311690,22571968,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Vodoka,"Enter to Gungeon tries to be Bullet Hell and Roguelite, which causes it to fail as both.The biggest problem with this game is that it's stingy. Yes, the drop rates are horrible, but that's only tip of the iceberg. Through the course of the game you can rescue characters from prison for them to appear on later runs through the game. There are also NPCs you don't have to rescue, and some power-up shrines to spice up the gameplay.Problem is that these things hardly never appear. And many of the NPCs have quests tied to game progression, so you hope that they'll show up in run, only for nothing to happen. This results in most of the runs feeling very samey after a while.Continuing with the trend of stingyness, let's talk about guns which are big part of the game. There are good ones, but they are in the rarity. Most of the guns you can get are either generic, or poor performing joke guns. Which are fun when you first encounter them, but after a while you notice that they are taking spots from something you'd actually like to use. For every Serious Sam Cannon there are too many generic handguns and rifles. Granted, this does make it great when you actually get something good, but also means that most of the time you're stuck with rubbish.Also most of the guns feel horrible to shoot. Too much of ""pew pew pew"", which is why less standard ones like explosives or beams are more amusing here. Too bad those are minority.Going back to quests, after you complete them, they are removed from the gameplay. Sure, things do change at the character hub and you unlock item, but actual variety of doing things is removed from gameplay. For example, one quest requires you to kill an option bonus boss during a run, which nets you standard rewards for beating a boss in addition to intended boss of the floor. After doing this you'll never get the bonus encounter again.So unlocking things and doing quests actually makes the game less variable in the end unless you really want some more guns into rotation.There are good things about the game too, like excellent presentation and soundtrack, but in the end this just isn't very fun."
,Not Recommended,311690,23354274,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Bv900,"Consider this a review in progress.Enter the Gungeon comes across at first glance as a cute, adorable, fun bullet hell game but rapidly devolves a few hours in into an exhausting RNG based slog.Now, lemme talk a bit about RNG in regards to Roguelikes in general. I'm of the opinion that some of it is nearly always a good thing, but games in which extremely basic things are left up to chance tend to be poor. An example of RNG done right would be FTL; everything from your crew to weapons to ship enhancements you can get are random, but there's a wide enough variety of stores and events that give you them so you never almost never feel like your run is ruined because you weren't able to upgrade basic equipment.Enter the Gungeon is the opposite.The main driving force behind the game and progression isn't really the Gun That Can Kill The Past, it's the guns you pick up and fight enemies with. It's here that the RNG gets ugly. You can get guns in two ways: By purchasing them from the vendor that appears on each level, or more often than not from chests. These chests give different tiers of items depending on their quality, and each requires a key to open. You start the game with only one key, and further ones are EXTREMELY rare. There are many times where in the first stage you will be forced into fighting the area boss with nothing but your starting pistol, because the one key you have either gave you a useless passive/active item and the vendor isn't selling any more.Even worse, many of the guns feel... meh. The other items you can pick up are even worse, with the powerful ones almost never being seen because of the massive amount of trash items that swamp them out.This is compounded even further by the increasing health of enemies on each floor. Every level you go down increases the bullets enemies can take by one. If you luck out and get some obscenely powerful weapon on the first level, this doesn't matter, but if you got unlucky and are dealing with lower floors with nothing more than your starting pistol and one or two mediocre guns, things quickly spiral out of control leading to death.Finally, lets talk a bit about the bosses. Put bluntly, they're too tanky. Unless RNG favored you and you managed to get one of the extremely powerful weapons, you're looking at a fight that can take around two (!) minutes. Two minutes for a boss. In a bullet hell game. That just doesn't sit right with me and feels extremely out of place.Now that the problems are out of the way, how can they be fixed? The main problems revolve around the guns and RNG, so I see a few ways. Maybe the developers could increase the drop rate of keys or the currency in the game. Maybe they can implement a system that targets loot drops.I hope the developers fix it. There's a great game hiding under the problems here.Edit: So, apparently there is a fast travel system of sorts in the game. On the surface it seems like an excellent idea, and while it wouldn't lessen the problems I listed, it would make them more bearable. Unfortunately, some of the steps are absurd and highlight the problems I listed. The first stage of unlocking the elevator, giving the NPC 3 Blanks is bearable, but the next requires you to give him both 120 currency (!) AND 3 keys (!!!). This is RNG based as hell, because like I said, there will be many times where you can go through two entire floors and only find a single key as a random drop. Even worse, currency is extremely stingy in how it's awarded, so by the time you've completed the first floor you'll usually only have 30-40, and by the time you finish the second floor 100 at most. This also all assumes you buy nothing from the store. No keys (which you'll need for the 3 keys requirement), no weapons (which you'll need because your not unlocking chests and only have the mediocre starting pistol), no anything."
,Not Recommended,311690,22473710,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Smèckii Pitchfjörd,"I love Rogue-likes. Every time you play you feel you are getting better at the game. New items, new levels, new bosses and new character getting unlocked.Too  bad that won't happen in Enter the Gungeon. I'm just not getting better. I've played for 7 hours now, and i'm still struggling to get past the first boss. I don't mind losing in these kind of games, but when there is no sign of progression, I don't have much fun.The only thing that i've been unlocking are a couple of crappy guns. The guns themselves are very disappointing, they do hardly any damage. When a bullet hits an enemy, it's like you've hit it with a plushy toy. You will mostly be playing with the standard gun you have at the start of the game. Good guns rarely show up. Chests are usually filled with active items that replaces the active item you start with. It's very frustrating, because the gameplay is great and it looks fantastic.The guns themselves are very disappointing, they do hardly any damage. When a bullet hits an enemy, it's like you've hit it with a plushy toy. And then there are these background stats like 'luck' that screw you over. Basically if you get hit in the first room you encounter, you just won't get any decent items in the rest of the game. You only get good stuff (like health upgrades) if your runs are perfect, but why do need those upgrades if your runs are perfect anyway?You have to be a masochist to like this. I wouldn't recommend it to friends. Most people won't get far into the game."
,Not Recommended,311690,22686786,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ItsMeAmory,"Like many others here have said, Enter the Gungeon is a well-crafted marriage of Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne. For those unfamiliar, it's a top down action rogue-like with tons and tons of guns and items, and persistent progression. I really, really want to love this game. But in it's current version, I can't. Most of the guns and items just aren't interesting or helpful, and almost none of them synergize in a meaningful way. You know how you can have an Isaac run where every item you pick up drastically transforms your kit and capabilities? Don't expect much of that here. Run after run after run, RNG can absolutely screw you as you pick up dull weapon or worthless item again and again. There is little in gaming more painful than ticking down a Gungeon boss' health with your starter pistol because both of the chests on floor 1 gave you passive buffs to ammo and reloading that frankly don't matter at that point. The in-game economy needs a lot of work, as key drops are the rarest thing in the world so you typically have to buy them to open chests at the prospect of getting a new, better gun. But now you've used your cash on purchasing keys, so you can't buy an ammo refill for any new guns you do acquire, meaning that once again you're back to your starting pistol.It's not all bad, far from it. The pixel art is great, the action and combat is intense and fluid, the enemies are unique, and I dig the style of the game. You will have runs where RNG works entirely in your favor and you're able to amass an arsenal that makes things far more enjoyable, but those are few and far between. I want to love Enter the Gungeon, but this title still needs A LOT of balance and RNG polish to overthrow powerhouses like Isaac or Throne."
,Not Recommended,311690,24611310,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,fake,"This game is in a serious need of balancing, I get that this game is supposed to be challenging but its ""challenging"" to the point where it just becomes tedious. Unless you're into the kind of games that make you feel like your wasting hours without real progression, this is the game for you.I do have to give it credit, the action is suspenseful and often fun but it does lead to frustration when you die by awful bullet patterns.The first floor is where it eases you in and gets you used to how difficult the game is, but you go down a floor and the difficulty that you knew from the previous floor gets thrown out the window. the difficulty ramps up from 1 to 100 in a matter of seconds.This game is overly difficult for no real reason and almost impossible to dodge most attacks thrown towards you.5/10, buy this game if you enjoy lack of progression."
,Recommended,311690,22294023,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,LokiFM,"An extremely fun game, I can't wait to play more of this game and had difficulty putting it down... then I realized it was 11:40PM and I hadn't eaten any dinner yet.It is well worth the money, but you have to like rogue-lites and if you don't like the gameplay-loop that you're playing after 10 minutes, then you won't like it hours down the line.If there would be one thing that could be changed, it's the amount of RNG that this game has.One game you might not find any keys and only have locked chest, giving you nothing to work with... Just your base gear.Then the next game, you are swimming in money, but there is nothing apart from health (which you haven't lost since you're awesome) in the store. Also every other room drops health just to taunt you.Then the next game... you find FREAKING RAIL GUN... and finish the floor within 2 minutes and get a floor master reward...Essentially, the game is AWESOME. Well worth the money if this is your ""kind of game"". But your success, even if you are the most skilled player, is hugely based on your RNG."
,Not Recommended,311690,22822517,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Pescintio,"Great visuals, controls and interesting variety of bosses. I initially enjoyed this game.There will always be an aspect of RNG to these games however there are huge flaws which completely destroy this one's fun.Many weapons are ridiculously underpowered, you find yourself trying your hardest not to use them due to how useless there are. The gimmicks and jokes go so far as that a huge number of the guns do more harm than good for you.Also, the same enemies gain a bigger health pool every level. The combination of this and the above factor means that later stages become a really boring grind in which damage is almost inevitable unless you happened to find a decent number of guns along the way (because you'll be running out of ammo on the sponges you face later on).This flaw is fundamental and lack of balance makes the game a tiresome grind above a fun, fast paced shooter like the Binding of Isaac"
,Recommended,311690,22260007,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SMYRN1A,9/10Awesome game! Level up system for heroes must added to game and online co-op mode update need as soon as possible!
,Not Recommended,311690,26171558,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,William Shakesman,"Nuclear Throne was a massive random explosion fest where runs would last 10 seconds to 10 minutes, usually ending in you being instant killed by a random explosion or being swarmed by 60 copies of the same 3 enemies packed into one hall. It's a stupid, random game.EtG is rather the polar opposite of that. EtG is smart, focusing on bullet patterns and a dodge roll before all other concerns. But it's slow. The early levels are massive and incredibly trivial, mostly an endurance test to see if they can score one early hit to wreck your run and slowly bleed you to death by stealing hits from you and never giving you any healing items. The bosses are massive, elaborate bullet hell affairs but they take so long to get to as you stomp through this boring dungeon. Runs take forever. They end slowly. Dodge skill is more important than the stuff you find by a considerable margin, and the runs approach easily an hour and a half with no chance to save. It's the exact opposte of Nuclear Throne but somehow both games are awful."
,Not Recommended,311690,22545707,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,J Arcane,"I really want to like Enter the Gungeon. My Steam list is full of games like this. I love a lot of the graphical touches, and the clever weapons and references.But ... it's just not fun. The game quickly becomes repetitive, and part of this is down to the fact that for a ""roguelike"", it's almost wearyingly predictable. Rooms are prefab, weapons are always the same, map layouts follow strict rules about how many rooms and chests and keys you'll find, monster AI is almost entirely limited to ""walk forward towards the player, firing every X seconds,"" and there's no real progression in or out of the dungeon.Combine this with sluggish controls and rather high difficulty, and the result is that you'll basically see the same enemies over and over again. Even the weapons repeat themselves, especially early on, as some weapons have to be unlocked in order to spawn.Plus, for all that many of the guns are ""clever,"" many of them just aren't actually any fun, or even at all useful or effective. Yes it's a fun joke to have the Mooninite's gun, but as an actual weapon it's basically useless in the context of an action game like this.There is, almost, a fun game in this. More progression mechanics, a la Rogue Legacy, less sluggish action and movement, and more unpredictability, could turn this into a properly good entry in the genre. As it is, it's all flash, and sadly, not enough substance."
,Recommended,311690,22273933,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,The Commissar,You can flip tables and shoot bullets with bullets 11/10.
,Recommended,311690,22295392,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Lilia,"Solid game and the music is sweet! There are tons of weapons to discover (some very funny) in this amazing and unforgiving game. Similar to The Binding of Isaac, this game has randomized floors, items, enemies and bosses. This game is going to sink a TON of my free time. (^.^)bhttps://youtu.be/W-bqcvJXoh0"
76561198177689849,Recommended,311690,22307003,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,PoloBaquerizoH,"I´m really starting to believe this game is better than the legendary Binding of Isaac Afterbith, Nuclear Throne and Neuro Voider. Art stryle is majestic and the gameplay itself is adrenaline as well addictive..just let me tell you there will be more surprises when you think to seen everything on this masterpiece game. Enter the Gungeon is as same as the other super games I mention before..; the best Dungeon Crawler top down shooter Rogue-like´s that have been ever created. if you believe to be a fan of this genre this is a must be on you life and afterlife. (Playing this game on iMac)"
76561197982345110,Recommended,311690,22524007,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Lioncash,"This game will eat your soul. I am serious. If you cannot handle dying so much it makes your own death look trivial in comparison I suggest you kindly ♥♥♥♥ off and don't even bother looking at the title... this game is HARD. Nuclear throne hard. It is unforgiving. It is malicious, unkind, unkempt. It is waiting for you, patiently, plotting each step and each pathway with more and more annoyingly difficult and supremely rage inducing roguelike chaos.This game, will take you by the horns and ♥♥♥♥ you in the♥♥♥♥♥Seriously recommend, 10/10."
76561198031035860,Recommended,311690,22353780,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,hiddensaber,"I see a lot of people complaining that the game is too hard as well as all the items are useless, etc.What people need to know is that this game is about skill and not getting stronger.Get good and stop complaining about the difficulty.Its way more rewarding succeeding with skill than having a great buildGame is great 10/10 would recommend those looking for a challenge."
,Not Recommended,311690,22589765,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Hideous Kojima,"I loved Isaac, so I really want to like this game, but I just don't. It's loaded to the gills with bad RNG, to the point where the game encourages you to play a character who is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and boring to start to avoid being ♥♥♥♥ed by RNG later on. Ammo in particular is so bad that to avoid your run getting ♥♥♥♥ed you want to spend a decent chunk of the game NOT using any guns you pick up since you might need the ammo later.There are a lot of mechanics that just aren't as well thought out as Isaac, and the gun system is really a lot less fun than Isaac's tear upgrades. Even the game's two core gimmicks (dodge rolling and table flipping) are both overall detractions, if the game was designed without them it would have definitely been more fun.There are also a lot of annoying delays in the game. Isaac does have backtracking if you ♥♥♥♥ up, but in this game I find the delays way more annoying because they're just arbitrarily unskippable animations, and you have to spend about ten seconds walking to start the game for no reason, and there is a lot of time you spend just traversing rooms.The game also actively punishes you for taking damage, which is a fundamentally stupid concept. If you're good enough to avoid getting hit, you get more stuff, and the game becomes even less challenging. If you're new and bad, you get hit, and get less fun stuff to play with. It also encourages players to play the most boring, safe way possible, where Isaac had a lot more options for how a run could go. It also means that if you're trying to progress further in the game and you take any damage early, you're just wasting your time if you don't restart.One of the biggest downsides is movement. Every enemy in Isaac has carefully designed movement, and a huge aspect of the game is learning how to manipulate the movement of multiple types of enemies at once so you can be aggressive but safe. In this game, that's pretty much entirely replaced by just running in circles, using dodge iframes to go through waves of crap and pressing a miracle button if you ♥♥♥♥ up.There are some nice things (you can teleport to cleared rooms, although stupidly only certain ones), but on the whole where Isaac was a game that made me want to get better at it, this is a game that makes me just want to get it over with and never play it again."
,Not Recommended,311690,22620287,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,fortris,"This game could be literally as great as The Binding of Isaac but it is literally the most RNG depedant Rogue-like I've ever played (check my games, I play a LOT of Rogue-likes).There are so many trash/repeat weapons in this game it's baffling. Honestly it blows my mind how the developers thought to include so many objectively awful weapons just for the sake of having more guns. DoT damage is ♥♥♥♥ing worthless, each tick is less than your starter pistol and there are so many enemies you have to inflict it on and then just wait for it to be effective. Maybe you'd think it'd be good against bosses? But they take such a small amount it's not remotely worthwhile to use on them.It's baffling how close this is to being amazing, but somehow willingly falls short through what I can only assume is the arrogance of the developer because it punishes you in the most bizzare ways.Leave an item in a room? A rat steals it and leaves you a note, oh that's cute I think the first time, it's to prevent you from just teleporting to the shop and selling them and forcing you to choose which you take.Only you don't get to sell items. The person you can sell items to only appears occasionally.It's RNG.Everything is RNG.Fun in this game is ♥♥♥♥ing RNG.There are FOUR ITEMS that give you poison immunity, four. One does nothing but give you poison immunity, one gives you both fire and poison immunity, one makes you leave a trail of poision on jumping with poison immunity, and one that makes you leave a huge blob of poison every time you get hit.Did I mention DoT damage is worthless?Maybe, just maybe if the developers got their heads out of their collective asses and just made the game not punish you for being unlucky it'd be enjoyable for more than the first two hours, and honestly at this point I only bother launching it when I'm extraordinarily bored and listening to a podcast or something. It's so ♥♥♥♥ing close to being one of the best rogue-likes ever made, but it completely misses the mark in the most tragic ways I've ever seen.There's even a weapon you have to unlock by buying that's factually worse than the pistol each character starts with, I wish I was kidding.EDIT: Last update fixed a horrifying bug where if you used the starter pistol to kill the last enemy of a room, the game didn't bother rolling for ammo since you had a gun that was ""max"" ammo. This is good but I have no clue how none of the devs noticed something so major for 8 updates. Still doesn't fix a lot of the other RNG, and the first run I played coming back gave me an item that makes thrown weapons explode. I stopped playing again."
,Recommended,311690,22349152,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kitty,"10/10, Has throwable babanas and more ridiculous weapons."
76561197972918696,Not Recommended,311690,22504331,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,(=HK=) Snowman,Pretty sad theres no way to save progress. I like the game but im not that good at it. Without a save option I doubt i'll ever make it past the third level. Kinda wish they would say that somewhere in the description. Because i wouldn't have bought it.
,Recommended,311690,22397150,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Del_Duio,"Enter the Gungeon is a rogue lite / bullet hell. On the rogue side there's Permadeath and RNG up the wazoo. On the bullet hell side well... There's a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bullets of course!Pros:*Extremely polished presentation overall*Great old school graphics!*Awesome character design*Music does the job well enough*Dodge roll mechanic is great and needed all the time, so use it!*The auto map is excellent and clean*The Ammonomicron is amazingly well done and should be the gold standard for others to follow*The devs are listening to the fans and making some changes for the better (ex a recent patch made keys drop more often)Cons:*Enemy HP scales the lower you go in the Gungeon, even basic ones*Tons of guns but many aren't really all that useful most of the time*No save feature. Not even a save and resume that a lot of rogue likes share*Lots of passive items synergize well, but the RNG almost guarantees you'll never see it much*The bosses are very hard IMO, even some 1st floor ones*The marketing doesn't do a good job showcasing how brutally difficult this game really isThough it sounds like I pooped on this game a lot, the end result is that I still find it fun to play every time. And although the RNG will give you many games with one weak gun or hardly any cash, sometimes stuff like THIS happens too:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=664399006"
,Recommended,311690,22285868,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Five-Piece,"It's a must buy if you're a fan of roguelike progression &challenging shooters. ETG is a DIFFICULT game. Please understand this before you buy it. At the time of this review I have 6.3 hrs (all from one sitting) in game. I feel like I've just scratched the surface of what ETG has to offer.This game is a JOY to look at it. The trailers don't do it justice even in HD. Character, enemy, environmental, & weapon animations are absolutely gorgeous. Attention to detail is an understatement here. Sound effects are really satisfying & the soundtrack does a good job of keeping things feeling urgent. I really enjoy when sound design comes together with impressive visuals like this. Explosions feature the proper amount of LOUD concussion noise (screen-shake is adjustable in the options). The guns sound and feel POWERFUL. By the way, there are a TON of hilarious & unique guns in this game. I picked up a banana gun from a chest and was overjoyed to learn it was a throwback to the WORMS games. Banana cluster bomb from hell!ETG has an extensive list of unique enemies. Prioritizing which targets to hit first is what makes this game challenging. You never know what to expect before you enter a room. You must instantly identify enemy type, their proximity to you, damage output/type etc. the second you enter an area. Using the environment to your advantage is an awesome feeling, nothing like using grenade enemies to take out their homies before they can react. Explosive barrels can be kicked into enemies if you're quick, resulting in satisfying multi-kills when they accidentally shoot the barrel instead of you. I feel like such a badass when I enter a shockingly difficult room and wipe the floor with my enemies. However, they'll wipe the floor with you too! Take note of how you died and improve.The bosses are extremely challenging if you're unprepared. Learn their patterns. If you're really frustrated read a guide online or find a YouTube walk-through.I could keep writing but this is already too long. This is a ton of game for the price. I would have paid $25 with no complaints. I've only made it to the second area, only found about half of the enemies, barely scratched the surface of finding all the guns, and still have a ton of stuff to figure out that I won't mention here.Just buy it!10/10"
,Recommended,311690,22253854,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Apex,"I always wondered what it would be like to play a properly fleshed out, high fidelity version of Nuclear Throne THAT RAN AT 60FPS; well now I know.  It's called Enter the Gungeon and it's absolutely sublime."
76561198011263543,Recommended,311690,22253861,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SurgeOfDestiny \[T]/,"Im early into the game but I can tell already this is going to be a favorite. It combines mechanics from many of the great Rogue Likes out there (isaac, Nuclear throne, Spelunky, Necrodancer. To name a few) and Brings its own new style to the table. Its tough, Its addicting. I cant wait to play even more.Also, There is a corgi. So 10/10"
76561198028651970,Recommended,311690,28954394,Posted: 2 January,all,comrad_gremlin,"Enter The Gungeon is a roguelite bullet-hell game. Your hero descends into the dungeon to find a gun that can kill time. Control your hero and move through the randomly-generated rooms while trying to shoot everything that moves. Destructible furniture / barrels can help you avoid enemy bullets and lots of guns make the elimination process much more cooler.Pros-	Amazing polishing (Good example: reflections in the puddles from the barrels that you broke) and visuals, very charming.-	Smooth controls-	Dynamic Gameplay-	Lots of Guns-	The sound/music is niceCons-	Sometimes it feels like the game depends on RNG too much. If you get bad weapons in the starting crates – you’ll probably dead.-	Some guns are useless. Like, totally useless (see the first reason).-	Does not feel like there’s much of variety between characters.-	The room transition/movement feels a bit slow. The action is great, but this part feels very dragged occasionally (huge rooms generated with not many enemies that you still need to traverse completely).Overall, I’d say give the game a try. At least to see how visual perfection looks like in 2d. You’re going to love the effects.Full Video Review in case you want to see more:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L14S76K5dOI"
,Not Recommended,311690,24139200,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,stan debiel,"coming from the binding of isaac i thought this would be the same experience, unfortunately i was wrong.I really wanted to like this game but it's just too slow and RNG heavy for me.I haven't gotten further than the 4th floor and that took 40 minutes and the rest of my game time was me trying to find good weapons and dying.I'd recommend this game if they made it a bit more fast pace."
76561198064972774,Recommended,311690,22353456,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Thespoon45,I didn't think NRA propaganda would be so much fun.
76561197961489779,Not Recommended,311690,23944895,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kamakazi_Llama,"I want to like this game, but I suck too much at twin-stick bullet-hell shooters to like it and I'm never going to finish it, which I don't like in any game.The randomness of what drops you'll see (and how useful they really are), coupled with the lack of progress over runs (no leveling system, no crafting system, no nothing, basically, other than adding more RNG noise to the game via the ""shop"" and skipping levels via ""shortcuts"") made this much too frustrating from a game-design POV; you shouldn't have to abandon a run in a Roguelike because you're already hosed because Level One didn't give you the drops you need, but that's exactly how this game rolls.You're either in like Flynn, because you got the right gun(s) and good power-ups, or you're already toast, because you can't make it past the second-level bosses, which are pretty serious bullet-hell baddies.I also feel like the character balance is seriously out of whack; the Marine is pretty good, the Pilot has a distinct point if he gets lucky enough, but usually doesn't... but the Hunter just doesn't cut it because she's so dependent on RNG being kind, and the Criminal is a bad idea and badly balanced, to boot.If her inaccurate starting pistol did somewhere around 10, she'd be OK, but having her main ""strength"" be ""I deal much more damage very briefly if you take damage"" is a Really Bad Idea in a game where you absolutely ~must~ play perfectly, constantly, to do well on a run, because the game explicitly rewards that.  So, basically, the Criminal has a vaguely-useful skill that you literally do not ever want to use, ever.The ""secret room"" system is also badly implemented; that it requires a Blank to enter one, ammo to find one, and then the RNG drops they give are statistically never worth a Blank... is just poor design and balance.In fact, let me say that the Blanks, as an idea, were poorly thought-out for this game, given how it progresses.Blanks are so valuable for the last few bosses (as I found out when I got frustrated enough to fire up CheatEngine and see the later gameplay) that they should get hoarded like gold and are therefore a newbie trap; if the developers had instead made Blanks regenerate over time, but made Blank drops upgrade the recharge timer, they'd be much more useful overall and less of a newbie trap.But generally, I feel like this is a Roguelight with really excellent twitch gameplay and pretty excellent implementation of many, many, many guns with different effects... that's dragged down by over-reliance on RNG; without long-term ways to achieve meaningful progress, no difficulty settings and poor character balance, I knew that I wasn't ever going to see most of the game without just plain cheating... which, to be honest, makes me feel cheated out of the asking-price.Dear developers:  we gamers don't mind games that are Really Really Hard, when you turn the difficulty levels up, but for goodness sakes, bear in mind that a lot of us simply don't have time to play your games for a hundred hours, master every boss pattern, etc., and yes, we'd like to be able to see the content you've spent so much time working on; we paid for an experience, not frustration.  See DOOM's latest release, if you're not sure how that's supposed to work."
,Not Recommended,311690,27753132,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,coopnshores,"I bought this game expecting a Rogue Legacy like experience, but after over three hours of playtime I can't say that I feel like I've made any tangible progress at all, and I don't really think I'll keep trying.What got me hooked on games like Darkest Dungeon and Rogue Legacy was the constant progress that is achieved through each run, allowing you to become a little bit stronger and allowing you to take on increasingly difficult challenges. With this game, on the other hand, I feel like I'm just running my head into a wall over and over again hopelessly.Maybe this game just isn't for me; sorry."
,Not Recommended,311690,24084352,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Super Shark Face,"I thought I'd like this game because I like roguelikes, but after two hours of playtime I'm pretty sure it's just not for me.  There are a few things I really love about the game.  The controls are tight and I really like the dodge-roll.  The shooting feels fantastic (though not on a controller).  Being able to teleport back to different parts of the level is great and better than walking through already cleared rooms.The main thing that stops me from enjoying it is the wonky difficulty.  The rooms of the first level are super easy, you're usually in no danger until you get to the boss.  If you get to the boss with a weapon other than the infinite ammo one, it's also super easy.  If all you have is the default one, then it's a lot harder, so you kind of need to find a weapon drop or get enough money to buy one.  So you end up going through every single boring room every run, which would be fine if there were less of them.I haven't played enough to say if it's the same for all the other floors, but I feel like it might be based on the other reviews I've read.Also, the characters and guns that I've seen so far are mostly very similar.  I've seen maybe one or two guns that are interesting so far and a whole lot that are basically the same as the default except with more clip size and damage."
76561197970512380,Not Recommended,311690,23389164,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Reikachu,"Ultimately just a worse Binding of Isaac.The core gunplay is good, but there's a severe lack of options and choices (e.g. BoI's Devil, Curse and Sacrifice rooms) that would help mitigate randomness. You are mostly limited to what you find in chests, and you can absolutely get RNG'd by bad chests or insufficient ammo drops.Unlocks are mostly based on currency and not accomplishment, so wiping on the first 3 floors still ""rewards"" you with a stream of spacebucks and new pickups. Ultimately these reduce the difficulty, and you can end up feeling like you're making progress simply because you're grinding out unlocks. There's also a lot of MMO-style questshit, i.e. ""bring me 180 dollars and 4 keys to unlock the 3rd floor elevator. Now bring me 240 and 5 for the 4th."" It gets boring."
,Not Recommended,311690,25403564,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Bruelo,"The game looked like it was a dynamic fast-paced rogue-lite, but it's not. I thought that I would get to use a bunch of guns through one run. However, you are lucky if you get even one at the first level. Because of that you waste several boring and repetitive minutes on one boss fight, sometimes even if you have a good gun. Furthermore, the game punishes you for trying to get to the end through buying stuff at the first and second shops by not letting you get the end at all because you are forced to buy an item that is too expensive for early game and doesn't do a thing. I'm dissapointed, really wanted to like this game, it is stil a nice idea."
76561198055177394,Not Recommended,311690,33644058,Posted: 18 July,all,Rambolink94,"After about 25 hours of this game, i've decided to not recommend it. It is a hard thing to do, because I really liked the game at first. It has old but new looking graphics, it has great responsive controls, it has lots of guns with a large variety. However, even after 25 hours of gameplay, I feel like I've acomplished nothing.The farthest i've gotten is the 4th dungeon, but even after that, I felt like nothing changed. Starting off new runs is a pain. If you use the elevators and spawn at later dungeons, you are way underpowered, and if you start at the beginning, it's just a repeative and ultamitly boring experience. While each playthrough is randomly generated, dungeons feel the same each time. Even the few things that happend that seemed to progress the game, hardly did anything. After playing for a while, I found some people who sell things at the reach. However, after buying said things, there is only a chance they will spawn in game, and are either too expensive to buy, or not even worth it when found. I've found several new people that occasionally appear in a run, and all they do is sell useless items as well, again, for too much. One character I found is so far completely useless. I can knock off his helmet, and than have to find him again. That is all he seems to do. Lastly, the elevator stuff is rediculously difficult to accomplish, and ultamitly not worth it.All in all, I wouldn't recommend this game. It is fun for a bit, but quickly gets repetitive and way too difficult. The biggest con is the lack of obvious progression, which is a very required feature in a game as difficult as this. If Enter the Gungeon had progression like Dead Cells, than maybe my review would be different.I'll play some more, and if I feel like I've progressed, maybe i'll change my review."
,Not Recommended,311690,22924882,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Wales Grey,"I'd like to start by saying that I really likeEnter the Gungeon.I like games that take dungeon-crawling cues from Rogue/Nethack/Crawl. I like wonderful pattern shooters. I like games that try to blend two distinct and separate genres together. I adore Enter the Gungeon's conceit that everything is a gun. The art and soundtrack are pixel-perfect.Everything should add up for me to unhesitatingly reccomend this game, right? Well, I can't reccomend it. Not without caveats, exceptions, and a whole bunch of footnotes. Fundamentally,Enter the Gungeonjust . . . doesn't come together.It doesn't really understand roguelikes, because it's stingy as hell with its random loot. To head off a particularly imbicilic strain of ""shut up don't complain about this game I like"" that I've seen, it's not about ""resource management""—the notion thatEnter the Gungeonhas resource management as an important part of the game, given the very limited number of resource pools is hysterical to a veteran of actual dungeon crawlers like myself—it's about rolling the loot die. It's about making informed decisions based on chance to survive an otherwise unwinnable encounter. It's about girding your loins until you hit 20+ AC and acquiring all the parts of your ascension kit—or in non-Nethack terms, setting yourself up for a win.It doesn't really understand bullet hell games either. Well, it seems like it takes cues from Cave shooters at times, but the bosses—the meat and potatoes of any real curtain fire game—are the exact opposite of what curtain fire bosses are. You better pray that despite the game's hatred of giving you items you found some good guns, or you're in for a supremely tedious fight because bosses have—maybe—five different attack patterns per boss. That they mostly randomly select from at the end of a pattern.Boss fights consist of the following: you circlestrafe/kite/dodge around a dude for five (or more) minutes while he does the same series of attacks over and over and over because the developer appears to have mistaken tedium for difficulty. Which is really strange given the preponderance of teleporters, to the point where I can't help but wonder why the developer didn't just add in the ability to teleport to any cleared room when out of combat. I mean sure, there aresomedangeorus trap rooms but making players do it more than once is just padding.Plus it does the whole ""metagame unlocks"" thing. Yeugh.Ultimately, it all adds up to similar problems I have withThe Binding of Issac: The game isn't crawl-y enough, danmaku-y enough and a strong showing from the aesthetic and audio design isn't really enough to salvage the gameplay.Summary:Enter the Gungeonblends an utterly fantastic concept, wonderful visual and audio design, and a complete inability to commit to and develop a consistently fun gameplay formula.Reccomended for:People who really likedThe Binding of Issac, Fans of dive rolls (dive rolls rule), Individuals who thinkPainkillershould have done a better job hiding its secretsNot Reccomended for:Hardcore dungeon crawlers, Touhou lunatics, People who think the word ""Gundead"" isn't a reason to insta-buy a game (it totally is you squares)addn: The game doesn't have quicksaves at the time of this review. The developer has promised that they're working on it, but for now you can't leave a current run except through either quitting, dying, or winning. This omission was a massive oversight!"
,Recommended,311690,29457103,Posted: 23 January,all,[ZSU] MAK777,BULLETS
,Recommended,311690,22285339,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,9th`revolver,Binding of Isaac + Nuclear Throne. More skill based than item/drop based. Hard as nails if you're not a bullet-hell veteran. Super fun. Get it.
76561198285349229,Not Recommended,311690,22332362,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,天霸咚啪tua,i can't play this game in MAC
76561198013090030,Recommended,311690,22255480,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Obstinate Orange Octopus,I am in love with this game so far. Great soundtrack andaddictive gameplay. Very similar to nuclear throne.
,Recommended,311690,22293640,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,FUCKING TILTED gamdom.com,literaly the best way to get aids on steam
76561198228326332,Not Recommended,311690,23652115,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Benderew,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, 1 because of all the hype it got, and 2 it looked pretty fun, however ive come to realise that this game isint as good as i thought it would be. First of all, i love the artstyle and some of the cool looking guns you can get while playing, however most guns in this game just feel so underpowered and it makes boss fights boring. Some guns are also a complete joke ""tshirt gun?"".I understand this game is supposed to be a challenge and i can see why people think this game it's a binding of issac + nuclear throne combined, but to me, enter the gungeon isint as good as these two other games. I find myself constantly having to reload my guns which is a pain in itself and throws me off as i can no longer move out the way to dodge. Drops are also rare with keys not showing up as often as they should especially since you need alot of keys in order to get past the first floor in this game!If you practise, the game will get easier, but it depends how much time you are willing to waste to memorise all of the bosses attack patterns (basically bullet spams) and my biggest issue is the speed of your character. If the starting speed was just a little bit faster, i would enjoy this game alot more, but they lock you at such a slow speed which makes dodge rolling horrible!The controls are okay... but they arent great since you have to hold down the CTRL key in order to choose one of the many guns that you pick up whilst travelling through the gungeon which is annoying. If you want to play this game, i would invest in a controller of some sort since playing this game on a keyboard is pure aids..I want to recommend this game, but unfortunately i can't.. maybe you will have a better time with this game, however i believe binding of issac and nuclear throne are better.UPDATE: Returning to this game after a few months break, and i still have the same opinion. I probably wont return to this game again 0/10"
76561198042668551,Not Recommended,311690,23045211,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,GoForkUrself,A really good game unfortunately way too freakin hard without anyway alternative ways of progression. Still stuck playing stage one over and over after a weeks worth of play because when u die you start all over without any continues. I would really like to get to all the other stuff in the game but its like spelunky and it doesnt matter how much time you spend u die and start over without any progression.
76561198248146568,Recommended,311690,22354431,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Shree,"Enter The Gungeon is a rougelike shooter game, over the time that I have played this game I am starting to really enjoy it. I haven't played much but I will definitely be playing a lot more of it The idea of unlocking things as you go makes the game more fun and gives you a goal to try and get something. I already feel as though it is worth the money that I have paid for the game. It's very addicting and also gives you a challenge, especially when first fighting some of the bosses in the game."
,Recommended,311690,22312927,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Gojam,"Enter the Gungeon is a bullet-hell rogue-lite dungeon-crawler indie game.Pros:- Awesome array of weapons and items- Heaps of different enemies- Great variety of bosses- Replayability- Nice visuals- Variety of characters- Smooth gameplayCons:- Not many item synergies (So far, not 100% sure)Overall Ratings:Replayability: 9/10Variety: 9/10Visuals: 9/10Fun: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Overall: 9/10"
,Recommended,311690,22262762,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hemmingjay,"""...Effortlessly Enjoyable""2016 Game of The Year. I'm calling it right now, unless another game comes out that is the equivalent of marriage of Milk and Cereal, or Peanut Butter and Jelly or Doritos and Pepsi...this is the best overall game of the year. The value and refinement humble me as a developer. It's as close to a masterpiece as any of us ever have the hope of creating. While I would rate it at 94-96, it's the highest score I can give a new release. If they continue to support this title with updates, fixes and new content(paid AND free) then they would have a chance at a 99 rating, something I reserve for games like GTA 5, Civilization, Dwarf Fortress, Half-Life 2, and Team FortressPerfect pixel graphicss- modern, iconic, recognizable, and the light effects/glow isn't overblown like so many of the recent bullethell games. The game doesn't rely on the popular artificial trick of making the screen stroke out so that you become confused about the position of dangers relative to your target.Nope, no lame tricks used here. This studio has spent hundreds of hours carefully tuning it's procedural generation and enemy placement patterns. The result is that you never even think about it. The whole game is that way, ...effortlessly enjoyable. It's so rare to find that now that I don't need to go on about how the audio and progression are also masterful. Just buy the game, know that the first 40 mins will be a little slow and you will die. Eventually you will have mastered the feel and you will be well on your way to one of the best gaming experiences of your life. This makes it to the mandatory reinstall list of games for computer upgrades."
76561198081598787,Recommended,311690,22286231,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Remiös,Flippin tables like dolphins flip with their flippers
,Recommended,311690,22289426,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Dyse,Found a Rocket Launcher that shoots beesanything else gotta be said?
76561197968621542,Not Recommended,311690,23518694,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Burne,"It pains me to say this, but this is a poor roguelite with excellent presentation. Its cardinal sin is that every game feels the same. You start out with a popgun and it takes minutes to get through the first world to the first boss. It all stacks up to massive amounts of time wasted.  After a few hours of play I feel I've gotten no better, and seen very little :("
76561197990024016,Not Recommended,311690,35252164,Posted: 27 September,all,Aperture Science,"I wish I could give it a ""sideways thumb"". The gameplay is very well done, the artwork is gorgeous, the character variety seems nice. I just couldn't get over how boring it is. I would replace the ""difficult"" tag with ""tedious"". Which is a shame because I really wanted to like this game. If you're used to faster paced rogue-likes like nuclear throne & isaac you may find this very slow as well. You can complete an entire run of Isaac in the amount of time it takes you to do 1-2 levels on this game.But hey a lot of people seem to enjoy it and you could be one of them, $14.99 is a very fair price for this game."
,Recommended,311690,22385316,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,"Dwane ""The Rock"" Johnson","Its a challenge, but a fun one. The game doesn't feel unfair, which (at least in my experience) is a rare thing to see in a roguelike. Some games like Isaac or Spelunky can at times throw things at you that you could no way be ready for, and on the most part that doesn't seem to be the case with Enter the Gungeon. Overall, it's very well made with a stunning amount of polish. The gameplay is fun with cool mechanics like flipping tables over to use as cover as if you're in an action movie, or dodge rolling in combat to dodge bullets. And I cannot emphasize enough how well made theart for this game is.This game truly is a personal contender for game of the year, and I can't wait to play it more."
,Not Recommended,311690,22405783,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,I am a Homosexual,"I've  waited on this game for a year or so and I just gotta say that the game was disappointing... I knew it was going to be a rogue-like game and hey, it was fun for the first couple runs...But after I played as all the characters I realized that all of them literally are the same character... What I mean by this is that they all play the same, have the same health (Except for the Soldier) same speed, almost the same frikking starting weapon, and the only difference is that they hold a certain amount of ammo before you have to reload, so to me, if you really want a great start... Just pick the soldier, hes the best.Anyways, This game's dodge roll mechanic is frikking buggy as heck, I dodge into a bullet which the game wants you to do, and you just take the stupid damage.I also don't like that it's a bullet hell game... I mean I thought I could handle it because of Undertale, but nope, this game is like the Omega Flowey fight x100.It's unforgiving, red bullets (Hearts) rarely drop, keys rarely drop... You're at such a disadvantage when playing this game...But this is probably because I'm bad, but I don't like it..."
,Not Recommended,311690,22617331,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Selth Blackwings,"This game can be fun, but also extremely infuriating.This had difficulty done righ and wrong at the same time, at least in its current state.right : you have to learn to dodge and get better. Most of the ennemies are completely dodgeable.wrong : some rooms and boss abilities are BS, and can if you don't have a decent gun (anything better than the base) you will get hurt by the bosses, it isn't possible to only use skill! you have to also rely on luck. that, is infuriating.can this dethrone Isaac? eeeh... no, for two reasons1 - it is too short2 - the difficulty in this game is unmanageable if all the rng is against you!in my opinion, this game lacks balance too much to be fairly enjoyable. you need to get good at it, but also lucky!this review has been written after 62 deaths, and I haven't been able to pass through the second level. There are five levels, a lot of secrets...I'm going to say I don't recommend this game because of the balance issue. a shame, because it has enough good to be a little enjoyable, but in the long run, the balance of the game is way too off for me to recommend this."
,Recommended,311690,22393347,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Spooky Viscount Daikenki,This game is like an abusive relationship - You know you should leave but at the same time YOU JUST LOVE IT!
76561198033183094,Not Recommended,311690,22565282,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,WhiteTea_,"For me there should be a ""neutral"" button but in the end I decided to put it in negative.I really want to like this game. But unfortunately I feel like this game is more RNG than skill. Don't get me wrong if you just play the game you get better really fast and get a feeling for enemies and how to dodge. It just feels like if you don't get the right stuff in the first floors you have very little chance of success. What i dislike the most is the fact that every little thing you can get is random: the amount of coins to buy stuff from the shop, the things sold in the shop etc. This would not be a problem if every weapon or perk would be good but a lot of them are just ""fun"" and don't actually help you complete the gungeon.In the end the game is not that big of an investment in money so I guess for some hours to lose in it is alright. Just dont expect too much."
,Recommended,311690,22352715,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Promeax,"Great game. As soon as I saw youtuber Millbeeful playing it, I knew I would love it. The day it came out I purchased it and cant stop playing. It has fluid gameplay and a great variety of content. The seemingly endless amount of guns to unlock each with very unique playing styles gives great diversity to the game. Tough bosses make for amazing progressive gameplay, each takeing multiple times to defeat and learn 100%. Would highly reccomend!"
76561198042492152,Recommended,311690,22353738,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,irhodani,"10 good reviews for every 1 negative review on steam = a game worth checking out, if you are interested in the genre."
76561197981660360,Not Recommended,311690,24174671,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Nobo Bloodwolf,"Fun game, tho only for the most hardcore of hardcore gamers, of which i am not.  Would be much better with co-op"
76561198206440999,Recommended,311690,22266985,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ChubbyMemeSnake,dis game makes me♥♥♥♥♥12 times a day420/69
,Not Recommended,311690,23471216,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Dödskatten,"I really, really wanted to like this game, but after sinking thirty hours into it, I can safely say it is not worth it. The game simply asks too much of the player. It boils down to if you get hit on the first two floors, your run is over. If you don't flawless at least the first three bosses, your run is over. This wouldn't be too bad if the skills necessary to avoid being hit felt obtainable. However, Gungeon is a game that requires constant play to ""git gud."" You have to play daily. I simply don't consider this game to be worth that kind of time investment.This is a difficult game, but that's not at all why I don't recommend it. It's because the skills that are required to meet the challenges of the Gungeon are too hard to achieve. It is infuriating to have to dedicate a couple of hours every day to, not progressing in the game, but to practicing the game. You have to come to terms with making extremely small steps towards progress and having long stretches of no accomplishment and constant failure. This is not a game that challenges you, it is a ruthlessly hard game that delights in the player being unable to advance.In a challenging game, the player is given tools to meet the difficulty of the game. The difficulty, while possibly very high initially, ramps up slowly and at a constant rate. The game, whether directly or indirectly, shows the player how the mechanics work, teaches the player how to think, and provides situations where trial and error will result in learning how to approach each situation the game throws at the player. Gungeon offers none of this. The difficulty spike from the first to the second floor, for example, is huge. Additionally, unless you are blessed by the RNG, flawlessing a boss is simply not possible due to the huge health pools of each boss. Granted, skilled players are able to flawless a boss with just the starting pistol. However, for a new player (or even an intermediate player) it is nearly impossible to gain the skills necessary to avoid getting hit in a boss fight.Simply put, Enter the Gungeon is by and for people that get off on games that stack the odds strongly against the player. If that's you, then by all means give the game a shot. I, however, am not."
,Recommended,311690,22348450,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,RagingRapscallion,its like a cake decorated with delicious razorblades
,Recommended,311690,28953276,Posted: 2 January,all,Jafonso,B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T B U L L E T
76561198194547138,Not Recommended,311690,22638038,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,xxxaiden,gr8 waist of 15 bucks
76561197992287782,Not Recommended,311690,22446555,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,VektorShock,"If you like The Binding of Isaac, don't play this game. Its similar, but the pacings different and just feels slow overall."
76561198085914978,Not Recommended,311690,22654402,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,no.tuhrror,I love Nuclear Throne and was hoping this would scratch the same itch without the pretty terrible framerate issues of Nuclear Throne. I was wrong. There is something that just doesnt click with this game.
,Recommended,311690,22286391,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,põhjamaade boi,"A natural evolution of random dungeon crawlers like Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne.Enter the Gungeon is about rolling around, shooting and looting, but it's the little things that make it great - teleporters all over to reduce tedious backtracking, refilling blanks (bullet clearing smart bomb) each floor to make you actually use resources, and of course the rooms shaped like silly faces.I say, take it for a spin and see if it sticks."
76561198105195961,Recommended,311690,22275475,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,I might shoot at ya camera,pretty dank game 97/12 would smoke again
,Recommended,311690,22286800,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Schalach '狂気👺 ♥,"(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻[TABLE FLIPPING INTENSIFIES]Stop Hating this Game, every Positive Recommendation, gets a ""No"" jezz. Still its a Great Game i enjoyed every Aspect even the ""Beast Mode"". Try it for yourself."
,Not Recommended,311690,22562448,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Ziggy |KwS|,"Game is too dependant on RNG, you can't quickly restart when you die and very few guns are actually usable/upgrades over your regular gun. Game is quite tedious and boring until you find your first gun"
76561198070872483,Recommended,311690,22275775,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,TheCraftBoy  |  #ThotPatrol,"At First i was all like ""This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥i hate it""  but after a while i played i realized this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥i loved it and now this maybe one of the best games of the month 10 out of 10 IGN"
,Not Recommended,311690,22384623,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Danizal,"Seemed fun at first, but slowly starts to show you how bad it is. Lack of health in the beginning and poor hit boxes. Comes off more like a Binding of Isaac ripoff done poorly. I wan this game to get better, not just settle for less than mediocrity."
76561198327451342,Recommended,311690,34813168,Posted: 8 September,all,fredziak,Good Orange
76561198046369622,Recommended,311690,28740000,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,David Lopen,Like Zelda and Contra had a baby10/10
76561198109603700,Not Recommended,311690,22566158,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Laon_Fait,5/10. Would not reccomend.
76561198068133903,Not Recommended,311690,22467451,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Advil,"no save function. bye. elevator doesn't count you can't play latter levels with starter guns. 1/70 terrible, refunded."
76561198097813158,Not Recommended,311690,22754191,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,[KRAG] Canterlot Royal Guard,"Incredibly poorly designed rougelite. Goodness, where to begin?There are no item descriptions for things in the shops, so you have to guess as to what things do when you buy them. And guessing can be really hard as the nature of items and buffs that you can buy is ridiculous. Beehives, squirt guns, amulets, forks. What do they do? Are they better than what you currently have? is it worth the money? Hell if you know.And when you do purchase an item even then you get a very poor item description that seems more interested in telling jokes then in informing you as to the nature of the item's function.On each room you've cleared causes you to rewarded RANDOMLY, not based on how difficult the room is or how many enemies you defeated but RANDOMLY. Making it not a game of skill, but of luck. You could get huge rewards from a room that had a single basic enemy in it, or you could get almost nothing from a room that was harder than a boss battle.There are so many different weapons and equiptment in the game that can be rewarded (again randomly) that it's impossible to plan builds. And in the shop it's equally impossible to plan as there are again, NO ITEM DESCRIPTIONS. WHO DESIGNS A GAME WITH NO ITEM DESCRIPTIONS?Sorry... I'm still baffled by that.the permanent progression in this game is beyond horrible. You can pay credits to place more variety of guns (randomly) in the dungeon, So you're not really paying to improve your odds or increase the effectiveness of your character as all guns are (supposedly) ballanced with each other. And You can only use those credit for purchasing more of these random item spawns so there's really no choice in the matter. It doesn't increase the likelyhood you get items. Don't be ridiculous, it's not like they wanted good design here. It just increases the variety.Naturally you'd want to buy only the best guns to spawn in the dungeon but without item descriptions this is impossible. Thus making me worried that I'm actually making futer runs harder by increasing the likely hood that crap guns spawn.There's also a system where you can pay to improve the elevator to skip levels, but this requires you to pay exorbinant amounts of money and resources during a run. Resources you need in order to even get far enough to make the progression. Making you feel like you're trading playing the game, for a sense of permanence.As a huge fan of the rougelite genre I am appauled such a horrible game is getting such rave reviews.Oh also on the title screen there's this really cool image of a cowboy entering the Gungeon. Can you play as said cowboy? Lol no. This is Enter the Gungeon, **** you."
76561198057411670,Recommended,311690,22257118,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jared,This is the true definition of a ''bullet hell''
,Not Recommended,311690,22715096,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,charliechuckleberry,"The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s said, ""This game isn't hard, you just need to play more.  Promise, you'll get better.""I believed them.Played for over 45 hours.  Beat the first level over 40 times.  Improved an inch.  Still haven't come close to beating the game.  I quit after seeing that less than 15% of players have gotten further than me and less than 2% have beat the last boss.Then I realize the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s lied.  This game is only for the top 2% best players and those that love repititon of the same level over and over and over again...  This game is in serious need for different difficulty levels.Something I posted on a forum,According to the achievements of this game, about 88% have completed the tutorial. If we only count the people who completed the tutorial (the people who've played the game), then I'm nearly in the top 10% of the best players of this game.I believe this game is too hard, because as a top 10% player... I still haven't beat the 4th or 5th Chamber (40% of the base game), and spoilers (there's a lot more)... The reason why I think it's too hard is based on the number of hours required to ""git gud"" for an above average player like me. Also, most players (the other 90% of the playerbase) quit before even getting to the point where I'm at.The number one thing these ""git gud"" jerks say that is contradictory. They claim you need to play more to get better, but never make a claim of how many hours it should take the average player to ""git gud"". To them, I bet 1000 hours is a normal amount of grinding the same boring chit just to see the ending once. To me, I believe 40-60 hours is a normal amount of grinding to clear the entire ""basic"" game for the average player. Don't expect the ""git gud"" people to use common sense. Don't expect the ""git gud"" people to have a rational discussion with you on these forums. We've tried. Just give it a ""thumbs down review"" and make sure to enter the reason you don't recommend this game is ""this game is not designed for the average player"".FYI - The dev's will never make this game easier.  Don't buy this game without understanding my warning."
,Recommended,311690,23889083,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Balsay,Offline co-op in 2016? Shameful display.
,Recommended,311690,22667493,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,cow,I had forgotten the use of teleporters so I backtracked to when Gaben didn't have a neckbeard. By the time I had gotten my heart piece and remembered the use of teleporters I died of LeprosyGG one of the best games I've played
,Recommended,311690,22520176,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,[xG] FlintlockDaFox,Just buy it already!
,Recommended,311690,22341473,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,HallowedFlux,Set enemies on fire with an oli-pooping and fire-breathing ant.10/10 would scorch people again.
,Recommended,311690,22346780,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Googis,"This game is terrible. I have a physics and calculus final in afew days, and I've spent all my time playing this. This game is basically going to cost me $2k"
,Recommended,311690,22262730,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Parkar Maisdon,An amazing addition to the rogue-lite bullet-hell random-loot genre. If you thought isaac was hard well then get ready to Enter the Gungeon.
76561198089646748,Recommended,311690,22264170,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Breadbug,"Alright, so uh Enter the Gungeon...gonna jump right into this and say it's a good♥♥♥♥♥game and possibly one of my favorites of the year so far.The Guns: Well you start with a decent little pistol with infinite ammo. When you're in the chambers (The Gungeon) You'll come across chests that require keys. Some of said chests contain guns. A TON of guns that all work very differently and have special little charm to them where you'll either love the gun to death or you'll hate it. It's up to you. Now I've got an OK amount of hours (I mean I think I do I dunno...) put in and I've yet to find even half of the guns. And mind you you'll actually be adding guns into the Gungeon from ""special"" shopkeepers by ordering them.The Guns TL;DR: You get a good pistol, and you'll find a lot of guns in chests.The Stage Variety: Oh boy where to begin...so basically the game is always randomly generated so every run you do will different from the last. Each chamber is pretty big so there's always plenty to explore. You're given a radar so if you think you've missed anything don't worry you're covered it'll tell you pretty much everything (which rooms you've been in and haven't been in) and such). There's also parts that require some platforming...nothing to write home about, but hey it's there I guess.The Stage Variety TL;DR: Randomly generated levels, you get a cool radar and there's basic platforming.The Bosses: Ah yes...the bosses...they're hard if you've got poop-tier guns (and yeah you'll get a few poo poo-tier guns). The bosses themselves have lots of charm to them, You'll be fighting a bird that has a musclear human's body that's carrying a gattling gun to fighting two giant bullet twins. They're all very difficult and have some sort of special move aside from well y'know shooting.The Bosses TL;DR: They're all 10/10The Lore: Okay this game has some really fun lore. All those tons and tons of guns you find in the game? They all have a story. Some a little deeper than others, but lore is lore at the end of the day. It's nothing crazy, but they might give you a light chuckle or two or intrigue you. Even the enemies have some affiliation with why the Gungeon is the way it is so you'll learn more as you face different enemies.The Lore TL;DR: The guns and bad guys got stories.The Enemies: Okay there are a lot of enemies ranging from cute little bullets to slime monsters, to giant knights. Each enemy needing to be taken on a certain way and will attack you in a unique way. Learning every enemy is HIGHLY essential in this game if you want to progress.The Enemies TL;DR: There's a lot of them and they will most definitely ♥♥♥♥ you up.Well there you have it it's a great game and I highly recommend this to any dungeon crawler...or anyone that just likes guns really."
,Recommended,311690,22387481,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Desuora  Kuro,A Message from the NGOA: Guns dont kill people bullets do.10/10
,Recommended,311690,22385680,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,captain crunchy,"I'll probably give a more thoughtful review once I've beaten the game, but right now I can already tell you that Gungeon is something special. It has the fast intensity and skill-based combat of Nuclear Throne but with the variety and depth of Binding of Isaac. Great shooting, great controls, GREAT soundtrack, fun enemies and a huge variety of guns from silly things like a super soaker to AK-47s and giant ants that♥♥♥♥♥♥fire.Each action-packed floor is full of deadly traps and a huge crowd of brutal enemies that force you to learn their patterns and create tactics to defeat them. The challenging bullet hell can sometimes surpass even Nuclear Throne in its craziness, and the bosses are another level of difficulty that will rip you apart if you're not careful and trying to memorize their attacks.The game has a ""hub"" area where you are between runs and can spend a special currency to unlock additional items that you will encounter inside the Gungeon. Unfortunately it takes a while to grind for those unlocks, which can be irritating. Drop rates for items are strange, and occasionally the game just won't give you any keys- which are vital for opening chests and getting weapons to progress further.Despite those minor issues this game already gets so many things right- and with future content expansions it will only get better. It easily deserves a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,311690,22341934,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Viva La Vega,"There needs to be a gun called ""The Pun"""
,Recommended,311690,22310505,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,harralander in runescape,yes man
,Recommended,311690,30402176,Posted: 8 March,all,Space Ho,I'm so bad at this game...But I keep coming back....Help...
76561198005398956,Recommended,311690,22474209,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,[RuNeFanG],Great Game - Don't usually like rogue-likes but this has sucked me in!!
76561198079324228,Recommended,311690,22263035,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The good names were taken.,pretty cool
,Recommended,311690,22296038,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,What's for lunch?,Kool indie
,Recommended,311690,22335748,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,White Pony,An intense rogue-lite that combines elements from both Nuclear Throne and The binding of Isaac: Rebirth.
,Recommended,311690,22390413,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,jtang00Q,Fun bullet-hell game with lots of secrets to discover! It is a really exhillerating game of skill
,Recommended,311690,22475457,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,UyutZz,Holy ♥♥♥♥ is this game hard. But when you finnaly accomplished something it left a satisfying omg i did it feeling. The longer you play The better you'll get.
76561198046754127,Recommended,311690,22421569,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Walnut2.0,"I always find the best guns, and then quickly die to gun wielding bullets. I think sense a theme here."
76561198091714829,Recommended,311690,22369542,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,IMPRATICAL,"Let me start off my review by saying this game is ♥♥♥♥ing hard.That said, I'm a massive fan of the Bullet Hell genre of games. I've played Ikaruga, the eXceed games, Danmaku, Deathsmiles, Espagluda II, Asterbreed, and more I can't name right now, and I've put more hours then I care to admit into them. So I went into this with the prior skill needed to be good at first, and I learned and adapted to the new mechanics I was unused to quickly. Even still, this game is ♥♥♥♥ING hard. That said let me get into the real review.Pros:I've never really played a bullet hell game like this, it's like a mixture of the Binding of Issac, and eXceed. That is a good thing.The items are there to help lift some stress from the player, but ultimately it comes down to personal skill and a little bit of luck to win.Guns are varied and offer each new playthrough the variety you want to keep it interesting.Active and passive items are useful, but not to the point they carry a run. One in particular, a ring that makes you intangible, is as close to overpowered as it will really get. It makes you immune to damage for several seconds but, has a cooldown.The games is comically fun despite its difficulty, enemies are very silly (a shotgun shell with a shotgun, and pistol round with a pistol/SMG) and quite amusing.Progress is very satisfying, you always feel like you're going somewhere, even when you're just exploring the floor after killing a boss.Cons:This. Game. Is. HARD. Bosses after floor 2 spike in difficulty to a staggering level, and for someone who has been playing Bullet Hell games since 2003 this is saying something. The only thing that comes CLOSE in difficulty is Ikaruga. Even still, I think this game is harder.I have noticed the room variations are somewhat limited, I've run into one room configuration in particular about 4 times now, and each time the enemy spawns were exactly the same.Unlocking the extras in this game is comically hard. There are two unlockable characters, to get them you need to preform such ultra specific (most of them tied to RNG) tasks it's kind of infuriating. And that's just what I know of, there are actually MORE things to unlock I've yet to learn about.Health and money drops are inconsistent beyond belief. I had a run where I got upwards of 5 health drops on the first floor, but less then 10 bullets to spend in the shop. The very next run I had nearly 40 bullets, but got no health. It's somewhat frustrating.The shopkeeper is incredibly easy to make angry, shooting in his store makes him angry, and he will warn you, Angering him will lead to your death. This is not a joke.  He will kill you.Final Thoughts:I quite like this game, but this is not a game for everyone. The difficulty past floor 2 is staggering, and will turn away many people looking to play casually. I'm only really giving the game a recommendation because I love it so much. If you're quick to anger and become frustrated by losing, this game is not for you. You will die, and you will lose. A lot."
76561198114690232,Recommended,311690,22411418,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Pebs.,"This game is probably the best rouge-like I've ever played, and being a fan of them, I've played many. The game has a great soundtrack, great level / boss design and just the largest variety of guns I've ever seen; this game has a gun that can shoot letters (mail), one that shoots letters (alphabetical), a gun that shoots anvils and so much more. It also does us the favor of cutting all the walking times down by adding teleporters around the level (which is brilliant). Do your self a favor and buy this game."
76561198048760034,Recommended,311690,22411835,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Razzia,"I like my Bullet Hell RougeLite games hard.If you're looking for an easy win with RNG odds on your side, don't waste your money on this game."
,Recommended,311690,22520551,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Blue_Meth,like it a lot!
76561198040167638,Recommended,311690,22294992,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,hookem347,"Great game, too bad i'll never get past the first floor. Game is hard as hell"
76561198273443902,Recommended,311690,32027375,Posted: 28 May,all,killertnt911,add the figet spinner gun come on add it it only a amount of time add before its to late
,Recommended,311690,22451658,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,PikaFlare,"Do you like rougelikes? Do you like bullet hell shooters? Do you like tearing your hair out in frustration? Well, Enter the Gungeon is the game for you! This game is an absolute treat for me. It has a lot of replability, awesome firefights, interesting bosses, and a fantastic presentation. It's also hard. Very, very, hard. At the time of writing this, I have only reached the final boss once. Your reflexes will certainly be tested as you blast your way through 5 daunting chambers filled with bullets who use guns that shoot bullets. Totally recommended!"
76561197998714378,Recommended,311690,22496179,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,TheRussian27,this game is amazing it has amazing pixel art and good gameplay
,Recommended,311690,22498112,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Aeroblast930,"This game is rather difficult, so difficult it makes me rage and play more."
,Recommended,311690,22445090,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,sanic,nuclear throne is the new internet explorer
,Recommended,311690,29521906,Posted: 27 January,all,ScienceBillNye,It's a pretty fun game that doesn't feel like it's repetitive
76561198129696831,Recommended,311690,22507654,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,"Le,Quackers",1. Get gun2. Shoot bullet out of gun3. kill bullet with bullet from gun4. dead bullet drops bullets5. buys more bullets for gun without bullets to kill bullets using bullets10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,311690,22262637,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Zuu,I've always wondered what it was like to work in a salt mine.
76561198032916620,Recommended,311690,22415402,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,It's Tyyyyyylllllller,great game. its actually quite hard
76561198139514447,Recommended,311690,26679079,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Specter1912,sweet game brah
,Recommended,311690,29536031,Posted: 27 January,all,Computer[Hard],"Very fast paced fun game, even has coop."
,Recommended,311690,22317781,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Koala C. コアラ,Very fun game
76561198013674085,Recommended,311690,22331252,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,GIRTH QUAKE,"The RNG is strong, but god dammit I keep playing. Amazing game and epic soundtrack! 10/10."
76561198245588442,Recommended,311690,33662827,Posted: 19 July,all,blazingphoenix,"INGREDIENTS1 pound ground beef¼ cup panko bread crumbs1 tablespoon parsley, chopped¼ teaspoon ground allspice¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg¼ cup onion, finely chopped½ teaspoon Garlic Powder⅛ teaspoon Pepper½ teaspoon salt1 egg1 tbsp. olive oil5 tbsp. butter3 tbsp. flour2 cups beef broth1 cup heavy cream1 Tablespoon Worcestershire sauce1 tsp. Dijon mustardsalt and pepper to tasteINSTRUCTIONSIn a medium sized bowl combine ground beef, panko, parsley, allspice, nutmeg, onion, garlic powder, pepper, salt and egg. Mix until combined.Roll into 12 large meatballs or 20 small meatballs. In a large skillet heat olive oil and 1 Tablespoon butter. Add the meatballs and cook turning continuously until brown on each side and cooked throughout. Transfer to a plate and cover with foil.Add 4 Tablespoons butter and flour to skillet and whisk until it turns brown. Slowly stir in beef broth and heavy cream. Add worchestershire sauce and dijon mustard and bring to a simmer until sauce starts to thicken. Salt and pepper to taste.Add the meatballs back to the skillet and simmer for another 1-2 minutes. Serve over egg noodles or rice."
76561198301395730,Recommended,311690,26474189,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Zong,"Nice game, too hard.."
,Recommended,311690,23738865,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Bip-Bip,Review stuff fiv stars
,Recommended,311690,29505845,Posted: 26 January,all,Ser_Junkan,i shot guns with guns 10/10
76561197966333512,Recommended,311690,22304469,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Manbearpig,"Pretty hard game, and it IS a bullet hell category. Overall it's a good and an addicting game. You will die A LOT, but still, will want to play more :p."
,Recommended,311690,22261260,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Pepperonii-san,>Enter Gungeon>Open chests>Get several OP guns>Get pumped full of lead by Ammoconda and lose cool loot>Cry>Repeat10/10 would get frustrated again.
76561197964884375,Recommended,311690,22265816,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Hässliger Phallus,"Artstyle, gameplay, the feeling overall is great! Much friendlier than Nuclear Throne. Didn't test coop yet, will update review asap.Update: Very difficult... VEEEERY difficult.... And unsatisfying feeling of progression, due to ALL RANDOM elements.Also no explanation, as what to do with certain elements in the game... looking up google shouldn't be the way to play a game."
76561198178183959,Recommended,311690,24105175,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,∀∫εχ,"Very enjoyable rogue shooter game, reminds me of things like binding of isaac and nuclear throne. Fun to play if you dont have time to play a full hour session.you can play 10 minutes, half an hour, an hour, or 4 hours and its still fun.but goddamn its frustrating when i just found the cell key and i die to a rolling stone.9/10"
,Recommended,311690,22377121,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Doctor Ekrotus,"One of my most favorite games of all time.  Difficult, but fair.  A good challenge, and great to actually notice improvement run-to-run!  Casuals, though, should avoid unless the developers decide to create an Easy Mode. This isn't a pick-up and ♥♥♥♥ around roguelite, it's a true gamer's dream.  Flawless animation, tiny sounds like the footsteps of a barefoot character, the clinking of the Gundead Bullet Kin as they wobble and hop, it's incredible the detailed lengths they went for this game.  Devs are connected with the community and providing perfect patches based on feedback.  Secrets to unlock, quests to do, enemies to shoot.  This is truly a masterwork of gaming.  Triple-A Devs could take a lesson from Dodge Roll."
76561198094890479,Recommended,311690,22266225,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,MyST,This game is more addicting than a truckload of weed.420/10 would smoke again
,Recommended,311690,22292544,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Lip Service,"Like a Hard Mode Binding of Isaac/Risk of Rain. Clean, precise, quirky and it just feels good all around, as long as you rebind the keys.I can't recommend this game enough unless your reaction time is slow. In which case you should buy Enter the Fungeon where you sit around and talk about games you wish you were good at."
76561197960946725,Recommended,311690,22291035,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,stoyven,fun game
76561198164038424,Recommended,311690,24436464,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Glorb,PLAY IT
,Recommended,311690,22851503,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SDP Matty,gud
76561198142461859,Recommended,311690,23728931,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,UndercoverCow,Best america simulator Ever 10/10 would shot again
76561198057583574,Recommended,311690,23941628,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bille G,BulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletBulletEnter The Gungeon in a nutshell.
,Recommended,311690,29534927,Posted: 27 January,all,KokomoOro,The best rouge-like ever made.
,Recommended,311690,31751710,Posted: 14 May,all,Nitty Gritty Goat Titty,Better than sex.
,Recommended,311690,32889878,Posted: 27 June,all,CellZero,need more guns and bosses
,Recommended,311690,24609434,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Starbolt🌟,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198168831531,Recommended,311690,31045630,Posted: 9 April,all,Stalker,I like the idea how this game puts everything towards 'guns'. It is also quite that bit funny and hard. Cool game! Get it!
,Recommended,311690,22261460,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Conkerkid11,"This is the best and most original roguelike game I've played since Crypt of the Necrodancer.Imagine a version of Nuclear Throne that doesn't have a 30fps cap, combined with Crypt of the Necrodancer's progression system, and The Binding of Isaac's room-based layout, and you've got Enter the Gungeon.The visuals and music are great, and there's a whole lot of environement, weapon, enemy, and boss variety.Will update review whenever I start to get bored with the game, which isn't going to be anytime soon."
76561198102467617,Recommended,311690,24748999,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Joobli,gud game
76561198093127053,Recommended,311690,24599030,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Secundus,Worth every cent. Can't even pass first level.
,Recommended,311690,22430460,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,inmostlight,"The best action roguelike game since Binding of Isaac, that's as charming and weird as it is difficult."
,Recommended,311690,31882712,Posted: 21 May,all,Zagatron6000,Isaac killer.
76561198081224114,Recommended,311690,32790107,Posted: 25 June,all,alemismun,Not bad so far.
,Recommended,311690,32793771,Posted: 25 June,all,big fat weeb,Noice
,Recommended,311690,30328428,Posted: 4 March,all,r2pen2,Good gam
,Recommended,311690,22331226,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Blue,"if dark-souls and mega man had a diabolical child this is itPros:very fungreat game-playhard bosses/enemiesCons:every ♥♥♥♥ing time you die it was from the same error,stopped to flip a table and got shot"
,Recommended,311690,22265762,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ZULUL,"This game is like my school career, I can't get past the first grade :("
,Recommended,311690,23148734,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Chris \[T]/,1 - Get Hotline Miami 1 and 2 Soundtrack2 - Buy this game3 - Call that one buddy you like to screw around with4 - Die a lot (happily)
,Recommended,311690,24406534,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,BlaBoo,ton of gunton of itemton of enemyton of fun10/10
76561198285442826,Recommended,311690,23477531,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Tad,Hard but a wonderful game
,Recommended,311690,29640798,Posted: 1 February,all,rocklegend77,Binding of Issac = Great!Nuclear Throne = Awesome!Enter the Gungeon = Grawesome!
76561198297991776,Recommended,311690,31829348,Posted: 18 May,all,SnarkyArmadillo,It has a gun that shoots shotguns and those shotguns shoot bullets.If that doesn't convince you to buy the game I don't know what will.
76561198048483501,Recommended,311690,28092635,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,atewari1,Buy this game or uninstall steam
,Recommended,311690,28638521,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,大天使 tsukov,10/10 can't beat thesecondthird floor
76561198050182274,Recommended,311690,29537419,Posted: 28 January,all,daNohoLiC,If you like Binding of Isaac & Nuclear Throne - thats your Game.Git Gud or you will die.
76561198242900204,Recommended,311690,32655680,Posted: 22 June,all,dungeon,Its Nuclear Throne but better.
,Recommended,311690,22258945,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Admiral Erewent,It has a dog
76561198046467531,Recommended,311690,22255093,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Cpt. Flapjack,"I can run angrily into a room, kick over tables, and knock burning candles onto the floor.Domestic Dispute Simulator 2k16"
76561198037080732,Recommended,311690,26468247,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Gentleman,"Pure skill. Easy as that. I was not sure to buy this one or Nuclear throne, and after trying both, the gameplay of EtG is more ""exciting"" and depends quite a lot about ur skill. NT too, but it feels a little bit more,,, easier? im not sure how to describe that. Anyway, if u are looking for a challenge, this game is a good choice =)!PD: roll, roll, shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot roll, block, reload, roll, shoot, shoot... non stop"
76561198043576276,Recommended,311690,22262609,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,GosuPat,
,Recommended,311690,22542313,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Dividing By Zero,"You load up the game, excited to play and run into the gungeon. The closest thing I can compare the game's gameplay to is: The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start. Rinse and repeat."
76561198256754124,Recommended,311690,22669013,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Mr NightNight,Game is extremely fun and entertaining! a few kinks but it will get fixed soon! very enjoyable and exciting gun fights! Recommended!
76561198035784649,Recommended,311690,22644998,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,mmmmDaddy,"This game is decent even if your not good at bullet hells, on the flip side there is litterally no point to playing if your not GREAT at bullet hells. Can't even make it past the first boss by myself, although very achievable in co-op which is way funner than the actual game (cause some features are missing in co-op(like switching characters, and the tutorial which makes it hard to teach someone playing with you who hasnt played before)).Not being able to pass the first boss is quite a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ plus it seems like theres no point to the game in general cause there are no unlocks or rewards (dont know if that changes past first boss) and when you die thats it, no reward no sucess not a single high-five, just restart and try again.I'd like to consider myself good at most games but I feel absolutly dumb cause I can't get past the FIRST boss. Dodging bullets is easy, I just can't seem to bring enemy health down while dodging bullets and conserving my own bullets  (OH AND NO AUTO RELOAD) and trying not to get cornered into a wall, and running around tables and pillars, and and and and. This game is simple in small doses but put together it can get boring and repetitive.Again: It really seems as if there is no progression, nothing to work towards, just a game for fits and giggles, it really seems theres no point to it."
76561198253035355,Recommended,311690,27533204,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,atorcan12,many bosses many guns many possibilities
,Recommended,311690,22683648,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Robotic Handjobs,ye
,Recommended,311690,22685225,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,AlphaPwnz,Good game still it is fairly hard to play. I've never come past the 4th floor and I probably never will:D
,Recommended,311690,22682823,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Rene DesCartes,"Grueling and difficult, but strangely rewarding..."
76561198026059435,Recommended,311690,22684380,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Charles A. Funkmeister,"Enter the Gungeon is a well made game. Thats about as far as it goes for the positives. While its presentation, audio, and gameplay functions well, there are too many hang ups that make it just unbearable enough to not want to play it. The game visuals, while very well designed, are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥as there is so much♥♥♥♥♥♥on screen on the first floor sometimes I'll mistake a book for a bullet, or vice versa. It really has too much clutter, and thats just for the design. The clutter continues in its absolutely painful weapons and enemies, which again, are well designed, yet are too difficult, and the guns are too much♥♥♥♥♥♥in the wind for the game to really stand up against someting like Binding of Isaac. I speak no greater metaphor than when I say this.Enter the Gungeon is like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ between Dark Souls and every Bullet Hell game ever made, onto Nuclear Throne with Binding of Isaac peeping behind a two way looking glass.I give this game a thumbs up only because I know it is a well made game, not because I personally enjoyed it. Someone else can enjoy the game, someone who enjoys sticking their body parts in a thresher just for the sake of dangerous fun."
,Recommended,311690,22693672,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Boxes,Great game but not recomended for the faint of heart. This game is difficult and great at breaking your heart. Just when you think you're doing great it smacks you in the face and puts you into your place. I love the music in this game its pretty awesome and it perfectly sets the theme of the game.
76561198230673488,Recommended,311690,22625608,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Bathtub Barracuda,"This game is a weird mix of binding of isaac and nuclear throne, its pretty damn good. You might not get very far in maybe 3 hours but after that when you have the mechanics down pat you get much further and it's really worth the $15 or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ this cost"
76561198136692623,Recommended,311690,22669517,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DJ_Wolfy162,Y DO I KEEP DYING??!!10/10 Would rage again
76561198117493477,Recommended,311690,22670807,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Ubiquitous,pretty good
,Recommended,311690,22681242,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,FFFRRROOOOTTTTT,I guess you could say that this is a Literal Bullet hell*insert bullet man here*10/10
76561198087751019,Recommended,311690,22683009,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,jswp5,"a funny game with amazing gameplay. The sprites clearly have lots of work put in and I'm glad I bought it. The best comparison i can make is the binding of isaac, which i have played more than any other game i have. I look forward to the same happening with this beautiful gem of a a game."
76561197998980319,Recommended,311690,22685418,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,A Shrubbery,Especially fun with friends. Will keep you coming back for more.
76561198091721901,Recommended,311690,22685532,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Zherm,Its a really great and fun game but if you're just getting started its really hard to get good at this game
,Recommended,311690,22698815,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Blockner,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xC03hmS1Brk
76561198118785250,Recommended,311690,22699707,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,dasmirle,"Enter the gungeon has awesome visual style, well done music direction, smooth and enjoyable controls and gameplay elements, and a lovingly crafted, cleverly integrated world in which you play. No one seems to be arguing that on an objective level, though obviously all of the above are subjective so how these elements are recieved subjctively may vary. Now, I'll say it from the outset  that I love this game. I find its difficulty a welcome change from other roguelites I've come to know and master, and its gameplay healthily refreshing in its nonreliance on synergistic run-building and focus on individual skill. However, I'm not here to gush over it, as much as give it its due and make clear what gungeon is. I've played it enough that I think I have a good idea on not just what its meant to be but what it is. If you don't want to read this review in its entirety, Gungeon can be summed up in one phrase and that's  ""be prepared to learn the hard way and be happy doing it"".Within the negative reviews of this game, I've come to notice one major complaint from a lot of people- enemies, bosses especially, have too much health. Because of this, some rooms take a long time- especially boss fights. I'm going to do what I feel has to be done well, and address this issue to hopefully make someone coming into gungeon for the first time understand what they're getting into from as neutral a perspective as possible. Because this is a fair complaint, assuming you come into Gungeon with a particular mindset about what you're going to be getting.As said above, many have criticized the length of the boss fights due to exorbitant boss health, and health of enemies in general in gungeon- especially the first floor bosses. Some have even gone so far as to call them tedious. I'll start by saying that these people are right in the length being longer than most would be used to from a roguelite. This is because the boss fights of enter the gungeon are not roguelite boss fights. In roguelite games, almost without exception the boss can be seen as a big enemy. It has maybe 10 to 20 times the health of an enemy, and it tends to be similar in how you handle it. Kite the slow physical ones. Dodge the fast ones. hide from the strong, charge the weak, yadda yadda, you've heard it all before and you've seen it all before. You know what I mean, and can visualize it better than I can say.Gungeon has those guys in the normal rooms all over the place. Now the bosses are another story.The bosses on the first floor in Bungeon are by far more difficult than the final bosses of many other games. They throw more at you and take more hits, than many other games' final bosses. Why? Because they aren't meant to be like those other games' bosses, and they're designed with different mechanics to contend with.Gungeon's bosaren't designed to be easily beaten flawlessly should you have fought them once or twice before; they're designed almost bar none to test the absolute limit of a player's skill when they reach that boss. They have that health because the point is to make you HAVE to fight the boss. You're never gonna steamroll a boss in Gungeon- you're always gonna FIGHT it. And you're gonna have to pay attention and keep your wits about you, becuase if you don't even the arguably easiest bosses on the first floor will chew you up like you were some sort of hamster in a kennel of starving rottweilers. Every boss- and I mean EVERY one- requires you to be able to do everything, and then some. Kite them? Dodge 'em? Predict 'em? Blank 'em? Outlast 'em? Yep. All of it. There is no easy exploit, no surefire way to kill any of them other than to do it. Dungeon's bosses are hard as all get-out, and aren't really like other games' bosses because no matter waht they'll always be a challenge. The real question is, why is that okay? What makes that a reasonable design choice? Well, the answer lies in the nature of enter the gungeon's core mechanics and intent.With a dodge roll, the main sources of damage you face in the game- projectiles that is- become much different than in other games. In a game like the Binding of Isaac an enemy that shoots a walls of bullets at you each with one gap big enough for you to fit through and in quick enough succession tat you can only just make it to the next gap in time would be inherently challenging (usually). in Gungeon, this isn't the case. The dodge roll and the blank render such an attack nearly irrelevant, and ergo not nearly a fitting challenge for a boss. Case in point, look at the shotgun kin. A room of three of these guys and a bunch of bullet kin all attacking you at once from all sides can be the first room you come across. And it's an easy room, at that. That's how easy this type of attack is to overcome in Gungeon. How do you design for that? Well in reality it actually opens up many more avenues for design freedom. You can make the game that much more challenging, create patterns of attacks not seen in roguelites before to challenge and engage the player, and force a level of forward-thinking strategy that's often unheard of in roguelite games. This is remarkably similar to bullet hell games in nature, and the bosses of Gungeon best demonstrate this. And you knwo what? it's their large health pools that make it possible!The health of the bosses is so high because the goal is to make it so that no matter how overpowered a weapon you get, you still have to contend with everything the boss has to offer. And that's really the point of it- if you're good at the game, you can win the whole thing with your unlimited ammo starting pistol and your skill. A better gun can be thought of as, in a sense, a handicap to supplement a player's lack of skill. Don't think of it as having more killing potential, think of having a good gun as it makes you have less opportunity to screw up. To the player I would strongly suggest avoiding making the mistake of misreading your sense of worry or frustration as tedium. It's common when playing, & it becomes much easier to notice yourself doing it if you know what it is beforehand. When you're fighting, say, the trigger twins, you have half a heart, you've been reduced to using only your basic pistol, and the last twin has half-health left and dropping fast, you wish he had less health. Not because the boss fight was too long, but because you want to win. You want to achieve what you're so close to achieving, but know in your gut you could still lose. Inversely, when you're starting the fight with the bullet king and up until this point you've been using your starting rusty sidearm to handily clear rooms with little hassle only to realize that one clip from the sidearm does less than a 15th of his health bar, you wish he had less health not because of the tedium of fighting him, but because you've been placed in a situation many times more difficlut as the previous encounters. In frustrating anticipation, you buckle down for what's likely your first real fight of the run. This isn't tedium, but fear- and reasonable fear at that.There's never a time where the attack patterns in Gungeon become so easy to read and obvious that you may as well not be looking at the screen- you always have to focus. The Gatling Gull doesn't cycle through attack patterns in an obvious order; it'll blast 20 missiles in a row at you or it may only shoot two to promptly pounce on you, blast its wave attack, and then go right back to missiles. That's what Gungeon is: a hard game that only stops being hard once you get good at it, and even then you have to be on your toes. You're almost never gonna get carried through. You're entering the Gungeon; it's a freaking giant bullet from space. It'd better be a bumpy ride to justify such over-the-top theming. If you don't want that, run away now- better to save your sanity. But if you accept and embrace the challenge the game offers, prepare for a very enjoyable experience."
76561197996517709,Recommended,311690,22712459,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,oskarmit800,"Trivia-crack hunky-dory bullet-hell. Hundreds of references. Many secrets.This game demands more than your average rogue-like; you have to earn and learn. Over-world progress is appreciable. After 100 or so deaths, I'm finally capable of getting to the 4th floor.Wouldn't advise using anything but the mouse and keyboard."
76561198103705437,Recommended,311690,22713008,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,WeirdDog,The game is like super fun! It is hard (at least for someone like me) but it is still super fun!Totally worth the money.But there is only 1 thing I would love to change and that is: Could you please pleaseeeeeee make the cultist a solo character? I know he is only coop (no idea why) but it would be so cool if you could play him in solo ^^(I love him).Make it so that after you completed the game or something like that you get to play him ^^.
,Recommended,311690,22260247,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,sG | Fishy,"its OK but it really lacks that growth factor and progresion Isaac has, if you dont get a good drop on the first 2 rooms youre basically done for that run and most of the guns(in the early levels) are as weak as the starter one so alot of times youll find yourself fighting a boss with a huge hitpoint count with a pea shooter which is excrusiating.The soundtrack and artstyle is amazing though.If the developers balanced the game a bit more in terms of drop rates this game could do so much better."
,Recommended,311690,22262166,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Come on down and get some,nice game
,Recommended,311690,22262299,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,kbourne,10/10 Action10/10 Gun Puns (Punmanship? Punplay?)____20/20 Game
,Recommended,311690,22263135,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,savage cabage,"ok i want you to take binding of issacnot give him a gunyou done goodnow give him another onethen eight moreno give those guns gunsoh yea and give the bullets guns tooyou done good, cause now the guns are rebelling and you need to fight yourway through them to get more gunnyer guns"
,Recommended,311690,22264617,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Red Prince,Binding of Isaac + Nuclear Throne + Dark SoulsMatch made in heaven.
,Recommended,311690,22266745,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Cruze,This game is amazing. I nearly took out a snake called the ammoconda... took me like 2 minutes of grinding then i pressed spacebar which made me go back to the shop.11/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Recommended,311690,22268797,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,DoDoDon,Another quality drug form Devolver
,Recommended,311690,22271932,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Rogue Scientist,6 hours in and this game is *amazing*.Buying this is luke upgrading from Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne - *plus* gorgeous pixel art.
,Recommended,311690,22275238,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,orang,Great game. If you like roguelike games then this game is definitely for you.The soundtrack is also very nice and the art is incredibly nice.10/10!
,Recommended,311690,22275561,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,VYZN',"Graphics/Design: 10/10 lookin good.Gameplay: 10/10 feelin good.Soundtrack: 4/10 its okay but nothing special/memorableOverall: 8/10 the game is good so far, it just needs some balancing"
,Recommended,311690,22279019,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dr.Ded,Believe the hype
76561197962163930,Recommended,311690,22294694,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Artifice Shell,"It's basically ""Smash T.V."" without the announcer.Good luck. You'll need it."
76561198032210657,Recommended,311690,22303928,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Akahige,Gun puns incarnate.
,Recommended,311690,22262380,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Beast,BEST SOUNDTRACK EVER
,Recommended,311690,22262589,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Dosis-Dei,"- amazing pixel art and style- gameplay is fun and addictive- great soundtrack- lots of guns, LOTS OF GUNS!- BOSSES!haven't play that much but needed to stop just to wirte a simple review and recommend this game, it's amazing!wish they also release it on PS Vita to play it everywhere."
76561198137326178,Recommended,311690,22263197,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,http://www.spookyskeleton.com/,Bullets that hold guns.DO YOU NEED MORE?
,Recommended,311690,22263292,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The Green Horned,Es bueno. Mucho gunos.
,Recommended,311690,22265496,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,TheOnlyFury,"2.5 hours in and each corner I turn is something new. Just looking in the log proves how many items, weapons and enemies there are in this game. Controls so smoothly. Gorgeous pixel art with hyper-detail (bullets leave holes in walls!). Interesting characters, funny lore and awesome combat.What more is there to say? 10/10!"
,Recommended,311690,22277352,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Bob,"Game is great and worth the money they are asking for it, but if you are looking something that gives you a good chance to feel powerful over time (like most other games of the genre), then you will be a bit disappointed.  The odds of getting synergistic passives is extremely low.  You don't get as many passive item chances in this game as you would in something like Isaac.The main reason for this is due to the sheer amount of gun variety there is.  You need to not only get a good passive (which is rare), but you need to have a weapon that can actually make decent use out of it.  I am sure if you play for days on end, you will occasionally get that run that makes you feel overpowered, but in the end this game is 90% skill.  Do not waste your time restarting runs if you don't get anything good, because you will find yourself restarting for hours.. Just play the game and enjoy the challenge.In short;  This game is very hard, has a unique style, feels very high quality with animations for virtually everything, and has a massive amount of gun variety.  Only real down side would be the lack of passives per average run."
,Recommended,311690,22280563,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Oompa Loompa,You cant get more american then this game
,Recommended,311690,22422736,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,cold pressed covfefe,game ownslots of shooty gun stuff.get a xbox controller from walmart for like 20 bucks its way better than the mouse for this trust me
76561198242936486,Recommended,311690,22422961,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,zmzzmz,"please add chinese, it's a good game, very interesting.:D"
,Recommended,311690,22424859,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,VisionX,great fun
,Recommended,311690,22432391,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,RiptideRayvenFY,This game is AMAZING... Although i can never get past the 4th floor boss but apart from that XD
76561198085466040,Recommended,311690,22434702,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,OD Tam Cwuze,It's pretty good
76561198112432594,Recommended,311690,22435962,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Kokleekio,"Enter the Gungeon was the first bullet hell, rogue-like game which I played and I absolutely love it.What I value most is that there is a constant sense of progression. There is always something to do and even though, it is sometimes hard, you know that if you play well enough, you will succeed eventually.Thanks to that fact, you can play for hours and don't get bored. The game will throw at you interesting NPCs, funny item descriptions, great boss fights and great sectres.It was absolutely worth my money and I haven't even finished the game, I'm not even close. I recommend this game to everybody who is at least a little curious."
76561198103516050,Recommended,311690,22437485,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,VileThe2nd,"There are many games that piqued my interest, no not quite like this one. It's one thing to get me to play a game, but it's another thing entirely to make me excited try again. The sheer 'what the hell' moments when you find a new gun and wonder: Just what in the world does this gun do. What even is this-*Fire of a round* O-O; ....OK.... and that becomes your new favorite weapon for the rest of the run. I especially like the bosses and their gun puns( though this goes for everything else). Not a lot of games pit you against a bird with pecs as your first boss. I hope to play this game too as completion to see every surprise it has in store for me."
,Recommended,311690,22438154,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,That One Guy,"Honestly, just a great time. Love this game, the only problem is, i'm a scrub. so i guess i got some practicing to do XD"
,Recommended,311690,22348632,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Armin T. Westonbirt,"A great all around bullet hell experience, with a strong theme, beautiful pixel graphics (this is Devolver Digital after all) and infuriating difficulty. Thankfully, the great diversity of guns, items, people to meet and things to do should keep you busy. At the very least for a dozen hours, likely for more.Don't forget though that the game is hard as a very hard rock. And you'll be bashing your head on it ; expect that. It should come as no surprise for a roguelite experience but some folks still haven't caught up to that."
76561198055507764,Recommended,311690,22350682,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,HOOP JONES!!!,You can shoot fish 10/10You can have a Lightsabre gun 10/10one guns noise is bullet 10/10a boss that is a ripped bird 10/10a boss that is a tank 0/10 (ihatehim)sooo its 9.5 outta 10
,Recommended,311690,22350873,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Wil Alambre,"An absolute blast! If you like ""Binding Of Issac"", action packed roguelites, and/or bullet-hell games, you have to try this one. Great cartoon-y pixel art style, fasted-paced skill-based gameplay, so many munitions-related puns... and oh so many guns! Guns that shoot fish, guns that shoot pillows, guns that shoot the letters that spell ""bullet""! It does not have online multiplayer, but it does have local co-op, and its so much fun. Highly recommended! :D"
,Recommended,311690,22350936,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Swear On Mi Mum,You can finally fight the Eagle from Broforce.
76561197968759196,Recommended,311690,22350954,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,"Dave ""Decoy"" Roth","The only gripe I have about this game is that someone beat me to making it. However, I can't be mad about someone else having the same idea and probably doing a much better job of it than I. Here is hoping to online co-op support."
76561198102163895,Recommended,311690,22350956,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,sdkmy,best game i have ever play theres only 1 THING I HATE I CANT REBIND MY KEYS ON MY KEYBORD
76561198088227687,Recommended,311690,22351128,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,smokepurpp,"I absolutely love this game.  Enter the Gungeon feels like a perfect mix of difficulty and simplicity.  It provides quite challenging randomized rooms and offers hours upon hours of replayability.  It can be a little unfair at times with the guns you get from chests, but still nonetheless a must buy of a game."
,Recommended,311690,22345764,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Turrbskii,Slab Of Icecream on pot plus power rangers with a flail and a doggy doo da POOOOOP
,Recommended,311690,22345814,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Roheart,Best tableflip simulator ever. Also makes you feel like flipping tables in real life.Rating: (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻ ┬──┬ ┬──┬ ┬──┬ ┬──┬ / ┬──┬ ┬──┬ ┬──┬ ┬──┬ ┬──┬
,Recommended,311690,22345998,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,jungle_jewfro,Im usely not a big fan of bullet hell games but this game has made me a fan.
76561198132209407,Recommended,311690,22346043,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Azilym,Wont work
,Recommended,311690,22346116,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,TOG|Debutard,Plain fun. A blast. Runs fast and smooth. Hard but fair.
,Recommended,311690,22296120,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,MostafaMufasa,"This game is everything you could want in a Rouge-Like game. The art style is great. The music is appropriately chosen and sound effects are intense. It's easy to pick up and get into, and challenging and fun to master.The game does a great job of being challenging without ever feeling impossible. The controls are tight and you feel agile.I truly love this game, it has a certain charm that other games of this sort lack. I love the inclusion of local co-op, but my biggest complaint is no online multiplayer. While certainly a daunting task to engineer from an indy developer, it would absolutely be 100% worth it.Cons: Very little reward or drops. Breaking jars and barrels will never give you anything.No multiplayer"
,Recommended,311690,22299654,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,salad,"I played barely 2 hours and I'm in love.This game is like the glorious love-child of BOI: Rebirth, Nuclear Throne and Borderlands.So far, I've died to oversized walking bullets, an even bigger bullet in a hovering chair, angry looking books, a bird with a six pack and a Minigun, and the Shopkeeper (I got curious about how a gun fired)Overrall, a 10/10 game that lived up to my expectations, and then ascended to god-hood."
,Recommended,311690,22305791,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,ӨZПΣ,"Hello possible buyer!Do you LOVE the binding of isaac?Have you never heard of nuclear throne but the concept of bullethells seem fun?Are you a fan of abominations of video game nature?Well, youre out of luck. This game is a beutiful baby, conceived from a hidden affair between isaac and whatever the hell nuclear throne is.This game is a bit like sharknado. The concept is so unbeleivably stupid (to the point many people snubbed this game) but the result is so unbelieably bad♥♥♥♥♥ Buy this game. Now. If you dont, then ill shoot up your past... you've been warned..."
76561197972602424,Recommended,311690,22260588,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jarick Storm,The game is fun. I haven't played a bullet hell game like this in a while but I've enjoyed the past 5 hours of play. The game is as if Borderlands and Binding of Isaac had a gun baby.There are TONS of guns to find. I've done about 6 attempts and have found a different gun everytime. Enemies are diverse and the bosses are awesome! Gorgun being my favorite so far.
,Recommended,311690,22264141,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Oscar,Binding of Isaac + nuclear throne+ their combined local coop bliss.
76561198145375879,Recommended,311690,22264331,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The Elusive Captain Wally,This game is awesome 10 out of 10Recomend
76561198007851930,Recommended,311690,22264673,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,He Protecc,A Goddamn Triumph
,Recommended,311690,22265110,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,WolloW csgoroll.com,Fun game but. too hard and no multiplayer online it would be more fun and a bit easier if a friend could join online.
76561198088537630,Recommended,311690,22265300,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,vp,"AWESOME GAME! if you're the kind of person that likes dodge mechanics, chaos, and guns... this is the game for you. Even though I die a lot in this game, i never stop retrying since each time i restart the dungeon is changed and so the game feels new again. VERY HARD GAME. but very rewarding."
76561198138029852,Recommended,311690,22275294,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,The Monkey King,I r8 8/8 m8
76561198107701528,Recommended,311690,22278600,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Squashimodo,Real good ya
,Recommended,311690,22279037,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,mishyback,I like game because fun
,Recommended,311690,23928500,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jonny,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4DVfGIWKeEThis is a roguelike game inspired by games like The Binding of Isaac and Spelunky. As you might expect, this is a hard game, but that's what makes it great. You HAVE to keep playing in order to get a little farther than the last time and it's satisfying when you do.Pros:+tight controls+excellent controller support (natively supports playstation 2 controllers)+local co op is funCons:-NO ONLINE CO OP?!?-can't save during a run-interesting item synergies are rare"
76561198017063239,Recommended,311690,26894031,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SealfaceSexton,its good
76561198032132431,Recommended,311690,23944579,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,xXTaCoCaTXx,"Just one more.3 Hours later...Ok, one more."
,Recommended,311690,22259888,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Dirtbox,"This ♥♥♥♥ing game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing ♥♥♥♥ me♥♥♥♥♥♥cunts. click on my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you saucy ♥♥♥♥♥, I want to squeeze♥♥♥♥♥♥from your giant suckulent♥♥♥♥♥♥nipples and ♥♥♥♥ horses with my♥♥♥♥♥♥hole."
76561198122776790,Recommended,311690,22260344,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Xandercosm,"Sweet graphics, tried and true mechanics as well as new ones, tons of guns to find, cool enemies and bosses, and amazing detail as well as so much more! This baby has all the makings of a great game. If you like Binding of Isaac or Nuclear Throne it seems silly to not give this a try. It also improves on the formula of those games with better graphics and, in my opinion, better design. Plus, it's got tons of replay value, considering the huge amount of guns and collectibles waiting to be found in the Gungeon.It's also quite difficult which will please those who like that sort of thing. There is no form of health regeneration between floors or after boss fights. The only way to replenish health is from rare health drops or buy paying large sums of money for hearts/half hearts at the shop. It's also permadeath, obviously, which adds to the tension, forcing you to be very careful with your health.Another feature that spices up the game is the inclusion of four characters to play as (as well as 2 ""secret"" characters). Each character has a unique ""active"" item and ""passive"" item. Active items being ones that you can use at any time to directly influence battle, and passive items being ones that influence battle in the background (like stat boosts). This further adds to the replay value and also allows you to pick a character that suits your playstyle the best.The attention to detail is also quite impressive. Every enemy, when defeated has their own death animation, the simpler ones falling to the ground and fading into the background, and the more difficult/interesting ones having spectacular finishing attacks or animations to accompany their deaths. You can also interact with most objects lying around the rooms of each floor. Plus, some objects can even be used in battle. For example, as I'm sure most people have already seen from the trailer, you can flip over tables as cover. This technique is actually more useful than it looks and you may just need it when you find yourself in an empty room with no barriers to hide behind. There are also explosive barrels that you can push into enemies as well as shoot. The detail is outstanding and really adds to the atmosphere.With all that said, bear in mind that the game is not without it's flaws. On an average laptop, the sheer amount of bullets in some of the bossfights and enemy-filled rooms will cause lag. This is to be expected but I feel that it's an important thing to note for any laptop-only players. Also, at times it does feel like the controls can be a bit unresponsive which, in the thick of battle can cause major trouble. However, the biggest issue, in my opinion, is the lack of online co-op. This definitely limits overall replayability and is feature that I feel most games of this sort should have. While local multiplayer is included, unless you have a bunch of friends within driving distance who have the time to come over to your house (or you to theirs) every time you want to play the game, I doubt you will get much use out of it. I find it an unfortunate issue with the game that I really hope they fix in the future.Overall, however, this game is amazingly fun and is worth the $15.00 for sure!Pros:- Great graphics- Amazing attention to detail- Tons of replay value- Inuitive design- Serious challenge- A good amount of charactersCons:- Mild lag on the average laptop in certain bossfights- Sometimes controls can be slightly unresponsive- Lack of online co-op"
,Recommended,311690,22260819,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,NeonTiger,"Crazy fun. Can be difficult, but feels really fair. Animations are smooth and enemies telegraph what they're doing, it's up to the player to keep track of everything going on and dodge.Movement and combat are extremely fluid and just feels nice to play.Literally the only con I could come up with is that the music is a bit lackluster. Nothing that you have to go literally turn off, but it often doesn't add a lot to the game like great music can (Necrodancer comes to mind, though that game literally revolves around its music so that's a bit of an unfair comparison).Overall amazing. Would recommend this to anyone that is a fan of roguelikes. I am not disappointed in the slightest."
76561198117905357,Recommended,311690,22266196,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Immortaal,"This game is such a good game, didn't know whether I would like it at first. Can't wait to see what the other floors look like"
76561198095374006,Recommended,311690,22267013,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ParatraX.,Words cannot describe how amazing this game is...(maybe one word can: BULLETS!)
,Recommended,311690,22378692,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,domstah,Guns don't kill people.  Bullets armed with guns kill people.
76561197971844696,Recommended,311690,22379225,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,sellik,T-Shirt-Gun ? T-Shirt-Gun!
,Recommended,311690,22379588,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,"MrPebbles,SpaceCat","I've been waiting for another game like this. I'm a big fan of the Binding of Isaac style gameplay, anyone who loves Binding of Isaac will love this game no doubt"
,Recommended,311690,22380258,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ﮎuÎ¢Î∂αL PøssuM,AWESOME!!!
76561198023968987,Recommended,311690,22380678,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Liquid Squid,Awesome
76561198029254420,Recommended,311690,22381312,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,*_g1zm0mat1c,John Woo Action Scene:THE GAMEReally good. I give it a 93 out of 17.
76561198158141105,Recommended,311690,22381389,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,OmgItsPatrick,"Really fun, but really hard, played a few hours and keep dying on level 2 lol."
76561198046732318,Recommended,311690,22385519,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,The Family Pickle,"Enter the Gungeon is like a hybrid mix between The Binding of Issac: Rebirth and Nuclear Throne. It has that mystery and discovery of TBIR and that bullet hell of Nuclear Throne... The 2 best goddamn things! Yes, this game is very, very hard, but it is not unfair. Almost every mistake I make is my fault, its not the game being unfair to me. Since I enjyoed TBIR and I still enjoy Nuclear Throne, I love this game. It combines my two favourite arcade-like-shooter-em-up-bullet-hell games into one lovely package delivered by Santa himself.In conclusion, if you're a fan of Rebirth and Nuclear Throne and are up to a challenge, then get this game. Hope everyone who gets this game enjoys it!"
,Recommended,311690,22385547,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,CrobatBoy,"Great graphics, the controls are fluid, and overall great game. Maybe a few more weapons could be added, but in due time that issue will fix itself"
76561198025056690,Recommended,311690,22386724,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,slemler,"It is incredibly challenging, yet feels very rewarding when you do well in any of the levels (like any well made rogue like). Bit of a combo between the binding of issac and nuclear throne, but I feel takes a whole new spin on it. I really have enjoyed it but life has held me back from getting in the much needed our to truly practice being good at the game.Overall:Very hard, very fun."
76561198144795919,Recommended,311690,22387145,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Dragon,"realy great game just one huge problem, you can't play co-op from different places you need to be in the same place. and the co-op should be given right from the begining"
,Recommended,311690,22387352,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Dymond,Really fun bullet hell with a lot of replay value. If you enjoy the touhou series then you will probably like this.
76561197996378770,Recommended,311690,22387525,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Drildgen,Great game!Best death in a video game ever...http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/272840673724110858/E89903F42EC47E7B9A375E35498D7A8296D54C8B/Killed by smoking cigarettes 10/10
,Recommended,311690,22387546,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Criossant,"I honestly love this game, not much more to say about it"
,Recommended,311690,22390478,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Cal,"Besides the tutorial, I can't get pass the first boss. +++"
,Recommended,311690,22389349,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Table$$$alt,"It's cheap, it's hard, and it's fun. Think Binding of Isaac but with more bullet hell aspects. Sometimes managing ammo can get to be a pain if you have a drought of gun drops, but I never felt particularly cheated by the game. The soundtrack is good but never blew me away -- the only memorable song was the title theme (which is rather good).The last twinstick shooter that was this responsive and fun to play was Galak-Z. Would recommend to anyone who liked Binding of Isaac or those who love arcade-style shooting."
,Recommended,311690,22389871,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,{E}Stalker,"If you are looking for a fun roguelike to play, Gungeon delivers. Themed around a gun world with bulletlike denizens, you must master the art of dodge and skill shot. Worth the price for the entertainment value alone."
,Recommended,311690,22390274,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,The Time of History,"Pisses me off, but I love it."
76561198262648817,Recommended,311690,22388002,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,GreenBloodTX,Git gud simulator.
76561198167031667,Recommended,311690,22388610,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,rob.rocks.bruno,Very fun Game reminds me of binding of Issac now that I think about it
76561198048217168,Recommended,311690,22258625,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Good,Just one more run...
,Recommended,311690,22258700,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Roborovski,"Pretty much everything I've been hoping for in a rogue-like for a very long time. I thought Nuclear Throne would be my last hope after Binding of Isaac's RNG failed me, but Enter the Gungeon has quickly become my new mistress. After 200 hours in BOI, I can't wait to see what this has to offer."
,Recommended,311690,22258972,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Xzanos,A twinstick shooter rouglike with a huge amount of variety and gun puns. Gorgeous animations and local coop sold it on me but the rediculous guns and items (and the rediculous amount of said guns and items) made this one of my happiest purchases on steam. For 15$ I would happily buy it again.
,Recommended,311690,22260283,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Shadow's Eclipse,Enter the Gungeon is quite fun.
76561197988311452,Recommended,311690,22260449,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Abraxo Cleaner,"Fantastic gameplay and a metric s***load of guns and items. This is definitely one of those, ""just one more run"", type of games. Well worth the asking price and a ton of fun!"
,Recommended,311690,22262349,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,JonnyFX,"Everytime the game patches I lose all my progress and even have to do the tutorial again.great game, plz fix..."
,Recommended,311690,22262520,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Orange Wookie,"Picked up a lowercase letter 'r'. It exists because it ""looks like a gun"". Fires the word BULLET.10/10"
,Recommended,311690,22262805,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Sleyer,Enter the gungeon. Die. Repeat.10/10 would gun again
,Recommended,311690,22262957,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Wesker Frank,"Awesome game and we just got an amazing FREE update.Take some notes Issac.I can't wait to see dlc.New floors, items, boss, weapons and characters are something we never have enough."
,Recommended,311690,22263133,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ChrisTheHero,you can shoot a fish out of a barrel......it's ok from what i've played
76561198017612267,Recommended,311690,22263551,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Loiter Floof,"It's like if Nuclear Throne and Binding of Isaac had a crossover.I don't really intend this to be taken as a detailed review, merely as a ""thumbs up"" for the recommended statistic, as I personally enjoy the game. If you want a detailed review, watch a YT let's play. Northernlion has some good ones."
76561198119256558,Recommended,311690,22263774,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Petsch,"Very fun, challenging. If you want a game that makes you fall in love with a genre, heres a good one!"
76561198024153413,Recommended,311690,22264287,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,FluFFy ToasterZ,This game is the prefect blend of Binding of isaac and Nuclear Throne. If you love either of those games i highly suggest you buy Enter the Gungeon
,Recommended,311690,22264577,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Matt,"The game is great, my only complaint is the gender and race locked classes lol I want some immersion"
76561198051966953,Recommended,311690,22266567,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,DashieSparkle,It's just like The Binding Of Isaac....... BUT WITH GUNS!!!
,Recommended,311690,22267446,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Keeco,"I am not normally a fan of these sorts of games, I didn't enjoy binding of Isaac much at all, but this game has some interesting mechanics (such as table flipping and i'm sure some more later on in the game) that keeps the gameplay fun and interesting whilst still being very good at the normal rogue-like aspects. I would recommend this game even to people who don't normaly play this genre!"
,Recommended,311690,22268219,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,sciddlybop,"I like the game, it's fun.The main aim of the game is to survive as long as possible.One thing bad though, item drops are WAY to rare.Finding a chest is a chore, getting a heart is worse. They rarely drop so getting past the boss is so hard."
76561198009907235,Recommended,311690,22268543,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Elvest,"Nothing Enter the Gungeon does is completely unique but what it does, it does well.It's clear that Gungeon has had some major influence from Isaac. Many mechanics are at least similar and some basically identical. If you like Isaac, you'll like this.The game is extremely well done and feels polished. I haven't seen yet anything past level 3 but the game feels fun.All the characters feel different and interesting and the game feels fair. You'll die but it's something you probably could have avoided."
76561197984562776,Recommended,311690,22272215,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,pete8b,Pure joy. Like bullet hells with rogue like elements? then you must have this!Here is my first time entering the GUNGEONhttps://youtu.be/9i7nj07F_nc
,Recommended,311690,22273184,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,AchedSphinx,Great game. Difficult to like many other rogue-lites and its tons of fun.
76561198079709622,Recommended,311690,22279277,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,England Is My City,Just amazing and addicting
76561198056868550,Recommended,311690,22279625,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Noto11,nice game
,Recommended,311690,22280195,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Salty Bob,"It's like the Nuclear throne I always wanted. More variety in upgrades and weapons, room generation isn't cramped, and beautiful tile designs. Put in 5 hours on first play session. Great game."
,Recommended,311690,22284085,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Hvcke,Bullets everywhereAnd a little bit more B U L L E T.
76561198066797881,Recommended,311690,22294217,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,PandaMonkey,This game is fun.The guns are great.The enemys look cool.The Flavour is great.The rush od adrenilan
76561198145748513,Recommended,311690,22294629,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,GloGangTony,"Game is fun, challenging, and addictive what else do i need to say :)"
76561198024514371,Recommended,311690,22295807,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,EmmetOhE,What more can I say that it's guns and dungeons.
,Recommended,311690,22295846,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Stivenberg,It's like a school shooting! Just without the school
,Recommended,311690,22296193,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,DJMarkeyMark,"I'll keep it sweet.Pros:-Extremly addicting (even solo)-Oddly rewarding for a game where you lose everything when you die-Asthetically pleasing-Under $15Cons:-A rather steep learning curve for mastery of chambers (Not getting hit once)-Lack of customizationSummation:I excluded all other points to make about this game, because they lack relevance to me. 9.5/10 Would reccomend!"
,Recommended,311690,22300634,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,djtechnokitteh,Like a mix of Binding of Issac and guns! This is a must get for those who like to play binding of issac/rouge-like games.
,Recommended,311690,22302895,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,S͜͡p͜͡u͜͡d͜͡d͜͡y7,"If you like rogue like games...JUST BUY ITYESTERDAY YOU SAID ""I'LL TRY IT""SO JUST BUY IT!-One Thing for the Devs, Make a room editor/creator so you can make and play custom gungeons made of randomly selected rooms made by other players."
76561197987113476,Recommended,311690,22302938,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,RADIERAH,"GOTY 2016, nothing more or less"
,Recommended,311690,22307973,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Papercut,"Wonderful game! It almost feels like a combination of the best parts of The Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne (as others have already stated). It takes some getting used to, but once you get into things the first few floors tend to fly by. I can honestly say that the farthest I've gotten was to the fourth floor boss (where I constantly took fire damage without standing in the fire... bug?). I still love it though! This seems like the kind of game that you can sink hours into without even knowing. After playing for a few hours, I've come to the conclusion that nothing quite matches the feeling of finding that perfect item synergy. It feels great to stomp on the bosses that you've been having trouble with!Other than some minor things that I've noticed (getting clipped through the edge of the wall, the fire damage on the third floor boss), this seems like a polished, fun, challenging and seemingly endless (weapon combinations, etc.) rougelike that is sure to entertain.I don't know if I'd give it a full 10/10, but 9.5 isn't too bad, right?"
76561198113681723,Recommended,311690,22255930,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Roll Fizzlebeef,"This game borrows so many of the best elements of many roguelikes (randomness and synergies of Isaac, bullet hell of Nuclear Throne, unlocking items like Necrodancer, floor skipping like Spelunky), and yet manages to feel like a completely fresh experience. It's very well balanced, always difficult but never unfair, and offers seemingly endless hours of replayability.Also has tons of potential for expansion (new items/weapons, characters, bosses, secrets, possibly daily runs), so I am looking forward to the future of this game, but the way it is right now is a complete, incredible experience. Highly recommended."
76561198077987676,Recommended,311690,22260832,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Macho Man,"A Macho review:*The shortest version*: 10/10*The less short version*: The rogue that doesn't miss a beat. Virtually no drop in entertainment from the first ten minutes, where I was figuring out the mechanics, to the three hours I continued to play before writing this review.*The Macho version*: This is rock hard in my book. The mechanics, as familiar as they sound/appear, come out feeling fresh and unique. Fluid control meets hectic ""please don't hurt me"" playstyle, all while dishing out satisfying lead/lazer justice. The procedural instance is very nice and I haven't encountered anything that seems ""same ol' same ol"" yet. I big stretch arm strong move for the Rogue-like genre. This will be a CLASSIC. Delver has really upped their game(pun?!) with this beauty. The level of detail they put into these pixels is as astounding as the merciless bullethell warfare they put into every door you open.And the beat goes on to give these guns a solid ""Rogue lovers/likers' must have."""
76561198131616402,Recommended,311690,22262808,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Gilagan,"When i first started playing the game i noticed that i had one of my characters missing from the fix it was the purple one.  So i looked around to see if and had a problem with it and no one else has the same problem, but it was a fun game untill then so i do recommend this game!"
,Recommended,311690,22263340,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hannibal Lecture,Roll dodged into a pit full of spikes.10/10 would do that again.
76561198042752742,Recommended,311690,22267482,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ReallySlickPic,"Hey Chris, are you happy with your purchase?I guess"
76561198000780508,Recommended,311690,22274208,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,grimgary,"Great game.  Very difficult, but not without its rewards.  I'm finding that so far, as a novice of the game and its systems that 'winning' the game isn't as fun as just playing the game.  As a developer of a similar game, having Enter the Gungeon in my library is an honor."
76561198198157791,Recommended,311690,22275348,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Euphoria,Awesome game with a ton of character. Honestly liking it more than TBOI.
,Recommended,311690,22258355,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,OJE,RIP Sleep...
76561198025010678,Recommended,311690,22258528,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Caged Nicolas,"Great style, great graphics, and a great sense of humor. Not as hard core as Nuclear Throne but what else is?"
,Recommended,311690,22258547,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DisturbedRican,Enter the Gungeon is an amazing fast paced rouge like rpg shooter bullet hell the controls are very simple and easy to use lots of fun mechanics like being able to dive role and jump over bullets with just one button simple weapon scrolling with the middle mouse shops awesome weapons and so much more this game is worth the money you will not be disappointed with this game.
,Recommended,311690,22258759,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hexdrix V.18.1,"This game is charming as all hell. As someone who has about 700 hours in Binding of Isaac, and a relatively short time having played Nuclear Throne, I can say that this game is stellar, and brings a lot to the table. The art and animations are well made, the enemies are deadly cute, and you even get a ♥♥♥♥ING PUPPY! I'd recommend this to pretty much everyone who likeseitherBinding of Isaac, Nuclear Throne, Rogue-Like games, or a fun, yet difficult challenge. I give it 10 Pixel Puppies out of 10 Cricket's Heads."
76561198102560874,Recommended,311690,22258832,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,187,12h30: Torrent the game12h35: Play the tutorial12h40: Instant buy10/10
76561198044759443,Recommended,311690,22258849,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Xerberus86,great rogue-lite bullet hell. ...bullet fun!
,Recommended,311690,22259001,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,EuphoriacA,"Fantastic bullet hell, roguelike which wears it's inspirations on it's sleeve while bringing a unique twist to what some would say is a saturated market."
,Recommended,311690,22259535,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Qtlol,Absolutely love this game!It's like The Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne had a love child
,Recommended,311690,22259837,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Templar,Get it.
76561198138684675,Recommended,311690,22260217,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Slothful,"This game has the addictiveness of candy crush and the gameplay of Binding of Isaac and nuclear throne. I find it incredibly hard to put this♥♥♥♥♥♥down and thats a good thing, The gameplay is so slik a fluid even on my shiity mac. BTW it is hard a balls."
76561198142265528,Recommended,311690,22260504,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Vycemor,"Played 30 minutesSaid: ""This games is f*cking hard""Records it:https://youtu.be/I0FqClL3M50:V! yey!Advertising like a man HAHAHAHAH"
,Recommended,311690,22262008,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Geistmann,"As others have said, it strikes a balance between the bullet hell of Nuclear Throne and the rogue-lite progression of Binding of Isaac. I've only played a couple hours, but so far I'm loving it!"
76561198202943444,Recommended,311690,22262195,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,cperdok,Great game only thing it is missing is online coop! besides that LOVE IT!
76561198211053933,Recommended,311690,22262307,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,bigboss04772,"Love this game, I have seen people complain about difficulty but I think it's hard in a good way. I have not beat the thied chamber in 6 hours of gameplay but I am still able to progess as in unlock guns and npc's, which is a big plus. The music on the main menu is brilliant and the art work is great. Overall I can't think of a bad thing to say about Enter The Gungeon. I'd honestly give it 10/10."
,Recommended,311690,22262347,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,FreshBazuble,"i shot and killed a little bullet and wanted to cryits good♥♥♥♥♥♥to be honest this game despite it being a bullet hell it provides a fair challenge and honestly flipping tables for cover, fighting giant knights with huge sword, FIGHTING CUTE LITTLE BULLETS WITH ♥♥♥♥ING GUNS!!! WHAAAAAAT!!!?!?! its pretty good stuff though buy it i rate 10/10 smooth gun play, cool mechanics"
76561198126559495,Recommended,311690,22262706,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,H3LL0,It's a game about shooting bullets at bullets that are shooting bullets at you. What more incentive do you need?
76561198037002389,Recommended,311690,22262801,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Abradolf Lincler,"great game, really really fun"
,Recommended,311690,22263091,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,Pretty good.
,Recommended,311690,22263181,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Reylleth,"This is the best time I've ever had running the same two levels over and over again while still hating myself because I'm losing to something called ""The Eye of the Beholster"""
76561198128987661,Recommended,311690,22263696,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Magictwic,"If this game looks like binding of isaac mixed with nuclear throne, that's because it is. And it is awesome."
76561198038419372,Recommended,311690,22271636,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,KindofScaryWalrus,I make shooty stick go bang bang
,Recommended,311690,22272054,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dayman,11/10
,Recommended,311690,22273519,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Gator Pete,Wreaked havoc with a water gun. Worth every penny.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RhvVWDdKPs
76561198129531155,Recommended,311690,22274583,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Xsuperstar,"Pretty good. Like previous reviewers are saying ""Binding of Isaac + Nuclear throne = Enter The Gungeon"". To me the only thing the game is missing is online co-op mode."
76561198207063264,Recommended,311690,22275118,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Antibum,l
,Recommended,311690,22276885,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,john,I only just started playing and it is really fun to play.
76561197987801349,Recommended,311690,22277284,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Cheez-it,"Only five hours in and I'm hooked harder than I was on Binding of Isaac. While it is a difficult game and I have yet to beat the third chamber boss, I am enjoying it even when I'm getting torn to shreds. Would definitly recommend for any fans of Rogue-li(t/k)es or just enjoy kill cut little bullet dudes."
,Recommended,311690,22278101,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Artio,lot of guns... lots and lots of guns.. no gunswords though
,Recommended,311690,22278421,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,justkyle93,This game is gud :)
76561198205852031,Recommended,311690,22280172,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,hansenite,No checkpoints...... fuuuhhh
76561198117074018,Recommended,311690,22293353,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,itssirtou,"Fun to play, rewards skill, and is generally fair unless it decides you don't get ammo."
,Recommended,311690,22293982,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Morphine,"I clocked in ~220 hours of The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth as of now, and I thought that would help me with this game. It helps a bit. Enter the Gungeon is a fun challenge, with more bullet hell than most. I would, without a doubt, recommend this game to a friend. It's got that classic pixel style with rouge-like elements; it's by far one of my favorite games now, and I haven't even hit ten hours on it."
,Recommended,311690,22294327,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,New Rob,Love this game!!! The visuals are beautiful. Gameplay and controls are perfect. This game looks amazing on the Surface Pro 4!!!!
76561198084150275,Recommended,311690,22295258,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Archduke  骨様,Game in shellnut: (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ gun(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ gun (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ shop (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ *dies*10/10
76561198072537945,Recommended,311690,22295272,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Mojomanmax,"This game is a great rougelike with awsome animations and style. I personaly love the feel of it. Be warned IT IS DIFFICULT you will die a lot.  The guns are plentyful and it feels great when you pick up a new one. Some are pretty terrible and some are amazing. There seem to be lots of secrets to unlock and challanges to do. The bosses can be insane but with practice mastery is attainable. My only sadness with the game is the lack of unlockable characters as there are only 2. I was hoping there were many more like in the Binding Of Issac. I hope they add new characters and chambers in an update or DLC. The co-op mode is fun but still super hard. If you enjoy games like the Binding Of Issac and want something new to master this is the game for you. As I said before the game has a dark souls level of difficulty, know this and get gud."
76561198038736122,Recommended,311690,22297210,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dargothur,"It's a great game. I'm always making progress, getting better at the game, but most importantly it's satisfing to play. Finding new things even 20 hours in the game."
76561198045199990,Recommended,311690,22303352,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,finn,Its awesome you should buy it even when its not on sale but  really buy it if your ever able to afford it even  if you have to wait for a sale first as its great.
,Recommended,311690,22303444,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Fwn,best
,Recommended,311690,22304107,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Majordj,This game is so hard is good. What you think will be a ez shooter turns out to be a blast even if you can't get past the first chapter lol
,Recommended,311690,22304473,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Toothpaste Tube,"If you look at this and think ""oh, another pixelshit rougelike"", you'd be right. But it still manages to be fun, fast, and challenging (if you like Nuclear Throne, you'll like this). The art is very beautiful, and the game has some great looking battles, with♥♥♥♥♥♥flying everywhere and explosions in a big bullet hell mess."
76561198044972340,Recommended,311690,22324652,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Necropolis,HEY BRO WE HERD U LIEK GUN SO WE PUT A GUN IN YO GUN SO YOU CAN GUN WHIEL U GUN
76561198120662670,Recommended,311690,22325312,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,tupinjsh,"Bougth the game today, LOVING IT!!!Thou i suck at it :D"
,Recommended,311690,22326420,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Alliedwar,Incredibly fun and replayable game.
,Recommended,311690,22327170,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Stare,11/10Maude Flanders is spinning in her grave!
76561198039024098,Recommended,311690,22327344,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,iGranty,Killed a big rocket shooting monster with a super soaker. 10/10.
,Recommended,311690,22328018,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Seedotb,Tough game. With the occasional cluttering of the screen with particles. Was worth it. Wurf.
76561198129026943,Recommended,311690,22328108,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,"eats ass once, haha nice",I'm triggered. In a good way. Buy this game.
,Recommended,311690,22322915,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Derehog,"The definition of the term ""bullet hell""."
,Recommended,311690,22323168,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Foe,Fun and gun.
76561198093066128,Recommended,311690,22323176,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,dank ✪ charizard,this game is great. i got sooo addicted. i was sick and played it all day mastering the controls. if you are good or bad its a very challenging game and it is very fun.
,Recommended,311690,22366424,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Hollow Knight,"very good, and very chalenging. Diffenitaly recomend to anyone looking for a challenge. My only complaint would be there is a lack of starting charcters (and a lack of vareity to the 4 currentl in the game). I would also love to see online multiplayer, so I could play gungeon with freinds, without having to have two control inputs into one computer. This makes it confusing to play co op and right now co op is not polished enoguh to be enjoyable. Single player is what its designed for though, and it damn near perfects the bullett hell genre."
76561198120696949,Recommended,311690,22834994,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Slug,"Hard, but good."
,Recommended,311690,22882448,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Dat kid/squid,420/10 would rage again......Tbh tho gr8 game BEST ROUGE-LIKE I EVER PLAYED
76561198138114016,Recommended,311690,22884623,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,[82DK-M]AngelAffinity,Heres a story for ya. Boy sells some csgo skins to buy this game seeing it seemed fun. Downloads the game all excited and jittery. Goes in gets ready... falls off the map right off. Then i go into the real gungeon(i know not even their yet and i die RIP) goes through about 15 times with out steping into the boss room. Final i get their with a grubgun. Kills my self with its lasting effect. cried. I recomend this game if you need to kill time and you f*cking hate your self. 10 deaths per 2 mins Rip20 bullets out of 21 bullets
76561198136452536,Recommended,311690,22855420,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Jomscatkings,Enter the Gungeon is what would happen if Nuclear Throne and The Binding of Issac had a baby that Joined the NRA
,Recommended,311690,22857706,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Vandor11,Best gamees
76561198104361637,Recommended,311690,22858127,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Sky,Amazing game but seeing this in the long run maby some addons commng from people or just very large expansion to just enhance the game even more Recommend this game
,Recommended,311690,22858846,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Nycklex,"The game is good, and i love it's art but theres one problem... It doesn't have multiplayer via internet. That's the weak point. But rather than that this game is awesome!"
76561197989390692,Recommended,311690,22864397,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Andrewv,The game is missing online co op. It was the only dissapointment I had after I bought it. That aside it is still worth your money.
76561197997236321,Recommended,311690,23866313,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bambi Sammich,I've only played for a few minutes and I'm hooked. This game is incredibly fun.
,Recommended,311690,27760133,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pöök,its good. theres gun jokes
76561198314896549,Not Recommended,311690,28846679,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,X3n0Spirit,"Yet another game I can put in the depressingly-ever-growing list of ""things that could have been amazing but were ruined by cynical/awful choices"" alongside Monster Hunter with it's fossilized game mechanics and anything in RWBY after Penny's death.  (♥♥♥♥ Miles and Karrey and #ScrewsterTeeth) This game, very much like Spelunky, even if it's still nowhere near as ♥♥♥♥awful as Spelunky is, can be so scarce with health pickups if you're not Lucky Luckerton from Lucktown USA, and even then it will still ♥♥♥♥ you over just for the hell of it. The Bosses can be kind of decently challenging in kind of fair way, but the♥♥♥♥♥♥in between entering the level and fighting them is so unfair and tedious that it honestly ruines things. Plus, for a game where the only real way to have a chance to make some modicum of progress (Only for it to probably kill you anyways with some obtuse, unfair death because ""kek Arr En Gee Gitt Gewd exdee"".) is to ""Mastur teh Doge Rall exdee"" it's not that reliable unless you have perfect timing and reaction skills. (And that's just to get past the second stage, god knows how bad it is in the actual endgame)At least with games like Let it Die, the game is free and it's arcade-like mechanics make sense because of that, trying to squeese you for money by the $1 revives (and at least LiD DID give you instant revives) and at least it actually made the shorcut/elevators actually worth something since you can actually prepare your character with decent equipment before you go kill things. At least with Rogue Legacy you can permanently upgrade your characters to make the next run a bit less difficult. At least with Isaac, health drops are more frequent, allowing for a decently fair room for error without making it too easy. This is just... Not that fun. You shouldn't have to have the ability to predict 100 things at once to be able to get past the second area, but it does and while it would be acceptable to have this as like some kind of Impossible/Critical/Whatever difficulty that's optional, this kind of ""♥♥♥♥ you do a perfect run or else you're screwed"" difficulty is forced on you.Hope those edgy MLG Pro h4rdc0re gam3r funbucks was worth ruining a perfectly good game, Devolver. Anyone interested should stay away from this mess. Don't be an idiot like me who saw gameplay of it and got charmed and ended up mashocistically getting hooked in an attempt to spitefully salvage the good that's trying to escape from all the game-ruiningly cynical design choices, spend money on a game that's actually better than just kind of okay like Enter the Gungeon is.Stop praising games for their artificial difficulty just because you have a kink for games being more fustrating than fun."
76561198003003967,Recommended,311690,22264113,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Croyd_Crenson,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,311690,22264550,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Maximus,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻
76561198038174644,Recommended,311690,22264588,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Vanitas,Pirated GamePlayed 3 GamesBought GameBye
76561198109511994,Recommended,311690,22264968,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,thefinder808,"So I haven't played a ton, but my first impressions are very positive. Like many others have said this game is very much like Nuclear Throne meets Binding Of Isaac, with it's own unique style sprinkled in for good measure. It's more thoughtful and deliberate than Nuclear Throne, and has larger rooms and a very different atomosphere than Isaac. So far I've really enjoyed this game, and I'm looking forward to playing it more!"
,Recommended,311690,22269984,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,God,"This game is incredible!I haven't played much yet but, from what I have watched (a substantial amount) and played this game is really cool!Pros +Amazing artVariety is really interestingReally good for rogue-like genre(Fans of Issac, this is a must have)Difficulty isn't overwhelmingCons -Some weapon balencing requiredMaybe higher drop rates in places"
76561198099031777,Recommended,311690,22271067,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,I Dream of Dank Memes,Very fun game however I find there is quite a large jump in difficulty from first floor to second. Also guns that I pick up seem to sometimes be worse than my starting gun. Worth the buy though.
,Recommended,311690,22278781,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dahl,It's fun but tough!
76561198044425538,Recommended,311690,22280320,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Constanze B. Albrechtsberger,I have a love-hate relationship with this game.
,Recommended,311690,22293316,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Turnip,"this is surprisingly amazingi was pretty hesitant ""mmm $15 for a top-down bullet hell- mehhhh""after watching some gameplay and a few whiskey+cokes i got interested so grabbed it,just finished my 3rd run and its a LOT of funit sorta feels like nuclear throne meets diabloive tried 2 of the 5 classes,the marine had armor which added an extra heart and a basic blaster pistoland the huntress had a revolver which you fire off really quick and a crossbow for the 1-shotzzzafter an hour it seems pretty varied with a cool die-wash-repeat way of learning"
76561198075336899,Recommended,311690,22293658,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,TotalTitillation,This game is almost more like  Spelunky than Isaac especially in terms of difficulty.
76561198201762211,Recommended,311690,22294114,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Pavan,"I like guns, you like guns, we all like guns. So get this game. It has guns."
76561198033419637,Recommended,311690,22295710,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Haresay,"This game is Epic,I've never played a rogue like that reminded me so much of so many other fun games, but had it's own driving twist. It's a challange right out of the gate once you get going. It's hard to put down, and easy to pick up. I get a laugh at every item I come across, and marvel at the skill needed to fight the enemies.This game is Great, I can't wait to see this game expand!"
76561198007096935,Recommended,311690,22295862,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,IxIIIxIIIxVII,Great overall feel to this game.  Love the art.  Love the music.  Love the style.
,Recommended,311690,22258673,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ruka★,A pigeon with a minigun killed me while I was flying around on my jetpack.Winners don't use drugs.
76561197999401276,Recommended,311690,22259167,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Notter,"For those who loved Binding of Isaac, and want something more challenging, this is it."
76561197962473519,Recommended,311690,22259319,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Caff,"Some games are awesome within the first 10 minutes, and you know they're great.  This is one of those games."
,Recommended,311690,22262530,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Admin,"The only problem I have with this game, which is a problem in most games recently, is the multiplayer gaming feature.Its only local co-op!!!... you give us a myriad of characters to use, and only give you the ability to play locally with one other person. This means they are stuck with the one character that you can use for the local co-op. Meaning the other characters are more or less unused in the game unless you select another. That to me hits a brick wall. This bullet hell game is a great game, even in the small amount of time I played it so far, which is less than an hour and a half, I can thourally say I already enjoy the game immensely. I am disappointed at the lack of online co-op. A game like this shouldn't be that hard to implement online co-op, especially since you already have the ability to play local co-op. This is an option that simplyMUSTto be implemented."
76561198209965351,Recommended,311690,22267736,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,jwodie,"I had an absolute blast for the first several hours, the gun focus of nuclear throne, but the targeting handles a controller better, most everything I like about Isaac but without the creepy subtext. Awesome. But after I had played several hours, I tried to boot it back up and just got a black screen, and now that's all I get when I open the game. no audio. wish I could play this game I just bought and really like."
,Recommended,311690,22697948,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Fonzcorp,Difficult as all hell. Stupid and awesome guns. Stupid and awesome powerups. Beautiful pixel art. Right up my alley.Do not recommend this game to peeps who have f***s to give.
76561198014070892,Recommended,311690,22629373,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,The Empty Child,"If you enjoy easy games, this one is not for you. If you like to feel you are good at games and your life has not been a complete waste, this one is not for you. If you enjoy overcoming insane odds in the face of a hailstorm of bullets, this one is for you. If you like constant, horrific puns, this one is for you."
,Recommended,311690,22643699,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,56cool7,you can play as a homocidal bullet killing your own people (unless you suck like me and never actualy got close to unlocking him)10/10
,Recommended,311690,29913310,Posted: 13 February,all,BlackDynamite,"Aids, but fun aids."
,Recommended,311690,27541230,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thomas Delaney,ragequit
76561198116655491,Recommended,311690,22689995,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,v3.segen,I play it like a Stormtrooper.
76561198067676234,Recommended,311690,22700673,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mitch689,"This game is just so cool, a lot of enemies, bullets, guns, npcs, bullets, items, bosses, secrets and what else.. umh oh yeah.. Bullets!If you like rougue-like/bullet-hell games, and you looking for some challenges in your games just give a chance to EtG and you wont regret."
76561198071893153,Recommended,311690,25007216,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TheHawk,Great game. Tough but fair and very fun.
,Recommended,311690,25102805,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Smoco13,Fun game. But it needs online co-op.
,Recommended,311690,24911018,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Mooel,Yes.
,Recommended,311690,24912886,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Spooked Sylveon,This game is harder than my d**k.I can't get past the 2nd floor. But it's still awesome.
,Recommended,311690,24919059,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Gottschkopf,"Nice, but it's hard, so don't complain if you die a lot."
76561198313224913,Recommended,311690,30532735,Posted: 15 March,all,Ichibugin_Zoro,"This game is literally my favorite thing to play. Awesome characters, nice gameplay, amazing random settings and bosses. Could use more work on the story though. And it crashes a few times though. I'd rate it 11/10 though. A real hard game to beat though. Which is the best. Love This Game."
,Recommended,311690,30524579,Posted: 15 March,all,Darkshield,Everything is good except challenge mode. Challenge mode is RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Recommended,311690,30532351,Posted: 15 March,all,PhoenixDawg,Basically the Blinding of Isaac with flamethrowers and ♥♥♥♥ing everything.
,Recommended,311690,30534063,Posted: 15 March,all,DrunkenTowel,"started a game. got a brown chest. hit ""quick restart"". 8/10"
,Recommended,311690,30154540,Posted: 24 February,all,rogueWithLoveForRogues,Goal for 2017: Beat this game.More ambitious than getting a girl
76561197989879552,Recommended,311690,24070787,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Vaco,"You really need a controller to play this game on a PC or else it's just a waste of time...A,S,D,W my♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198169961813,Recommended,311690,23445338,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Ilovetsuruko,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
,Recommended,311690,30523674,Posted: 15 March,all,lamented12,You get a lot of bang for your buck.;)
76561198097377539,Recommended,311690,27106660,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bill Nye the CI Spy,"Shooting Guns at Guns......................... ""GUNCEPTION"""
76561198166834435,Recommended,311690,30434590,Posted: 10 March,all,Flowery hellcase.com,IT WONT LET ME PLAY WITH A KEYBOARD AND MOUSE BUT THE GAME LOOKS SO COOL WTF
,Recommended,311690,24047406,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,JDlee10,An amazing shooter well worth the price and grate co-op
76561198079547570,Recommended,311690,25317512,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Sarcasm,AMAZING GAME but it is crazy hard so beware
76561198126504087,Recommended,311690,25330413,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Lardo Retardo,its were good innit
76561198089650524,Recommended,311690,25354633,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Orange,Its okay
,Recommended,311690,22332382,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,geraqui,"i disliked it, I can see how others would like itEDIT: I love this game: Addicting ASFPros- Extremely Addicting-Nice Graphics-AffordableCons-Soundtrack is OK-if you dont get a good gun early on then youre f*cked"
76561198042854579,Recommended,311690,24600067,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ItsKosher,I'd give this game  an overall 10/10. The game is just so good. Rouge-like with amazing gameplay. It also has generally well co-op.
,Recommended,311690,24052981,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,rObey | csgoroll.com,One of the best Dungeon Crawlers out there =)
76561198078191002,Recommended,311690,24766413,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Thrainn,Really fun but would be better with online CO-OP
76561198061193770,Recommended,311690,25181742,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Drop,I love the hell out of this game but who else would by the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a sword version with all new weapons enemies and passives/active like that would be so spicy.
76561197988737056,Recommended,311690,25334909,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Aido,very good
,Recommended,311690,32941909,Posted: 28 June,all,M1ndstorms,"When you think you found the most adsurd gun, you will find more.dificult but extremley fun"
,Recommended,311690,22259563,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,cum,"This game is HARD. like, ROCK HARD.The mechanics are all great, amazing even. The game is a TON of fun.However, even as someone with multiple hundreds of hours in games like Binding of Isaac, Risk of Rain, and Nuclear Throne, this game still manages to be EVEN more difficult.If you don't mind the INSANE level of difficulty compared to other games in the similar genre, it's a solid buy, But the difficulty *IS* honestly a bit too much"
76561198060891102,Recommended,311690,22305784,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,WARPzone,"This game is packed with action, gun humor and content.Conparable to binding of isaac but with more bullets, explosions and massive, creative content."
76561197961802295,Recommended,311690,22305874,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,ateo.ars,"I was told there'd be guns!!111!!!1My bigggest beef with this game is the rarity of finding guns. I mean, we're entering the ""Gungeon"", so where are all the awesome guns we were promised? True, you will find some cool guns, but you'll most likely be using your starting weapon as your main well into the second floor area. Can you kill the 1st and 2nd floor bosses with the starting weapon? Yes... Is it tedious to do so? YES! Look, this is what the game promises: ""The Guns: Discover and unlock scores of uniquely fantastic guns to annihilate all that oppose you in the Gungeon"". So why are the guns so rare?Don't get me wrong, I really do enjoy the overall atmosphere and gameplay, but this game would be so much better if I didn't spend so much of my time schlepping around with the boring starting weapons."
,Recommended,311690,22385758,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,⊹ Whalester ⊹,"This a super good game like the binding of Isac. If you don't like that game, I really think you will enjoy this game.I waited for this game on launch day. soo good. there is a really funny side to this game, and its so fun. there are easter eggs and merchants and charaters you care about that you meat that make the game feel so alive. the  boss fights are awesome so awesome. there are a LOAD of guns in this game, after a hundred play-throughs there are still many many items I have not used yet. there is an achivement where you flip a table and then push it off a cliff. well the dlc, as of Tusday, April 12, 2016 5:04 PM. is not woth it at all, well the sound track is something.HIghly recommed this title. ~9.8/10~"
,Recommended,311690,29564869,Posted: 29 January,all,perAYEAN,so FUN!
,Recommended,311690,22644031,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ShadowObsidion | Twitch.tv,AWESOME AND ADDICTING!
,Recommended,311690,22690296,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Jesus Chist,brilliant and addicting
,Recommended,311690,22694400,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Get_High II The Real Lord beeruS,Nuclear throne + binding of isaac = Enter the gungeon = Crazy game
,Recommended,311690,22518456,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,HatakeJade,Super hard but super addicting!
76561198063178569,Recommended,311690,29918623,Posted: 14 February,all,Cruxious,The game is too easy.
76561198086658348,Recommended,311690,22462279,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,kissmepuppy,Im 2 lazy to say why this game is good...But its goood :D
76561198083533266,Recommended,311690,22517667,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Trouser snake $kank magnet$,"Gungeon can be a hard game to step in tbh, they immediately shuv the story in ur face without any warning and expect u to understand the game in the first couple of seconds. The tutorial is helpfull, but doesn't cover nearly enuff for you to understand the basics of the game. Some people might like the hole concept of getting no explenation and just having to survive but It really wasn't optimal. The first few runs, I didn't know what the ♥♥♥♥ I was doing... BUT this game overcomes It's flaws in flying colours. Once u really get the hang of the game and take a bite of the rich world and inviorment It's build in, there Is no coming back.The combat is satisfying due to being smooth and thrilling, yet very challenging. With a range of weapons and items to chose from, this game keeps surprising me. Some really creative weapons require new types of playstyles, which keeps the game fresh and new. The difficulty of enemies and bosses feels just about right, though it takes time and practice to overcome them (at first). There is a lot of room for growth in skill, which in itself can be very satisfying. I'm not really a fan of this genre, but this one keeps pulling me back.So ofcourse, It's an obvious must buy."
,Recommended,311690,22456415,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,derps,"(Also sorry if my english isnt all that great I didnt feel like going back to correct all of this)Sooooo, recently i've been reading lots of really harsh reviews for enter the gungeon and since I dont want people to be driven away from this AWESOME game i'm gonna list my opinions in the shortest way I can.Enter the Gungeon is a roguelike, bullet hell with lots of cool mechanics and items that make the game interesting.BUT you may be thinking, "" EVERYONE SAYS YOU NEED A GOOD GUN TO WIN OR THAT THE GAME IS POINTLESS CAUSE YOU JUST DONT GET BETTER"" And to that I respond with a simple ""Dont believe what you hear until you try it"" on average those people who review it in that way have either no prior experience with bullet hells or they just dont have the willingness to continue improving at the game""THE GAME IS FAIR, rarely do I ever die and say ""Ugh this game is so F#@%king Bull@!#t""Enter the Gungeon honestly might just be the hardest game i've EVER played in my life but that's why i've always enjoyed it more than games such as TBOI (and I almost like it more than nuclear throne :D), so I can understand lots of the responses from the community about difficulty but I dont think that just cause a game is hard it's particularly ""Bad""After all lets list some of the games pro's and con's.Pros- Great soundtrack- Lots of cool mechanics (espescially when it comes to table fliping items)- Secret levels- Enough content to put ALOT of other games to shame- Looks REALLY nice when you turn on shaders and  lighting to max- THE DEVS LISTEN, HUZZAHCons- Certain guns are just TOO weak to want to use them *cough* snowballer *cough (There aren't too many that really needs a buff though)- I agree that the enemy hp scaling is kinda silly but it doesnt really annoy me TOO much (maybe make it that your starting pistol damage scales per floor a little?)So overall I think Enter the Gungeon is a very good game with some ""annoying"" issues that can VERY easily be fixed if the devs just get to work on it so with all that said I would have to rate this game A MUST BUY for people who love games like Nuclear Throne and TBOI and an overall score of a 7.5/10 :D"
,Recommended,311690,30761323,Posted: 26 March,all,durnsey,"A great roguelike for the first few hours, diverse weapons and challenging foes. Let down by the insane decision to have no level-unlocks until you've got good enough to 'perfect' the bosses. So in essence, you have to start from the beginning every time, until you're so good that the first part of the game is boring. If they had included a 'once complete, start from the next level' option (with less achievements or whatever), the game would have had significantly more longevity. As it is, Gungeon remains a fun 5-10 hours for the average player, and a fantastic long-term game for twitch-gods."
76561198033557986,Recommended,311690,22322101,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Xenon,"Dark souls!? boys play dark souls. Men, now men play ETG.________________________________________________________________________________Start the actual review: EtG is a bullet hell dungeon crawler game (With guns!) meaning its combat mechanics are quite similar to that of undertales, now I think about it... combat IS its only mechanic. It has 8 bit graphics (that work Reeeealy well)Personally, I bloody love the game, wish I had more spare time to play it, but there are a few cons, and things I know some people won't like:Pros:Simple and easy to learnEasy to have a quick 10 minute go inbetween all the things we have to doHundreds of weapons, abilitys and Items to pick up. (albeit some more common than others)Highly addictiveVariables:Insanely hard to master (Seriously, my first 10 hours and I coulden't beat the first boss)Its 8 bit graphics (Imho they work really well, my friend tells me otherwise)Very similar to the binding of issac and its likesCons:Repetative enemys (They all look near enough the same inside there types, just a blue shell instead of a red shell, that fires a bit faster)Very minimal explanation as to why you are in the gungeonRepetative weapons (there are hundreds of different weapons, make no mistake, but most of them are super rare, theres about 10 that you will find every few runs)My overall verdict: 9 /10. Buy the game, and if you really hate it, theres always steam refunds, but lets be honest, I'm pretty sure you won't"
,Recommended,311690,22341811,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,doobiewoob,"Don't listen to these people saying you need a top tier gun to win. I know I just got it, but I've been playing on a firends computer and watching many people play it. If you just pick up a rogue like, such as gungeon, you will not win for a long time. If you would like to compare it to Isaac, do you need Brimstone or Moms Knife to win every run? No. You must learn game mechanics in order to win, you could beat the game with the starting weapon if you learn the mechanics. Just buy it and have fun.ad"
,Recommended,311690,22341889,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,BCKFSH,ADD MULTILAYER PLOX!!!!!!1111eleven!!11!luv u <3
76561198010804834,Recommended,311690,22342604,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,VIVIX,I can't believe how difficult this game is. 5 hours in and feel as if I've barely scratched the surface. Of course at this point I only have made it to the 4th level a couple of times.
76561198028809323,Recommended,311690,22344180,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,P3454nt,SOOO DANK! What i hoped nuclear throne would be (i still like nuclear throne)
76561198068541247,Recommended,311690,22343178,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Mikemarksman,"Amazing, but hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ be forewarned...X gun give it to ya."
,Recommended,311690,22343244,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Taratang,The best thing since sliced-Isaac. 10/10 Would murder the literal and figurative past again.
,Recommended,311690,22343608,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,moOx,don't buy if u'r easy to cry..
76561198040408033,Recommended,311690,22351556,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Willcox,best game ive played in 5 ever
76561198137105441,Recommended,311690,22351596,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,HahaNice,"Extremely fun rouge like game, that I've only put so much time into, but love nevertheless. Play this game! Please, it's worth every cent!"
76561198171873214,Recommended,311690,22346893,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,✪ The Real El Chapo ✪,Pretty fun game. Needs multiplayer but still good.
76561198170438521,Recommended,311690,22346997,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,new phone who dis?,"Great Game.I find it amusing the people that complain about not seeing any progress if they don't beat the game yet there are:Hegemony credits after defeating bosses which you use to purchase weapons for the futurenpcs to find in the gungeon to fill the breachChallenges you can complete after finding said npcsElevator man you need to give objects toWhat should you take from that? People will complain about games they aren't good at. There's plenty to do besides just ""Beat every run or you don't progress or have fun"""
,Recommended,311690,22347030,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Sarcastick,Great game... the game speaks for itself
,Recommended,311690,22347554,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Blind Unlined,it gud
,Recommended,311690,22347852,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,smerf,"if you like isaac, you will probably like this.great rouge-lite with all the guns you could ever need,"
76561198088917590,Recommended,311690,22348022,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,✪ Shrewdd ツ,bullets shooting bullets that shoot bullets... collect bullets and buy more bullets. 10/10
76561198065307462,Recommended,311690,22348153,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,bricks,gud
,Recommended,311690,22348392,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,HortonEW,"This game is really fun/addictive, and hard as hell."
,Recommended,311690,22356164,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,5iM,Watched the intro video.You can table flip (╯°□°)╯ ┻━┻Add to cart
,Recommended,311690,22356235,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SuperCoolBoy,6 hours and i didnt pass the first floor yet 10/10
,Recommended,311690,22356979,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,{DLF} rensbeen,"I really like this game and if you enjoy bullet hell and rough-like games, I highly suggest you give this game a try.For a more in-depth review:https://youtu.be/l1bInTbgkbs"
,Recommended,311690,22397667,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,DiiGiiTAL,"LOVE THIS GAME!A few bits of feedback for the devs:1. Items in first level shop can be too expensive.2. There should be progression weapons to unlock so you can go into the Gungeon with more than just the starting gun. Or,3. Guns should drop a bit more frequently.4. Maybe implement a way of increasing stats over time. Using Hedgemony?"
76561197984129086,Recommended,311690,22397890,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Incognito2me,So very addictive. A fantastic rogue-like with a massive variation of guns and a decent amount of other items that spice up your runs and make them different every time!
,Recommended,311690,22398849,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Alpha_1337,"Hard game, wayyyyyyyy harder than isaac par example.dont play more than 2 times a time xdd"
,Recommended,311690,22399682,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Orion,"This game is, in my opinion, one of the best games that I've played in a long time, if not ever. Words don't do justice; if you want to know about this game, look it up on youtube. Exhilarating action, clever names, funny jokes... This game combines all of the good parts of Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, Nuclear Throne, and pop culture."
76561198151727261,Recommended,311690,22399830,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,#gains,"In my honest opinion, this is a fun and difficult game. The difficulty I found is using the wasd on my keyboard beause I am not used to playing games like this on this type of control format. Highly recommend a comtroler for this game if you don't play a lot of game in the wasd format since you are constantly moving around and changing directions."
,Recommended,311690,22400766,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,gαвє ησëℓ,"Good game! Made me want to kill myself, more than once."
,Recommended,311690,22400775,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,QueueSS,"Amazing game, very responsive controls, great graphics, all the guns are tons of fun to use, and none of the enemies seem unfair once you've got the pattern down. Tons of secrets as well, i can see myself playing hundreds of hours of this game."
76561198075690874,Recommended,311690,22401320,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,iphonies,"♥♥♥♥ you you stupid piece of mind numbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Im so ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that bullet didn't hit me! I ♥♥♥♥ing rolled through it. Oh wow, these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. WTF where did you come from. 10/10 would rage again"
,Recommended,311690,22401669,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,hacksoi,Awesome game
76561198136870379,Recommended,311690,22402001,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,BebopBebop,"Loveing this game, but id love to see online co-op so i can play with friends on steam/skype, plus i kinda suck and could use the help XD yet to even see the third floor much less beat the second boss."
,Recommended,311690,22402230,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,GeneralP,"The gunding of isaac + paraguntical activity + nuclear gunthrone = Enter the Gungeon.Bullet madness, guns, guns from another games, guns from movies.Guns and bullets EVRYWHERE! maybe u r bullet... or ur shoes... or anything else.The binding of isaac + paranautical activity + nuclear throne = Enter the Gungeon.19/11 Guns, this is one of the best Rouge-like ever made."
,Recommended,311690,22402715,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,KnowledgeableAnt,"I really do like this game, and theres just so many guns and gun puns and its glorious. you can even tackle enemies with the dodge roll. My ONE complaint that I absolutely HATE is the fact that there is damge on touch with every enemy, and that is really stupid."
76561198123458769,Recommended,311690,22403119,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MuFFiN$wAG87,This game is amazing. I never really liked bullet hell's until i saw this game. I 100% recomend this game to anyone who likes bullet hell.
76561198159474173,Recommended,311690,22403485,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Spooncan,Pretty funny game with tons of secrets. I was surprised the shop keeper actually shot me lol
76561198125143086,Recommended,311690,22403496,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,hastagmoist,Enter generic comment about Nuclear Throne and Issac baby
,Recommended,311690,22404495,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,jxanadu,Better then funfetti cake
76561198070866519,Recommended,311690,22404737,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Pryce,"Great game, full of gun puns and pun guns (you'll know when you play it.)"
,Recommended,311690,22404961,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Felyx00101,"I honestly love this game but i would absolutely love it if there was a non-local multiplayer, since i play on PC. it would be absolutely great. but not including that part 10/10"
76561198005691155,Recommended,311690,22405402,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MidRaidAFK,This is my new 'go-to' game.  22+ hours in and every run still makes me go 'just one more'
,Recommended,311690,22405439,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,AJones97,"The beauty of this game, so much to do, so more to come, its a roguelike i am ready to play for a vary long time."
76561198022881265,Recommended,311690,22334188,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kavos,Please expand this game.
76561198116113779,Recommended,311690,22335510,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,kentoran,almost impossable to beat the bosses
,Recommended,311690,22329755,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,HotCocoaBoy,"It's like a rouge like borderland game. Guns, guns, and more guns.♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is fun. Play it if you like guns. This game has guns. 10/10. Guns"
,Recommended,311690,22329824,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,buenaventura,Not since Risk of Rain has an Action Rogue-Like gotten me so hooked.
76561198044114033,Recommended,311690,22329939,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,PawncakesNrofls,instant classic
,Recommended,311690,22330506,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,krampus,"Great game! If you like Binding of Isaac, you will love this game."
76561198048477781,Recommended,311690,22330536,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Your Crush,this game is super awwwsome
,Recommended,311690,22330550,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,vmi9,A great game if you enjoy harder games. Lots of replayability and if you're an binding of isaac fan this game is even better.
,Recommended,311690,22330814,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jmac,Lovin' this game
,Recommended,311690,22331056,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Farmer Billy,"Yeah, get it."
,Recommended,311690,22489406,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,『Sora』,Everything is a bullet pun and I am overwhelmed with all of them flying everywhich way.10/10.
,Recommended,311690,22490866,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Acrimony,I got shot by a knife with a gun 10/10
,Recommended,311690,22492213,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Bretasaurus,"so. basically,I eat♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,311690,22464585,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Communism,"First 1 and a 1/2 hours:Start: Lose health stupidlyDie like an idiot to the bossRepeatHour  1- 3:Lose no health to the bullet kinBarely survive bossGo to second floorDie from Iron, no wait, Lead(because of bullet puns) MaidonRepeatHour 3+: Play the gameDieRepeatThat one epic game:Beat the 5th bossCraft the bulletKill the pastWin!Repeat with the other 3 characters and realise you've wasted 2 weeks of your life (I'm still working on that final goal)"
76561198062772338,Recommended,311690,22465320,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Scumboy,"This game is so much fun! but it needs to have multiplayer coop, that would be awesome. Who has friends in real life anymore? All I do is talk to people over the internet. So please add multiplayer co-op. not just local co-op."
,Recommended,311690,22465461,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,AJPC,Fish aren't the only ones that roll...
,Recommended,311690,22470260,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,MiR1019,"I've been waiting for Dark Souls 3 ever since it was announced. I was so hyped, I pre-ordered it. Now that I'm playing it, I would definitely say it's going to be in a lot of people's top 10 for this year.But for some reason, I just love this game more.I haven't spent as much time on it as Dark souls 3, but I'm probably going to spend more time on this in the future. With it's Binding of Isaac-esque gameplay, beautiful graphics, hilarious visuals, and amazing soundtrack, once I'm done with Dark Souls 3, I'll continue playing this for a long, long time."
76561198054804294,Recommended,311690,22470286,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Wanker,"Please help me, I think I became addicted to this game."
,Recommended,311690,22476688,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,jamesGAMES1221,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!! but i'm typing this reveiw because i found a glitch! i was playing as the hunter on the 1st chamber and i found a tan orange chest which was glitching out with codes and stuff. i opened it up with a key and i was transported to the 2nd chamber and the only room there was the boss room! i went inside and the red eye boss was there! but THERE WAS TWO OF THEM!!!!!!!!!! the text was all disorted. there was a giant laser and bullets and rockets at the SAME TIME! i died almost instantly. PLEASE FIX THIS!!
,Recommended,311690,22477569,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,ConflictingPower,"Great Game, Tho varry Hard. Thats All Thats Needed To Be Said."
,Recommended,311690,22479213,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dahrr,"Great game, not for casuals. :]"
76561197969395791,Recommended,311690,22479702,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,GetUser,"I was really fan of Nuclear Throne, then I really love Enter the Gungeon. The gameplay is very attractive, then it's fully more playable with gamepad than nuclear throne. This game is hard, but very enjoyable . The graphisms are also very cute. So you have absolutly no reasons to don't buy it and test it."
76561198147895512,Recommended,311690,22479843,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Purgles,Very comfotable!
76561198086323357,Recommended,311690,22479862,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,ovvZ csgoatse.com,"Enter the Gungeonis a Bullet Hell Dungeon Crawler filled with difficult action.If you enjoy Difficult games then you will enjoy this game.If you like The Binding of Issac, you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,311690,22479901,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Lyanor,"Tjhe game is fun and has plenty of nice features, the one thing I think it needs is an online multiplayer as opose to only doing local multiplayer."
,Recommended,311690,22480563,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Toaster,"Think Binding of Isaac with more of a focus on Player's skill. Holy hell this game. This game is amazing. Why are you still reading this review, go buy it, It's a quarter the price of a Triple A game with 10x the content."
,Recommended,311690,22483074,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Superzio,Really nice mix between roguelike and bullethell !
76561198108408872,Recommended,311690,22483315,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,dejp1993,"Similar to Nuclear Throne, Gauntlet 2014, Smash TV, Chaos Engine, Shock Troopers, and countless others.  If you love(d) those games, then you will love this one.  It is awesome.  Co-op does seem a little tacked on, since player 2 can only be one character.  I hope they fix that!  Still 5/5 for me, even if they don't."
76561198033904344,Recommended,311690,22483472,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,To masz wpierdol,"This game is wonderful, but I dont know why my character havent got any textures during the game ;("
,Recommended,311690,22489278,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,I would like death please,I have one word and one word only......Bullet
,Not Recommended,311690,22462114,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Karl Marx ☭,This game does not work for mac.  All it is is a black screen.  if you have mac DO NOT buy this until fixed.
76561198202533629,Recommended,311690,22313656,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Nigeru Faggimus,"Great game, will definitly hook Nuclear Throne players."
76561198234069740,Recommended,311690,22313668,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,舞夜°ソ,"I swear add simple chinese this game will be sell more in china.thanks for game,(╯‵□′)╯︵┻━┻"
,Recommended,311690,22308086,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,8_bit,Pretty fun and well designed roguelite.
,Recommended,311690,22308195,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Stovvadz,I kill bullets with bullets. 10/10
,Recommended,311690,22444381,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,kazannova,sadly no online co op
76561198120584390,Recommended,311690,22445580,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Pathetic,"Had an amazing runWas looking pretty good other than only having half a heartShot a veteran shotgun kin, i looked away, and it exploded into bulletsI dided along with my dreams9/10 would have dream run crushed again"
76561198212063629,Recommended,311690,22441555,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,lightninggeo,"This is a very fun game, and i highly recommend it, BUT it can be pretty hard at times, but in a fun challenging way!"
76561198155422117,Recommended,311690,22421629,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,kvfun123,"it's awesome,and it would be cool if you could make servers but it would cost a bit with a server ID.Then when people want guns and items from the shop you can want orwant until somebody does it."
,Recommended,311690,22421847,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,toph,I'm likin' it a whole lot.
76561198046122260,Recommended,311690,22317752,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,sir kiwi the III,very good game
,Recommended,311690,22317932,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,pewpewpew.
,Recommended,311690,24141519,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TacoBell562,i need help everytime i go to chamber 3 or 2 the background goes crazy and my gune are in different pixel cna someone help me plz
,Recommended,311690,33164656,Posted: 2 July,all,✦Georgia<3✦,Good
,Recommended,311690,33034936,Posted: 30 June,all,Nadryll,good game
,Recommended,311690,27340184,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,owo,good game
,Recommended,311690,33009621,Posted: 29 June,all,Epicman1549,Good game but takes a while to get good.
76561197970319022,Recommended,311690,29523500,Posted: 27 January,all,FerrousBueller,"I've only played for 2.6 hours so far, and I think I've only beaten the second level. So take this review with a grain of salt. But so far, I'm loving this game.Pros:Great art style. The sprite work, animations, effects, etc. all look really nice. I love the character designs and the fact that everything is based around a ""gun"" theme.Great soundtrack. It's worth buying the game just for the soundtrack alone.The gameplay is just. . .fun. It's pretty easy to pick up and doesnt' have a steep learning curve. But don't get me wrong: itischallenging.Procedural generation done right. As far as I can tell, every run is unique. The devs have managed to make a procedural generation system that creates dungeons that are different each play-through, yet still somehow feel hand-crafted. The pacing feels right and there's plenty of variation to keep you on your toes (e.g. a variety of different weapons, items, etc.)Cons:I honestly cannot think of any at this point in time. There is a furniture-flipping game mechanic that I find a little awkward, but perhaps I just haven't mastered that aspect of the game yet.In conclusion, this is a nice, polished 2D shooter that's well worth the price. If you enjoyed games like The Binding of Isaac, then you'll probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,311690,29680208,Posted: 3 February,all,«Joseph»,"wanna hear a reason not to buy this game?if you are... well, i'm drawing blanks."
76561198200704150,Recommended,311690,33263072,Posted: 4 July,all,JeromePepperoni,It's a gr8 game no negatives and not half bad with a 360 controller
76561198127811152,Recommended,311690,22511543,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,✪ Я люблю кошек,Got booty licked by a swole bird with a gatling gun.
,Recommended,311690,29553600,Posted: 28 January,all,BOITATOES,"very gudddd game but plz add online multiplayer, i want to play with my friend :)"
,Recommended,311690,29521031,Posted: 27 January,all,Old Man Light,"super fun, great spin on bullethell games without being too punishing up front."
76561198271769174,Recommended,311690,29521380,Posted: 27 January,all,Robgren,"I've been interested in this game ever since I've seen numerous reviews recommending it, saying it's great. I've been a huge fan of ARPG games like Diablo, Torchlight and Grim Dawn. I have played almost all ARPGs available out there. But I never had the urge to buy and play it, mainly beacause of its ridiculous gameplay and setting... Guns in dungeons? Give me a break.Ok, it looks fun enough. But I never knew I would be having this much fun! It's one of those games that are simple to play but very difficult to master. You'll be having cramps in your hands by how much frantic this games can be sometimes especially on high levels.I know from the little time I've played it, I'll be playing this game for hundreds and hundreds of hours. The only thing it needs now is an online multiplayer.Dogde Roll, you made a masterpiece of a game!"
76561198044337564,Recommended,311690,22784354,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Progmagnan,"There isn't much to say about the game that hasn't been said. It is fun with a lot of references to other games and media.The only thing I can personally add is that you can find Megaman's hand cannon and use it, if that isn't enough of a reason for you to play then too bad."
76561198185245750,Recommended,311690,28418745,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,DJAYBONE,Great Game!! There are 7 floors so far and each floor is very challenging. There are lots of guns you can find and the bosses are really hard. I would reccomend this game to people who are up to the challenge
,Recommended,311690,33213173,Posted: 3 July,all,a noogie with a boogie,got dam this game hard like me ;)
76561198154488568,Recommended,311690,33528606,Posted: 13 July,all,MeetTheMedic,pew pew
,Recommended,311690,33501970,Posted: 13 July,all,[LTEM] neko12096,<3
,Recommended,311690,29530815,Posted: 27 January,all,Htimez2,"Awesome game, way better then I expected it to be and for $7.49 it was a steal."
76561198217267049,Recommended,311690,23387259,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Sizzl3,"Endless fun! Fast smooth gameplay! So much stuff... guns, bosses, and items! The beast dungeon crawler I have ever played!"
,Recommended,311690,23098881,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Makara Gamzee (Bday 18.01),best rage uninstall simulator 2016 420/10 -IGN
,Recommended,311690,23528458,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Wumbo,"The game has a great look and style. The guns are really fun to use, and the enemies are fun. The fact that every room is randomized makes the game feel disorganized. The lack of a save feature is really irking, too. Playing the first level OVER and OVER ISN'T FUN."
76561198010642452,Recommended,311690,22876560,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,VJ™,"What do you call a seagull that has six packs and wields a gatling gun?A Gatling Gull.Yeah, I didn't see that one coming, either.Enter The Pungeon, everybody. Play it"
,Recommended,311690,22408566,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Chimayblack,Too much♥♥♥♥♥♥on screen simulator 2016.
76561198055298094,Recommended,311690,24601882,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Jormangandr,12/10 would get rekt by my own incompetence again
,Recommended,311690,24258595,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,xxxdickfatcion,What happens when Texas and Dungeon crawling make sweet love
76561198121920028,Recommended,311690,22865661,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,jean cul,this is not my type of game. but this game is hotter than my mixtape
,Recommended,311690,22874078,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,sfszh,"Still stuck in the first level, 10/10 recommand!"
,Recommended,311690,22648377,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Atticus Zed,Can't get Resourceful Rat addicted to spice by leaving it on the floor. 0/10
76561198116148164,Recommended,311690,27870919,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,tap water,Games great and i nominated it for a steam award
,Not Recommended,311690,27992087,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Linkblade,"More chore than funAs a rogue-like / rogue-lite (permadeath+randomly generated map) the game has the same problem as the other games of this type. Boredom through repetition. The ""Gungeon"" has several floors, each with many rooms, each to be cleared on its own to be able to proceed to the next room and floor. If you die in the 4th floor you can repeat the whole way again to reach this far.There is a way to skip floors, but if you do you lack the advantage of equipment from the first floors, which is why you have better chances to beat the game without skipping floors.The problem is, that 75% of the way you go again to reach the point you were before is boring, because you know every enemy and trap, you just react and waste your time until you finally reach the floor where you are challenged. Yes, there are lots of weapons, items, characters, stuff and specials to be found/explored, but they do not massively change the gameplay. For me every run is all around the same.So 1 part fun and 3 parts chore makes the game not worth playing."
76561198087388599,Recommended,311690,22325086,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Riverhud,"Flips 500 tables, gets achievement, still flips tables.10 / TablesGood graphics."
,Recommended,311690,22361163,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,mord,"Bullet hell rogue-lite with unlocks. Controls with mouse + keyboard, or gamepad. Local co-op available.+ Well done player-game interaction regarding controls. Great gameplay.+ Lots of content+ Easy to start, extremely hard to full clear+ Great music+ Good visuals+ Large variation in gun mechanics- No mid-run save function, ie. no save & exit. Big minus since some rounds later on can take upwards of 90 minutes to finish.- Some guns are badly balanced, some high-tier guns are bad while some low-tier guns are amazing- The difficulty in mid- and late-game may be frustrating for someIn conclusion, one of the best rogue-lites currently available.Most significant detriment is a missing 'save & exit' function."
76561198258309415,Recommended,311690,22387049,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,FlaminPotato,"just a fun (but actually really hard like wow) isaac-ish game. takes a bit to get ""good"" at but totally a good game to pick up"
76561198076874307,Recommended,311690,22400910,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,es azur,"I was on the third chamber, struggling with only one life left. Even my ammo had all disappeared to rid of the evils in the chamber...So the chamber was entirely clear, all but the boss. Luckily I'd managed to save some credits, just enough to buy me another key so I could open a nearby chest. I hoped for an epic gun, something to help me destroy whatever was through that boss door. Rushing to the shopkeeper, I happily bought the key, and teleported to the chest.""Please something good"", I whispered.As soon as I pressed E, something came out of the green chest. It was a vine of some kind. Glorious, I thought.It pierced my body, and the screen turned black and white.The chest killed me.10/10 would open chest again"
,Recommended,311690,22845849,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Nickjs311,"Highly recommend! A very challenging yet rewarding game that requires skill and patiance.  With all the gun, ability, and active item combinations there is limitless replayablity."
76561198302009696,Recommended,311690,22855371,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Oneofakind,GOOD GAME PERIOD.
,Not Recommended,311690,22702574,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,[bhtp]Ataman,"Honestly, I can't comment on the gameplay at all. Why? Because it doesn't work in the first place.Sure, if you're playing it solo with only 1 screen attached to your PC and using a mouse and keyboard the game probably runs great.If you try to use multiple screens get ready for some issues. Like the game starting on your secondary screen by default.Wanna play with a friend? It looks like the second player can only play with a secondary character.Do you have any other controllers plugged in? Like Joysticks or Flight pedals? Prepare to disconnect them since the game WILL use those inputs despite a flight pedal not really being useful for it at all.But those issues are still 'mild' why the negative review?Assuming you manage to finally get the game displayed on your primary/tv-sceen and you guys are fine with someone playing the stripped down character, it runs at 10 fps?What. The. Hell. Guys.It's a pixel game, even my stupid android tablet runs better looking games than this one. I read some things going like ""The game is rendered in 4k and downscaled!! Get a GTX980!!"". Well no, how about optimizing your game in the first place?Some people said it's a controller issue since playing with a keyboard doesn't cause low FPS.I bought this game to play it on my couch with friends. Did that work? No.Can I recommend the non-functional game? Hell no."
76561198038732309,Recommended,311690,22484187,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,MagikarpFail,Table Flipping Simulator 2016
76561198274971669,Recommended,311690,22486882,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dad (With Knuckles),iI haven't even beaten the first boss
,Recommended,311690,28199033,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,salamiss,I love this game.
,Recommended,311690,24037038,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Darkwing Duck,"this game is w=one of the worst binding of isac clones on the market, it tries so hard to be like isac but fails \. it does have lots of guns but half them are terrible to use in combat. enimies hit suer hard and do so much damge that its so hard for you to dodge it. they have rolling but it ardly ever wworks and blanks do to.  there are reptetvie bosses in this game that are hard to kill and requrie many attempts to git gud.  the charcters are so under powered that you cant clear conseitily without taking damage, but with practice might be okay. overall i think this game gets 4 ot of 10 cause it had poteetail baut it losrit when the things had happen but good"
,Recommended,311690,22431453,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,LowerThanLow,"This game has it all! Bullet. Bullet's that shoot bullet's. Gun's that shoot bullet's so you can kill bullet's that are shooting bullet's at you. Armor and health to protect you from bullet's that are being shoot by bullet's. Bullet evelator to take you to fight more bullet's.Found a gun that shoots and says the word bullet at bullet's.Bullet/10, would bullet again."
76561198250448582,Recommended,311690,26012962,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Raiderbeast83,So far Enter the Gungeon as been a fun game but the only thing I ask for is a bit more content. Other that I rate this game 9/10.
,Recommended,311690,29555377,Posted: 28 January,all,robochicken7,"Enter the gungeon is a pretty amazing game!It's a rougue-like dungeon crawler somewhat similar to nuclear throne, but infinitely better. Guns are your weapons, and bullets are your enemies.buy it now"
76561198252308220,Recommended,311690,29572268,Posted: 29 January,all,The PauL,guns are fun
76561198141721007,Recommended,311690,29539018,Posted: 28 January,all,<Kraider>,"Dosge Rolled into a swarm of 3 million bullets10/10 would die againBut seriously, dying in this game is the only thing that keeps me playing-it's that goodIf you're willing to fork out $20 for a game that you WILL hate at first, then please, buy this game"
76561198161237814,Recommended,311690,28212092,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,half-botman-half-nothing,i would write a review if i wasn't playing enter the Gungeon
76561198033019727,Recommended,311690,29216882,Posted: 12 January,all,darkhorse,Great game that never gets old.
76561198008830894,Recommended,311690,29208374,Posted: 12 January,all,Griga,Hard but nice
76561198048632813,Recommended,311690,30008172,Posted: 18 February,all,Dr Doom,Great rogue-like with amazing visuals.
76561198088427897,Recommended,311690,30348566,Posted: 5 March,all,The Last Surviving Wilbot,An all around great indie-game that takes great inspiration from The Binding Of Isaac but does everything a bit better.9/10
,Recommended,311690,30218263,Posted: 27 February,all,CrackHead,one of the best games on steam
76561198269951533,Recommended,311690,23906973,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Guardian,"This game is extremely fun and very creative! It's also very challenging, I'd know that cause I already broke seven mouses while in the first chamberStill pretty fun."
,Recommended,311690,23907846,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,beagle8596,"Fun as hell to play, definatly a game you want to grab"
,Recommended,311690,24010869,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,RedLoftwing,Please add online co-op...it will make this game much much better!
76561197993705984,Recommended,311690,29623366,Posted: 1 February,all,Budello,Best game of 2016.
76561198108905256,Recommended,311690,24026892,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,BlackPandaz2000,Fun challenging game. Never gets old
76561197971890834,Recommended,311690,23757845,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Takkiebos,"I just can't seem to stop, so just so I can get some closure I'll just try to get all the achievements. One more run! ...again! ...again! ...AGAIN!"
,Recommended,311690,23767557,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Father Esteban,Triggered.
,Recommended,311690,23776216,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Skoop,Fun. Asks very little of you. Quenches desire to shoot and jump.
,Recommended,311690,23772162,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Maccas employee,Great game overall. I like how you ca nget really godly runs and pretty trash runs to make it more of a challenge instead of getting very strong weapons on the first floor. Also I like all the puns :) hehehe. *insert pun here* Overall good game to get for $14.99. Great if you enjoy a permadeath challenge like The binding of isaac.
76561198189320499,Recommended,311690,23773754,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Virus,"Enter the Gungeon is hands down, by far the best pixel game i've played in a long time. Bullet hell and dungeon crawler goes together quite nicely! Don't believe me buy it and try it yourself."
76561198096551573,Recommended,311690,23757195,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,8999,this is defintily one of the most fun games i have in my steam library
76561198231492128,Recommended,311690,22868590,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,VAC BAN NO REASON,THINGS I GAVE ENTER THE GUNGEON1.Love2.Happiness3.MONEYTHINGS ENTER THE GUNGEON GAVE ME1.RAGING2.BROKEN MOUSE (4-6 MICES BROKEN I THINK)3.HEART ATTACK4. HEADACHES5.BROKEN FINGERS AND KEYBOARD KEYSANNNND DIARRHEAPS: i recommend this ******* amazing
76561198221125680,Recommended,311690,23862260,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Detori,"uejqweribbjogsrjoxzcvbffpoific-.,. i like meatbsll and i liek dis geme!"
76561198051498703,Recommended,311690,22648768,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TheeGonorrhea,Pew Pew Pew!
76561198031203567,Recommended,311690,22538017,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,jubba jubba jubble jum,Enter the Gungeon: Flipping tables both in-game and in real life!
76561198156369383,Recommended,311690,23965138,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Four-Leaf,"Enter the Gungeon is a fast paced rogue-like dungeon crawler set on a distant planet, where challengers try to get through the dungeon to find the ultimate treasure, the gun that can kill their past.This is where the game begins, in a chamber called the Breach where you choose one of four characters, and Enter the Gungeon. At first the game is quite nice, with adorable anthropomorphic bullets shooting guns at you, easy right? Maybe you'll encounter a shotgun shell shooting a shotgun at you. (Irony to the max) Or a giant guard with a sword made from pure bullets.So you've killed your way through the rooms, mercilessly slaying all of your foes, dodge-rolling, and shooting, when you find a chest. Using a key you find an item or weapon, and you proceed to the boss, where all of your skills will be put to the test."
,Recommended,311690,27554193,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Non Significant Hero,"Just reviewing this to get my nomination badge, but this game is actually something I would recommend for a quick burst of fun. Also quite challenging."
,Recommended,311690,25431777,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Qrayon,-Lots of guns-Lots of puns-Lots of difficulty-Futurama reference10/10 would roll into spikes again
76561198312535621,Recommended,311690,25433774,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Ront,"Game is like taking a dump but you know you just ate taco bell. You know its gonna hurt, but you gotta do it."
76561198113264796,Recommended,311690,23819945,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,A Pedophile Gnome,"If ya like to shoot stuff ya get to do that a lot in this game.Like, a good amount more shooting than a regular game about shooting."
76561198062728520,Recommended,311690,23828689,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Manuel Calavera,"Um dos melhores ""roguelikes"" que já joguei. Jogabilidade redonda, referências a cultura pop inteligentíssimas, um dos melhores trabalhos de pixel art que já vi e replay value imenso. Compre."
,Recommended,311690,32163907,Posted: 3 June,all,IcyCyborg,"If you ever want to feel like a ""mlg pro"" try doing this getting good at this game."
76561198084279988,Recommended,311690,32189245,Posted: 4 June,all,TechnoPotato115,"1. Amazing art style and music choice for a bullet hell game such as this.2. The sheer amount of weapons/passives/actives you can find and combo in this game is insane.Yet this can make the player get forced into a really awful situation when they are expected to fight some of the hardest bosses, and can't get what is deemed, ""a good combo""3. I feel the games contains infinite possibility as I have so much more to do and many more weapons to unlock.This includes and future updates and chnages I can forsee as the devs care alot about not only this game, but how the community reacts to certain things.4. When it comes down to it, I enjoy this game because I can be forced to make do with whatever it is that I recieve out of chests, and every run is seemingly different. I still have so much to do in this game, and I can see myself playing this game for hundreds of hours on end. I have encountered few bugs in the game but the ones I have seen do majorly take away from the experience.I would solidly rate this game a 9/10, and the price is totally worth it for any person that enjoys skill-based (Kinda-Luck based aswell...) bullet hell dungeon crawlers. I reccomend this game to anyone looking to waste hours in a fun game."
,Recommended,311690,32206979,Posted: 5 June,all,𝑯𝒆𝒆𝒗𝒊𝒆,"Very good game if you love challenges.If you rage easily don't as you'll probably end up breaking your desk,lolgoodluck"
,Recommended,311690,32322431,Posted: 10 June,all,Idontknow,K
76561198069122702,Recommended,311690,29997137,Posted: 17 February,all,Villemand,I played this game a little bit.I will never play it again.Get Binding of Isaac instead.The game is fine tho.
76561198240806178,Recommended,311690,22587219,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,OliverAdamson,game 10/10
,Recommended,311690,22582363,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Squidward-desu,iz pretty gud
,Recommended,311690,22562416,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Vortex,"Best rogue-like game ever, highly recomend getting this."
,Recommended,311690,22565653,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Spooky Meowt,a gun that can change the past?♥♥♥♥♥♥i'm in
,Recommended,311690,22576947,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,mdanois,You can shoot bullets at bullets as a bullet. GOAT.
,Recommended,311690,22559152,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,DødeHav,"If you buy this game, then i'll come to your house to meet you !Greetings, Ryan."
76561198124682853,Recommended,311690,23009946,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,『Dolphin』,I likes the amazing amount of guns. We have so many guns. Se can shoot so many guns. Guns.
76561198255576138,Recommended,311690,24038662,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,yinanlu,Very interesting and hard
,Recommended,311690,32702328,Posted: 23 June,all,NotCrunchyTaco,Great game!
76561197975142481,Recommended,311690,29592834,Posted: 30 January,all,Shivershorts,"This may sound like blasphemy to some but this game made me stop playing The Binding of Isaac.It's hard, fast paced, unrelenting, and fun as hell. You won't end up stacking items and buffs like TBoI but that's not the point. The point is to use what you have as well as you can to make it through. There are still loads of items and guns to be discovered and that's still a huge selling point for me. I've played this game a lot and the latest free DLC will definitely be bringing me back for more."
76561198267655060,Recommended,311690,29512647,Posted: 26 January,all,=Jish=,Like The Binding Of isaac but with guns
,Recommended,311690,29512866,Posted: 26 January,all,Gubbet,Good game but im bad so i dislike cuz no op
,Recommended,311690,22825622,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,iEn | BUBBLEBOY,"Really enjoyed this game! Although it is really hard at first, especially if you're new to bullet hells, it becomes natural and really fun over time! With the randomly generated dungeons, or should I say 'gungeons', it's a new experience every time!"
,Recommended,311690,31831937,Posted: 18 May,all,Daikee,i prefer metal slug
76561198271075811,Recommended,311690,31828755,Posted: 18 May,all,Viper_1,Nice graphic good idea and so funnybut its very hard
76561197964984594,Recommended,311690,30461796,Posted: 11 March,all,Newter,"This is the best ""think you got what it takes."" I have inhuman reflexes. Uncanny aim. Yet I can't compete. I've beaten the first  boss. Can you?"
76561198171296774,Recommended,311690,32506258,Posted: 17 June,all,FLOOF Rj,The game is good but there was one thing that caught my eye  when you get to 1/2 hp on a boss fight you automaticly winjust kidding the game is great  i  loved your E3 performance
76561198271435648,Recommended,311690,32522697,Posted: 17 June,all,Space Fish,"This game is a bullet hell dungeon crawller that puts your skills to the test. this is a great game with lots of replay-abilty. the biggest complaint i hear is the rng the game is randomly generated with 1 gun to get 1 boss to fight 1 store to get stuff and 1 passive/acitve item to get. the items in the chests/shops are random they could be really good or bad, if you are good enough it does not matter. people caompare this to the binding of isac and they dont see that they both are rng based. other than the rng problem the game is amasing and i want more people to play it."
,Recommended,311690,22441262,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Swanky Toast,"Ok, so this is the 3rd time that I've changed my review and one thing has been implimented into every edition and I think that it describes this game very well:Ingredients250g butter, plus extra for greasing200g dark chocolate, broken into chunks500g plain flour500g golden caster sugar2 tbsp cocoa powder1 tsp bicarbonate of soda½ tsp salt2 large egg200g natural yogurt400g cooked beetrootin natural juices (not vinegar)4 tbsp or 2 x 28ml bottle red food colouring (optional- a natural liquid colouring will not work; we used Scarlett Langdale)MethodHeat oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Make the first batch of sponges by greasing and lining 2 x 20cm round tins. Gently melt half the butter and chocolate together in a saucepan. Mix half the flour, sugar, cocoa, bicarb and ¼ tsp salt in a large mixing bowl. Whizz one egg and half the yogurt and beetroot in a food processor or blender until fairly smooth. Put the kettle on.Tip the beetroot mix into the dry ingredients along with the melted chocolate mixture and 150ml boiling water, then stir to combine. Stir in half the food colouring, if using, and divide the mixture between the tins. Bake for 25 mins until a skewer poked into the centre comes out clean. Leave the cakes on a wire rack to cool completely.Repeat Steps 1 and 2 to make 2 more sponges or if you're lucky enough to have 4 x 20cm sandwich tins you can bake in a big batch all at once.End my suffering."
,Recommended,311690,32523392,Posted: 17 June,all,黒人,asdf
,Recommended,311690,23187048,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Purrple,"It's like Binding of Isaac, but everything is guns.Everyone has guns, enemies are bullets with guns, enemies shoot bullets with guns that shoot bullets from guns in guns.Gungeon.Just play it"
,Recommended,311690,29506530,Posted: 26 January,all,JauqueStrappe,fun
,Recommended,311690,27513365,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,boogerboss,"My friend introduced me to this game and I'm so glad he did. You this, this is a game with excellent art, wonderful sound design, super fun gameplay, and a giant spike of difficulty that will penetrate you whenever it wants to. It's a bad romance, but I keep coming back for more."
76561198024596277,Recommended,311690,28400964,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dex236,Don't question buying this game. Just go enter the Gungeon.
,Recommended,311690,29511793,Posted: 26 January,all,donny,"when I refunded this I literally said""I thought the game would be good, but it turns out it sucks gungeon♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;... it got accepted.Still a good game I'm justa ♥♥♥♥ing jepicky with my money :B1:"
76561198123148189,Recommended,311690,28696640,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jeremiah Weed,"First things first about this game.It is an amazing bullet hell rpgish kind of style with tons of puns and guns. Im gonna start off this review with pros and end it with cons.ProsThousands of guns that you start off with and some you'll never get tired of.4 Characters of which have different guns, playstyles, and pasts.Randomly generated dungeons some you might find the same in each level but are still hard to see the difference.You will spend hours on this game grinding the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it but you'll never get anywhere. On the outside and inside you will be angry as hell but on the back of your head you will love starting over.ConsNo online co-op. I would die to play this games with my friend and see them fail and struggle to play it.Levels are repititive unless you find the secret levels."
76561198295260358,Recommended,311690,32165855,Posted: 3 June,all,Cancer Patrol,"This game in my opinion is just fun,I may not be the best at it but its fun.If you're wondering if you should get this game,go for it,Its fun to play and its full of funny weapons,jokes,and bosses.If you want a stupidly funny game to play in your free time heres Gungeon.If you didn't care for my opinion,have some pros and consPros:-Runs AMAZING on any ""PC"" (Its 8-bit-esk,Simple)-Overall challenging (If you like challenges)-Variety when playing (Guns and usables,as in there are atleast a hundred of items)-Not very addictive (You can't really get hooked on the game,to th point of staying up till 12 or something)-Can be played with a controller (Huzzah for Xbox controllers...)-Levels are always random (Never getting the same layout)Cons:-Bosses are repetitive and some are a pain to deal with (Again challenges)-Some enemys can be the most annoying thing since the dab...Overall I have nothing too bad to say about GungeonTips (If you buy it...):-Try and have atleast one or two keys for chest around the Gungeon-How do you like to play?Rushing in?Staying back?This will tell you what player you will probably like-Play with friends(If you have any) it makes the game more...entertaining-Depending on how you are,I think the controller would be the easiest to useIn the end this game is a solid 8.5/10 from meEdit: Next time al make sure to not sound like a god damn wannabe IGN..."
76561198201662050,Recommended,311690,23060704,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,The Editor,I love this game...What!? Did you expect more from me?
76561198006570636,Recommended,311690,25500558,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,joe_mag,"I'm picky when it comes to twin stick shooters and I was on the fence about buying this game. But much to my surpise, I really enjoy this game. There are a lot of weapons, many uniqe like an r shaped gun that shoots letters that spell out ""BULLET"" as its bullets. There are also a sizeable amount of loot which can include passive skills like bouncing bullets or usable items such as molitov cocktails. But it's not just the amount of tools and weapons at your disposal that makes the game fun, you also have several starting characters and each has their own weapon, item, and passive skill layout. My current favorite charecter is the huntress who has a pet dog that digs up random items in the dungeon. She also uses a crossbow and revolver which is pretty sweet. And, like a great game, it doesn't stop there. Many players will discover hidden NPC that can unlock dungeon levels, items, weapons, ect. There are also many enemy types, yet just one difficulty setting, which I feel is very fair. This game is not for the faint of heart. It took me two days before beating the first level bosses (to be fair though, the first level cotains 3 different bosses the dungeon cycles through). To conclude my review, I suggest using a controller and buying this game right now.P.S: I guess I should do a short CON section: this might not be for everyone because it only provides a local co-op. It seems like a shame, considering how many people play online with friends these days. They do keep updating the game though, so hopefully it will be in a future update."
,Recommended,311690,29576739,Posted: 29 January,all,Maddog,2 Words: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198057624482,Recommended,311690,29575812,Posted: 29 January,all,Macke McCree,Best Rogue-like game there is.
,Recommended,311690,29576944,Posted: 29 January,all,Negman Egga,"It's like binding of Issac, but more fun."
,Recommended,311690,23239520,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,sheldon1112,"It's an incredible, rogue-like bullet hell shoot 'em up, and I can't get enough!!! 10/10"
76561198052689228,Recommended,311690,23218180,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,BloodSkill #salzig,Great game but really hard!
,Recommended,311690,28779806,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Gaming Master,amazing
,Recommended,311690,27704550,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,xDaudex,"Pros - Gameplay, graphics, designCons - Not enough varience between runsIf you like rogue likes I definitely would not skip this one. The one problem that I do have with it is that it does not have as wide of variance between runs as I would like. The game that does this perfectly is The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. In Isaac you can have abysmal runs but you can also have crazy easy runs. That will not happen in this game."
76561198300731448,Recommended,311690,29540996,Posted: 28 January,all,Porunga,hiya this game is hardcore♥♥♥♥♥♥but i like HARDCORE ♥♥♥♥♥SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
76561198274322856,Recommended,311690,29544364,Posted: 28 January,all,the long con,good game
76561198088580077,Recommended,311690,33832695,Posted: 27 July,all,Xytherz,10/10 itz a mastapiece
76561198302303815,Recommended,311690,33830874,Posted: 27 July,all,warrior 1x1,awesome game!
76561198239401666,Not Recommended,311690,30763095,Posted: 26 March,all,Living Will,"A lot of people like these kinds of games, I am not one of them. This game is very punishing. I just think it really sucks that you can't take previously found items and guns with you into your runs. You die? That's it. You lose all your stuff. The game doesn't hold your hand and that's good, but it also doesn't explain the basics very well either, and by that I mean the menu is not very helpful. You want info on the item? Here have a vague explanation as to what it does. Look I'm all for these types of games succeeding, they just aren't for everyone."
76561198153826925,Recommended,311690,22763522,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ragdoll_bg,One os the most challenging bullet hell games ever even to you the binding of isaac elits this game will be challenging yes you heard me right and i bet you wont pass the first floor because you will get gattling gull as a boss and to be honest he is the most common and the hardest first floor boss ever but again buy it if you want a challenge and if you wont you may no
,Recommended,311690,29297387,Posted: 16 January,all,Grain,Enter the Gungeon is a great game. Get it.8/10
,Recommended,311690,22799180,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Krowski_nall,You like a game where you can shoot rainbows at a medusa armed with uzis? What about t-shirts at a laser shooting cyclops? What about RPGs at a mustled seagull with a minigun? Yes? Well then its time to Enter The Gungeon.
76561198114048481,Recommended,311690,24648033,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,flame on,If Binding of Issac had an obsession with guns and bullets.
,Recommended,311690,23351813,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,stevaloo,Binding of Isaac meets Nuclear Throne.AKA RNG-based trolling meets fast-paced bullet hell.
76561198195381174,Recommended,311690,29548193,Posted: 28 January,all,Druid,Good game but some thing is missing it would be perfect if theres an on-line game
76561198032296994,Recommended,311690,29755210,Posted: 6 February,all,NasFallon,Quite hard
,Recommended,311690,29756523,Posted: 6 February,all,THE wild skunk!,its like skyrim with guns and no mods
76561198000852812,Recommended,311690,29752539,Posted: 6 February,all,Rahzum,"A shockingly pretty bullet hell roguelike with an♥♥♥♥♥♥wrecking challenge that never feels unfair, GUNGEON has a lot of solid content for it's price and never feels cheap or petty. The game floods the screen with bullets and enemies, but you're never subjected to surprise, off screen deaths, and when you fail, it will almost always be because you didn't plan out your keys, bullets, or health correctly.I don't know what more you could want out of a Roguelike than to say that ""It's challenging without ever being unfair, endlessly replayable without ever getting repetitive, and frantic without ever feeling unmanagable."" Couldn't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,311690,29757008,Posted: 6 February,all,Shooty McGungun,"It's like Skyrim with guns, only it's nothing like Skyrim but it does have guns and it's a 2D randomly-generated dungeon crawler."
76561198186706362,Recommended,311690,24454697,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Snooty ツ,THIS GAME IS AMAZING BUT...IT NEEDS ONLINE MULTIPLAYER
,Recommended,311690,24444409,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ScamperXLZ,"BEST GAME BEST GAME 10/10 100/100 BEST GAMEseriously tho, this game is as harsh as GLaD0s' sarcastic statements."
76561198149213679,Recommended,311690,24449045,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Saucy,its hard for me because im bad but its still really fun
76561198100479383,Recommended,311690,24641458,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,dadigorot,Bullet Hell? Bullet Heaven.
,Not Recommended,311690,25855354,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Adolf Hitler,bad
,Recommended,311690,29752850,Posted: 6 February,all,Wirelesspony,At first youll think this game is broken cheap and impossible. After taking a break and going back into it and putting in practice this game feels so satisfying to beat.YOU WILL DIE ALOT AND THATS OK THATS NORMALbut eventually youll see your self slowly improving and getting closer throughout time.I finally killed th past of the piolit and Ive died multiple times trying to do that.
,Recommended,311690,26219395,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Keelah Se'lai,"This game is difficult. I’ve played for 68 hours but I’ve never defeated the boss of the 5th chamber. Sometimes I even want to smash my laptop when I die. I think the hardest enemies are not the bosses (if u get familiar with their action) but those elite enemies and those traps such as machine guns on the wheels and big hammer in 5th chamber. For new players, I recommend soldier because his high accuracy and that female character in yellow who carry a crossbow can eliminate enemies of the first 2 chambers. Anyway, the most important point: LUCK!"
,Recommended,311690,29558581,Posted: 28 January,all,kaharr,ITS AMAZING AND ADDICTIVE [but a bit fast paced though]
,Recommended,311690,27570830,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Arlojmikk,very nice and humorous bullet hell with spaghetti(actually no spaghetti)
,Recommended,311690,23123024,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,KnarWall,"Cmon you guys, it's not THAT hard.***THE GOOD***Well, it is rather difficult, but the sheer amount of content and satisfying, addicting gameplay will keep you coming back to this game. There are loads of passive and active items, and many many fun and unique great guns and great puns about said guns. EVERYTHING IS ABOUT GUNS.I played alot of The Binding of Isaac, and Im liking this game more so. Think of it as a step up for more experienced players. It feels alot smoother and less repetitive, which is a huge deal for a top-view dungeon game.One of my favorite things about this game is that you can jump between areas already explored very quickly, so the gameplay is almost always action-packed. Ive heard complaints about the dodge roll. Why? It's a great mechanic that adds a twist to develop your skill. But now that I've explained why I recommend this game, here are the reasons why people don't:***BAD***These are the cons of Enter the Gungeon, excluding the difficulty level that I already covered. There are passive and active upgrades to improve your damage, mobility, etc in very creative and enjoyable ways, but they aren't going to carry you. You have to rely on the third type of item, the guns. The problem is, they won't stack and keep improving on each other. They will just all be available for you to use if you have picked them up in the current run, assuming you have ammo to spare. The ammo isn't nearly as scarce as it was in the past, but you will still find yourself having to use your starter gun from time to time. This con, combined with the fact that the bosses have a huge HP pool, makes for a noteworthy flaw.If you aren't willing to be patient in developing skill and learning enemies' and bosses' attack patterns, this game isn't for you. And even if you are, you will still find boss fights to be tedious at times. But when you develop skill to gain a flawless victory against bosses, it is quite satisfying.***In conclusion, buy this game. It's absolutely worth the price***"
,Recommended,311690,23123962,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Glazelf,This game let's you play as a bullet shooting bullets at other bullets in a giant bullet.10/10
76561198135081318,Recommended,311690,23124633,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dibley,"Don't be put off by any negative reviews that are like ""Ughghghghgh this game is too hard"" Because it's supposed to be. It's a challenge! It's difficult, but it's a very attractive and rather wonderfully art-ed game, with a lotta guns, cutesy and wacky enemies, bonkers items, and things to make it different every time you play it. And yes, is it difficult, you will try and fail over and over but to be honest there is certainly enough in this game to make you try, try again. Plus, the music IS AWESOME!!!!! And the actual thought of a gun that can kill the past, kicks off some interesting potential backstories for the four (To start with) playable characters, who are each different, and require a different playstyle. Great stuff. Sort of what happens if you glue the retry-cos-it's-damn-difficult factor of Dark Souls, mix it in with the dungeon-crawling of Binding Of Isaac, and sprinkle some Dragon Quest-style enemy originality, and you've got Enter the Gungeon. And finally, the little bullet enemies are super duper adorable."
,Recommended,311690,23124771,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,MrBoomy37,"Enter the Gungeon is a great roguelike game that i have played for hours. It is challenging which is more than i can say for many other roguelikes and even has steam achivements, many of which are tied to in-game item unlocks. The game is great and if you play a single ""run"" of it then you shouldn't be playing for over an hour, maybe only slightly."
,Recommended,311690,23125172,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Corrin Guardian,This Game is Super COOL!! i would love this game even more if they added online mupilyplayer then i would die TWICE!!
76561198121397368,Recommended,311690,32705315,Posted: 23 June,all,Spinarak,"This is a fun, fast paced game with a great soundtrack that I really enjoy playing with friends."
,Recommended,311690,29594510,Posted: 30 January,all,Belier13,Amazing and challenging roguelike.
,Recommended,311690,29524410,Posted: 27 January,all,Pear UK,"This game is suprisingly fun and challenging, I really enjoy this game specially only a few hours into it.Yes you should get it, why? Why not, you will miss out."
,Recommended,311690,33384516,Posted: 8 July,all,slurp farmskins.com,pew pew
76561198217081924,Recommended,311690,32915845,Posted: 27 June,all,BloopaDoop,The relationship between Sir Junken and the player is still a better lovestory than twilight
,Recommended,311690,33257174,Posted: 4 July,all,not chris,"gud game my gun goes pew pew and the little pin things dies then i forgot to dodge and die 10/10edit:but seriously though its a pretty solid game, the music is nice, you get to shoot things,and its a bullet hell so be expecting to dodge every few seconds.  If your interested into these types of games, give it a shot!"
,Recommended,311690,34595028,Posted: 29 August,all,Auntie Zeodexic,its real good
,Recommended,311690,22839284,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,The Hyller,"Great game i love it, one of the best games that you can buy for 15e."
,Recommended,311690,25726069,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sage,"This is the most fun Rogue-Like game I've played since The Binding of Isaac.There is a lot to explore and discover. Each gun you find can change up your strategy, either giving you faster ways to clear rooms, or easier ways to deal with bosses. The somewhat limited resources will force you to make choices between using the amazing gun you have to make the run easier now, or hold onto it for later.The difficulty can be pretty brutal. It sneaks up on you too. Because of the dogeroll ability, you feel like the game would be easy, and the first level really eases you into it. Later levels will test you pretty hard. Unlocking the endings requires a lot of skill.The art style is perfect for the games atmosphere and humour. Everything is communicated very well visually. The enemies telegraph their moves in a way that help you learn to get better. I never felt that my deaths were unfair. I highly recommend this game.On a side note, the developer is very active in the forums and helped me with an issue I was having. It's a great game made by a great team."
,Recommended,311690,31068285,Posted: 10 April,all,Jokulhaups,"Incredibly well done. Has the polish, the attention to detail, and really further defines what the rogue-like genre really can be. This game is incredibly difficult yet always very fair, making for a really fun and rewarding experience."
,Recommended,311690,31086035,Posted: 11 April,all,Dank meme machine,simply amazing
,Recommended,311690,31074397,Posted: 11 April,all,Horehay,definatly worth the price
76561198024886946,Recommended,311690,31064583,Posted: 10 April,all,Kurikaktus,I love this game!
76561197982727216,Recommended,311690,33468531,Posted: 11 July,all,alanisman1,"Enter the Gungeon is a fast-paced, bullet-hell, rogue-like with randomized weapons, levels, and items.  Each run feels unique due to the vast number of guns, items, and random room placement.  Each weapon feels very unique and most runs do accrue currency to help further your progress, however, failed runs lead to frustration.  Recommended if you enjoy Binding of Isaac and other rogue shooters!PROS+ Huge number of items and weapons to find+ Great controls leave you fully in control of your success+ Gun-themed enemies are cute and unique+ Lots of secrets and unlockables to find+ Exploring dungeon and fighting enemies is very funCONS- Some runs feel like wasted time- Poor item descriptions require Alt-Tab to Wiki to see what they do- Some rooms can be very difficult- High Rage Quit risk"
,Recommended,311690,29372433,Posted: 20 January,all,PRESS ANY KEY,"one of the best games i ever played i used to be an isaac player for a very long time so when i saw this game i bought it in place thinking its the same but with guns which sounds great. while this is a very hard and unforgiving game (alot more then isaac, isaac is a kids game after playing this no offense for isaac fans) for new players when you start to get good you will be rewarded, for example the game gives you health upgrades if you beat a boss without getting hurt. many reviews claimed that at higher levels enemies just become bullet sponges which half true because on one side its a fact that if you only use your starting gun you will notice that the weakest enemies how died in three shots on the next level they will die in four which in my opinion hould be like that because whats the point of getting lucky with a rare and strong gun if all the eneimes will die from a half of a starting weapon magazine. that is how the game couraging you to use better guns even if you have limited ammo because getting many guns its easy and to empty all of your guns you will have to shoot a wall for 5 mins there is no other way i played alot and after the first level you will get many guns so you wont even need your starting weapon with unlimited ammo so i dont know why so many people complains about the lack of ammo in this game because its not true at all. in cinclusion i extremely recommend this game if you like rouge like bullet hell games and its not even that pricy with alot of free updates (not dlc's) coming soon"
,Recommended,311690,33978587,Posted: 2 August,all,ɹ ǝ ʞ ɔ ɐ ɥ,"It is a very good game, I really enjoi playing it and it doesn't need a high spec pc or laptop, It worth the time you give on it playing it and the money you spend on it !"
76561197970421503,Recommended,311690,22402777,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,lairyboy,"It's all true. Frustrating. Too hard. Too random. Not enough of a bullet hell. Too much of a bullet hell.I have had fun (mostly) and when I die it generally is my fault. The gungeon has personality, intrigue and enough forks of unlockables and secrets to have kept me trying. I wouldnt say I was very good but chipping away and learning from my mistakes means I do appear to be making some sort of progress."
,Recommended,311690,29598370,Posted: 30 January,all,queefwizard,I'm never gonna beat this game or even get past like the third level but man it's fun
76561198146808465,Recommended,311690,28520231,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Silentknight,You're just a simple person that wants to destroy your past by destroying a gungeon with a whole lot of guns. It's pretty fun :)
76561198125090627,Recommended,311690,34807778,Posted: 7 September,all,AssholeAnnhilator | kickback.com,"Fun Bullet-Hell shooter game with great graphics and mechanics.And guns,a lot of guns,and gun related stuff,it's about a bunch of rogues and rebels who try their shot at changing their past,god dang it gun pun blew it.10/10 would try making blasted gun puns again."
,Recommended,311690,30415452,Posted: 9 March,all,Gagnef03 c:,Like The Binding Of Isaac with gunsExcept notatall...just buy it
,Recommended,311690,24908008,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Barry the Bounty Hunter,"TL;DREnter the Gungeon is a perfect top-down rogue-like bullet hell. It has no real flaws and is perfectly crafted, balanced and has heaps of content. It has infinite replayability and is easily worth the $15. 10/10Progression SystemEnter the Gungeon is pretty much the face of the rogue-like bullet hell genre. It is colourful, engaging and very challenging at times. It has a really good progression system outside of runs; you unlock guns, items, NPCs, shops and gain an 'outter run' currency that you can unlock more guns and items from shops you unlock by saving NPCs trapped throughout the Gungeon. There are over 200 weapons, 300 items and 12 NPCs to unlock. The 'outter run' progression is extensive and exciting, offering hours of fun and progression, and with 1 major update already passed and 1 upcomming there is and will be much more content.Weapons and ItemsIt has a huge variety of weapons and items, all with unique stats, pop culture and game references. Looking up the Gugneon wiki gives you a full list of the buffs each item and gun has, all have at least one unique buff or ability. The amount of gunplay available is quite expansive with various guns and items giving different or better buffs and abilities while possessing other guns or items. Overall the weaponry and items are spot on, perfectly balanced and there's nothing I would change.EnemiesThe enemy variety is huge, each with its own attack patterns. Enemies also don't feel docile and basic as many will take cover behind flipped tables, this is an excellant addition to what would be very basic and uninspired AI. Every level has a very well balanced amount of tough and easy enemies. Enemy health is also multiplied per level to further increase the difficulty for easier enemy types, this system works brilliantly and is also well balanced. Later on when enemies gain far more difficult attack patterns their health is severly nerfed, this is in my opinion a very good design choice since it gets very hectic in the later levels. There are also heaps of bosses and a few secret bosses and mini bosses, they are all brilliantly crafted, difficult and precisely balanced.EnvironmentThe environments in mainly the starting levels seem mostly empty other than the tables and breakable barrels and vases. I feel like they could've added something into at least the first level that adds to the 'environmental interest' like level 2 and its traps and stuff, although for level 1 something a little easier and non-distracting. Levels 2-3 have some really interesting environments with traps, 'rammers', varying table looks and behaviours but nothing really outstanding. The lack of, what I call, 'environmental distractions' is understandable though because the enemies are difficult enough. I just feel like most of the rooms are baren and sort of boring. Although, in level 4-5 you are introduced to the grim reapers and hammers, which are immortal enemies that continuosly fire bullets until the room is cleared.ConsThere is a very rare level generation glitch that can be game breaking, but in over 300 hours, I've encountered it 3 times, none of which ruined my run.ConclusionEnter the Gungeon is beautifully crafted and offers heaps of content for a low price and with well over 150 hours of replayability it is a steal. The progression system is incredible, there are countless guns, items and NPCs, the enemy variety is huge, each boss is very well made and memorable. The developers of the game listen to the community and produce major updates somewhat regularly. This game is a hallmark of the rogue-like bullet hell genre, and easily stands as one of the best of all time. 335 hours and counting; time well spent and not regreted.10/10, Game of the year 2016, made me love Devolver."
,Recommended,311690,23519492,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Blootle4556,"I was a bit worried when I first bought Gungeon. It looked extremely difficult, complicated and complex. And it most cases, it is, however that does not mean it is a bad game.I've played 22 hours as of this review, and I've absolutely loved most of that. The constant bullet puns, awesome pixel graphics and challenging (yet enjoyable) gameplay. Each character brings their own additions to each run, which makes it a bit more varied than it would be otherwise.I've found it difficult to get past the fourth floor as of yet, but it does seem doable. Maybe I'm just really bad at the game XD.But yes, I do recommend this game! I bought it for full price and it IS worth it (it went on sale the day after I bought it which was really annoying, but oh well)"
76561198000464258,Recommended,311690,23149018,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Duo34,"Meh. Kinda fun, has good style, I appreciate the weaponry puns, Too RNG heavy though. I had my fun with it, and it will probbably playing a run or two every now and again, but it is definately not my favorite high-dificulty-top-down-dood-shooter. If you are familiar with the genera, its closer to Binding of Isaac than Nuclear Throne."
76561198096571177,Recommended,311690,23149328,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,DrewHitsPandas,Such a damn good game !- thats all i need to say.
76561198017665056,Recommended,311690,23145818,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,BillionDollarSol,Stunning. Brave. Courageous.
76561198021660235,Recommended,311690,34868674,Posted: 10 September,all,DarknessNine,10/10
,Recommended,311690,31960986,Posted: 25 May,all,Spooky Uncle Potato,Honestly I like the game but I am gonna return it because I cannot do rogue-like games. (I am a filthy casual) But regardless the first 2 levels were fun ;)
,Recommended,311690,22532749,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Fluffy,The best rogue-like ive ever played!!!(and the firstThe gunplay is on point and yes its challenging but after maybe 5-10 runs u will get the hang of it(depending if u hav played games like this before)The easiest thing to compare it too is the binding of isacI really love this game despite the amount of hours i have played on i(may) of pirated it and played maybe 5 hrs there i have gotten to chamber 4 and hav not found it hard enough for me to stop playing the game because of losing
,Recommended,311690,22303536,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,+ｃｒｕｎｃｈａ,"What a badass game.  Love the art style, the sound design, the music, the characters, everything.  Having a blast playing the game, because it's very challenging and hard at times.  But the more I die the more I want to play better.  Really fun, definitely recommended."
,Recommended,311690,30365586,Posted: 6 March,all,Stone,yee boi shoot em up bang bang
76561198352045850,Recommended,311690,30396833,Posted: 8 March,all,briskThorn77,beast
,Recommended,311690,27082642,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Squawkward,"An addictive, frustrating, well balanced, skill-based Bullet Hell / Rogue-like.BulletBulletBullet"
,Recommended,311690,31894389,Posted: 21 May,all,sapcedug,good game because it has ser junkan in it
76561198178234485,Recommended,311690,31894092,Posted: 21 May,all,Candy Man,4 player please
76561198255173481,Recommended,311690,31894154,Posted: 21 May,all,rage2??,this game is so fun but will give you a challenge and trigger you
76561197960912290,Recommended,311690,29580280,Posted: 29 January,all,Vividnightmare,"I'll review again in a few weeks after I've had more time with it. Essentially, it's top down Metal Slug with RPG elements. It's a lot of fun, and if you have SPARE pocket money you should buy it, especially on sale. For $10 or less it's worth it no matter what. HOWEVER, unelss you're a hardcore roguelike fan, this game is unbeatable. The reflexes require to play this are near unhuman. You can beat the first boss, MAYBE the second, but like Metal Slug, Megaman, House of Dead Ninja, Mercenary Kings, etc. It's a bullet hell, and unless you have very refined reflexes, you will simply never beat this game. Now, if you're ok with that, this is worth the money. If you are the type who can play and BEAT that kind of game, you should buy this. But if you hate buying games you'll never finish and you aren't a roguelike/bullet hell fan, you should probably just let this one pass. Final note, Yes the game has co-op, it's local only and they have NO intention of adding online from what some research in the forums has shown.Overall 7.5Mechanics  8Audio - 8 (awesome soundtrack)Visual - 7.5"
76561197997819311,Recommended,311690,29172750,Posted: 10 January,all,planescaped,"I can't play Binding of Isaac anymore since playing this... It's just better. It is everything that is, but replace the randomization and dumb luck with skill.It can take a long time to get good, but being good actually matters more than getting a 'good run'."
,Recommended,311690,22792274,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,baclons,Neat.
,Recommended,311690,29554459,Posted: 28 January,all,UnderTheRubble,The best if The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth and Spelunky put together with guns to create an awesome game.
,Recommended,311690,28229655,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,"This Too, Shall Pass","I've really enjoyed this game so far.Similar to binding of isaac, but easier imo since you can shoot in 360 degrees rather up, down, left and right. and rolling gives you invincibility frames, which is amazing, but still balanced since timing is life.It has a slight learning curve, so make sure to give it hours before you decide you don't like it.I'm on the fence about using keys for brown chests, ya know?Play game, fun have.P.S.Can't wait for the supply drop patch."
76561198167115954,Recommended,311690,28279630,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Pirulintrix,GUNTASTIC
76561198029590286,Recommended,311690,28654983,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,1 4 3,"For everyone complaning about rng,Ive put over 100+ hours into the cracked version and ive completed the first 3 floors with the standard sidearm,so quite your ♥♥♥♥♥ing and git gud,""oh you better restart if you dont have a good gun by the end of 1st floor""1)Nu thats utter bullcakes2)git gud be Marine3)use sidearm4)i have one arm"
,Recommended,311690,28672374,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Luda,Guns and bullets. nuf' said.
76561198108688516,Recommended,311690,34814297,Posted: 8 September,all,mr shaq,yes
76561198382114611,Recommended,311690,34813867,Posted: 8 September,all,Lomax223,I love it But holy hell is this hard!
76561197993288786,Recommended,311690,31922043,Posted: 23 May,all,Invest,Super awesome rogue-like!!! You can also play with a controller if you prefer.Edit: This game is so awesome it's my most favourite roguelike! I would have never expected it! Sooooo recommended!
,Recommended,311690,29850710,Posted: 11 February,all,MXBlood,Best game i ever played. I wish it was online. 10/10
,Recommended,311690,22901720,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,JhonnyZitcsmin,"I LOVE THIS GAMEIts Great Its fun but i thought it was ""ONLINE MUTIPLAYER"" but its coopthis would be so fun online 50/50 for this"
,Recommended,311690,29531094,Posted: 27 January,all,TanTun The Wizard,"oh sweet, another supply drop update? more guns? more bosses? more enimies that will f*ck your dead corpse? Awesome!"
76561198119418330,Recommended,311690,29258167,Posted: 14 January,all,Sideshow031,"9/10, needs online coop, not just split screen"
,Recommended,311690,29639287,Posted: 1 February,all,ÆnimaNerd SPIRAL WANDERER,"Great game, but I never get past Black Powder. Blockner, can suck my..."
76561198190289805,Recommended,311690,31821505,Posted: 18 May,all,grizzly,"Best game ever, now for online co-op...."
,Recommended,311690,25657132,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Zaceron,"Fun, hard and pure diluted actionhttp://gamers-haven.org/haven-review-enter-the-gungeon/Worth it"
76561198070737440,Recommended,311690,32585920,Posted: 20 June,all,Bumblefeet,Absolutely Flawless
76561198010844596,Recommended,311690,32611383,Posted: 20 June,all,Zenos,"Fun and difficult, that's a pretty good comboIll give it 9 out of 10 slapped men"
,Recommended,311690,32654912,Posted: 22 June,all,Sonic The Hedgehog,"Bullet Hell ve Rogue-Lite tarzını sevmesem de, Enter the Gungeon bana bu tarzlara alıştırdı. Hatta sevdirtti. Silah, düşman, boss tasarımları da muazzam. Her farklı silahı elinize alırken merak duygusu eksik olmuyor. Bu oyuna kesinlikle bir şans vermelisiniz.8.2/10"
76561198043578912,Recommended,311690,23680547,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Shoveler,:Y
76561198118192181,Recommended,311690,32607762,Posted: 20 June,all,oddworld,"According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little. Barry! Breakfast is ready! Ooming! Hang on a second. Hello? - Barry? - Adam? - Oan you believe this is happening? - I can't. I'll pick you up. Looking sharp. Use the stairs. Your father paid good money for those. Sorry. I'm excited. Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son. A perfect report card, all B's. Very proud. Ma! I got a thing going here. - You got lint on your fuzz. - Ow! That's me! - Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000. - Bye! Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house! - Hey, Adam. - Hey, Barry. - Is that fuzz gel? - A little. Special day, graduation. Never thought I'd make it. Three days grade school, three days high school. Those were awkward. Three days college. I'm glad I took a day and hitchhiked around the hive. You did come back different. - Hi, Barry. - Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good. - Hear about Frankie? - Yeah. - You going to the funeral? - No, I'm not going. Everybody knows, sting someone, you die. Don't waste it on a squirrel. Such a hothead. I guess he could have just gotten out of the way. I love this incorporating an amusement park into our day. That's why we don't need vacations. Boy, quite a bit of pomp... under the circumstances. - Well, Adam, today we are men. - We are! - Bee-men. - Amen! Hallelujah! Students, faculty, distinguished bees, please welcome Dean Buzzwell. Welcome, New Hive Oity graduating class of... ...9:15. That concludes our ceremonies. And begins your career at Honex Industries! Will we pick ourjob today? I heard it's just orientation. Heads up! Here we go. Keep your hands and antennas inside the tram at all times. - Wonder what it'll be like? - A little scary. Welcome to Honex, a division of Honesco and a part of the Hexagon Group. This is it! Wow. Wow. We know that you, as a bee, have worked your whole life to get to the point where you can work for your whole life. Honey begins when our valiant Pollen Jocks bring the nectar to the hive. Our top-secret formula is automatically color-corrected, scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured into this soothing sweet syrup with its distinctive golden glow you know as... Honey! - That girl was hot. - She's my cousin! - She is? - Yes, we're all cousins. - Right. You're right. - At Honex, we constantly strive to improve every aspect of bee existence. These bees are stress-testing a new helmet technology. - What do you think he makes? - Not enough. Here we have our latest advancement, the Krelman. - What does that do? - Oatches that little strand of honey that hangs after you pour it. Saves us millions. Oan anyone work on the Krelman? Of course. Most bee jobs are small ones. But bees know that every small job, if it's done well, means a lot. But choose carefully because you'll stay in the job you pick for the rest of your life. The same job the rest of your life? I didn't know that. What's the difference? You'll be happy to know that bees, as a species, haven't had one day off in 27 million years. So you'll just work us to death? We'll sure try. Wow! That blew my mind! ""What's the difference?"" How can you say that? One job forever? That's an insane choice to have to make. I'm relieved. Now we only have to make one decision in life. But, Adam, how could they never have told us that? Why would you question anything? We're bees. We're the most perfectly functioning society on Earth. You ever think maybe things work a little too well here? Like what? Give me one example. I don't know. But you know what I'm talking about. Please clear the gate. Royal Nectar Force on approach. Wait a second. Oheck it out. - Hey, those are Pollen Jocks! - Wow. I've never seen them this close. They know what it's like outside the hive. Yeah, but some don't come back. - Hey, Jocks! - Hi, Jocks! You guys did great! You're monsters! You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it! - I wonder where they were. - I don't know. Their day's not planned. Outside the hive, flying who knows where, doing who knows what. You can'tjust decide to be a Pollen Jock. You have to be bred for that. Right. Look. That's more pollen than you and I will see in a lifetime. It's just a status symbol. Bees make too much of it. Perhaps. Unless you're wearing it and the ladies see you wearing it. Those ladies? Aren't they our cousins too? Distant. Distant. Look at these two. - Oouple of Hive Harrys. - Let's have fun with them. It must be dangerous being a Pollen Jock. Yeah. Once a bear pinned me against a mushroom! He had a paw on my throat, and with the other, he was slapping me! - Oh, my! - I never thought I'd knock him out. What were you doing during this? Trying to alert the authorities. I can autograph that. A little gusty out there today, wasn't it, comrades? Yeah. Gusty. We're hitting a sunflower patch six miles from here tomorrow. - Six miles, huh? - Barry! A puddle jump for us, but maybe you're not up for it. - Maybe I am. - You are not! We're going 0900 at J-Gate. What do you think, buzzy-boy? Are you bee enough? I might be. It all depends on what 0900 means. Hey, Honex! Dad, you surprised me. You decide what you're interested in? - Well, there's a lot of choices. - But you only get one. Do you ever get bored doing the same job every day? Son, let me tell you about stirring. You grab that stick, and you just move it around, and you stir it around. You get yourself into a rhythm. It's a beautiful thing. You know, Dad, the more I think about it, maybe the honey field just isn't right for me. You were thinking of what, making balloon animals? That's a bad job for a guy with a stinger. Janet, your son's not sure he wants to go into honey! - Barry, you are so funny sometimes. - I'm not trying to be funny. You're not funny! You're going into honey. Our son, the stirrer! - You're gonna be a stirrer? - No one's listening to me! Wait till you see the sticks I have. I could say anything right now. I'm gonna get an ant tattoo! Let's open some honey and celebrate! Maybe I'll pierce my thorax. Shave my antennae. Shack up with a grasshopper. Get a gold tooth and call everybody ""dawg""! I'm so proud. - We're starting work today! - Today's the day. Oome on! All the good jobs will be gone. Yeah, right. Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring, stirrer, front desk, hair removal... - Is it still available? - Hang on. Two left! One of them's yours! Oongratulations! Step to the side. - What'd you get? - Picking crud out. Stellar! Wow! Oouple of newbies? Yes, sir! Our first day! We are ready! Make your choice. - You want to go first? - No, you go. Oh, my. What's available? Restroom attendant's open, not for the reason you think. - Any chance of getting the Krelman? - Sure, you're on. I'm sorry, the Krelman just closed out. Wax monkey's always open. The Krelman opened up again. What happened? A bee died. Makes an opening. See? He's dead. Another dead one. Deady. Deadified. Two more dead. Dead from the neck up. Dead from the neck down. That's life! Oh, this is so hard! Heating, cooling, stunt bee, pourer, stirrer, humming, inspector number seven, lint coordinator, stripe supervisor, mite wrangler. Barry, what do you think I should... Barry? Barry! All right, we've got the sunflower patch in quadrant nine... What happened to you? Where are you? - I'm going out. - Out? Out where? - Out there. - Oh, no! I have to, before I go to work for the rest of my life. You're gonna die! You're crazy! Hello? Another call coming in. If anyone's feeling brave, there's a Korean deli on 83rd that gets their roses today. Hey, guys. - Look at that. - Isn't that the kid we saw yesterday? Hold it, son, flight deck's restricted. It's OK, Lou. We're gonna take him up. Really? Feeling lucky, are you? Sign her"
,Recommended,311690,22331572,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,NANI?,11/10Vape Nashe approved
76561198046580718,Recommended,311690,29130755,Posted: 8 January,all,Jenoh,50 hours on this game and i didn't even know about it until now. A true time vampire.
76561198141134948,Recommended,311690,29776107,Posted: 7 February,all,Shiro,"Brief SummaryI can't get past chamber 2This is bloody awesomeI will get there, this is intensethe end...*flutters away*"
,Recommended,311690,30000255,Posted: 17 February,all,crasy pupy dog !!!,"I'm god, and I like this game."
,Recommended,311690,24849540,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,YUSOFF TAYOOB,Had to stop my cocaine addiction to play another round
,Recommended,311690,24874691,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Tyrone,Its like Isaac with guns8/10 its alright-IGN
76561198294892917,Recommended,311690,22255174,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,North,"This Game is awesome. Combines skill and Item rng together. Im having a lot of fun, worth buying :)"
,Recommended,311690,26016940,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Oxibot,"YES! This is exactly the kind of game I like. I picked this up for my channel recently and I fell in love right away. It's just a joy, I guess that's pretty accurate. JOY. The art is perfect, the design is gorgeous. The gameplay is tight. It's just worth every penny.I just started a series on this, so if you want to join me on the journey, check it out! I put together the highlights of my first run here:https://youtu.be/Jy3UFh5dbCA"
,Recommended,311690,22255165,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,pot8hoe,issac and the nucleer throne combined make this would rate yes to review reader
,Recommended,311690,25343286,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Troll Under The Bridge,"It's like the Binding of Isaac, except instead of a crying little boy using his own tears to fight an army of mutated fetuses, you're a badass hero using an assortment of laser guns and T-shirt cannons to fight a legion of sentient walking bullets who are wielding machine guns.I love this game so ♥♥♥♥ing much."
,Recommended,311690,22404838,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz,"Pros:- Table Kicking- You can play as abullet- You fight bullets with bullets. Or maybe, you fight grenades with grenades. Or shotgun shells with shotguns. Or books with word bullets. Etc.- Practically every weapon is a reference to another series (Ex. Snake Gun, Rick and Morty)- Every enemy is a pun (Ex. Beholster)- Shopkeeper pulls up a ♥♥♥♥ingshotgunwhen you get him mad- Story isn't very in depth (at all), but there's just enough to keep you intriguedCons:- Gameplay CAN get slow, if your spawn sucks- Some spawns are BS (Ex. Spawn right next to a Pinhead)"
,Recommended,311690,30824202,Posted: 29 March,all,painkillers,"The gameplay can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t most of the time, but honestly speaking it's a good game. Lots of filler weapons sadly, but gameplay, art, and humor is solid. I give it an 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,311690,29134526,Posted: 8 January,all,PolishDiabetes CSOFFER.ME,"In the short amount of time playing this game, I've already had several occasions of almost launching my fist trough my monitor10/10 fun game"
,Recommended,311690,29314472,Posted: 17 January,all,Fox,"Better than, Bind of religion or what eva."
76561198049789967,Recommended,311690,35072184,Posted: 19 September,all,serketbored 🤙,its okay4.5/4.6
76561198122846051,Recommended,311690,24262242,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,rodentexplosion,"53 hours in now and I have only made it to the floor 5 boss once. This game is really tough. That being said, it is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. I like this more than Binding of Isaac. 10/10"
76561198136445943,Recommended,311690,32213412,Posted: 5 June,all,Galileo007,A very fun bullet hell-rougelike hybrid.
,Recommended,311690,32208287,Posted: 5 June,all,Tooboo,best rogue-like
76561198081115236,Recommended,311690,32212762,Posted: 5 June,all,Knowledge,I love the pixelized art style of this game and recommend it to any hardcore bullet hell player.
,Recommended,311690,33026399,Posted: 30 June,all,Reytr,"Love this gameWell polished, intense battle, a ton of contents"
,Recommended,311690,33018977,Posted: 29 June,all,The Great Rahool,Great game.
76561198055202929,Recommended,311690,32187305,Posted: 4 June,all,Toast Malone,"Great pixel graphics, great humor, lots of weapon and enemy variety. The only downside I can think of is the dependence on RNG. Other than that, this game is an easy 9.5/10."
76561198241200804,Recommended,311690,32192110,Posted: 4 June,all,shoe,I'M GUNS! YOU'RE GUNS! WE'RE ALL GUNS!!!
,Recommended,311690,32056470,Posted: 29 May,all,Thrax™,THIS IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T HARD!I Love it.
,Recommended,311690,32052757,Posted: 29 May,all,Rubik,WORTH
76561198035353425,Recommended,311690,25652200,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ProfessorElsaesser,Binding of Isaac influenced bullet hell. Perma death. Great controls. One of the better indies to come out in 2016.
,Recommended,311690,35271629,Posted: 28 September,all,willracer4,"it's almost like Rogue and Nuclear Throne combined to create quite possibly one of the greatest games I have ever played. while it's not as fast paced as Nuclear Throne, or as humorous as Spelunky, Enter the Gungeon is definitely one to pick up if you are a fan of the bullet hell genre. it's difficulty level is high enough to present a challenge to unskilled players, but not too high to be entertaining and feel like a chore. the variety of weapons to choose from is huge, ranging from the basic ak-47 to a bullet that shoots guns, that shoot bullets. the characters each present their own playstyle, from running in destroying everything in your path, to easily building up an arsenal of extremely powerful guns, to getting up close and dealing high burst damage, to attacking with a crossbow at range, you will always have at least one character that you enjoy. add that up with tough bosses that are just as hard with the most overpowered guns as they are with your starter pistol, and you got a game nobody should exclude from their library."
76561198310244780,Recommended,311690,35459062,Posted: 3 October,all,mariokart9master,A great game. 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,311690,31785335,Posted: 16 May,all,timboFunkyDude,cool game
,Recommended,311690,34768775,Posted: 5 September,all,SMOUTIE,"This game is so good, but so hard."
,Recommended,311690,35508613,Posted: 5 October,all,Purina dog chow,"makes me want to punch a hole in my monitor, but in a good way. I've only played this game for a little over an hour but I can already tell there is many more where that came from. It is insanely addictive and very challenge pretty sure I'll be spending my weekend in the gungeon"
76561198043804910,Recommended,311690,34785749,Posted: 6 September,all,hairby,super fun bullet hell type game. Very difficult as times but it feels quite rewarding when you get it right. Consistent supply of new guns and items keeps replayability high. Overall great game
,Recommended,311690,31788706,Posted: 16 May,all,blackriver35,Very challenging but very fun game. Highly recommended if you have friends to play with.
,Recommended,311690,31776974,Posted: 15 May,all,Butchy250,"Its pretty hard, but don't get discouraged. I'm still on the first dungeon and still haven't beaten it yet (usually cuz I'm a freaking noob).But overall, its amazing. Highly recommend"
,Not Recommended,311690,22339240,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,BumbleBeatDown,"If you're like me and thought ""Cool, this game looks like a combination of Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne, what could go wrong? That sounds perfect!"" You would be wrong. Gungeon lacks the expert balancing of difficulty in both of those previous games, and has ridiculous artificial difficulty. The difficulty spike from the enemies you face on the main floor to the difficulty of even the first floor boss is insane, and the game very rarely gives you the tools to face it. In BOI & Nuclear Throne, it is absolutely possible to defeat the first floor boss with the weapon or tears you start with, but the starter gun for Gungeon does little to no damage next to the almost endless HP pools of even the first floor bosses.Also, who thought adding reloading was a good idea? Absolutely slows the game down to a halt, makes everything so tedious to get through. This game is a grind, through and through. I do not enjoy playing the same level over and over again because the only time I can beat most of the first floor bosses is if I happened to get an unbelievably overpowered weapon on the first floor.Do yourself a favour and buy Binding of Isaac or Nuclear Throne instead of Gungeon. Both of those games have so much more polish and care put into them, and while they may be difficult, they are rarely unfair. Gungeon is horribly unfair, and expects far too much from the player while giving far too little in return. I don't feel satisfied beating a boss that is constantly filling the screen with a million bullets, I just want to stop playing because I know it's going to get worse from here."
,Not Recommended,311690,23850768,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Censored,"For a game that's all about guns, it certainly has a lot of boring guns that feel exactly the same.edit:That being said, there are a lot of redeeming features in this game. The controls are fantastic, the artwork is charming, and the music is really catchy (like really, really catchy). The gameplay is the right amount of difficult where when you die it's because you made a mistake, not because the game was unfair. And the best way of getting further in the game is becoming better as a player, not through better items.But bullethell rougelikes can be made or broken by their loot pool. Taking Binding of Isaac for example, it wouldn't have been nearly as successful had it not included some broken items that created insane power combinations. You occassionally experienced memorable ""Holy crap! Look how strong I am!"" moments. To top it off, even when BoI occassionally threw you an easy win, you had to play smart and cautiously to avoid death. A surefire win can turn into a quick defeat if you let your guard down.Overall, this game feels like high-quality vanilla ice cream. It followed the recipe for everything in it's genre, but there's nothing particularly memorable about it.A content update or loot pool rebalance is really all this game needs for me to full recommend it."
76561198024301834,Not Recommended,311690,22620264,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,TheronGodspeed,"No good. Drop rates are all wrong, as is the difficulty curve. I really wanted this to be the Nuclear Throne killer. It's not...not even close."
76561198006672799,Not Recommended,311690,22334717,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Hyndis,"I have nothing but praise for this game's artwork and smooth gameplay. The pixel art is gorgeous. The game goes completely overboard with the gun theme. Everything is gun puns and jokes, and every gun or item in the game is a reference to a movie, book, or TV show. The game doesn't take itself seriously as well. Its a lighthearted game that pokes fun at itself.That being said, I cannot recommend this game due to the harsh nature of the RNG as well as the difficulty curve of the game.The player is completely at the mercy of the RNG. This game is very stingy with items drops. Very often the game won't give you anything at all, or if it does give you something the item you get is useless. Due to useful items being so rare there's really no choice at all on the part of the player. There's no adjusting your gear to get an optimum layout. You can hope and pray that you get a good item, and if you do you can use it. But if you don't get a good item? You may be stuck with the most basic, boring, default weapon and be tasked to kill room sized bosses with it. Ammunition is also something in short supply. Even if you do get a good gun, you probably won't be able to use it for very long. Ammunition is fired rapidly but resupply is scarce. Its strange for a bullet hell game to be so stingy in providing bullets.This game also has no difficulty setting or option as of current. Either you can cope with the harsh difficulty of the game, including huge difficulty spikes on bosses, or you can't. If you can't? Well, there's not much you can do. This game has no progression between attempts. There's no way to slowly build yourself up to be stronger. Progression is reset back to zero each attempt. Progression during an attempt is entirely based on luck. You might find a BFG 9000 in the first room. Or you might find nothing useful at all for the entire game. Its out of the players hands and entirely up to the RNG.In my opinion, the game would be much improved by not being so miserly with item drops while also adding additional difficulty levels. This includes advanced difficulty levels for those who want additional challenge as well as easier difficulty levels for those who want a casual game experience. Unfortunately as of current, this game lacks any such option.Yes, the game is gorgeous. It is well crafted. However, the gameplay feels flat. There are long periods of the game where its just downright tedious to play. Items are so few and far between that recovering from mistakes is nigh impossible. Items are also rare that the player often times has no choice at all. The player's gameplay is reduced to dodging in the right direction at the right time, and thats it. There's little to no inventory management or decisions to make regarding loot. Its all about reflexes and situational awareness, and thats pretty much it.The game has no sense of progression. The only progression is how well practiced you, the player, are at dodge-rolling."
,Not Recommended,311690,32559069,Posted: 19 June,all,bdsbff,"It sucks comparing all rogue-likes since Isaac to Isaac but it's the best comparsion to make. Enter the Gungeon does a few things right that Isaac did wrong but does way more wrong than right. In Isaac you have so many combinations that most runs feel completely different, for better or for worse. But in Gungeon there isn't a lot of that. There's the guns and that's about it. You don't have any fancy combos that are going to make your bullets ginormous that when they make contact do explosions so big they make your game lag. Really quickly the game starts to feel very samey.For me, the worst thing about this game and the reason I quit playing it was half of every run is just going to feel the same. It takes so long for you to get enough guns and items for your run to feel interesting and unique that you just get bored. It equally doesn't help that the first floors are way too large for their own good. In Isaac you can finish the first floor in just a couple of minutes but in Gungeon it takes so much longer and feels like a grind. A skilled player is never going to get hit on the first floor but that same skilled player will still have to go into every room so that they have enough casings (money) to buy from the shop later. This game has next to zero pickups when you clear a room. You feel lucky just to find a key on the ground. Picking up guns and items is what makes a game like this fun but you have to skip out on at least one of these things way more than you'd like since you probably won't get a key drop and the shop only sells one most of the time.All in all Enter the Gungeon is only enjoyable for a very limited time and starts to feel like a drag way faster than I'd like. I'd only recommend it to someone that's gotten tired of playing The Binding of Isaac and wants something new of the same variety, otherwise just buy Isaac. It does what Gungeon does but better."
76561198027934667,Not Recommended,311690,22342429,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,verarticus,"I wanted to like this game. I tried to like this game. I couldn't force myself to like it.This game is so close, but just has some really really bad choices. I won't spend tons and tons of time on this review, but just want to get these things out there (hopefully) so people thinking about buying will know what they're getting.1. Aiming. Aiming up, left, or right you shoot stright out from the center of your character. But aiming down is different. You aim from either the far left or the far right of your character which causes your shots to fire in a noteable angle. Why? No one knows. The only benefit of this is POSSIBLY being able to aim around some walls and be safe...if you're above them...and the enemy bullets don't just clip past the wall corner...they tend to do that.2. Dodge roll. You'd think being the sole way to survive it wouldn't be so...I'll go with ""situational"". Lot of bullets coming at you? Dodge roll right? No. There's a slight start up delay (very very slight) and you're only invincible for a portion of it and it forces you in a single direction for it's duration, no turning or canceling early. If there's a lot of bullets you're just going to get hit by something else trying to roll past the wave of bullets. How about to get around a wave of bullets, or dodge enemies with good tracking/prediction? Nope. You litterally gain no distance with rolling that you wouldn't get with walking. In short, anywhere that you COULD use a dodgeroll, you might as well walk and still be able to shoot back.3. Balance...hoo boy. Everything, everything in this game is a meat shield. Everything has high health, everything gets more and more health per floor. The game quickly become tedious because enemies take so long to kill and aren't fun to kill. But high health would be fine if you got stronger over time. 9 times out of 10 you won't. Your starter pistol is going to be what you HAVE to use, or is just going to be better than what you usually get. So many guns do LESS damage than it, or have to many negatives to be worth it. Also they have ammo. So it's not a permanent change in gamestyle or anything like that. It's like a temporary super power that just makes you weaker. Some of the guns are fine, most of them (early on anyway) aren't. (and apperently there's a few weapons that just flat out break the game. I haven't got them though.)And to end this off a few things that aren't so much an issue with this game speciffically as it is an issue with combining genre. It's a bullet hell combined with RNG rogue-lite. You're going to get situations where enemy attacks combined just weren't thought of and planned for. AKA situations where you HAVE to use a blank to not get hit. The blank system isn't even that good imo, and is just a band-aid for the an issue that could have been fixed with smaller bullet sizes, or limiting enemy types, or other things. In bullet hells you also tend to focus on your character more than the enemies so you can dodge. But with no enemy indicator, massive bullet spread, and the aiming changing for downward aming, you really can't. You'll find yourself getting hit by things you didn't even see because you have to make a pretty large effort and put a lot of focus more toward actually hit your meat shield enemies.Also to those of you who still want to get the game, avoid the discussion area. All you'll find there is people complaining about similar things, and a lot of your generic ""get gud, scrublord"" type of elitests. The Mods/Devs aren't bad, by my lord these other people plague difficult games forums everywhere."
,Not Recommended,311690,31341131,Posted: 24 April,all,Canman,"It's a good game, to be sure, but I wouldn't recommend it. Guns are all samey, but my main gripe is how much of a bullet sponge everything is. Halve everything's health: 10/10 one of my favorite games.If you're a fan of the genre, it's probably worth your money. Otherwise, go buy Nuclear Throne or Binding of Isaac."
76561198049790982,Recommended,311690,22286175,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Jamez513,"HEY MAN, I HEARD YOU LIKED BULLETS, SO THE DEVS MADE IT SO YOU CAN SHOOT BULLETS AT BULLETS WHO SHOOT BULLETS SO YOU CAN DODGE BULLETS WHILE YOU BULLET YOUR BULLETS AT OTHER BULLETS!Seriously though, this game is fantastic, I love how skill based the combat is. With the addition of the dodge roll and blanks, makes the combat fair and engaging, and while other players complain about the difficulty, I think it is completely fine. It was your fault you got shot, and lost that life, and local co-op makes it great with a friend, plus unlockable characters makes this definitely worth the money, even with the bundle.I would give it a BULLETS!/10"
,Not Recommended,311690,22343860,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Ruga,"I can't recommend the game in its current state. The biggest issue is how enemies scale, and how they scale to each floor. An enemy you can kill in two shots will take three shots on the third floor, and with the RNG in this game being so badly out of your favor as far as key drops go, the game gets more and more frustrating the fewer keys you get. You can go four floors down and get two keys, and you've got to be pretty lucky to get another gun with those two keys.I still have fun on occasion, but the fun I do have is not derived from actually progressing, it's from finding new and interesting guns (which are extremely hard to find), and that's very poor design in a video game."
,Recommended,311690,22349190,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,[Tri-Power] Rex Colt,"I personally love this game.Pros1. Fluid gameplay.2. Varied and interesting dungeons.3. 190 Guns.4. Interesting enemies and bosses.5. Classes are varied.6. Great art style.7. Music is atmospheric and pretty good all around.Meh (could be a pro or con depending on player.)1. Large dungeons.2. Obscure secrets.3. Difficult.Cons1. Super RNG based. (Room generation, chests, shops, bosses, and drops are all randomised.)2. Some weapons are underwelming.3. Some items have minimal effect and can be recieved instead of a weapon.4. Balence problems."
,Not Recommended,311690,22373723,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,danmerey,"""Enter the Gungeon"" is OK, but I strongly recomend to check out other rogue-lites before you play this game: Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, Rampage Knights (with 2-p multiplayer) or Rogue Legacy (other type of rogue-lite, but still try it). Previous games are better then this game.Maybe if developers add online multiplayer, things will become better, but locale multiplayer is not how we play games in our days, sorry.Won't recoment, because I don't want this game to have very high score, so developers can imrove it to get better score! But still — developers made a great work, good job!"
,Not Recommended,311690,33649926,Posted: 19 July,all,Etchasketch,"I can't recommend this game when Nuclear Throne is 100 times better than this. ETG would be so much better if it weren't so stingy with it's guns. You'll spend at least 10 minutes with a peashooter each and every time you start. Those 10 minutes feel exactly the same each and every time. Come on man, give a dog a bone...."
,Not Recommended,311690,29534671,Posted: 27 January,all,Liberty,"This is one of those games I want to like, but I just can't. Enemies get more health on every level and the damage of your weapons never actually goes up. There's only about two items in the whole game which actually increase your damage modifier, meaning that even the most basic Gundead become really spongy after a while. All of the guns, while they have different effects and damage, all feel really samey. Another thing which really irks me is that bosses have damage scaling health, further solidifying that what guns you get don't actually matter. Treasure rooms are a massive pain because you not only need a key for the door, but you also need a key for the chest to get the item, and chances are the item is just going to be a usable item which you can only have one of anyway. Dodging enemy bullets is not particularly hard, so once you've mastered that, the increased health just serves to make things tedious.I love the graphics and overall theme of Gungeon. It's definitely well polished and has a lot of love put into it, but I just can't stand the issues noted above. If there were more damage boosting items, no boss health scaling according to DPS and enemies didn't get more health on every floor, it'd be a far more enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,311690,29684074,Posted: 3 February,all,AMEN BROTHERRRRR,"This may not be of popular opinion, but let me get this off my chest. This is MY reason for not liking the game. Not saying its a bad game, but I feel as though some should know.This game, as you can imagine has guns and lots of guns. Which therein lies the problem. Being a longtime Nuclear Throne fan, I expected big, loud, high impact weapons... Which didnt happen. Sadly what this game suffers from is its overwhelming silliness. Joke gun after joke gun - we start with things like a pillowcase and have another that shoots very VERY slow laser blocks (yeah, ha-ha-ha a ATHF reference.) Yes, there are serious real-life weapons in here, but they seriously dont feel fun to shoot. Its just so completely underwhelming. The bullets themselves most of the time are silly little balls and the sound effects with it are completely uninspiring. The more I play this the more I want to find another game that goes BANG and MEANS it when i click the mouse.TL;DR This gun game does not feel like a gun game. I dig the cute vibe I guess, but guns arent cute. Good dungeon crawler, but shooty shooty is boring."
,Recommended,311690,22252661,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Vagrant|Opiumking,Love it. Everything i could have hoped for so far! Happy gungeoning
,Not Recommended,311690,29564032,Posted: 29 January,all,Carnivore Angel,"An incredibly fun game with remarkably creative item and weapon designs that is all but ruined by bewilderingly restrictive loot generation.  This is a game with a vast arsenal of countless fun, hilarious guns that frequently forces you to fight the first boss with the starting chip damage pistol.  How does that make any sense?  In a roguelike, I am willing to forgive the occasional run being ruined by being dealt a bad hand, but this game is just so downright and unnecessarily mean to the player that almost all the fun is sucked out of its great gunplay."
,Recommended,311690,22253795,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ascot,"Highly addictive, I love it!"
,Recommended,311690,22254634,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ampersand,Great roguelike. Far better than Nuclear Throne (sorry Vlambeer).
,Not Recommended,311690,29702200,Posted: 4 February,all,Tickle Me Elmo,"Pro:- Graphics and sound are great.- Puns everywhere.- Ingame tutorial.- Tons of different weapons.- A shop in which new items and weapons can be purchased for future runs.Con:- The dodgeroll is prominently featured, but really annoingly you can only dodge in the direction you are moving, not the one you are aiming for. It is way more effective to move out of the line of fire.- Table flipping is useless, unless you've got an item that stuns enemys every flip. It makes sense for enemys to hide behind a table but the player has no reason to do so.- Many many different weappons, but most are equaly weak. Have fun beating a boss with the starting weapon and a T-shirt cannon.- Reloading. You are doing that constantly. This makes the game really slower than it could be. At least it should be automatic.- Boss fights are simply not balanced at all. The game mutates there to a bullethell game, just to make it harder, not because it would be fun.It is certainly not the worst game ever made, but it seems many design decisions where made to ""be cool"" and not ""be fun""."
,Not Recommended,311690,30149047,Posted: 24 February,all,LordBlue,"Fun game, but has some major problems. The camera pans to where you are aiming, leaving you next to unable to see behind you. In boss fights that constantly spawn adds, I've died countless times to one simply spawning right behind me and shooting me while giving me no chance to react. As well, the later levels are pure memorization, no amount of ""skill"" will save you on the final floors."
76561197983786651,Recommended,311690,28910598,Posted: 1 January,all,Starbug,"Playing this reminds me of playing on the SNES as a youngster. Back in the good old days. Without a care in the world.It's a bullet hell genre game at heart, done in the style of a rogue like dungeon crawler. Level layouts are randomly generated from a seemingly massive pool of room templates. So many guns to choose from and many different power ups to try out.Like most rogue-likes there's an element of luck in finding good stuff on your run that'll extend your lifespan. Probably my favourite 2016 game for pure enjoyment. The controls are extremely tight and responsive. A very good game indeed!"
76561198024628159,Not Recommended,311690,23915962,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sythrix,"It's alright, but mostly it's just tedious. I don't feel like I'm making any real progress here. I do feel like I'm getting better at it, but it's whether or not I want to keep getting better at it that's the problem. Not much is changing and procedural or not these first areas are getting exceedingly boring to look at.However, most of the characters and enemies will put a smile on your face. The art is awesome, and it's really very pretty when everything is going off. Ultimately though I recommend a game based on gameplay, and really I don't see much gameplay here. It's definitely fun for the first few hours, but the best roguelikes make you look past the fact that you're essentially playing the same thing over again by mixing things up enough and hooking you enough that you just have to keep coming back. I just don't get that feeling here.I may put some more hours into this one day, but I don't know if I'll be able to make myself grind long enough that I actually beat it. It's a great effort, but ultimately it doesn't vary itself enough to stay interesting.Numerical scores are idiotic/10"
,Recommended,311690,22275967,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Mr Freebird,I found a minigun and got into a screen filling contest with the Bullet King.I won.I got to floor 2.I got killed by a Bullet kin with a pistol.
,Not Recommended,311690,28778911,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dream King,"I may not have even an hour in the game, but by looking at other negative reviews, I can tell that asking for a refund was a good choice. I WANTED to LOVE this game so much. Devolver has to be one of my favorite game publishers, so this was a game I had been wanting for a while. I was wrong. The game is a rogue-like and bullet hell, which reminds me of a game I love oh so much, A.K.A., Nuclear Throne. Going into Enter the Gungeon, I was expecting excitement, the way I felt about Nuclear Throne.To start, the game feels a bit clunky. Everything seems a bit too slow, and then when bullets start firing, then the pace starts to pick up. The problem is that it starts to pick up TOO fast. Now with bullet hells, this would be expected. However, in Enter the Gungeon, it does NOT feel right. I'll kill some enemies, start doing good, and WHAM! Some enemy I couldn't see on the edge of my screen is firing bunches of bullets all at me, which couldn't be foreseen due to the enemies right up in my face at that moment. Therefore, I lose a lot of health, and soon die.Next is enemy spawns. In a room, after enemies are killed, more will most likely spawn. What is wrong about this is that those include grenade like enemies, that will basically spawn RIGHT ON TOP of you. Thus ensuring your death. You can't avoid things spawning on you if you are focused on the other enemies that were there before the ones marking your grave appeared.Lastly, the bosses. I only got to fight 2, Bullet King and Gatling Gull. Bullet King was alright, minus the fact that half the time, when you try to dodge, you get hit anyways since bullets followed by more bullets cause undodgeable damage. Then with Gatling Gull, near the end of the fight, an explosive spawned on me, without any indications. Earlier in the fight, he used missles that exploded to try and kill me, but I had time to notice the attack pattern, and try to dodge. There was absolutely NO indicator from what I could see, and it ended in my immediate death.TL;DR - The game is decent, but needs some major tweaking in my opinion. There are many cheap deaths that will get to you, causing all the fun to go away. I tried to love this game, I wanted to, but alas, it is not so. If you are thinking about buying the game, I would suggest Nuclear Throne over this. If you have Nuclear Throne and are looking for a game similar, this is not the one.NEW EDIT: A while back from writing this edit, I purchased The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth+ on Nintendo Switch (Which is why you won't see it in my steam account if you try to look), and to compare it with this game would be a shame, as many are trying to. The Binding of Issac and Nuclear Thrones are both Mona Lisas, whilst this game plays as the essential middle schooler's fanfiction drawing. You can feel that they try to make this game work well, and that they put their heart and soul into it, yet others around them can't understand why they made it work they way they did."
76561198016794014,Recommended,311690,22254753,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,QQtears,"I love Nuclear Throne, I love Binding of Isaac, I love dungeon crawlers, and I will bet that you will love this game too!"
76561198154865707,Recommended,311690,22261623,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Betanormie,It's alright
76561197996497725,Not Recommended,311690,23692634,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,BajungaDustin,"This game has a lot of good going on. Retro style feel with better but not distracting graphics that till feel like a tribute to old crawlers.I loved the gameplay and the mechanics of the monsters but when it came down to it.The Co-Op is not real co-op. The other player is stuck with ONE character that feels a tad lame while the player 1 gets to choose between multiple characters.Games like this could be called Co-Assist IMO would have saved me 3 refunded purchases this week.My biggest complaint with this game is its one of those ""you die you basically start over games"" while you dont entirely start over. Me and my son played this for 4 hours trying to make it past stage 2 and couldnt do it. we ended up unlocking a weapons merchant or somethign like that and he seemed to stay around even after deaths.We made it to the stage 2 boss a couple of times but with not enough life to survive.. then when we died.. went straight back to stage one. No weapons. no upgrades.. just start over.we could only do this so many times before it became stupid and frustrating. (yeah i could have probably made it past these stages without my son.. But i was looking for something i could play with my son. A nice couch crawler. )Im sure its a good game for those that like the restart when you die games. Im more interested in the RPG level up experience."
,Recommended,311690,22325313,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ki†ch,Harder then a Viagra Boner...Check it out though.
,Not Recommended,311690,22769815,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Zeks,"After long consideration, complaints and rants I realized what I really dislike about the game:levels 1,2 and 3 are mechanical work.They pose little to no challenge and, for a player that learned to flawless them once, present no challenge at all. They are just there to waste his time.What makes it even worse - even if you find a good gun, you are forced to save it till level 3 at least before you start using it in rooms.This makes first fifteen minutes of every run a mind numbing almost auto-pilot experience. Bosses are somewhat better, but rooms are incredibly boring and you are forced to go through all of those to collect chests.And taking shortcuts currently locks you out of item progression meaning that everyone who wants to have full potential has to start from lvl 1.This is my main complaint. Ammo requirements and game being incredibly stingy with ammo drops make first levels a bore and those first levels are a necessity for a successful run."
76561198018626026,Recommended,311690,22286271,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Grossly,I could shoot bullets with bullets
,Recommended,311690,22873444,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,PonytailExpress,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
76561198093230223,Recommended,311690,22275157,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,wilfredo615,Great game
76561198012695088,Recommended,311690,22252528,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,FrostSilk,Incredible!!
76561197993148399,Not Recommended,311690,24886432,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Grumpy,"I feel a bit sad about not recommending this game, because it actually has a nice concept and artstyle.I can't get past level 3 however, because it's incredibly hard on you sometimes, and it becomesabsolutely tediousif you do not find a good weapon on Floor 1 or at least the beginning of floor two. It simply isn't an enjoyable experience at that point, and I can't bring myself through the sluggishness of the first two levels anymore.If you're really good at this kind of game and regularly get past level 3, it's probably enjoyable. If you're not very good, it's gonna get boring really quickly."
76561198156352638,Recommended,311690,22285644,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,fire,"Normally i dont like this genre, but ....its a very beautiful g4me and you will love this ....so don´t look at reviews anymore and .... BUY THIS FFS !!!P.S : there are almost 200 different guns ;)"
,Recommended,311690,22285011,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,*4ever.Maynard,"Nuclear Throne + Binding of Isaac + Crypt of the Necrodancer = Enter the Gungeon.You get a loot puppy. He gives you consumables, and in return all he requires is love."
,Recommended,311690,22340395,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,wug,get lightsaberforget to refill lightsaberdieregretsudoku
76561198144774788,Recommended,311690,22256341,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Shanghai Boone,"IGN gave this an 8.5 because it had ""boring guns"" wtf...Buy this if you love yourself and those around you and dont want your pets to die."
,Recommended,311690,22252804,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,17,Best game i ever had !Enjoy it very much !!!!!Worth to buy!
,Recommended,311690,22254647,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Tundra,"Obviously I haven't played for long but I can already tell it's good.Mechanics are great and controls super tight (using XB360 controller at least, that's all I've tried) and I've never picked up the same item twice.Definite buy for the price."
76561198032084696,Recommended,311690,22363660,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,JamNinja,"I play Enter the Gungeon because my favorite movie of all time was Dispicable Me. Gru, the minions, and of course the children were all such well diversed stories which pulled your heartstrings. This should have been one of the best movie titles of the year. Personally, I believe Steve Carell should have won a Grammy for such a wonderful blessing to humanity. Also I have to say it.. The minions are the cutest supporting actors there has ever been. If you love Dispicable Me you will love Enter the Gungeon."
,Not Recommended,311690,23273438,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,flames0408,"I bought this game because the advertising said that if I liked Nuclear Throne I would probably like this. I pre-ordered the collectors edition because I had some extra cash, and played it for about 10 hours. The game probably gets different later on, but every time I play all I can think is one thing: ""Why aren't I just playing Nuclear Throne?"" Compared to Nuclear Throne, Enter the Gungeon plays a lot slower but has a lot more guns. Having more guns mightseemlike an upside, but in reality is isn't. I'd say in my 10 hours of play I saw a few lame guns multiple times while some of the cooler ones showed up once only for me to have it in the back of my mind that it would be really awesome to use. In Nuclear Throne, however, there is a lot less guns meaning that you can sort of build a run around specific weapons. Since NT has guns appear at certain levels and mutations (essentially upgrades) that go around types of weapons (Such as homing bolt weapons, longer melee weapon reach, more damage from energy weapons) you can try to set yourself up so you combine a few mutations and a weapon to do crazy fun and powerful things. In ETG, there's so many weapons that I find myself just simply going with whatever I find because there's nothing else I can do with how little of control I have. Nuclear Throne has different crowns to unlock that give you special abilities that can make the game insanely different. ETG has credits that bosses give you on death that you can spend on more guns you'll see 1/20 of the time. Nuclear Throne has 5 total different modes, Normal, Daily, Weekly, Hard, and Co-op. Normal is just the normal game, Daily is a run that everyone only has one chance on each day and it's the same for each person. Weekly is a run everyone does that is the same, except unlike the Daily runs you can try it as many times as you want as long as it's still active (It stays active for 48 hours from 8 PM EST every Friday to 8 PM EST every Sunday), Hard mode is a much more difficult version of the normal game (Which you actually have to unlock and even unlocking it can be hard), and finally Co-op which is kinda hard to play since it's local co-op only. ETG has it's normal mode and a co-op mode*, but that's it. Honestly, Nuclear Throne beats ETG in so many categories that it's hard to recommend. In my eyes by buying Nuclear Throne instead I've got a better game and a saved $3.*ETG could have more modes but I haven't unlocked any and probably won't."
,Recommended,311690,22280164,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dew,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198097969723,Not Recommended,311690,25370743,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,destrado,This game is too hard!
,Recommended,311690,22332024,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Tarrnack,Its as if like Binding of Issac and Nuclear Throne ♥♥♥♥ed and raised a bullet hell with a love of firearms.
,Not Recommended,311690,23056581,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,crying laughing emoji,"extremely slow paced gameplay, buy nuclear throne."
,Recommended,311690,22275885,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,bub lemon,Table flippin' good
76561198148876317,Recommended,311690,22270198,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Loli,i can't beat the bosses
,Recommended,311690,22265976,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Martin,"Fun fact: most of the negative review say that the game ""is too hard"".Everything is in training bro! If you buy a difficult game and you want to win it easy pizi, you run into the wall. Here there's challenge.So, stop saying the game is too hard. You do not know how to play, that's all."
76561198066662740,Recommended,311690,22277980,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kucing,Killing bullet with bullet10/10
,Not Recommended,311690,33243827,Posted: 4 July,all,Your Foxy Fix,"Enter the Gungeon is quite charming, for the first few hours. The graphics are nice, and finding new, interesting weapons can be fun. However, the game quickly devolves into tedium and frustration. Running the first few floors over and over again trying to get good drops is just not fun. Half of the time I'll get through the first or even the second floor without getting a single gun, wasting time against the boss with the crappy default pistol. Even when a gun does drop, I swear I see the same ~15 guns all the time.Any fun I was having with this game is dead after 15 hours. It's such a shame because there's a good game buried underneath all of the problems, but I don't know if there are going to be any major changes at this point. However, if it were up to me I would reccomend adding some kind of character progression. Maybe character skill trees, some way to unlock new starting weapons, or even to augment the pistol. Enter the Gungeon is much too reliant on rng in my opinion. Every run feels like rolling dice, and player skill has a minimal impact.tl;dr: EtG is too rng based, needs some kind of meaningful progression."
,Recommended,311690,22272327,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,iluvOP,"Its as hard as a space marine's turd, but it never feels unfairly difficult.Its good fun for the asking price. One of the few games with this kind of artstyle that isnt total dogshit."
,Recommended,311690,22278743,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,skurleton,"Enter the Gungeon is a ♥♥♥♥ing blast.Enter the Gungeon is an excellent experience for those who like both Issac and Throne, but honestly? I'd say it leans towards Issac in terms of how much each player would enjoy the game.From what I've seen, some Throne players think the game is still a little too slow for their tastes. I can understand that. It IS a lot slower than NT from what I've seen, but I still like it.While the BoI + NT = EtG still stands, I think the Gungeon can bring it's own audiance as well.Also if theres something that makes Gungeon standout in it's simularites between NT and BoI, is the Bullet Hell. ♥♥♥♥ is this game so Bullet Hell. NT can get that way too, but it's eliviated slightly by Melee weapons. This game might give you Blanks sure, but those are limited. ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ING GORGUN."
76561198091813235,Recommended,311690,22282449,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Jaycoozi,This is one of your best investments for a dungeon crawler game.
,Recommended,311690,22293392,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,babyjeans,I enjoy this game. I enjoy the shooting. I enjoy the dodging. I enjoying the walking. I enjoy this game.
76561198100278662,Recommended,311690,22282086,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,how.to.save.a.life,Step 1: Finish a room with half a heart.Step 2: Watch a chest be dropped.Step 3: Be happy our lord Jesus Christ dropped the chest to save you from your misery.Step 4: Open the chest.Step 5: Watch the chest become a walking enemy with a gun.Step 6: Die.11/10 would die again
,Recommended,311690,22285038,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Haylex,"It is definetly  Binding of Isaac style game. And I love itGd work anyways, love the graphics, its so cool and the animations are greatWp"
,Recommended,311690,22286663,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,a mistake,It's alright.
,Recommended,311690,22291301,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Nikey9,"Looks absolutely gorgeous, plays amazingly well with enough challenging content to keep you playing for a long long time. The game has so many cool little features that make it so great. Everyone should definitely try it."
,Recommended,311690,22253765,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Kolownik,After few runs i can already recommend this amazing game. If you like TBOI or/and Nuclear Throne you will have great time playing Enter The Gungeon.
76561198016452269,Recommended,311690,22254604,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Seanc,"Great game. Like everyone has said, cross between nuclear throne and binding of issac or other such rogue-likes. Enjoying it so far, and people might think im just bad but there is quite a lot of rubbish/useless guns that can make it so so so hard if they drop for you, and before your first few boss fights there are only a few chances at guns in shop or chests. Great game though keeps me going back in and hoping for better RNG!"
76561198042703586,Recommended,311690,22253683,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,BeefPudding,"Simply amazing gameplay & art style.if you like bullet-hell games or action rogue-likes, this is simply put a must buy."
,Recommended,311690,22258755,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hmm...Names,Enters boss room'Ammoconda'10 outta 10
,Recommended,311690,22254581,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,"[N,WO]Camshaft","Goddam adorable, and equally difficult."
,Recommended,311690,22257129,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,阿里体热者哦,Gimme that online co-op!!!
,Recommended,311690,22261383,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Dr.Groose,"Sir, do you like The Binding of Isaac? What about Nuclear Throne? Maybe crazy explosions? Local Co-op with friends? If you've said yes to at least one of these (which you had to have done.) then this game is for you! Seriously though, this game has the difficulty of Isaac and the coolest explosions from Nuclear Throne and I highly reccomend."
,Recommended,311690,22359084,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ironically weeaboo,best
,Recommended,311690,22294886,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,baron von carson,"Wonderful art, music, sound, gameplay. Love it."
,Recommended,311690,22706105,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Paradise Decay,"The video below features Gameplay footage only!It has been designed to give you a non-biased quick look @ the game so you can decide if it would be of interest:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVeINQvhQDgA superb top-down bullet hell adventure romp.Game Details:Enter the Gungeon is a bullet hell dungeon crawler following a band of misfits seeking to shoot, loot, dodge roll and table-flip their way to personal absolution by reaching the legendary Gungeon’s ultimate treasure: the gun that can kill the past. Select a hero [or team up in co-op] and battle your way to the bottom of the Gungeon by surviving a challenging and evolving series of floors filled with the dangerously adorable Gundead and fearsome Gungeon bosses armed to the teeth. Gather precious loot, discover hidden secrets, and chat with opportunistic merchants and shopkeepers to purchase powerful items to gain an edge.The Gungeon: Enter the Gungeon – a constantly evolving bullet hell fortress that elegantly blends meticulously hand-designed rooms within a procedurally-generated labyrinth bent on destroying all that enter its walls. But beware – the Gungeon responds to even the most modest victory against its sentries and traps by raising the stakes and the challenges found within!The Cult of the Gundead: The Gungeon isn’t just traps and chasms – calm your nerves and steady your aim as you face down the gun-totting Cult of the Gundead. These disciples of the gun will stop at nothing to put down the heroes in their tracks and employ any tactics necessary to defend their temple.The Gungeoneers: Choose between one of several unlikely heroes, each burdened by a deep regret and in search of a way to change their past, no matter the cost. Filled with equal parts courage and desperation, these adventurers won’t hesitate to dive across flaming walls, roll through a wall of bullets, or take cover behind whatever is around to make it to their goal alive!The Guns: Discover and unlock scores of uniquely fantastic guns to annihilate all that oppose you in the Gungeon – each carrying their own unique tactics and ammunition. Unleash everything from the tried and true medley of missiles, lasers, and cannonballs to the bizarrely effective volley of rainbows, fish, foam darts, and bees! Yep, bees.Recommended?Yes!"
,Recommended,311690,34801895,Posted: 7 September,all,Hamster Toaster,guns puns are funs
,Recommended,311690,22255539,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lykazejin,This game is so fun. If you like rouge like games you will love this game.
76561198073109760,Recommended,311690,22257424,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Wizardman971,eetz gud mus gut itz da bes gamm evur gete eetz m8E
,Recommended,311690,22395822,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,SchuetzePeter,I'm Addicted
76561198055381825,Recommended,311690,22273988,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Piegum,"mmmm collectors bundle....i dunno comic gun and..music? i think im just gona buy the game""lisents to intro song""MUST BUY MUSIC PACK NOW"
76561198139594323,Recommended,311690,22438407,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Terrarius,better than isaac (which i honestly dont like)and the good game  nuclear throne
,Recommended,311690,22269104,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,5 ping,I installed this game on my SSD. no further questions.
76561198077811291,Recommended,311690,22423961,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,SheckleSteinMcMoneyBags33,Pros: This game is great. It is a mix of Binding of Isaac and what Dungeon Souls should have been. It's very balanced and has a large amount of items and guns. I have about 20 hours and still haven't beat the 4th floor boss.Cons: Sometimes you will get rooms that are completely empty with nothing at all to offer. WHY DO THESE GAMES ONLY ALLOW LOCAL CO-OP AND NOT ONLINE CO-OP?I would pay good money for DLC.
,Recommended,311690,28562400,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,IcyScrumpy,EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENTER THE GUNGEONENTER THE GUNGEONENTER THE GUN-EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,311690,22306537,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,EzzieRa,If you like binding of isaac or nuclear throne or having your legs broken with an aluminum baseball bat then you'll probably  like this game a lot.
,Recommended,311690,28799428,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,no,It's really difficult. Really really difficult. Like really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really difficult. Good luck.
,Recommended,311690,22256026,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Karlaulau,ITS GREAT!
,Recommended,311690,22286236,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,A Meat,"If you're looking for a review that talks about Co-op, this isn't it, haven't tried it out.Enter the Gungeon is a 2D pixel style rogue-lite twin-stick shoots 'em up where you shoot bullets with guns.The enemies are bullets and you shoot them with your gun, that shoots bullets at the bullets, who die despite being Gundead. What I'm trying to say is that the game doesn't take itself too seriously with its setting or theme, but it takes itself incredibly seriously when it comes to gameplay. It's quite damn tough and not a game you should expect to breeze through on your first few (dozen) runsPros:Excellent controls, if you fail, you don't feel like it's the controls' fault. It's yours. You failed.Mouse+Keyboard and Controller support and they're both really good and feel good, and if they don't, you can rebind them so they do.Nice stylized graphics and effects that run perfectly smoothly, even while there are a ton of bullets on screen.Large variety of power-ups and guns that drastically affect your run and make it different from your previous.The music, while not instantly memorable, is pretty good and usually worth keeping on.Great sound effects.Great map system that allows you to quickly teleport to some cleared rooms.Neutral:Not story heavy. If you're looking for a story-heavy game, this probably isn't for you.Inconsistent tone. This game doesn't take itself too seriously and there isn't any real coherence when it comes to guns. You'll have real-life guns standing on the same level as crazy future laser weapons or just cartoony and wacky guns.Quite a high level of difficulty that might not be for everyone, but might be perfect for others.Puns. You might have guessed that from the title.Runs may take a while to complete/fail to complete.Negatives:Boss fights too long and slightly repetitive. Especially if you haven't picked up some cool gun or have run all out of ammo for it.Reloading feels a bit wonky, might be a personal opinion, but having to press an additional button/the fire button again to reload once your clip is empty feels a bit awkward and it's not always clear if reloading continues happening when you reload and switch guns simultaneously.Adorable enemies.I'd easily recommend this game to people who like The Binding of Isaac or Nuclear Throne (like everyone keeps saying), but i'd also recommend it to anybody who enjoys rogue-lites or difficult games in general. It's really fun and part of the fun is seeing yourself getting better and better and unlocking new things, and I'm totally getting that here.It's a pretty good game and totally worth the full price, since this kind of game can give you hundreds of hours of potential enjoyment and frustration.Score: Bullet Kin United beat Gungeon City 3-1"
,Recommended,311690,22286953,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,MrCaveTurtle ♋,puns/10
76561198002966949,Recommended,311690,22290658,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Wangknots || Twigyy,"Never have I ever been worried in my life, as to; dodging bullets, as I shoot bullets, at bullets, while worrying if I run out of bullets, or if the bullet's bullets will hit before my bullets.All in all, buy the game!"
,Recommended,311690,22274197,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,W☣rld ☮™,Rated.
,Recommended,311690,22287095,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Magik,"This game is exactly like my sex life. I only lasted until the first boss, then I stopped trying."
76561198126219536,Recommended,311690,22286951,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,dallashill23,I´ve barely played this game and I´m already in love
,Recommended,311690,22287065,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,seri0us_guy,Everything you could want it to be. Do it
76561198050630080,Recommended,311690,22264261,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,keeyan,Yoyo iz ya boi TIMMY PLEASE LICK CARLOS' POO NOW cmin atcha wita nu game reviws... Diz dat gooood gayme jah'll nahmeanngg heeeck yeaaa boiiii
,Recommended,311690,22282255,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Dance Dance Revelation,even though im doodoo at this game EtG is 10/10 pixelated Darksouls/binding of isaac with alot of guns.
,Recommended,311690,22289183,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Mini,Pros:- The game is difficult but not unfair- The theme song is badass- Tons of guns- Everything is a pun- Everything is a reference to something else- Beautiful art style- Loads of content and replayabilityCons:- ???
,Recommended,311690,22287111,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,roibit,"Seems punishingly difficult, and I mean that in the beast way possible. Very reminiscent of both Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne, but is unique enough to stand beside, as opposed to below, both of those titles.ATM I've played for about 3.5 hours straight and just finally got to the 2nd level. Hard but very satisfying when you finally accomplish something you'vee been throwing youself at.The choice of weapons and variety of enemies definitely keep things interesting. The BoI-like item selection and actions are a blast (sometimes literally) and when combined with a bullethell wraper make this game so far one of my favorites of 2016."
,Recommended,311690,22289311,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Homebro McHambone,"If The Binding of Isaac, Nuclear Throne and Hammerwatch had a baby together, and then it ate all guns ever made, or will be made, you'd pretty much have this game."
76561198166757168,Recommended,311690,22290619,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,alaughingpig,WELL ITS A GRATE GAME. but there should be options to upgrade heath and pick up heath boosts and also a co op option
76561198086348543,Recommended,311690,22278786,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Spectre Knight,hard but great
76561198058567063,Recommended,311690,25061787,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Chip Dip,"This is probably one of my favorite roguelikes to date, and I love roguelikes."
,Recommended,311690,29534690,Posted: 27 January,all,HyperBoar,"it gud, buy it m8"
76561197972369732,Not Recommended,311690,22784119,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,tanelorn,"The problem that I have with this game is that, for the most part, the guns kind of all feel the same.  They may shoot different things (bullets, letters, t-shirts etc.), but they all feel underpowered except for a few.  This wouldn't be so bad if there was access to more guns during a run so that I could pick and choose what I decide to go with.  I would say about 90% of the time, I go into the first boss battle with my starter gun and only one other (which is usually not a whole lot better and worse much of the time).Item drops are rare and way too expensive in the shop.  As with the guns, the items are bland and rarely seem to make a difference.  I would love to experiment with some of them, but I spent all my money on a key to open the last chest on the level which contained a blank.  I remember one game during which I had about four passive items and the run felt exactly like any other run.  The items made no discernable difference to make that particular run different.I love the way the game looks, it controls well and it seems like there is a lot to discover.  At this point, I'm just not sure it's worth the time.There is hope for this game if some things get changed.  For now, I'll stick with Isaac.I'd give it 4 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,311690,22751976,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,zeuxis,the game wasnt bad but it lacked online multiplayer. so it wasnt for me. if you have ppl over alot and can do couch co-op it probably wouldnt be that bad
76561198157723081,Recommended,311690,23775127,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,shaunbomb73,this game is very fun and challenging. 10/10
,Recommended,311690,26627020,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,B.W.S,pretty ♥♥♥♥ing Dank.
,Recommended,311690,22335803,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,arbor day,"This is the game I wanted Nuclear Throne to be.It plays very much like that, but is a true roguelike, which Nuclear Throne is not.If you have played Nuclear Throne, or its freeware prototype Wasteland Kings, then you'll have a good idea what to expect. The general controls and gameplay are nearly the same.There are a ton of different guns to find, as well as a ton of passive and active use items. You start with four classes available to you (five if you count the co-op only class) and there are a couple you can unlock. Since it's a roguelike, it also has permadeath and you're gonna die a lot. This isn't an issue, though, as the game keeps giving me that ""just one more run"" feeling.The enemy roster is pretty varied, and they all have different and unique bullet patterns, which really make them interesting. This also helps keep the game fresh, as two rooms with enemy loadouts that are nearly the same but not quite can play totally different.There is an in-game book that logs all the items you find, and things you kill. Each has a bit of flavor text, which help add to the lore of the game, which is a nice touch.This game has one really huge negative, which is the utterly confusing lack of online co-op. If this would get addressed in a patch, this would be a near perfect game for me."
76561198149020899,Recommended,311690,22399813,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,help,"This game is so cool, it sucked a guys♥♥♥♥♥♥for a bus fare, and then it WALKED. This game is so cool, it slept with my girlfriend, and I didn't even care. This game is so cool, I had to beg for my life when it threatened to kill me. I rate it 9/11"
,Not Recommended,311690,24381287,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ŧⱳỉƞ Ʀẳⓜƃø,Terrible for people who are not on a scale of 1/10 10 being greatest. A 8 at Bullet Hells
,Recommended,311690,22389443,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Pretentieux,Bit the bullet and loved it.10/10 would eat lead again.
76561198158301352,Not Recommended,311690,23141158,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Restin4pieces,"I can see that a lot of effort was put into this game but I feel betrayed because of the false advertisment that was intentionally or unintentionally broadcasted by the youtubers and streames as ""The better version of Isaac"".I stopped playing the game after 3 hours not because it was hard (oh and it is hard at first!), but becasue it needs full atention at all times and the type of controls that it uses. I confess I have almost 2k hours in Isaac, but even in the beginning I was fun and a relaxed game for me. As I heard from my friends, it has a steep learing curve and it flattens and then it is RNG that if you get a good gun you  can just win the game.Long story short this game has nothing to do with Isaac and please stop comparing it with it."
,Recommended,311690,22281507,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Infern,"This is the Dark souls of Binding of Isaac mixed with Nuclear throne.2 chests per floor (not including the random drops)Each chest has a chance of holding a gun, passive or usable item...Then theres the shop where you can spend your bullets to get health, ammo, passives or a gun.It's a literal ""Bullet""hell... If you can't master the power of dodge rolling like a pro you are going to get hit.Most runs you will have 6 health, your basic sidearm (infinity ammo), your class gun (powerful depending on how you use them) and usually a passive.The hunter happens to be my favourite class due to the crossbow (it is overpowered) on early game enemies... though beyond using them on the ""trash"" enemies avoid using them.There is hidden routes in the game that you have to find yourself. (Or spoil by reading guides on the internet).To those who are complaining the game is too hard... In the words of a dark souls fan... Get gud...The bosses telegraphing is pretty easy to figure out...But the amount of bullets can be too distracting...Did i forgot to mention perma-death on death... so you have to restart each time again...It's worth it for the combinations you can aquire... Imagine an ability to flip tables... all together... with a second passive that makes them into rockets... Causing them to explode on impact... It's fun... O_O"
76561198059952159,Recommended,311690,22502960,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Bandit Keith,sick game
,Recommended,311690,28739980,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Spoopy Gittu,This newBinding of isaac : rebirthdlc is great
76561197972590763,Recommended,311690,22281901,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Raki,"Play with your mates, have a good time!"
76561198018671625,Recommended,311690,22280052,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kryptonite,B U L L E TB U L L E T(Blam)
76561198051368377,Recommended,311690,22280149,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Uilyam,"I like, very nice.""Enter the gungeooon, the gungeooon, the gungeoooon."""
,Recommended,311690,29523847,Posted: 27 January,all,cyaro201,mah
76561198028760050,Recommended,311690,22265087,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Znido,"I'm only into the first few hours of playing Enter The Gungeon and I can already without a doubt say that this game is something special. An amazing little package that offers all of the classic rogue-like shooter games and does them so very well with its own flavor standing tall next to heavyweights suchs as The Binding of Isaac.  To put it in as fewer words as I can, Enter The Gungeon boasts amazingly tight controls, killer soundtrack, charming character design and fast paced gunplay that will have you addicted in no time. Whether you're new or old to these types of games I must recommend you play this game.10/10: Would dodge-roll forever"
,Recommended,311690,22264977,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Agarthan,"""8.5/10 some of 190 guns are boring"" - IGNYo dog, we heard you like guns and bullets, so we made bullets with guns with bullets and guns that are bullets that shoot guns that shoot bullets carried by a bullet so you can shoot bullets while you shoot guns from bullets at bullets with guns who shoot bullets.B U L L E T   B U L L E T   B U L L E T   B U L L E T   B U L L E T"
,Recommended,311690,22265388,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Aruoka,"It's Difficuilt indeed - but there is so much Detail and Love in all the Graphics, the Sounds and such.I would highly recommend it - if you can tackle Frustration due to not being able to Dodge any Bullet.Or having stood there and got a Bullet to the Face."
,Recommended,311690,22274724,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Elemenoh,Bored of issac? here you go...
,Recommended,311690,22273418,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Cat People,"I have 81 hours put into Nuclear Throne, have been following the devs since the beta, and it's been one of my top favorites since it came out.Until I entered the Gungeon. I tell you, the view from the Gungeon is better than any perch upon a throne.Get this game. This is the quality you should look for."
,Recommended,311690,22426763,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Rabid Mexican,"Enter The GungeonCheck out my series on the game if you want to see how the game plays -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-FX-yjzpkg&list=PLp4LoO1eXIyZAiH-YnfhEP6M-0iOTw1uIGraphicsWith a pixel art style and amazing animations this game is AAA in the 2D graphics arena. Seriously this game just oozes style and absolutely nails it. It looks better than Isaac, it looks better than Nuclear Throne and headshots both of them with the shear array of fluid and beautiful animations for the characters, enemies and guns.What is most surprising is the amount of love they have put into the guns and how they look. There are so many guns, each with their own shot types, firing animation and reloading animation. Its the little things. I had a Witch pistol that fired magic charged bullets, when reloading a steaming pile of glowing casings pops out and lies steaming on the floor. How cool is that!? Very. That is just a basic example. Some guns are so interesting, they transform, have special shots at the end of their clip. They gave these guns some graphical love for sure.One negative is that this game is also a bullet hell. That means a whole load of shots and enemies on the screen at once. Some times with my own shots and the screen load of undodgable mess that the enemies make it can become very difficult to see what is going on. But hey, it´s a bullet hell right? A very minor and infrequent complaint!9/10GameplayHow does it compare to games like Isaac? I will sum that up fairly briefly - it is fast, fluid and intense. With games like Isaac the combat is fairly slow paced, while still being intense because of the danger in every room. Gungeon offers the same panicky, intense situations with fast paced gunplay with stylish execution.There are many gameplay elements that break away from simply point and click shooting. You can use the walls to take cover, flip tables that act as temporary cover (the enemies can do this too, it´s super annoying haha) and use traps like falling chandeliers, rocks and explosives. It´s all great stuff, activated quickly on the fly and keeps the game fluid. Another great addition is the teleporters which allow you to teleport around the map, diminishing back-tracking (but not completely) which keeps you in the games flow. Great.The guns. This is the games biggest draw. There are 190 guns in the game. ONE HUNDRED AND NINETY. That is insane considering there are no re-skins, similar guns or slightly modified versions, each gun has been given love and time. While one of my complaints is that some guns are pretty bad, as in worse than your starting weapon, I think it adds a nice layer to the game (like in Isaac and most roguelikes) where you have to learn what´s good and bad. I also found that whilst I hate some weapons (the sawn-off especially) some people love them and do very well with them. Devolver Digital did a great job making all guns viable, you just have to alter your play style.The passive items improve your character permanently, I have no idea how many there are but there seems to be a LOT. They are generally fairly modest improvements, such as standards like some bullets poison enemies, larger shots, speed ups etc. However, one thing I will say is that they are generally not very powerful. I have only one or two times picked something passive up that is a game changer, but a couple of synergies have been incredible - fire-rate up, large bullets and exploding shots for example!Difficulty. Oh boy. This game is HARD. Not like Isaac hard, more like Nuclear Throne hard. It will take a lot of deaths to get anywhere near the end of the game. Personally for me it´s perfect, a fantastic balance between gating progress by having to learn boss and mob patterns and not being unfair. The thing that stands out for me is that EVERY hit I feel like could have been avoided. Not an easy feat with a bullet hell because some of the time it is, well, hell. The game gives you a great ""get out of jail free card"" with the blank system (it kills all enemy shots on screen and knocks back enemies) so you should never feel like the game is unfair.9/10SoundI don´t have much to say about the games sound (or any games sound for that matter!) but what I will say is it´s excellent. The opening song has vocals and most of the music is not irritating.Where the game does shine in this department is the sounds of the guns. Each gun sounds incredible, better than many big budget shooters (albeit sans 3D environmental effects). It really adds to the game in my opinion, even though the music tracks (apart from the opening theme) seem a little easy to forget.7/10Replay ValueIf you can stomach the roguelite/like formula then it´s great. If not, well just hope you enjoy the first floor a lot. The way this works is that as you find people in the Gungeon they return to the Breach, a sort-of hub world you enter just before your adventure begins. You collect various vendors that will show up in the Gungeon and sell you items, however the draw is that you must unlock these items by spending special credits you only collect from bosses. This works really well because as you improve the arsenal of weaponry at your disposal does too, always giving you new guns and passives to try out and experiment with.Not to spoil too much but the game is crammed with secret floors, bosses, endings, characters and generally a whole load of content that will keep you busy for around 100 hours at least to 100% it (as an estimate, I am no where near 100%).8/10Anything Else?Yes, since you are asking. Mouse vs. controller. This one is annoying. The game play fantastically on both, but can you guess the problem? The aim-assist is so powerful with a controller that when I first played and couln´t kill the 2nd boss, I tried with a controller and got to the 4th boss. With the aim assist it gives you a lot of breathing space to dodge because you don´t have to focus on hitting the enemies, it can be a little annoying but generally it is a little ridiculous. I do think it is necessary though, because there is no way a pad is keeping up with the speed of a mouse, and this game is pretty intense. Rant over haha.ConclusionsThe game is great. If you like Isaac, buy it. If you like Nuclear Throne, buy it. If you like roguelites in general, buy it. However, if you do NOT like hard game, do NOT buy it. It will test you. It will break you.Fast paced, loads of content, great mechanics, looks great, stylish as bullethell. Highly Recommended.8.5/10"
,Recommended,311690,22282316,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,>：3,"My Ammoconda don't want none unless you got Guns hon.Another fun game in the quickly growing genre of ""twin stick shooter roguelikes"", unlockable weapons and upgrades, a sense of progression due to the floor bosses dropping currency to use for these unlocks and a slick control scheme all add to the top down gunplay. Also has better cover shooter and dodging mechanics than the division, and has more to do with puns than guns. So why isn't it called enter the pungeon??"
,Recommended,311690,22289133,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Xombie,"Granted I haven't spent a lot of time on this game. I think I've only spent an hour or so playing with just two characters and I'm already hooked. If you dumped some crazy over 200+ hours into The Binding Of Isaac, will do it here for sure as well. Excellent sound track. Easy controls. I haven't tried using a controller since this game supports it. Just from the little bit that I have played though on single player, I can say I have enjoyed the experience and plan to just dump more hours into playing this. The enviorment can be trickey in the lower stages or in certain areas. With so many bullets flying your way you might forget about what is around you. I know I have.Let me just say... Mistakes were made. Big time. Numerous times on my end. I don't find it disturbing the flow of things.A rouge bullet hell dungeon crawler? Yes please. Thank you. Now to no longer exist for hours at a time because I'll be too busy dodging bullets and firing mine back. I highely recommend this game."
,Recommended,311690,22289562,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,HeyMikey,Brilliant game.  Great soundtrack and rewarding gameplay.
,Recommended,311690,22289784,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Danny,is good
76561198132467945,Recommended,311690,22290014,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,KARDAS DRAGON,Check list of thing Enter the Gungeon has:Guns- CheckGreat Puns- Check CheckLoads of funs- Check Check Check
76561198028081528,Recommended,311690,22290435,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,velvetrose,"Great game, would not reccomend to people who don't enjoy high difficulty."
76561198026438963,Recommended,311690,22291211,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,NintenDooM,Absolutely amazing. Lovechild of Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne.
76561198142774996,Recommended,311690,22291253,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Pepe Pig,"from the creators of broforce, serious sam series, hotline miami, party hard and the producers of binding of isaac comes a new bullet hell, dungeon exploration game that has nearly an infinite amount of gameplay time since it plays just like the binding of isaac but with new mechanics such as guns, particle effects and shading not to say the improved graphics. this game provides intresting combat mechanics, weapons and items. for only £10 i belive that this game provides all thats is needed for hours of gun blazing fun. it is worth the price and would rate 8 out of 8 since it is gr8 m8."
,Recommended,311690,22288664,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Steve-Chan,its good
76561198054904426,Recommended,311690,22256467,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Pick,Just buy it already30/10 shirt cannons
,Recommended,311690,22254416,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,BobxRawks³,"Is game is like crack, #GOTY"
76561198050024265,Recommended,311690,22253787,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,jet,really hard and pretty fun
76561197979777274,Recommended,311690,22253176,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,APinkFluffyRabit,"Looks good, Sounds good, Plays Good."
,Recommended,311690,22253425,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Death,This game is a mix of Nucler Throne and Binding of Isaac and its a really really good one. You wont regret it.
76561198176507757,Recommended,311690,22253461,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,EmphaeY.csgoroll.com,My pet is  Doge 10/10
,Recommended,311690,22253520,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ILLICIT,Binding of Isaac + Nuclear throne = Enter The Gundeon+loads of funB.U.L.L.E.T B.U.L.L.E.T B.U.L.L.E.T B.U.L.L.E.T B.U.L.L.E.T B.U.L.L.E.T B.U.L.L.E.T B.U.L.L.E.T
,Recommended,311690,22253691,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Midnight Owl | HyperNoob,"Sometimes you wake up and - y'know - you just want to know what it's like to be filled with lead.Today is just one of those days.Enter the Gungeon is what I would call a game for masochists. It's learning curve is pretty steep! But no matter how many times you try, (and die!) you never think that the game is being unfair - only that you could have played a little better. You could have timed that dodge-roll a millisecond later. You could have waited out that shot. You could have picked up that ammo pack for a different gun. ETG is one of those games that makes you want to get better at it.Of course, you don't care about that. GET IT BECAUSE IT HAS GUNS. LOTS OF GUNS. GET IT NOW."
76561197982447370,Recommended,311690,22254059,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mondi,"The game is a blast, even if im not exactly great at this kind of games, or even play this kind of games in all honesty, pure fun to pick up and enjoy all the funky weapons, both in long and short doses. The fact that you can flip tables also helps."
76561198069979795,Recommended,311690,22254413,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lifearecool,Amazing. Outstanding. Excellent. Those are a few words i would use to describe Donald Trump.10/10 would recomend
,Recommended,311690,22254579,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Merbz,I LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,311690,22252828,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Syd,"Day one of game being out. Already love it and am ranting at all of my friends to get it.Looks like I'll be playing this for a long time, really nice devs too, friendly and they really care for the game.Already made it to one of my favourites."
,Recommended,311690,22253392,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,smbrock72,Who doesn't love shooting crap of cute things?! This game is so awesome. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,311690,22253829,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,zhuboy,SourPls
76561198088607913,Recommended,311690,22253916,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Föe,This game is the ♥♥♥♥ing GOAT!
76561198206028628,Recommended,311690,22254355,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Prime_Paradox,"Just about 40 hours in at the time of writing this and I still haven't seen the end of the game.Seriously, the hardest game I've ever had the pleasure of playing though my only complaint would be that the game is a little stingy with ammo and guns. The game is full of secrets and awesome items to unlock. It'll kick your♥♥♥♥♥over and over again but you just keep coming back for more just to see if you can get a little farther."
,Recommended,311690,22254475,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Cromulon,Pretty good. I''ll update later.*Edit 1: ♥♥♥♥ing Brutal!*edit 2: this game kinda get boring after a while. Unless u are dedicated to this game or you're really good at these bullet type hells.
76561198110188745,Recommended,311690,22254551,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,GOTOHELL YOU FUCKING PIECEOFSHIT,Only one sentence can describe this game. ABSOLUTELY ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME.
,Recommended,311690,22254570,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,пудинг,10/10 would dodge roll again
76561198054796003,Recommended,311690,22256250,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Puma,"Enjoy games like rogue legacy? Or well rogue likes in general? then you're gonna love this :)This game is really similar to ""Nuclear Throne"" but a much more complete version of that game, The game is all around grat and I'd definitley reccomend it"
,Recommended,311690,22261513,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Yanthrax,This game is awesome (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻
,Recommended,311690,22343118,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Fangaas x64,"No matter how far I got and how hard I fail, i'll always be back for another go in 5-10 minutes.Absolutely excellent in co-op, though a shame that the second player has no character choice."
,Recommended,311690,22385934,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,SpacerZ,I'm pretty sure the games code is made of bullets.
76561198274532028,Recommended,311690,25080433,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,iAmSirDerp,10/10 Needs more dank memes
,Recommended,311690,22256945,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Clown Bard,Should be called Crypt of the Nuclear Isaac imo
,Recommended,311690,22260384,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,spos,Best roguelike I've played in a long time.
76561197974903240,Recommended,311690,22263082,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Recoil,"I had a vision for a video game since I was a child playing Smash TV in the arcade, it evolved slowly throughout my life and then this game came along and blew my vision outta the water and all I can see is this! Play this game!"
,Recommended,311690,22272601,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Road to 0 MMR,Best Isaac that is not Isaac
,Recommended,311690,22293729,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Emrakul King,This game is a 2000/10 game these types of games qith this type of quality dont come along very often I think that this game is fantastic
76561198015565876,Recommended,311690,22294413,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Lone Wanderer,You! Yeah YOU! What are you waiting for?? Go and buy the game!!
,Recommended,311690,22601844,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Anal Rummaging,"Really good game however key bindings for the controller is completly ♥♥♥♥ed and item drops are way too low but then again this game is meant for you to ♥♥♥♥ing kill yourself. 9.87182/12 out of ten. would be 10/10 if you guys didnt ♥♥♥♥ me with the controller but other than that, ♥♥♥♥ you"
76561198166549175,Recommended,311690,22259283,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Tactical_Blue,"ETG is just pure fun. Dungeons,Loot,Bosses, & Bullets!"
,Recommended,311690,22260461,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Living Trash,"Loving this game even though I suck at it.  Fast paced, very replayable, and creative - Enter the Gungeon is all of these and more.  Definitely worth the pickup and the devs have said they're planning on regular updates and even a possible DLC."
,Recommended,311690,22257094,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Roki B,AMAZING. PERFECT.
,Recommended,311690,22265036,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,MrUnpredictable,This game is amazing and I can't wait for coop so that I can actually pass level 2 of the gungeon :P
,Recommended,311690,22267031,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ki Urakan,i die and die again but always life again on another scene. hard game for me but never get me bored
76561198012996790,Recommended,311690,22276740,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Random Asshole,I pointed gun and shot10/10
76561198055954224,Recommended,311690,22265452,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Delsoonbye,you can ♥♥♥♥♥♥ table flip!!!!!10/10
,Recommended,311690,22366695,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Freep,"Litteraly a bullet hell type game. The games wepons are also increadbly cool or goofy, ranging from Bannana Bombs, to Tommy Guns, to a Dungeon Eagle, ya a f***ing Dungeon Eagle."
,Recommended,311690,22260439,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Xiokasane,More like enter the FUNgeon...i'll leave now.
,Recommended,311690,22267982,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Subz-,"Highly recommended, It's like The binding of Isaac and Nuclear throne had babies"
,Recommended,311690,22310694,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SpiffmeisterZ,"Shoot things, flip tables, get new guns, shoot even more things, get killed, do it again.I never could fully get into Isaac or Nuclear Throne, but their secret little love child here is absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,311690,22275445,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,mewn,Dungeon crawling meet bullet hell
76561197985093930,Recommended,311690,22258508,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TwistedParadox,Binding of Isaac + Nuclear Throne = Enter The Gungeon.10/10 best game ever.
76561198046699137,Recommended,311690,22262897,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bucket Of Boat Trash,"The first boss is an eagle  man with a Gears of War troika gun. My only weapon was a gun that literally shot ""BULLET""s at enemies. I died.Yes/10 Would be turned into mulch again."
,Recommended,311690,22263657,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,"Notorious Rapper ""Food Chainz""","This game so far has been one of the most polished and exciting experiences I've had in gaming, if you're a fan of Nuclear Throne or The Binding of Isacc you'll love this."
76561198010334329,Recommended,311690,22295425,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Strange Bot,"You can shoot people with a lower case ""r"""
76561198058097582,Recommended,311690,22309162,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,UnknownBrigade,This game is a walking easter egg. 100/10 Best game of it's type in a while. Worth the money spent easily.
,Recommended,311690,22465019,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,DeedudeDee,U like fun games that will beat your♥♥♥♥♥like Nuclear Throne? play gungeon. U like the randomness of rooms like in isaac? play gungeon. U like the wide variety of guns like from borderlands? play gungeon. Wanna kill youself? dont play gungeon
,Recommended,311690,22263835,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,God,Nuclear throne and binding of isaac combined with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of guns. 10/10
76561198057567320,Recommended,311690,22295014,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,chronicoma,"I only bought this game today, and i have played 7 hours non stop, and its realllllllllly goooooood. Yes, granted, this is my type of game, but....... its gosh darn really fun and pretty hard as well i have only gotten to the 2nd boss gaaaah i need sleep now so this review is probably garbage. any way, thumbs up from me ! ! !"
76561198094086385,Recommended,311690,22309967,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Comrade,oh godso much deathso many bulletsso little timebut still inferior to BOI afterbirth
76561197966754610,Recommended,311690,22310062,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,darK ✪,Fun game.Can't get passed level one though. Played hours never beat a single boss.
,Recommended,311690,22256312,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Wispy,it has guns
,Recommended,311690,22258758,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Samurai Jack TH,brb. gotta do hwk.
76561197989901947,Recommended,311690,22259631,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,duckpraiser,"One of the best things about this game is the music, Its worth playing for that alone. However, the rest of the game is extremely fun and worth your time."
,Recommended,311690,22263051,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,King Cole,Difficult as ♥♥♥♥. I love it!
76561198141706594,Recommended,311690,22263489,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TheWarden,Good Game +1
76561198061660898,Recommended,311690,22265085,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Epitome,Love this game! No regrets:D
76561198261544877,Recommended,311690,22293229,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Kyzoo,"Great game!First game I bought, and is well worth it!This will keep me busy for many hours!I've had no issues using Keyboard/Mouse so far."
,Recommended,311690,22295579,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Es-Train,Died by gorgun poison after killed it11/10
76561198002595689,Recommended,311690,22299727,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dizzy (Binary),"They fixed a memory problem I was having!!Thank you devs, great game!"
,Recommended,311690,22305459,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,à la folie,Played and beat the hardest difficulties of Touhou.Died on the first level.10/10
,Recommended,311690,22308081,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,NazoraDoraTheExplorer,"Really Fun, Like Isaac but much, much harder."
76561198084621626,Recommended,311690,22310476,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,jeff the slime,WOW its so good
,Recommended,311690,22310576,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,GLENCOCO,:)
,Recommended,311690,22259255,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Just A Croissant,Shot by a trigger happy bullet in my quest to find the gun that can kill time10/10 would die again
76561198065502614,Recommended,311690,22260281,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Akaso,"OVER NINETY HOURS.The game is magnificent, the controls are tight, the guns are very distinctive.Just stay away from Steam Forums and use Reddit or the Curse forums, the Steam community is filled with elitist manchildren."
,Recommended,311690,22261098,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ksi Has Cancer,"This game is absolutly amazing. The music is awsome, The art is well-made. I had expected like everybody else a nuclear throne + tboi but this is more. I absolutly love this in the short time i have played it."
76561198037882850,Recommended,311690,22258411,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Scoobert,Is a fun game with a skill cap I cannot overcome still glad I played what I did.
,Recommended,311690,22260577,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Pigle Rig :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD,"Really good. A bit like Binding of Isaac but bigger and better looking and with guns, dogde rolls and bullet hell elements. One thing that BoI does better though is the visual character progression. You can really see how the progress in the game changes your character. This game is a lot harder than BoI though. Be prepared to die a lot. Especially when going up against one of the many bosses."
,Recommended,311690,22263844,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,MasterLuigi452,"In my honest opinion, Enter the Gungeon is a bit slower paced than Nuclear Throne thanks to reloading time.However this creates a bit of thinking ahead. When should I be reloading and the safest time to do so?In addition to you all Nuclear Throne veterans: all characters CAN ROLL LIKE FISH.HERE IS THE KICKER: THAT ROLL IS A DODGE ROLL SO YOU AVOIDE DAMAGE.FISH COULDN'T DO THAT.Buy this game.Y.V. Verified/10.P.S.: Yung Venuz and Melting makes a cameo in this game."
76561198045566464,Recommended,311690,22293674,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Scrode,10/10 would fight a super muscular bird with a gatling gun again
,Recommended,311690,22304942,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,"Challenging as ♥♥♥♥... The bosses are a bit overtuned in my opinion, but it's not gamebreaking, the key rng is rough though"
,Recommended,311690,22256479,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Vertikaalinen Vittu,Yes.
76561198062559857,Recommended,311690,22259250,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Leurfe,"This game gets better and better the more you play it, if you like a good challenge this is the game for you!"
76561197970153763,Recommended,311690,22260963,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,unkind,"Don't like BoI or Nuclear Throne, this is the 144+ FPS ultimate mutation of the two!"
76561198134341189,Recommended,311690,22265463,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,albert feinstein,I hadn't even played the game yet and i give it a 10/10
,Recommended,311690,22266375,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,greenm4ster,"Shoot bullets at bullets while they shoot bullets back at you.IGN: 10/10 - ""Like Skyrim with bullets."""
76561198079152677,Recommended,311690,22266644,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Laura Palmer,"GUNS AND GUNS AND GUNS AND GUNS HAROO, HAROO!"
,Recommended,311690,22267822,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Derp,"Why is my character blacked out while inside the gungeon?Not a deal breaker anyways, I'd love to see if I can get past the second boss."
,Recommended,311690,22277089,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Secone,"Absolutely love it. Considering I have Binding of Isaac 100%'d as of this review I'm a huge fan of rogue-likes of all kinds. I bring up BoI because, admittedly, it's pretty easy to tell it was the main influence behind this game, but it adds plenty of originality and cool features to distinguish itself clearly! The items are interesting and unique, unlockable stuff is always my weak point, and I'm still finding surprises around every corner, I absolutely recommend this game for anyone looking to lose hours off their lives."
76561198143306013,Recommended,311690,22293244,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,this_grill_is_on_fire,"Brutally hard, yet so worth it. 10/10"
76561198110850572,Recommended,311690,22294859,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,xSTAT3DxC0MB0x,.
76561198052608431,Recommended,311690,22305499,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,OccultEyes,"Probably the best Rogue-Light since Isaac, this game is fun a fast paced, fun as heck bullet-hell simulator that will give you a bad time the good way.Can only be reccomended if you're into these kind of games. The only thing it needs is more of itself."
76561198136484478,Recommended,311690,22306031,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Grapiist,A WaterShotGun that makes barrels explode.............♥♥♥♥ing hell m8.Gameoftheyear out of 8 - IGshrek
76561198074448758,Recommended,311690,22307263,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SMsparkz,This game has guns. Guns that go BOOM!. Love this game X)
,Recommended,311690,22309679,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Scary Terry BITCH,enter the gundeon is well worth your money. keep in mind though that it is very tough and will takw a few goes before you start to get the hang of it. its a great game
,Recommended,311690,22383068,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Fishing for birdies,I have entered the Gungeon. Can I stay here?
,Recommended,311690,22269681,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Brallax,"If you enjoy Binding of Isaac and bullet hell games, you'll love the hell out of this game."
76561198200425638,Not Recommended,311690,29912216,Posted: 13 February,all,rocketracer,The game doesn't wort it keeps crashing
,Recommended,311690,25101467,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Bboy9451,I still haven't made it past the title screen.
76561198120391405,Recommended,311690,25191121,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Zinogre,I love this game
,Recommended,311690,25209691,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,nini,"Great rouge like game, better than Binding Of Issac"
76561198272322716,Recommended,311690,25363847,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,timothyturnerson,"Flipped over a table,pulled out my biggest gun,shot my worst enemy,thats what happened when my wife told me this game looks stupid"
76561197970491926,Recommended,311690,22278852,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Totoro,"Wildly addictive, rogue-like, gun inspired, dungeon shooter!Great music and nice lighting.Graphics could be a little sharper, especially for the guns.Very similar to Nuclear Throne.Will have to try this in Coop."
,Recommended,311690,22414396,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ZNightLocker,Ok this game my god so hard to explainlove it and rage quit to come back after 5 min cause i am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥make sense right ?its not easy on new comers like me had to yt♥♥♥♥♥♥google man this game is fun and hard :DGive it a try7.9/10 beacuse i just rage quit
76561198209853667,Recommended,311690,29618561,Posted: 31 January,all,snowyguy94680,this game is shity
,Recommended,311690,22261391,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,AlphaSix,"Awesome game, especially if you have someone to play locally. I hope they add online co-op, its the one thing the game is missing."
,Recommended,311690,22301990,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Paul Atreides,LETS GET IT
,Recommended,311690,30884034,Posted: 1 April,all,Loatheb,"Enter the Gungeon?More like, Enter the FUNgeon!worst joke ever"
,Recommended,311690,22387010,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,dreggoon,"Want to be stressed out within the hour? Pshhh who am I kidding? Your session will never end. Day after day, week after week, until the heavenly past-killing gun is shown in its mighty glory. Me? No no NO. I have not yet acclaimed this. But if I ever do, you know those agonizing losses will exist no more.Can someone love such an agonizing experience? YES Don't even get me started on co-op...;)"
,Recommended,311690,22363603,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,zatbros,GREAT GAME!!!!!!!!!!
76561198303185071,Recommended,311690,22869932,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Toxic toad,Super fun.
,Recommended,311690,22872481,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,BACCHUS808,Bruh! Play dis shizz!
,Recommended,311690,22849937,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,@willoneill,"""Lambs go to slaughter. A man, he learns when to walk away.""- The Greek"
,Recommended,311690,22452223,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,gothhenge,"Being a fan of Binding of Isaac, I enjoy the gameplay, art style, and quirky enemies, and the variety of items you can find.  To me, this game is a lot harder than Isaac, but I'm grinding my way through it.  Aside from the title screen, I'm not a huge fan of the music."
,Recommended,311690,22871096,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mikail Yazzy,Rogue Legacy meets twin stick = retro heaven <3
76561198101541948,Recommended,311690,22383945,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,"""Not"" a Cult Leader",Fantastic game. I'm not very good and have only gotten to the third floor but it is still fun either way.
76561198014059640,Recommended,311690,22384099,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Bogs,Best roguelike I have played since Binding of Isaac but this review is quite bad.
,Recommended,311690,22384848,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,PoopGenitalz,Nuclear Throne + The Binding of Isaac + Gun puns? ♥♥♥♥ yes.
,Not Recommended,311690,29186379,Posted: 11 January,all,lightsier,"A very well made game with great music, but the RNG drove me insane.  I played a hundred hours but really only a fraction of that was fun as I felt I was just playing to wait for favorable RNG.  I felt like I was grinding in a RPG, but instead of trying to get levels I was just waiting for favorable items to appear.The average run is about an hour so I understand that there is a need to extend the gameplay, but I felt other games did a better job of being more generous with their items.I saw a particular groups of items appear often so my playthroughs felt similar to me.  There are weapons that I've unlocked early that I still have never aquired or if I have was at the very end of a run so an interesting weapon was only used for about five minutes total out of a hundred hours of gameplay.I've gotten all the four character endings, but every time it by randomly grinding away and waiting for favorable items.I've played for such a long time because I kept thinking if I unlocked more items, the game would become more enjoyable with more favorable things to aquire, but in my experience you just have a wider pool of things you probably aren't going to ever see.This game is the equivalent of a slot machine with low payouts.  I believe RNG gameplay is just not for me, it's just too random and frustrating for me on determing my fun factor.  I am not recommendng this game for people who hate RNG for it drives me crazy, but if you're a gambler who doesn't care about odds, you will have a blast."
,Recommended,311690,22413651,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Ants in my eyes Johnson,Holy this game is addicting
76561198100339527,Recommended,311690,22650584,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,smh tbh fam,40 hours and I've not even seen the final boss
,Recommended,311690,22640657,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,panman92,"Like a slower paced than Nuclear Throne that is heavily influenced by The Binding of Isaac. The randomization of pickups, weapons and bosses encountered each run makes it infinitely more replayable than Nuclear Throne, without sacrificing difficulty."
76561198067505128,Recommended,311690,22650855,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,itsmes3,A accurate recreation of the Jonestown Massacre.
76561198185133653,Recommended,311690,25918622,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,LordFullStop^ 'Man lures girl',"Hi all, Shabby here.Just bought this game as a recomendation from my freind Kamiro.To all deciding wheter to but this game just letting you know it is very versitile and a overall great game. Not ever a dull moment.Defenit good buy. XD"
,Recommended,311690,22381893,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,SuperSweetSucc,The only game where I can kill bullets
,Recommended,311690,22463361,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Bertt,7.8/10 Too much gun variety
,Recommended,311690,22327948,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Cj2k,dodge dive dip duck and dodge through bullets to victory
,Recommended,311690,22315954,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Yun Greazy,"A fantastic game, I've no idea why people are complaining about the difficulty, it's the kind of game you don't want to rush through and finish."
76561198106898876,Recommended,311690,28549419,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Psycho Scott,:csgoanarchist:
76561198294269118,Recommended,311690,23242248,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Duke,"is there anyway to lock the camera so the camera doesnt follow the mouse,also some youtubers and streamers are zoomed out so much that they can see the whole room, how do you do that"
,Recommended,311690,22345897,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Yoshiz8,"Addicting, with a Zelda-ish feel. Really interesting game and mechanics! Rolling is really hard to master in my opinion, and I still cant beat level four!!! >:(        Over-all still a terrific game!"
,Recommended,311690,22262335,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Alanis Tharon,"If only I could stop being such a gods-damned klutz in this game, I'd have more energy to praise this game. I love it so much though, Devolver did it again ♥"
76561198112318245,Recommended,311690,29572069,Posted: 29 January,all,ephemeral_leader,veri noice
,Recommended,311690,26584251,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Yellowtapir,"Enter the Gungeon is a fun but very hard game. If you are thinking about buying this game, you should keep in your head that you need to practice a lot to complete this game."
,Recommended,311690,29195777,Posted: 11 January,all,NovaDerp,"It's like Binding of Isaac, but with guns and a lot harder. Great game overall and great replayability."
,Recommended,311690,22389285,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Crazy Frog,when you sale a 250 dollar unusual on TF2 just so you have the money to buy this game
,Recommended,311690,22442518,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,mech,this is a good game and I like it buy it if you loved binding of isaac or nuclear throne or are you finding a good bullet hell to play
76561198116821644,Recommended,311690,23908890,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,JJ8383,1.this game is amazing2.a lot like binding of isacc3. at the start you die a TON4. you get no unlocks till you get good or look it up5. save 15$6. hit the green add to cart7. play your head off8. THANK YOU DEVS FOR NERFING GATTILING GARBAGE9. i was talking about  gattiling gull10 this game is amazingalso i would like the game to have a pause button from the mouse like middle click or something
,Recommended,311690,23866847,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,AlakaFAMMMM,hi
,Recommended,311690,29586350,Posted: 30 January,all,76561198170979361,Just git gud.
,Recommended,311690,22280845,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SaltTM,"Do you like Isaac? Do you like Nuclear Throne?  Well this is almost best of both worlds that scratches both itches :), check it out, probably some of the most fun I've had this year"
76561198097483464,Recommended,311690,22280923,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Merp,"Okay so im gonna be honest here, i love the type of game and the theme of it... and i know its supposed to be a hard game but i have already done 3 hours of this god damn game struggling to get to the 2nd floor and when i get to the second floor i die within a matter of seconds...this game as beautiful as it looks it is not balanced... you rarely get weapons out of chests and when you do its a F****** t-shirt launcher which does no damage what so ever... this game need a major boost in item pool drops and money drops, the items on the first floor are 21 coins for a half of a heart... cut us some slack guys its the first floor...and might i also mention that it is not fun when you go up against the lead king (or whatever his name is) with the starting pistol cause you got absolutely no damage......but i give it a solid 7/10 only because i needs alot more balancing."
,Recommended,311690,22277712,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,DickyManSlice,It is very fun!!!!
,Recommended,311690,22332232,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Vinrafel,"First Impressions Gameplay:https://youtu.be/AjRJ0GfK9vsEnter the Gungeon is a bullet hell, rouge like game that is similar to the Binding of Issac. It is a really fun game, but it is also rather difficult. This being said, it's definitely worth checking out.You play as a person who is searching for a gun that can destroy the past. To find this gun, you have to explore randomly generated dungeon's filled with mostly gun themed enemies. To proceed, you have to fight a boss and descend to the next level. Simple, easy rouge like mechanics. The best.Now, how can you survive these treacherous floors? You can roll your way through enemy bullets and, of course, shoot your enemies to death. The controls are precise, so you won't have any issues with unresponsive controls. The guns have reliable spread of their bullets. Some guns have no spread, others will have bullets that go all over the place (I'm looking at you Tommy Gun). In other words, there's some pretty solid mechanics here.All of these things are super fun. You have to work between dodging enemy bolts and killing them yourself. This might sound easy, but you would be dead (wrong... dead wrong). The game is highly skill based, and you will have to spend a bit of time to hone your skills.On the plus side, you can get express trips to lower floors if you manage to deliver an absolutely ridiculous amount of resources to some chump in an elevator shaft.Overall, the game is awesome. I've already been stuck into the game (it dragged me away from Total War Y.Y) and I will definitely be playing much more in the future. Speaking of playing Enter the Gungeon.<.<>.>I'll be going now....."
,Recommended,311690,30212563,Posted: 26 February,all,「SuicidalTendency」,"Enter the Gungeon is a challenging completionest kind of game. The game is fun, challenging without being overwhelming, and completionists will play this game for a while if they want everything, as there is a lot to do. If you are browsing through the steam store with the intent of finding a good timesink, this may very well suit your fancy. And on a side note ♥♥♥♥ the Mine Flayer. That and some kind of Internet co-op would be nice, rather than just LAN."
76561198291163600,Recommended,311690,22319308,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Xxsn0per_scopzz349694xX,Needs trading cards :)
,Recommended,311690,22320257,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Crownless,"This game is a drug of a game cause you cant possibly stop playing once you're hooked i swear *until you finish*. its like you're a man being strangled by the testicles due to the lack of skill you have for the game but you try and try to increase your skill and eventually you will get used to the pain rofl. the graphics and details put into the game is god damn amazing and dont forget that dying to the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ enemies you kill at the first room of the first floor does happen if you are blur.,,"
76561198049638242,Recommended,311690,24554310,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Proxidist,"This game is great, but why is there no online multiplayer!?"
,Recommended,311690,24212862,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,LifeLessonsWithAJ,"I like this game. It's pretty ficking hard, but it's a good challenge. Especially the guns. The guns are love. The guns are life. Life Lessons With AJ. Subscribe to me on YouTube. DO IT NOW."
76561198121334929,Recommended,311690,23531700,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,TxSRT,1st attempt: Died in the fourth or so room before I even got to the boss...2nd attempt: Got to the boss... Still dead...3rd attempt: Died again to the first boss...4th attempt: Killed the first boss! Walked into the second floor... Died in the first room...11/10 would get ♥♥♥♥ed again!
,Recommended,311690,24920666,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,UltraPower,Enter The Gungeon? more like...Enter The PUNgeon! PARA PA PARA10/10
76561198249328136,Recommended,311690,34839011,Posted: 9 September,all,Hollows1644,i wish this game saved after boss fights because its too hard to continue after the boss fight and you literally make no progress past the second level.
,Recommended,311690,31086169,Posted: 11 April,all,ConfusingDalek,"Definitely gotten my fair share of enjoyment out of it, even if I haven't beaten the damn thing yet."
76561198333437925,Recommended,311690,29522100,Posted: 27 January,all,TriGGO,"Игра сложна по началу,но когда наиграешь часов 20становится легко,10 колбков из 10!"
,Recommended,311690,22279751,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,wew,good
,Recommended,311690,28699781,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WangChoBo,"I reccomend this game to all gamers out there because this game challenges you and pushes your limits to defeat all the bosses and find the ultimate gun that can kill the past. I've spent countless hours on this game due to its extraordinary gameplay. This game sue relies on luck some times but that is what makes this game so interesting. Every floor you encounter at least one gun, and the more crappier the gun is, the more the game pushes you and challenges you and increases your skill to become the ultimate player to Enter the Gungeon..."
,Recommended,311690,23427337,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,spoopy waldoo,GET READYTO RUMBLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDUN DUN DUN DUNNNNNNNN
,Recommended,311690,22415830,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,NoMuffTooTuff,Good game fun i just wish i could save and play co-op (i heard its comming soon)
,Recommended,311690,22417562,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Steelthief LFT,The best game
,Recommended,311690,22407021,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,jerkin with other dudes,"It's pretty fun, only Rogue-like that has captured my attention this well is Spelunky."
,Recommended,311690,22272353,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,JTC,Gun
76561198042590261,Recommended,311690,29108620,Posted: 7 January,all,Toxic Larva,I recommend this game
,Recommended,311690,22562427,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Jack Potato The MLG Sex Whale,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.I love the art style of this game.I love the soundtrack of this game.I love the loading screen (when bullet jumps into gun slot-reminds me of russian roulette)I love the characters.I love everything about this game.*sings game intro* Enter the guungeeon10/10
,Recommended,311690,23771202,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kezariys,"Игра очень хорошая мне нравиться, обычно я не играю в игры подобного жанра но вот эта игра меня зацепила. она очень сложна и этим самым дает игроку челендж!"
76561198005020740,Not Recommended,311690,22982336,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,VIPEN,"Great game, but the camera destroys the enjoyment of it for me. look it up and judge for yourself but constantley getting hit from offscreen just hinders me from giving it a thumbs up, everything else is fastpaced enought but the camera is a drunk that can't keep up and might even cause you to get motion sickness.( Wo/W controller)"
,Recommended,311690,23409289,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,the sorry guy man,One of the wierdest and most fun fps games ever! Some people call it hat simulator and I can see why there are tons of hats from strange hats to unusual hats this game is all about hats!
,Recommended,311690,23930778,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,WishingPole [FMC],10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥♥guns
,Recommended,311690,25561365,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,DogLoaf,"Honestly if this is you're first rougue like game then you will have a blast. But after playing so many types of these games, this one just got boring after a few hours in it. It's not a bad game but if you want a rogue like game that I personally think you should get instead of this, get binding of isaac and it's expansions, you will probably get more hours and have more fun in that game."
76561198069050351,Recommended,311690,22347752,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,lil piss the whoop,Thumbs Up.
76561198197778981,Recommended,311690,29540377,Posted: 28 January,all,sushicat47,"ok first off, salt warningsecondly hella yes id reconmend this stupid game even if you rage a♥♥♥♥♥♥toncoz the bullet hel is TRUE HELL i havent ven gotten pass the 3rd damn room!!10/10 would die so ♥♥♥♥ing many times again~"
76561198298618022,Recommended,311690,29897478,Posted: 13 February,all,Mad_dog,addictive
,Recommended,311690,22351119,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Commie,Y.V'S wet dream10/10
76561198073672164,Recommended,311690,22350144,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Floopy Noopers,Its hard
76561198069447901,Recommended,311690,22350609,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,bRICK sKWAD #47 bRRRR Brrrr,"very diverse, challenging and mostly fun gameplay."
,Recommended,311690,22349254,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Cadis Etrama di Raizel,Needs more gunblades.
76561198077914046,Recommended,311690,31356683,Posted: 25 April,all,Walter,10/10
,Recommended,311690,22274243,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Pope Percent,I bought this game for the gun puns. The quality of mechanics and the variety of weapons is an added bonus. Definitely worth picking up.
76561198012490159,Recommended,311690,22370879,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Ritsu梁,Paid $13 for 13 minutes of motion sickness.Not a bad game though.
,Recommended,311690,22811188,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Horny Thot,"if first you dont win, try try again."
,Recommended,311690,22889335,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Xynon,Do you like wanting to cry every ten minutes from pure copious amounts of stress due to the amount of F***ING SH*T FLYING AROUND ON YOUR SCREEN? no? okay this game is still fun and a real blast to play with your friends (if you have any) when they're down I give it a solid 8.5/10 and really enjoy the fact I spent my money on it :D
76561198134438336,Recommended,311690,22433338,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Kblakeley95,:)
,Recommended,311690,22418067,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,∆aron,"Since there's a shrine to me, 11/5..This game is about shooting, rolling, shooting some more, running out of ammo, getting a mail box as a gun, shooting without aiming, aiming without shooting, rolling more than the rolling stones, and dying. If you like the Binding of Isacc and/or Nuclear Throne, this is a must have in your library.Gameplay: 5/5Graphics: 5/5Audio: 3/5 Gets blandOverall: 4/5Extra: Devs love thier game which is great. There was some bugs released on a patch which was fixed in three hours.Yung Venuz Approved!"
,Recommended,311690,22433220,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Orangutango,"Very lovely game that makes me wan't to continue playing unlike the binding of isaac, the unlocks and new things to discover every game makes it very interesting. I'd give the game a 8/10 possibly a 10/10 if it had some more rebalancing and online multiplayer."
76561198196314990,Recommended,311690,22434292,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Rad,"After i saw the trailer: ''SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!''Music= AWESOMEGraphics=Pretty GoodGameplay=Easy to learn,Hard to masterTotally worth buying if you like Rogue-Lite's and Bullet Hell games(but be prepared to die A LOT)"
76561198160608974,Recommended,311690,22434406,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Bloody Scumbag,Git gud simulator
,Recommended,311690,22420675,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Spooky Hands Jim,"The strange child of nuclear throne, binding of isaac, and gun puns i never asked for!"
,Recommended,311690,22421679,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Hayrow,fix your ♥♥♥♥ing controls mate
,Recommended,311690,34328188,Posted: 18 August,all,REVtrapin,haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaard gamevery ♥♥♥♥ing hard....isaac is easier xd
76561198347644796,Not Recommended,311690,28383737,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,victor.vic90,"It might just be me, but for some reason the right mouse button did not like to work well with atleast two of the guns. I'm looking if anyone has had the same problems."
76561198138744131,Recommended,311690,28612611,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kaptain Klutch,Fantastic game! The colors are so vibrant and the enemies are funny and challenging. The only thing is this game would be incredible with the addition of multiplayer.
76561197994018516,Recommended,311690,28604169,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MonkeyMonkey12,"Great, arcadey fun!"
76561198062885832,Recommended,311690,29654652,Posted: 2 February,all,Orangepudding,is a good 1
76561198145146697,Recommended,311690,22559588,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,ADcrafter,"A great game, worth every penny."
,Recommended,311690,33824221,Posted: 26 July,all,Dave,"good isaac-like, lots of replayability."
,Recommended,311690,31629969,Posted: 8 May,all,sadsadsadsa,11/10
76561198044342635,Recommended,311690,29559419,Posted: 29 January,all,SnazzyBiscuits,This game really is fantastic
,Recommended,311690,29559512,Posted: 29 January,all,deathkiller3123,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,311690,22345980,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Satori,"It's like Isaac & Crypt of the Necrodancer sort of stuff.But at the same time it's really really hard. Like, Dark Souls level♥♥♥♥♥♥Great game though."
76561198136996530,Recommended,311690,22794060,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,DoomGuy49,love the game but i dont know how to save my game  so i have to start from scratch anyone tell me how to save pls
,Recommended,311690,22279531,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Leet_KFC,If Binding of Isaac had a butt-baby with Nuclear Throne.
,Recommended,311690,22279720,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Are you memein' me?,*Gets 56 death streak**Cries**Gets flare gun**Cries a lot**Drowns in tears**57 death streak*
76561198065204860,Recommended,311690,22297441,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,etricity,"Buying this game i thought it would repetitive and boring but OMG this GAME IS AMAZING!! Every time i died (which is a lot, this game is hard at first) I found myself in an infinate loop of playing round after round.The artwork and sounds in this game are just beautiful and discovering new guns and items is so fun. I definately recommand this to anyone who wants a challenge!!!"
,Recommended,311690,22279667,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Geno9999 [GitP],"Everybody's saying that everything is a gun and/or bullets. This is a lie. For example, the Magic Book Enemy is neither a gun, nor a bullet.0/10, not actually bullets."
,Recommended,311690,22280200,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Farstic,good gaem instant buy
76561198138963454,Recommended,311690,22280258,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SquiddyMoose,I saw a drunk blue lizard thing?  Hits close to home... 10/10
,Recommended,311690,22280374,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,𝖔𝖑𝖉 𝖌𝖗𝔢𝔤,Flipped tables/10
,Recommended,311690,22297949,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Very Drity Boi,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻Best Table Flipping Simulator ever
,Recommended,311690,31886449,Posted: 21 May,all,mintskii,b  e  a  u  t  i  f  u  l
,Recommended,311690,35169292,Posted: 23 September,all,boog,"it's fun and nice, but it's very slow and you don't get many items in a run."
76561198073456606,Recommended,311690,29543605,Posted: 28 January,all,SuddenDe4th,"The Bullet Gun; a gun shaped like a bullet that shoots guns and those guns shoot bullets.If that is not convincing I don't know what is!If the Binding of Isaac is the king of roguelikes than Enter the Gungeon would be its brother, born five minutes later. Like Isaac you’re going to need skill to get through the levels, whereas powerful drops may sometimes greatly aid you in that endeavour, they are not there to replace said needed skill.For the sake of obvious: Enter the Gungeon is quite hard, even for an Isaac/roguelike veteran. So to all the whiners and negative reviewers: Read the description and don’t buy a game if you don’t have the cajones or skills to tackle it."
76561198071608497,Recommended,311690,29542486,Posted: 28 January,all,Perubick,GIT GUD! Stop crying!
,Recommended,311690,22260132,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ADDcoolio,"I pre-ordered this game about 3 weeks prior to the release, obviously eagerly awaiting for the game to come out, I stayed up for the release in my time zone which turned out to be around 2 in the morning, I'm glad I did, this game didn't disappoint and hasn't yet, I highly reccomend it to all fans of roguelites.P.S It's like The binding of isaac and Nuclear throne had a baby"
,Recommended,311690,22262231,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Taco,"So far so good, the levels are fast paced and challenging. The character design is awesome.My only complaint is the lack of online co-op. this game feels like it should have it."
,Recommended,311690,22260800,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Fat Penor,first day having it 10/10 7.4 hours into game :D
,Recommended,311690,22260838,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,tanukihat,Enter the Gungeon is the best Nuclear Throne hack on the CItadel.
,Recommended,311690,22262097,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,JeXy,Got the 1001% acheivement in isaac and was looking for a game to replace my isaac fix. This one will definately keep me going
76561198042566842,Recommended,311690,22254031,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ItsDatBoyd,I get angry when i filp tables10/10 Would flip tables again
,Recommended,311690,22254052,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Icky,"It's Scrumdiddlyumptious!Haven't had a chance to go through much so it may change but even through the tutorial on starting the story, it's everything I had hoped it would be from watching this game for sooo long..The Gungeon is upon us and it's glorious!"
76561198067250847,Recommended,311690,22255095,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,BouncyCastle,"Great art, music, level design, and enough weapons and items to give you that true rogue-like experience. This game was released in a great state. It's actually a full game and not a half finished game dependent on DLC. That being said, the developers do have more content in their plans. The only negative about this game is the lack of online co-op. But it's a small price to pay for this game' there's plenty of fun to be had solo."
,Recommended,311690,22259429,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,PapaBear,amazing but needs online co-op
,Recommended,311690,22261785,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ao'tom,Nuclear throne meets Binding of isaac. Can it be better? NO!
,Recommended,311690,22261918,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,⋘smorebrother⋙,And you thought Nuclear Throne was hard...
76561197961245251,Recommended,311690,22254085,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,StiffeBiffe,Nice rogue-like bullet hell game with a lot of gun variety.
,Recommended,311690,22254294,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,NavehSlor65,"well...i recommend this game cus first and foremost it has a good animation style, graphics, co-op system, viraity of weapons, upgrades, enemies and more...one thing an update or DLC can fix are more characters, other than that gungeon is a legit and good game so farenjoy it (;"
,Recommended,311690,22254333,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Pay Day,Its like Touhou lost a few bits.10/10.
76561198026757635,Recommended,311690,22254997,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Dustwake,"Mixing up two critically acclaimed and hugely populair roguelikes known as The Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne without feeling recycled thanks to its own outstanding visual style, soundtrack and ofcourse blindingly fast bullet-hell gameplay. Has yielded what is arguably not only a succesor to both. But the new golden standard for roguelikes"
,Recommended,311690,22255036,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Tobimobi,Flipped my table more often than in the actual game.Full 10/10
76561198127132743,Recommended,311690,22259101,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Rich Chigga,this game is pretty good
76561198039939102,Recommended,311690,22259159,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,gav THE killa,Too hard
76561198094729842,Recommended,311690,22261667,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,cuber1717,"Amazing game, highly recomend. Similar to Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne. Lots of variety, encourages replaying to see new things and have new experiences. IT'S SOOOOO GOOOOOD!"
,Recommended,311690,22261686,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Watt's up?,"Great Game, Fun mechanics"
76561198193532915,Recommended,311690,32637774,Posted: 22 June,all,thelegendaryslime,Much bullet
76561197965478715,Recommended,311690,29859162,Posted: 11 February,all,-[CST]- Meticulous7,"Great bullet hell shooter for a single player experience but demands a true multiplayer mode. Even the coop that is offered limits one player to using a character that is generally inaccessible and thus leaves that player at a serious disadvantage if they are already used to another character. Overall I was disappointed to find out there was zero true multiplayer but that mistake is my own for not looking closer.I just hope the devs consider adding a multiplayer game mode down the road. I know it's indie, and the budget is tight, but, even if it was LAN only and not limited to two players (4 players would be amazing, with an increased number of baddies and a higher level of zoom out) using a random, unchangable character, it would be a vast improvement over the current implementation.As far as single player, my only complaint is either the sheer randomness of the guns and not being able to really plot your way towards higher levels due to it, or the insane drop rate of guns that aren't worth using in the first place. Sometimes you'll player games in a row of getting the same, low quality guns in a game where guns should be all over the place in their variety.Overall though, if you're looking for a fantastically well done, single player, rip-your-hair-out-style challenging bullet hell experience, Enter the Gungeon certainly delivers. It has certainly earned enough hours from me to warrant the asking price, and tends to go on sale from time to time. Any continued development to this game is worth the price of entry."
,Recommended,311690,22254129,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Who_Ate_Mah_Cake,Alot better than Nuclear Throne and thats saying alot.  Has the replayibility and item synergy of Binding of Isaac and the gun variety and bullet hell goodness of throne. Really good.
76561198102204789,Recommended,311690,22254172,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Eiousx,"Like rogue-likes? Enjoyed Binding of Isaac? Then this game is what you're looking for. Enter the Gungeon will impress you with all its wacky humor and fun, fast paced combat. This game has a charming character that I personally appreciate and I can't wait to delve deep into the greatest of Gungeons!Join me (or not) it has coop yet doesn't leave solo play feeling weakened!"
76561198059763569,Recommended,311690,22258219,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Shuaineart,the 1st floor is nice
76561198037920376,Recommended,311690,22254253,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Blazing_Zaggy,Binding of Isaac + Nuclear throne = Enter The Gungeon
,Recommended,311690,22262404,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Zersky,Nice game!
76561198037253208,Recommended,311690,22254070,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,[drgn]weggman~,YOU IDIOT WHY ARE YOU READING THIS YOU COULD BE SHOOTING BULLETS AT BULLETS RIGHT NOW
76561197996573783,Recommended,311690,22255759,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Pieminator,"ETG is a living proof of where the Triple A industry fails and the Indie succeeds.If you're looking for a CREATIVE, ADDICTING and PURE FUN game that will keep suprising you over and over again, Buy ETG.If you like Binding of Issac / Nuclear Throne / Rouge Like games? buy ETG.Hell, if you like just shooting stuff with ridicilous guns for no reasson at all? BUY ETG.This game is worth your money."
76561197971877162,Recommended,311690,22257572,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Asses of Fire,"A fantastic action shooter roguelite.  Better played with a keyboard n' Mouse versus a controller.  What more can be said about this? It is exactly like Nuclear Throne.  Same tight control's with regards to shooting.  Many of the guns are very similiar to Nuke Throne as well.  The bosses aren't too terribly difficult.  If you have ever played a bullet hell game then you know what to expect with the bosses....lot's of bullets flying all over the place.I feel like the classes are a bit weak.  Marine seems to be the best one if you're a lazy player as he auto targets the closes thing and will stay locked on without any input from you.  The other classes require alot more input but have specialties that set them apart, such as lockpicking and pets that find items for you.Each board is quick to clear and fun.  The hit detection is spot on.  You can knock down tables to use as cover and all of the animations are good quality.  Simply put, another great action shooter roguelite from this developer."
,Recommended,311690,22257648,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,HiTrent,I KILLED THE BULLET KING! TAKE THAT UBISOFT!
,Recommended,311690,22258283,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Duen,Enter the pit.
,Recommended,311690,22261651,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,PugChampion☠,Fantastic Just what i was craveing some beastly and hetic fun.
76561198023252026,Recommended,311690,22261789,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TheRagingTofu,"I have only played for a short while, and in that time have died over a dozen times. This game is unforgiving and difficult, but don't let that turn you away from it. Enter the Gungeon is extremely fun, and an exciting challenge."
,Recommended,311690,22262235,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,juncomiguel,"Solid bullet hell, rogue-like with a unique art style that fits the brutally cheery atmosphere of the game well.I give it a 7.62x39/10 stars."
76561198047940041,Recommended,311690,22363082,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Broom,Pew Pew Pew
,Recommended,311690,29748518,Posted: 6 February,all,Cray,"Cuteness to die forHeh, get it?Don't be fooled by the silly faces and funnyfuns, the hearts of the Gundead are filled with pure evil! Don't think that will let you toTHE GUNthat easily!Prepare to fight hundreds and hundreds of derpy yet deadly enemies, with the most unthinkable weapons!Really,anythingcan be a gun in the Gungeon, from bananas, to cacti, to a sweaty T-Shirt launcher!Mashine gun wash only.Be ready to die countless ti- actually, scrap that, the game counts the deaths for you, making you feel bitter regret every time as you look at that always-growing number of attempts.But don't loose hope! Youcandodge their bullets! Youcankill the past!""And if you don't, you can always... try again... heh heh..."" ~Generic drunk Gungeon manAnyway, on a more serious note, this game is fun, a great Rougelike Bullet Hell with much variety, pixel perfect graphics, and most imporantlya LOT of heart.Kind of, as if Isaac and Nuclear Throne had a baby. So if you are a fan of these games, or of the ganre, or just like silly and challenging stuff in general,GET THIS GAME!It's long, hard, and good.I'm so sorry"
,Recommended,311690,22486761,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,The Frying Dutch Pan,I love it.
76561198138652033,Recommended,311690,29555722,Posted: 28 January,all,XD,Good game the trailers make it looks insane.
,Recommended,311690,32211520,Posted: 5 June,all,Jojoke,"This game has a boss called the Gorgun, 10/10 IGN(Just enough water), best game, Citizen Kane of Roguelikes, sacrafice baby goats to appease it, hail it's greatness, the DARK LORD DEMANDS BLOOD, WORSHIP THE UNHOLY BEING YOU ARE WITNESSING!!!!!!!!"
76561197966545741,Not Recommended,311690,22312511,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,twelwe,"I absolutely do not get the Nuclear Throne and Binding of Isaac comparisons. The player is always becoming more powerful in meaningful ways in those two games. Neither games feel like scarcity simulators when it comes to ammunition or enjoyment in the way Enter the Gungeon feels like. At some point, or perhaps as an intentional development decision, the game turned into what should be something fun into a pure challenge designed to be overcome. Should this sort of experience be up your alley, by all means buy and play this game. Otherwise, play the games that, to me, confusingly draw comparisons to this one: Nuclear Throne / Binding of Isaac.Balance issues stop this from being a fun game and I think I`m waiting for a 100% save file before playing this again. I can only hope that complete item unlocks uncover the game meant to be. There are so many examples of the game presenting itself as a chore compared to an enjoyable experience. Unlocking the fireplace is a great example: without a water weapon you can count on a full minute or more of orienting and rolling a water barrel across the map, hopefully after the player already found the two keys that aren`t guaranteed by any means. In no way can anyone convince me this is nothing but a chore. Compare this to Nuclear Throne: you need an explosive weapon to unlock the sewers. That is it. Instead of giving the player the ability to pick up and move a rare, fragile item, the player is required to position and slowly roll it across the terrain when they could otherwise be shooting their default weapon another thousand times.The artistic efforts put into this game are absolutely astonishing. It is about the only quality to be praised. Death animations for many enemies are direction dependant and unique. A lot of love went into this aspect of the game. I only wish the same could be said about the balance."
,Not Recommended,311690,25816269,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Bleepmap,"Overall very promising game, but way too unforgiving. There really isn't any feeling of progressing in it, and your hour long runs are usually screwed early by not acing the boss fights 100%.When you start a run, the rooms in the first couple of stages are not much of a deal at all. It's just something, the player is forced to get through. Naturally it gets tougher later on, but before it feels like a challenge or a game, you're already 30 or so minutes into the run. It feels really sluggish, when the only critiria for a succesful run in the end is about beating all the bosses as flawlessly as possible. There should probably be a lot more difficulty balance. It feels like playing Super Meat Boy, but if you had to wait infront of your computer for 10 minutes, each time you made a mistake.There's the element of luck as well. Even with the best possible gun, all of the above still counts. With the worst possible gun, you're just back to start again sooner. Even if you somehow manages to commit and get skilled enough to get through the gungeon, the run depends much on the seed anyways. ""Despite"" being a procedure generation game, there are surprisingly few ways to play it. You have little control at all of the weapons or items given to you, and you will rarely be able to change the gameplay with what you get. I can't deny the crazy number of different guns, or how few of them you get your fingers on each run. It falls short on other content such as enemies, bosses or rooms. On the bright side, the player gets to practice against the same combination over and over. But does make all the runs seem more and more alike.I'm 70 or so hours in, have actually won a few times (good seeds only), but it has overall been much more frustrating than fun, and I don't feel like I've learned anything or become noticably better at it.It is as mentioned a very promising game, and there shouldn't be changed much, before I would have found it much more enjoyable. As it is right now, I can't really recommend it to anyone but the embodyment of commitment.tl;dr sluggish and way too hard"
76561198074023465,Not Recommended,311690,22305093,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Surkie,"I just... Can't enjoy it.I played the ever-loving ♥♥♥♥ outta Binding of isaac, both the original and remake. I loved that so I assumed after seeing Northernlions playthrough of this I would love this too.I was mistaken.Pros:Cute Artstyle: This game is definitley well-made in terms of look. the art is cute and pops nicely with the enviroments. No problems thereTweaked format to BoI: this game is quite similar to BoI but tweaks a lot of things that make the process more enjoyable. Such as most rooms having a teleporter to get to and from, saving run time. Also things like a hub where you can see all your upgrades and progression as well as more well-developed characters.Difficulty: I love difficulty but difficulty hates me. I love hard games like isaac and Dark Souls and this is no exception. Sure I can't beat the 2nd Boss of Both Dark Souls 1 + 2 but I still love a challenge and this game really is that. I can't get passed the 3rd floor, not the game's fault. just my fault.But now let's get into why I can't enjoy this experiance:Cons:Bullet Spongey and Boring enemies: Every enemy feels tedious to kill, I think in Isaac enemies feel fun because of there signature moves. certain flies move in certain ways and as you practice you are ready for these patterns. The enemies in this however, while attacking in signature ways, just kinds stumble at you erratically. just kinda like a blob with a shooty part. they also have high healthwhich erks me. I don't feel ""ooh pow pow pow, haha got em!"" i just think ""euugh, yellow-bullet enemy, thats 3 shots..."" Now this could be ofcourse improved with getting a higher damage item but most of the guns do very similar damage and this dosen't change much. Maybe if the enemies attacked faster but had less health it would help.Blanks: Blanks are an item that allow you to remove all projectiles currently on screen as well as pushing all enemies away from you. however you only carry a certain amount and have to buy or find more. i hate these things. the game has an interesting roll-mechanic where when you roll you dodge bullets for a second but are slowed for a second too. Blanks erk me because In other dungeon crawlers and bullet-hellers it's down to my skill alone if i will beat a boss and whislt that is mostly true for the game sometimes it seems ""Do you have 1+ blank? Congratz you will most likely beat this one, wait you don't? tough♥♥♥♥♥♥fam"" it's not fun.Items: Items are probably the worst part of the game for me, binding of Isaac promotes a huge focus on items. they add to your skill and your playstyle must adapt to your item pool as the run continues. here items seem few and far between. They also feel REALLY underwhelming. Passives in Isaac add Damage / range / effects and all kinds of fun♥♥♥♥♥♥ here they seem quite situational and boring. I got one that makes me do a bit more damage if I flip over a table but tables are only in certain rooms and (to my knowledge) not in boss rooms. This is silly to be honest. Wow, I can take out enemies in 1 less hit thanks to this but only maybe twice per floor, gee thanks RNG. In Isaac an item would perhaps add bouncing projectiles, which are helpful and whilst adaptable, impact any fight. Basically, I want items to have a greater impact and not be so situational and gimmicky.Guns: This would seem a pro right? the game is called ""Gungeon""??? Well no, as I said before, items are few and far-between and most item drops if any are guns. These guns are differant but all sadly similar. ofcourse they are all weapons that shoot stuff but Say you take a crossbow and a rifle. they are the same except for the skin. they both fire slow shots and somewhat good damage. There are some powerful guns but ammo runs out quickly and I feel like I should only use my guns on Boss fights because of this. I don't like being limited with weapons. Some may say to just conserve ammo or buy more but I just can't enjoy that. imagine if you owned a rollarcoaster but you could only ride it once a week or it would go 20% slower if you rode it more. not fun right?Accuracy and Spamming: Now I know I keep comparing this alot to isaac which is a little rude as these are technically differant games. But they are the same genre if you will. In Isaac you are constantly looking for oppourtunity to get damage in on bosses. Waiting for a break in the fire to use your tears and spam the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the enemy. Here you feel like your constantly having to go into the ""danger zone"" so to say. Weapons have spread which sounds good for things like shotguns and it is but when things like pistols are breaking of at 20 - 30 - even 40 degree angles from your shot it's annoying. you get the thought of ""1...2...3 Okay enemy is down oh wait 2 missed...""Reload: Finally this seems very insignificent but it is very grating. Weapons reload with the ""R"" key. Which is a pretty good staple of shooters. however in the midst of a bullet hell like this where your concentration is on EVERYTHING. Health, Bullets, positioning and such. Reloading is a pain unless your using a single fire weapon like a shotgun or a crossbow. you see if you keep clicking you fire and once you run out you auto-reload, However on auto weapons like machine guns and miniguns you just hold down the mouse but you don't reload. Just watch Northernlion play and hear when he says ""wait why isn't my gun shooting?!"" It's small but annoying.Well that's it... Keep in mind this is just my opinion and I did actually have a lot of fun with this game but it's small faults let it down. If you like BoI there is a 90% chance you'll love this. Any critiscm is welcomed so long as it's constructive. Thanks :)"
,Not Recommended,311690,34154375,Posted: 10 August,all,FuseSparking,"This game is... alright. It's certainly on the harder end of Rougelite Dungeon Crawlers, such as Binding of Issac. If you liked that game, you'll probably enjoy this one. In spite of the tags, this is NOT a bullet hell game, its a Crawler, through and through. If this game is Bullet Hell then ANY top-down shooter is a bullet hell.I think the reason I CAN'T recommend EtG, is the lopsided difficulty, and the slowness of the game. Sure, the firefights are fun enough, and the mechanics are solid, but you're more often than not behind the difficulty curve at every turn. In Binding of Issac, it feels like you're always just one pickup away from being able to take on the next boss. In EtG, you're always just SEVERAL pickups away from being able to take on the next boss. And since its a slower game than Issac, the defeats are more bitter and more time is lost.Not to mention your only guaranteed extra Health Containers from doing a scratch-free boss fight, so unless you ace the first 2 boss fights in a run, you're probably not going to have enough health for the endgame.Weapon chests are 1: randomly selected, some having MUCH better weapons than others 2: high-level drops are NEVER guaranteed, 3: locked, so if the level doesn't drop any keys, and you spent your money on that extra health you need to survive, TOO BAD.In spite of having a in-game encyclopedia, any useful knowledge about a gun, like damage, rate of fire, clip size, ect is just left out, and you have to go to the wiki if you want to know EXACTLY what an item does. Unforgivable in this day and age.Speaking of wikis, there are ""secret levels"" you can find in this game, but i'll be damned if you can find them without the wiki's help.To some people, this difficulty level is okay, but i like my Rougelite games giving me a fighting chance, rather than stacking ALL the odds against me.Also, the meta-progression is slow and  terrible: you never unlock new characters, only more items, which means any guns you DO like just get harder to find.Enter the Gungeon is ALRIGHT but you'd have to be a true fan of nintendo-hard gameplay in order to enjoy it. I bought this game on sale for about  $5 USD, and I'd say i've got my money's worth."
,Not Recommended,311690,22347318,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,FeniEnt,"I don't know how to feel about this game. It seems good, the idea is nice, it looks great (shell hearts as hp looks awesome), but it lacks certain something that would keep me playing for longer periods of time.Sure, the game has A LOT of guns, but most of them feel mostly the same. There are few exceptions of course, but most of the time when you pick up a new gun it will be either higher magazine, higher damage or higher fire rate when compared to your starting weapon.You also can pick up items, but they seem 1 dimensional, if that makes sense. They don't change the way you play, they just offer you a little bit of a boost. I got spoiled by The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth I guess and I was expecting some crazy syngergies, but all I got was a duct tape that I can use to tape two weapons together.Overall it's not a bad game, but it lacks polish. The balance is bad, bosses seem unfair at times and it lacks interesting synergies to keep you playing, so you can discover more of those. I hope it will get updated, because it could be a really, REALLY good game. A game that you will play for hundreds of hours. But right now I cannot recommend it as it lacks that ""something"" that would make me want to play more of it."
76561198014917105,Not Recommended,311690,30148327,Posted: 24 February,all,baukereg,"Enter The Gungeon is mediocre at its best. The dungeon are boring. Too much reloading. Too few awesome weapons. The pace is too slow. The characters are generic. The pixelart is a mixed bag. The animations never stand out. The introduction of bosses takes ages. I tried to like it but the overal quality is just too low. If you're looking for a fast-paced roguelike actionshooter, go for Nuclear Throne."
76561198012584058,Not Recommended,311690,29577283,Posted: 29 January,all,do,"despite all of what Enter the Gungeon has to offer (including a vast amount of content and beautiful artwork), a myriad of problems ranging from minor to significant prevent this game from achieving its full potential. including (roughly in order of how bad they are):• difficulty varies wildly depending on RNG, usually on the unluckier side. (item drops, boss types)• the items are not well-thought-out of. thus many of them many guns/abilities feel pointless/stupid, and these guns are the ones you will most often see. there is no point in having a boatload of guns if every other gun you pick up is one you don't like.• by the very nature of the game (because you need to save your best guns for the bosses, and because most guns in the game are quite bad), oftentimes you are forced to use guns that aren't satisfying to use.• there is so much content that unless you invest a lot of time into the game, you probably would never see them all. but the fact that most of the weapons/items are quite lame disincentivizes players from exploring the game fully. a corollary of this is that you don't really get the chance to learn how to use the gun you are using• there is no core philosophy on how enemies and their attacks behave. so the very first time you see a new enemy you will probably get hit by something new and unusual.• randomly generated dungons sometimes create unfair/uninteresting situations• lots of visual clutter• jokes and references are lameall of these issues build up to a core problem: which is that the game provides little incentives for new players to want to explore the game's content.thankfully (or not!) the game is quite addicitve due to its tight controls and brutal (but mostly fair) difficultywould recomend if: you like grindy games; you dont have that many games to play; you are easily impressed by things such as ""a bullet that shoots guns that shoots bullets""; you unironically like memes6/10"
76561198050603747,Not Recommended,311690,32065279,Posted: 30 May,all,Skrump: CEO of Skrump Towers,"I've played and love Binding of Issac and Rogue Legacy, thought I would enjoy this.You could easily go through the entire first floor without finding a new weapon, only to be plopped into a boss fight, ill equiped, tediously firing your pistol until you or the boss dies. The starting weapons will make suicide look more and more like a viable option everytime you restart. Despite going through level after level, life after life, it never feels like you make any progress.I understand difficult games and their appeal, but the game has to make you feel like you're progressing else you'll give up."
,Not Recommended,311690,23531102,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,glugplug,"its sort of like binding of isaac, but binding of isaac is good"
,Not Recommended,311690,23093248,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,🍌,"Not as fast paced as Nuclear Throne, not as unpredictable as Izick."
76561198033852850,Recommended,311690,22252537,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,jgshaw,Perfect!
,Not Recommended,311690,29858617,Posted: 11 February,all,Magyarharcos,"I enjoy a fair challenge, but taunting me with ammo or health when that was just what i needed in the last run is cruel, heartless, and just a ♥♥♥♥♥ move in general, every run i feel like its doing its damn best tu taunt me with♥♥♥♥♥♥ Extremely good items i can't afford by just a few credits, giving me 4 FULL HEARTS ON FLOOR 1 when i needed them in the last run to survive, or having 10+ empty guns in another attempt and then on the next run taunting me with 3 ammo boxes as end-of-room rewards on floor 2. I dont ♥♥♥♥in care what this game is or how good it is, but it sure likes to torture people or watch them suffer. How can something be so heartlessly cruel. Its probably my luck thats ♥♥♥♥in me over, but i aint playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥no-more."
,Not Recommended,311690,28580799,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,abused by cardboard,"I really wanted this game to be good, but it isn't. The obvious comparison is to binding of isaac. In that game, you can have insane runs with interesting interactions between the items you pick up, but not in this game. In that game, you can carefully manage your resources and be rewarded by turning a bad run into a good one and make clever choices in order to improve your situation, but not in this game. In that game, even if the RNG is not on your side you can hope to find something in a shop or a chest to keep you going, but not in this game.From start to finish, this game is punishing and there is nothing you can do about it. It's not a question of skill, it's a question of attrition. You can be very good at dodging and such and still fail because the game just doesn't give you any good weapons and shops don't provide any relief (and what little they do you have to spend on healing). You have no opportunity to manage your resources to find extra items as you would in tBoI. This game is a bullet hell game and a bad one at that, since the camera perspective makes it so that your hit box is not where you think it is and the money and RNG systems make it so that you rarely ever get any weapon upgrades.If you want a bullet hell game, there are better games available and if you want a rougelite then just get tBoI. This game is not what it promised to be."
76561198016518545,Not Recommended,311690,22824189,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Fkleef,"I like this game alot, but i cant recommend it because the bullet hell mechanics in boss battles are just unfair. I mean theres some attacks that are just impossible to dodge and the biggest frustration of mine is that you only get the best rewards only if you take no damage during the fight. And they are necessary to win against the final boss, since he just fills the screen with bullets."
,Recommended,311690,22295777,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Fano,The Binding of Isaac + Hotline MiamiHard AF10/10
76561198052828357,Not Recommended,311690,22403176,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,you have to call me nighthawk,It's boring. It's a clone of an already full genre and it brings nothing new to the table. Might be worth buying if it's on sale for like $4 or less but certainly not worth paying full price for.
,Recommended,311690,22308734,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Pixel,"Was doing really well, got to boss. Died and raged.It's fun."
76561198000463235,Not Recommended,311690,25203771,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Xenomorph,Game is too hard. It's a design failure. Nuclear Throne is also hard but i have playing since it came out. Because difficulty is balanced. I dont have any problem with hard games but there has to be an OPTION make it easy.
,Not Recommended,311690,22468673,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,fancy portion,"It's not like The Binding of Isaac.  It is a bullet hell.  The bosses have 1000000 hit points and you will die over and over and over and make zero progress over and over and over.Update 1: You'll get no gun at all about 30% of the time, and a garbage gun another 30%, on the first floor, leading you to kill the first floor boss with your starter peashooter for 10 minutes, or until you make enough dodge-roll mistakes to die.1/2/2017 edit: I like how people downvote this review, when the top reviews now are negative, saying exactly what I said here in many more sentences.Well here is a short, pithy review for people who like brevity.  Ready?Enter The Gungeon.  Too much stick, too little carrot."
,Not Recommended,311690,24269077,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Merry,"Mostly got this game because I heard it was inspired by binding of isaac and spelunky among other games. Sadly not much like either of those at all. The normal enemies are super easy meanwhile the bosses are super difficult so you might get through a floor without taking any damage and then the boss might K.O you. Unlike isaac, the items don't feel like they change much. Also an odd side note but the wiki is pretty bad; which for a game like this is pretty frustrating. Weird for me to dislike a roguelike but this game felt painfully boring and I can't see myself getting into it in the future."
76561198017224649,Not Recommended,311690,22588848,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Sani,RNG sucks hard.Overall I do not like this game for various reasons.Enjoy.
,Recommended,311690,22347429,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Me too thanks,I received AIDS upon playing this game
,Recommended,311690,29558384,Posted: 28 January,all,NoOne | Society.gg,funragerage = 2/5 is funragefunidk what im writing xd just recommend
,Recommended,311690,22281862,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,DrunkN,flipping tables and rolling have never been so fun.
76561198027613736,Recommended,311690,22252919,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DoctrStrange,Super Retro Pixel rougue like with rpg elements~This is a must have!So much fun!I would write more but this game is so fun I just wanna go back and play!
76561198101518367,Recommended,311690,22256909,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DufferZzz,"Etg, ive been waiting for this, FOR A VERY LONG TIME. whats not to love? hundreds of hours of content, like nuclear throne or boi. a plethera of guns to choose from, a beautiful art style, a brand new feeling every new run. yes you can beat the game with the marine 100 hours in, but now you need to go get a different gun to the past with maybe the convict or the secret characters. loads of secrets which i love. the devs have promised to bring huge updates. i feel as though they will make a dlc like after birth. and oh the roll. so majestic as bullets should tank you but miss each time. my current favourite weapon is the broken ship because i mean its a melee but it has so much horsepower it fires you back and in my case off the edge into the abyss where i rage quit. AND dont get me started on the gun puns.This game will have you gunning for days.11/10 gundead soldiers"
76561198132005865,Recommended,311690,22252839,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DaBlackScourge,"From the coverage I've seen of this game, it looked like a promising title. I pre-ordered the game about a month in advance, very hyped to shoot some peas and mail some high-speed letters. When I noticed the ""install"" option available I downloaded it right away, hoping to take the plunge in the Gungeon. But, there was an issue with the game. When I booted it up, there was no sound. No confirm sound. No footsteps. No gunshots. It was just silent. I validated the cache and it said one file need to be replaced, what that file was, I don't know. The download said 0 bytes were downloaded. Still no sounds. Either it's in need of a day one patch or my PC dislikes the sounds, either one is likely. I can't not recommend it, due to it being a (hopefully) isolated issue. But, if it's a game issue I hope it's fixed soon.EditThe update fixed it. A message to DodgeRoll-(A la Big Tam) Solid Play."
76561197997806955,Recommended,311690,22253008,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ice&Fire™,Like Binding of Isaac but with guns
,Recommended,311690,22255507,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Rich Chigga,"I thought about returning it because It was too hard... This game is hard, but very fun.Pros:Awesome artwork!Randomized GungeonSo many itemsGreat gameplayVariety of bullets to faceSecret things to discovorOverall very funCons:Start with very low health, makes it trickySome bosses are crazy hardWhen your entire screen is gunfire it's hard not to get hitVery, Very crazy at timesOverall I'd suggest this game for it's unique dungeon crawler gameplay, awesome guns and randomized levels so you never get bored! I've never played Binding of Issac but if you like Nuclear Throne and/or Issac this is a game for you!"
76561198037883854,Not Recommended,311690,29556389,Posted: 28 January,all,CARROT GOLEM,"I want to like this game. Hell, I want to love this game. I really do.However, several factors make me almost hate it. and prevent me from recommending it.1. For a gun themed game, most of the guns feel incredibly underpowered. Very rarely do you pick up a gun and go ""OMG yes!!!"" Usually it's ""Oh good, another reskinned starter pistol""2. Likewise, a lot of the passive upgrades also feel weak. TT dmg = 2 seconds of dmg up after flipping a table... great.3. Most enemies, and especially bosses, are bullet sponges. Bosses even have a DPS taken cap, just in case you get a little bit powerful.Combining these, you end up fighting incredibly tanky bosses/enemies, with incrdibly weak guns. Repeating the same floor over and over because the boss can just outlast you since you need to hit it with 500 shots just makes for a boring game.Also, don't expect it to ever change. The devs have made it quite clear the game is what they want it to be, no matter what people who spent their hard earned money on the game might think. I don't see how adding in an easy mode detracts from anything else. but hey, I'm just a lowly peasant who plays games, how could I ever have an idea how to make them more enjoyable. (Not to mention opening the game up to a wider market, making the devs more money, allowing them to keep making great games. Everyone wins.)"
76561197987007775,Not Recommended,311690,22286586,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,MagicalElf,"Rogue-lite is one of my favorite genres.  However, Enter the Gungeon did not make a strong first impression on me unlike games like Binding of Isaac and Crypt of the Necrodancer.  The fun and addictive part of rogue-lites is the feeling of quick progress and growth with each new playthrough.  When drops are infrequent and, even worse, often downgrades from starting gear, it feels that there is nothing to look forward to in grinding out a new game session.  New guns come far too infrequently, and many of them are wacky gimmicks but won't help you progress further in the game.  Perhaps if I stuck it out for dozens of hours I would start to get further and unlock more enjoyable guns, but I have limited free time to enjoy games these days and I already find myself not looking forward to doing additional runs of Enter the Gungeon."
,Recommended,311690,22255476,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,vaniljam,best game evaa
76561197977207077,Not Recommended,311690,29735791,Posted: 5 February,all,Frizb3e,"I like the game.I just started to get through to the 4th chamber but after the update it got like 10x harder.It's not very fun being stuck on the first level for ages, I just get bored and give up.Needs an easy mode for nubs like me."
76561198097167626,Not Recommended,311690,29732792,Posted: 5 February,all,Prickly Zognoid,"To say Gungeon has the potential to be a truly amazing game is a vast understatement, but to sum up why I grew to hate it, I'll just copy and paste what I put in my refund request.I put 36 hours into this game, not because I was having fun, but because I wanted to win. I should have refunded this game ages ago but I didn't. The bosses are COMPLETE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the enemies are not even remotrly fun to fight... it's an exercise in stress more than anything and I don't want any more part of it. All the pieces are there; tight controls, wide array of weapons, good characters and story, gorgeously pixelated graphics, amazingly industrial and bombastic music, and a brilliant sense of humor, but it's all bogged down by extremely unfair boss fights and unbelievably poor balancing. There's presenting a challenge, and then there's this. I'm done."
76561198074937372,Not Recommended,311690,24246469,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,kronald_fan.neck,"Honestly pretty mediocre the whole way through. Bosses are too tanky. You can't get OP like you do in Isacc and synergies are rare. Also I really hate how enemies get more health every floor, instead of the game just throwing different ones at you."
76561198079434869,Recommended,311690,22834301,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Фурры Гопник,"If you like bullet hell games, you should get it.If you don't like bullet hell games, get it.If you don't know what a bullet hell game is, get it and find out yourself.If you like not knowing what a bullet hell game is, get it and JUST DO IT.If you don't have the money get it when on sale.If you still don't have enough money borrow money.If you don't have a bank or friends to borrow money, get a job.If you can't get a job, get a life and have friends that will lend money.If you can't do that, beg for money.If you can't do that, why do you even have a computer for steam?GET IT.JUST DO IT!!!you wont be sorry!no kidding...don't keep reading.......(get it)HEY!!!!!!1!111!1!1 NO READING OR ELSE A $3 MILLION FINE WILL BE CHARGED. TOO LATE. YOU JUST READ IT. pay up.(dont pay $3 mil. to me, to the game, to buy some for the people who can't afford it.)"
76561198098110213,Not Recommended,311690,22600357,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Groversoup,"This game would be near flawless if it weren't for the enemy HP scaling.  The purpose of a roguelite like this is normally to become more powerful as you go on, not less.  It ruins the pacing of combat and makes fighting enemies a chore instead of a challenge, which is not good in a game where you fight enemies.Also, the ammo drops are based on ammo spent in the room instead of how little ammo you have, meaning you can run completely out of ammo without any way to get it back.  Nuclear throne did this perfectly with frequent ammo drops but small ammo pools, which actively encouraged switching weapons, something a game with limitless gun capacity desperately needs.I still have fun with this game but I would never recommend it to anyone in its current state."
76561198005337194,Recommended,311690,22254338,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The Green Bastard,1nd
,Recommended,311690,22313708,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,The.Apocalyptic.Hobo,Great
,Recommended,311690,29534658,Posted: 27 January,all,Moosin,Love this game they should make an android version of it.
,Not Recommended,311690,22576738,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,425-420-4628,yo hahaha jking about the rview hshshahahahahahahahahahahaHahahah
76561198273429731,Recommended,311690,22259953,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,BruceTheGoose,Very fun. Has great gameplay and plays well.
,Recommended,311690,22502177,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Garrana,git gud
76561198119351992,Recommended,311690,22282164,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,h3h3 fan,Gets gamedies 300 times beating the first floorbeats the first floorimmediatly dies on second floorcries
,Recommended,311690,22283677,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bad Tech Bunny,"It's hard to describe how good this game is. I love the combination of Rogue-Like and Bullet Hell, and this game does both so well.As of the time I am writing this review, I have yet to get past the second floor."
76561198085652046,Recommended,311690,22287482,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Raptoros,"If you like Isaac then you will like this. I must say this is a hell of a lot harder imo. Farthest I've made it is the 3rd floor, but unlocking guns, and items for the next run helps a lot.The only downside I can think of is that the characters are not really that different. The marine seems to be the best because you start with free armor, and reload speed passive.Also make sure to test your weapons in the shop. You get a special reward."
76561198099989438,Recommended,311690,22288774,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,FormalGamer117,Amazing gamecant get past chamber 1
76561198147087072,Recommended,311690,22290426,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,SuhDude!,"My favorite gun is the lowercase letter ""r"". No joke....seriously."
76561198054787837,Recommended,311690,22253197,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Zero Samurai,"it's like isaac, WITH GUNS!!!"
,Recommended,311690,22253613,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Junsennn,"I dont write many reviews , but this is AWESOME ! xD10/10 would get shot with a bullet shot by a bullet ."
,Recommended,311690,22253670,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Fusion,Bullets are EVERYWHERE in this game.You will need:SkillsMore skillsEVEN more skills!TimeRelisation that you have no skill10/10 would play again!
76561198028659394,Recommended,311690,22306454,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,[TAW] Nate Mc Bow,"I have never been a massive fan of roguelikes as many just push players a bti far in terms of unlocking stuff. But this game takes a amazing mix between prgoression and training that takes a minute to learn and a LIFETIME to master.This game does one thing really well. Impromptu problem solving and reaction time flow together in a way you can scarcely imagine. Do i flip the table to block the incoming shells? Or do i fire one of my blanks to guarantee my safety? Or do i dodgeroll out of the way and hope there isnt another slug there to say hello...The sheer volume of gear can maybe trump what The Binding Of Isaac has to offer (I KNOW they are two different games... But in terms of content i think Enter The Gungeon wins here) The gear and guns have some interesting synergies, but the unlike Isaac the synergies dont eventually overload. There are specific ones that can buff the HELL out of your favorite firearm. And some subtle ones that go by unnoticed. And some that dont help your situation at all. Forethought is the key word there. I had a great time when i found The Hexagun (Magic based sniper rifle with only one shot per clip) and i also found a hip-fire holster (Fires a free extra shot from the gun when you reload it) Turning the rifle into a instakill rifle on most minions. And equally nasty against bosses.All in all. If you want a game that challenges you to a limit, and provides alot of content for a not so expensive amount. I highly recommend this.How many deaths will it take you to kill your past?"
,Recommended,311690,22284390,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,BabyRabbi,I have never in my life played a game before that infuriated me so much.
,Recommended,311690,22449194,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,pyromilky,oh...i was waiting for nuclear throne and the binding of isaac to make a hybrid baby satan cancer game of awesomness.
76561198192143759,Recommended,311690,22305862,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Preston,"Personally I didn't enjoy Enter The Gungeon. The overall pace is very slow for my taste but, If your have fan of these types of games you'll probably be in love with Enter The Gungeon."
,Recommended,311690,22264201,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,flimnit,After watching four days of Twitch streaming I finally got to play this game and It's just as good as I thought. I did do a quick controller layout change and that helped drastically.
76561198318950536,Recommended,311690,28622568,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,CORMONNO,if u like rougelike games then this is the best one u can get
76561198054990513,Recommended,311690,22310150,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,dengar's dumptruck,Everyone holds the binding of isaac in such high regard. But isaac sucked when it launched. this is a polished title right at launch!!!!!!!!!
76561198189422715,Recommended,311690,22668967,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,assblaster2988,This is a great game there are no mexicans in it and that makes me very happy! It is full of guns and not very graphic heavy can play on my dell inspron laptop.
76561197979774531,Not Recommended,311690,22915375,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Coopa Troopa,"This game has so much potential to be so much better if they would fix the co-op mode.1.  Starting co-op is not intuitive.  I had to Google it just to figure out how.2.  While in co-op, if I hit the steam button on the steam controller, upon resuming the game both players are given control of P1.  P2 (the cultist) remains motionless.3.  P2 is not able to use blanks and items.4.  P2 is not able to run and aim at the same time.  This is a HUGE disadvantage!  If P2 attempts to aim it just takes away crosshair control from P1.  However, P2 will never aim in the direction of the crosshair.  This is arguably the biggest problem with co-op.My son purchased an additional copy of the game when he found out that there was a co-op mode but was extremely disappointed to find out that not only was it limited to local co-op (no online co-op) there are all of these additional problems which ruin the co-op experience.If you will only play this game solo then you will probably like it.  If you want to play co-op then don't bother."
,Recommended,311690,22280803,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,fy_oilrig_cz,"Great game. If you liked Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, you'll love this game. If you didn't like Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, you'll still love this game."
,Recommended,311690,22298110,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Qaudruple,This is game is extrememly fun. I already have my final verdict after playing for about 4 hours. I have put nearly 300 hours into The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. So I thought I would give this a go and bloody hell I was pleased. It is such a fun game and refreshing as playing Rebirth for 300 hours can get a bit boring. If you have any money and and interest at all in The Binding of Isaac series then get this game! It is so worth its price!!!
76561198097979560,Recommended,311690,23905015,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Xx_CoOlJaY_xX,"If you have a mac, DON'T GET THIS. Macs defeat the purpose of this game being fast paced."
,Recommended,311690,22879489,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Mryayayify,"KIll your Enemies like you wanna be barbaric no matter the morales nor social understandings, just go for the kill if you're frustrated and wanted to clear your mind. >:)17/10."
,Recommended,311690,28695477,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Danny Judas,"The best rogue-lite ever made, period."
,Not Recommended,311690,29731857,Posted: 5 February,all,Normal Human,"It is imposible to play by the fact that it is SO hard to gain health, you would need like 30 hours of experince just to survive this game.69/420  wouldn't meme again"
76561198159334262,Recommended,311690,28727852,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,FaAXeN,Suh Dude
,Recommended,311690,31250589,Posted: 19 April,all,Xolta11,SHUT/SHUT
76561198060257544,Recommended,311690,22306396,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Gordon Freeman's Crowbar,Enter the Gungeoon is the lovechild of the Binding of Isaac and the NRA...
76561198095924054,Recommended,311690,33738368,Posted: 23 July,all,FusionJay,"If you like binding of issac or any genre of that kind you will probbaly enjoy this game for awhile. Don't pay for the full price, get it on sale and enjoy the game much as you can and then move on. The game is fun but becomes dissapointing the longer you play it. Also don't expect to beat or complete everything the game has to offer, theres no real progression to make the game a little easier for you to complete or extend the enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,311690,23042500,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,JasonWolfy,"If you use a controller for this game, you are a ♥♥♥♥♥ and need to get your PC Master Race Title checked"
76561198039110658,Recommended,311690,22293656,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Shanx,Has full health before entering roomDies in room-_-♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,311690,22805769,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,EUGENE V. DABS,oppa gungeon style
,Recommended,311690,22816358,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Jadeybee,"This is the most polished roguelite i've played in my gosh darn life, it's so good."
76561198040613616,Recommended,311690,29500280,Posted: 26 January,all,Tyzer,flancruge
,Recommended,311690,27766455,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GUY FIERIE,"This game is so simple, yet it can suck you in for hours and get you competitive with your friends. It also has a unique, but awesome theme, which is guns everywhere. 11/10"
76561198068056206,Recommended,311690,22349416,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Crashgamer,pretty lit
,Not Recommended,311690,32248009,Posted: 7 June,all,Lightening Mcree,"The game is AMAZING. I have a friend who plays this and we frequently play together on the same PC. I honestly have no problem with the game. My only issue is that when I went to buy the game for myself, it doesn't work. I have double and triple cheked everything, from the minimum requirements to validating the steam files, but the game still refuses to work. I seem to be the only person having this problem as it nor any ways to fix it are listed on the forums. If the devs can somehow fix the issue I am having that would be great; untill then, I am refunding this game."
,Recommended,311690,22255806,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,wwwizzarrdry,"Edit:A) If you haven't already played Gengeon, you'd be doing yourself a favor by doing so as your soonest convenience.B) The co-op is functioning fine. But it isn't obvious how to enable it. There is a dude in a purple robe in the main lobby that you must talk to, and then he asks if you would like to turn on Co-op. Then you you need to open settings and change player 2's controller scheme to ""Controller 2"". However, the second player gets shafted as they don't get to choose from one of the protagonists. Instead, they are forced to play as that boring Purple Robed sage whose skill is a singke-use heart-shaped cookie that brings your companion back to life. I think he is a good enough character that he could have made the ranks of the normal heroes, but forcing us to use him is a bit drab.C) Reviews are the best place to voice technical issues. A forum has no relevance and often glarig issues can be buried u der pages of help. While a review has tangible effects on a title that developers will eventually need to acknowledge if enough negative reviews get posted.Original Post:Local co-op doesn't work with Xbox One Controllers. It detects both controllers as X-Input Controller #1 so both players control the same character. Unable to even review the co-op mode as it doesn't work.Under settings, I configured Player One as Controller-1, and Player 2 as Controller-2 but it doesn't fix anything."
,Recommended,311690,22274140,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Registered Loser,One of the characters you can play as has a corgi.Game of the Year 2K16
,Recommended,311690,23123541,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SgtDomo,Jumped against a book - got damage10/10 would jump again
76561198119802074,Recommended,311690,22387164,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,CheesyPants,This game is super fun but does it have online multiplayer if so how do I do it
,Recommended,311690,24788427,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,A Literal Dead Meme,step 1: complete tutorialstep 2: get into actual gamestep 3: aquire water gunstep 4:♥♥♥♥♥♥off shop keeperstep 5: get shot down to half a heart by shop keeperstep 6: fight giant bird with a gatling gunstep 7: get bombed by the missles it shot out of its mouth9/11 would be bombed again
,Recommended,311690,25596703,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Argo,"ITS HARD, IVE NEVER BEATEN IT AND LOOK AT MY HOURS.GET IT IF YOU WANT TO SUFFERits fun though"
76561198276315398,Recommended,311690,31882745,Posted: 21 May,all,Uncle Crackshaw,Killed Isaac.RIP Blinding of eye sack.
76561198342784160,Recommended,311690,28612034,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,~!~@~#~$~%~^~&~*~(~)~,GOOD GAME
76561198150014882,Recommended,311690,31776722,Posted: 15 May,all,ashtrainer27,i regret refunding this game.plz send moneyi am poormy mom won't tell me her credit card numberhow good was my 9-yr-old act?
,Recommended,311690,22263038,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,FockinUppity,It's like good came down from the heavens and gave me crystal meth
76561198114635132,Recommended,311690,33423616,Posted: 9 July,all,C•Doggo *,"Good game, would recommend.Pros: - Good music and nice visuals- All deaths feel fair- Bosses are fun and challenging- Portals in completed rooms help you move places fast- Lot's of sweet guns and accessories- Very hardCons: - Not much story, That's a problem in a super hard game like this. It really needs a driving story to make you want to put all of your effort in it.- The store shouldn't have RNG in what items are in it.- Very poor optimization. I get lag spikes, freezes, keyboard takes time to react.Those are my pros/cons. The game is a fun challenging Bullet hell Crawler, I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,311690,23938451,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Blaze McTokin,The game assumes that I have friends in real life. Would probably be fun if I could actually play with my online friends.
,Not Recommended,311690,24344983,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,[TZS]SyKo bAmBi,"Bought this game cause it looked fun and was a type of game me and my buddies could play. Then after buying it and playing a little bit by myself, which wasn't all that great, my buddy finally got it and we wanted to play together then found out the co-op tag was local co-op which is funny cause now the page doesn't say co-op it says shared/split screen. Im gonna go play binding of issac cause it's a game that's fun by yourself."
76561198285975038,Recommended,311690,28641337,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Isatopia,This game is soooo amazing. It is not for the noob player. Trust me this game gets HARD! But a very very very good game. Come on buy it. YOu have to!
76561197995212192,Recommended,311690,28693227,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nethys,"Excellent Bullet Hell, not for the weak."
,Recommended,311690,29541624,Posted: 28 January,all,KAMBAY,Git Gud and enjoyIts difficult but funnnnnnnnyyyy
,Recommended,311690,28053016,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ASpoopyPixel,pew pew
76561198040894198,Recommended,311690,22280942,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Dunnyone,Why is it so hard ;(
76561198037999570,Recommended,311690,22265007,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Bave,It's Guntastic!
,Recommended,311690,23904933,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,PHC,ADDDDD MULLLTIIIPLAYYYERRRRRR
76561197995901053,Recommended,311690,22509626,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Emphou,"+Solid roguelikehard, mostly skill based+Tons of content for the price100+ hrs*************************-Below avarage musicat times music generation is too chaotic-No dailys, leaderboards.thats a standart nowadays"
,Not Recommended,311690,33998343,Posted: 3 August,all,OverAster,It's a great game when it works. I have tried everything including resetting my entire pc (yes the game is that good) but it still isn't working. On top of that the support that you get from dodgeroll is about as strong as a toothpick. I loved the game but it isn't worth all the trouble I'm going through to get it to work.
,Recommended,311690,22889463,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Moxe,pretty good zombie game 5/star
,Recommended,311690,22890663,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Prosciutto,Still playing it.
76561198261066527,Recommended,311690,22483055,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),T his game is super super addictive beware bullet hell is an understatement.. the game is very difficult especially if you aint skilled at skill games but i am and still i struggle sometimes 4th floor is the highest i got to the bosses are overwhelming especially for the early floors like boss 2 medusa look a like is much easier than boss floor one ammo is ahrd to come by unless you are marine but i love the challenge and the weapons i mean omg the weapons!!!!!!!!!!!! lmao ... so many and so funny one of them things you have to buy it to experience it this game is amazing better than  the classic game alike game like this forgot what its called but this game beats them all happy i paid the price for this. i racked up 22 hours in space of two days so addictive please buy if you want a challenge and fun... p.s it is easier if you gain plenty of passiv eitems to help you a long the way like the table flip bang one tech ones are best and the necklaces you could complete this game 10 times and still not found every time there are so many secrets to that i have figured out with no help atall i love the minigames to so much of a comical yet challenging game x ... the game can be unbalanced sometimes regarding weapons and moeny unelss you play on best mode then not a problem
76561198104650461,Recommended,311690,23654982,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Pupper Plays The Tromport,best gaem 0/5 put in shrek
76561198238861864,Recommended,311690,32795538,Posted: 25 June,all,jamesjjfly,nice game
,Recommended,311690,22260904,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,foxxo,"I have the same problem with this game that i do with BoI, eventually i will see every room and item and enemy, at that point the game, should have no challenge, but it does, a boring repetitive challenge with impossible quests. Honestly Try Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne before getting this, you'll have more fun too, unless your this guy:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bf0xkLOlQqw<-- that sums up every boss fight in this game too."
,Recommended,311690,22256692,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Kevin,"Absolutely amazing indie title, the game is fun, fast paced, and difficult. Controls are on point for keyboard. This is a must buy for absolutely everyone. It truly blends a sense of urgency when you are fighting, the enemies will chase you down, I have had laughing fits playing ring around the rosie with heavy enemies and bulletkin! :D"
76561198202425178,Recommended,311690,29515163,Posted: 26 January,all,Squalls,Best
76561198293825824,Recommended,311690,26647180,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,unholy jeff,i play this game when i feel like being salty
,Recommended,311690,29559803,Posted: 29 January,all,Nukethetown,pretty gut
76561198298451777,Recommended,311690,29559838,Posted: 29 January,all,T22BLITZ,"Apparently people were not convinced with my initial review. Well let me tell you, this game IS REALLY GOOD. I came to this game after spending countless hours playing Nuclear Throne (which is one of my favorite games ever). This game and Nuclear Throne are very different, but I instanltly found myself falling in love with the sheer weapon, item, and enemy variety that is less of a feature in NT. I'm fairly confident that if you've ever enjoyed a roguelite shooter before (Binding of Isaac, Nuclear Throne, FTL, ect.) you're going to like this game."
,Recommended,311690,34804837,Posted: 7 September,all,Jaggi Killer,this is AWESOMEthis game NEEDS to be in your library
76561198388354350,Recommended,311690,34779210,Posted: 6 September,all,pprocash,"Best roguelike game (y), masterpiece <33"
,Recommended,311690,22312917,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Rifter,"Here's your next fix, Isaac fans."
76561198011016587,Not Recommended,311690,22294375,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Hush,"A visually adorable game with some fun enemy/boss variety to keep each room fairly interesting for a while. The actual gunplay and challenge are both pretty satisfying as well. Rolling about, kicking over a table that buys enough time to finish a reload, and then blasting apart the last big baddie in a room? It feels pretty good. The weapon unlocks are all also pretty funny the first time; special note to the God Hand item. Super fantastic.That said, most of those unlockables are pretty mediocre and I found the starting weapons to work the best in general. An example that springs to mind is when I had a snowball cannon, an ant that spread oil and fire, and a gun that fired the letters to spell BULLET with every use, and I still just used the pistol and crossbow I started with for most encounters. I could spend a bunch of time fumbling with these awful gimmick weapons...or I could kill them in a third of the time with the weapons the game just gives me. Not to say that some of the weapons weren't devastating - the anvil launcher comes to mind - but the weapon pool is too cluttered to commonly run into them.Also, this game suffers a bit from awkward ammo and health mechanics. Low health and few ways to recover means getting shot at all is extremely consequential(even on the Convict who needs to get shot for her passive item to even start being useful). The game features ammo refills but the only available choice is a full-restore, and often I would feel bad about wasting it to replenish a third of a weapon's uses. You can leave the ammo there for later use, but that's risky because there's a chance it's merely taken by an NPC off-screen, forcing you to stay topped-off or run out because you took just a little too long.It's a shame, because Nuclear Throne makes this look effortless. Where that game had ammo and health a-plenty, this game will often have you running about with several empty weapons and just a couple coins/casings short of another ammo supply from the shop(assuming the shop is selling it, or anything useful at all...). Maybe if there were more frequent but very small ammo drops, or enemies weren't soaking excessive damage, but as it stands, you really can't go as nuts with the application of weapons and items as the game seemingly wants you to.Often I would simply avoid opening chests alltogether because typically the reward was mediocre at best, and as far as I can tell you can't really sell unwanted/empty weapons to the shopkeeper. I feel like this is a sign that there just aren't enough worthwhile items in the rotation, even after quite a few purchases off of the hegemony shop in the breach. Very few passive effects, most of which I found actually made the game less enjoyable(one slowed the game down every time you knocked over a table, and another made your bullets weaker but fired more with each shot; the latter upgrade made half of my arsenal basically worthless).The last straw for me with this was, 4-5 floors down, dying to a chest that turned out to be a mimic while I was on low health. Perhaps I wasn't cautious enough to see some sort of telltale sign, but a great deal of the rooms ask you to start moving the second you can see what's going on and it seems weird to suddenly ask the player to act cautious and slow for a single enemy. Note that the aforementioned Nuclear Throne also had mimics, but were handled far, far better.As other reviews have said, this is a game that could have had a little more time in development. After the initial laugh and thrill, there's very little here that makes me want to open the game again.Great title theme, though."
,Not Recommended,311690,22342705,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,radical507,"Fun for first 5 hours.A lot of guns, but most of them are all the same.Really boooring and slow when you're not getting interesting guns (which happens all the time), much like isaac run without damage."
76561198042130198,Not Recommended,311690,22342372,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Flavaflav,"As shown above, I have put in a decent amount of hours into this game because for the beginning parts it was enjoyable. I thought this was going to be a binding of isaac type game where certain combinations and items were going to make the game amazing, I was so so wrong. This game is nothing like binding of isaac, and it's really nothing like people thought it was going to be. The game itself has bugs which of course any game does but instead of fixing them, the devs have just put in patches to make the game harder than it needed to be. I find it almost impossible to beat and not enjoyable anymore. You get to certain points in the game and it actually makes you question why the devs puts certain stuff inside the game. The game is a lot harder than it seems, only spend your money if you're looking to get annoyed."
,Recommended,311690,22252502,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Skittle Senpai,"After watching the trailer for this game, and hearing the soundtrack.I knew this game was gonna be worth every penny.For sure one of the best dungeon crawlers out there.P.S. Played the game in it's early stages, hence early review!"
,Not Recommended,311690,22355455,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"I don't actually enjoy playing this game.  It's already as tedious as Isaac becomes when runs require you to go down all the levels. No wonder they thought to add the elevator (which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to unlock as it is)tl;dr: Repeat until RNG isn't ""hard"" it's just bad.Your guns are incredibly ineffective. They add fake difficulty by faking inaccuracy with every gun. Progression is also incredibly slow. You have to wait until you get a very rare key drop on level 2 before you can even start unlocking things. Been on level 2 on every run, but that hasn't happened yet.The upgrades also suck, and they're much rarer than isaac.I guess repeating levels are fun. I guess. You don't get anything for doing most rooms. Keys are scarce, so you'll be lucky to even get the upgrades for a level.It's like Isaac, but with a layer of extra RNG screwage that ensures only the lucky will enjoy it."
76561198068917303,Recommended,311690,22298563,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Ni🅱️️🅱️️a,I got killed by a bullet that has a gun that shoots bullets.
,Not Recommended,311690,25371956,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,James Lister,"First It's a very good game but it's Forced ""Hardness"" what makes it fall short of a great game.Enter the Gungeon videos shows tons and tons of guns... Where are those guns?After you enter the gungeon for the first 5-10 minutes untill you find the first chest and and then you get a gun? Nope some active/passive ability and you are left with those horrible base guns, and as you lose health fighting around the first level you spend your money in shopkeeper to buy hearts. The keys system is so bad; if those chests would just open up it would be a totally better game. The weapon reload system is also horribad.After running the first gungeon enough times sometimes I get a gun and sometimes I get a good gun, if I have a good gun, wow! suddenly I have a chance to pass the first boss. So much content is locked behind the ""getgood"" philosophy vs RNG Loot boxes. All those guns are under RNGJesus power to decide if you get good gear and have a fighting chance.so after playing 4 hours it's getting kind of meh to fight with those pea shooters and wait for some loot, I'll keep playing more, unless you are a Total Fan of these types of games, my suggestion is to stay away.On a side note Nuclear Throne, an arguably harder game and you die a lot but somehow I feel different as it has a quicker sense of session progression and I feel great playing it and keep playing it, while here the more I play the less I’m thrilled to play on the next run."
,Not Recommended,311690,23532255,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,deadbus,"Game is extremely difficult. Maybe for some young people it works, but not for me - 30 years old guy. After 13 hours of playing I reached 3rd level just once. I watched video guides, and it helped, but without good reaction speed it's not enough.Progress is doubtful - you unlock guns, but they make no difference: you can hit boss with 6 bullets with starting pistol or deal same damage from one shot of RPG that will be reloading for 5 sec after that. So your damage per second is still same. If there is no difference then what's the point to change starting gun?"
,Recommended,311690,24464006,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,skeletons n shit,i love this gamethis game gave me cancer!
76561198012487364,Not Recommended,311690,22352114,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,TheMightyBorlaug,Between the Psychotic twitch skill requirement and the Toxicity of the player base; duck this one and stick to Dark Souls.
,Not Recommended,311690,29381800,Posted: 20 January,all,zz,Just like Nuclear Throne but extremely boring with horrible drop rates and no fun allowed horrid mechanics that make my skin crawl and my spine tingle in a rage fueled controlled burst tapping of the M1.Rooms take way too long to clear.Some absolute trash guns drop sooo often and I just despise them with all my heart even after a few hours.The pace is slower than a paraplgeic snail taking its sweet time walking on ice rubbed with butter.I would not recommend this to anyone that isn't a chess player or a yoga master.4/10 very slow can't even spare my time and suffering
,Not Recommended,311690,23919711,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Cupstrom,"Boring, slow, and the guns feel samey and have no punch or feed back. There is some potential here, the teleportation makes back tracking way more bearable, and the soundtrack is alright, but other than that, I want my $11 back."
76561198094487753,Not Recommended,311690,29862675,Posted: 11 February,all,lazy name,"with the new update the gameplay is much harder then before, it is a intresting game but compreatly unforgiving. many of the bosses are far too hard and the attack patterns are some times impssible to dodge. definitly recomended for more advaced players and highly discouraged for more casual gamers."
,Not Recommended,311690,29532982,Posted: 27 January,all,ＭＡＮＢＵＮＧＯ,"Luck outweighs skill and with an itempool that is 90% filled with useless guns and items, it makes the game a lot harder then it should be.It's cheaper to buy a pair of dice then this game."
,Not Recommended,311690,24890432,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Anime KayaK,"♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you cant beat any challange ""dont doge roll"" the next room you have to doge roll to finish the room"
,Recommended,311690,25422207,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,RevCat,"OverviewEnter the Gungeon is a dungeon crawling rogue-like (meaning perma-death and unforgivingly hard) game focusing on fast past shooting action. There is a plethora of challenges and bosses to take on, but you are given tons of weapons along the way. This game is fairly simple but very challenging! You will need to use the dodgeroll mechanic to evade shots, or use a blank to clear the screen of shots.ProsBeautiful pixel-style graphicsReally good soundtrackChallenging and fair gameplayInteresting and fun to use dodgeroll mechanicGreat boss designLots of content (challenges, goals, things to buy/unlock)ConsGets repetitiveCan be unfairly hard if you don't get good weaponsLack of saving runs mid-way throughNeutralTakes a lot of practice to get goodConclusionOverall, I highly recommomend this game to anyone who is a fan of rogue-likes. The hundreds of guns and intense gameplay keeps this game fun and fresh every time you play.I rate Enter the Gungeon a 8.5/10"
76561198134337276,Not Recommended,311690,26849696,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Schjors,WHY ARE YOU STILL SCROLLING THROUGH ALL THOSE NEGATIVE REVIEWS?!?!JUST BUY THE GAME ALREADY!
,Not Recommended,311690,29769578,Posted: 7 February,all,Teru,"This game feels far too slow and it really shouldn't be. You barely get rewarded from clearing rooms. Usually I get nothing.Half the time you won't be able to buy anything at the shop because you're given such a measly amount of coins so you'll go out of the floor, if you make it, having skipped a chest and then die horribly in the next floor, again, assuming you make it. That's without mention of how tanky everything feels.It's not fun, it's not fair, it's not right. The only reason I've ever gotten anywhere is sheer luck and I like to think that, with this much game time under my belt, I've the skill to make it pretty far on my own even without good items but what's the point?This kinda game survives on getting fun builds and pushing forward with really cool effects and such but I've not seen even half the items it says it contains, hell for all I know it only has the 20 or so I've seen.I was hoping the Supply Drop update would make it more approachable but it still feels painfully slow and far too stingy.I love you guys and everything's cute n' all but this needs some fixing.I cannot recommend this at all as it is.Edit: For the record, I have beaten the game several times, killed everyone's past and the secret bosses. Including the 4 phase secret boss on the hidden floor at the end.The only things I haven't done are with the bullet because he is extremely rare so I haven't unlocked him. That's beside the point though."
,Not Recommended,311690,29568878,Posted: 29 January,all,please don't,"Maybe I haven't play this game too much, but as I read reviews, and watch gameplays, it seems to be true - game is too boring and repetetive.1. Guns you get (if you get any) are just not interesting enough. Mostly it's just reskinned starter gun with a (very little) higher damage or accuracy.2. I am fun of high difficulty games, but not when bosses are just bullet sponges and most rooms are difficulty because there are many enemies in them. It's just not fun, it's annoying.3. Passive items are barely doing anything. They are way too common and way too useless.4. Enemies are not interesting in any way. Every guy is just standing and shooting with different pattern, some of them are teleporting, and that's all. But there was few enemies that were really interesting and stuff, but they were really rare and too easy.However, I can say, that game is pretty fun and stuff, it have great potential, but it seems like developers don't have great ambitions :/"
76561198040457997,Not Recommended,311690,23975630,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Keemossi,"Dodge roll not moving towards cursor is incredibly offputting. I feel like I'm playing against the controls more than anything else, because of that.Otherwise I do like the style and music. Haven't played much though, maybe I'll get over the control frustration and like the game. But really, the dodge is awful for no reason and it bothers me."
76561198033240524,Recommended,311690,28742183,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Niellex,My dad said butane is a b a s t a r d gas
,Recommended,311690,22278931,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,gucci petrucci,This game triggers me
76561198065882389,Recommended,311690,22261249,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,-CC- HobbeS,"It's like Nuclear Throne, but good."
76561198118057251,Recommended,311690,22280096,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Flatulent Shadow,We can't put this game down! See why here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEHcMNJSIZk&list=PL496UtrqkCWW-IDVmzkswZGsRta2oSE2Y
76561198100625650,Not Recommended,311690,28873787,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,KitCat1415,"The game is very well-made, it has a nice soundtrack, the style in the game is good, the story is good too. But there's one thing: It is very annoying because if you die, you have to start at the beginning, no checkpoints or something like that, and that is the only negative about this game, if there where checkpoints and more health drops the game would be just awesome. But for now I won't play this game anymore until there's something done with it becasue this is too annoying for me. I would rate this game Yes if it had somekind of chekpoints and more health drops but for now I don't recommend this game if you aren't good in playing games and if you don't like a game where you die and need to start at the very beginning of the game"
,Not Recommended,311690,32036667,Posted: 29 May,all,Spooky Pacifist,"I honestly don't know why many people like this game, or give it amazing reviews. It's overpriced. And it's literally just Nuclear Throne with less characters. Buy it on sale. If steam had a neutral reccomendation that would be cool. I guess it's just a personal preference, but you should just buy NT instead."
,Not Recommended,311690,24047677,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Riesling,"The pacing of the game is somewhat akward and lack to motivations to continue playing once you died. This is most obvisous when compared to fast, slick shooting games such as Nuclear Thrones."
,Recommended,311690,22266901,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Straw,Begins first runEnters first chest roomOpens chestFinds pillowKills boss with pillowFeels accomplishedGoes to next floorDies by walking into an enemy11/10 dreams crushed
,Recommended,311690,24480218,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,lovely wednesday,EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENTER THE GUNGEON
,Recommended,311690,22269144,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,TheTrollsCreed,it has a crow with a ♥♥♥♥ing minigun.... A ♥♥♥♥ING MINIGUN
76561197999725079,Not Recommended,311690,22778856,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nertak,"The game fun factor depend 80% on rng.Most of the gun and ability are uselesse, unsatisfying to use or make very little difference from the starting loadout.The game can be fun just infrequently the rest of the time it vary from very bland to tedious."
76561198030853806,Recommended,311690,22350292,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Desert Gurt,Anyone who doesn't like this game is a baby with zero motor skills.
,Recommended,311690,22269173,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Goat el Pollito,B U L L E T
,Recommended,311690,22589600,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ThePatchWorkHoax,I mark all hate comments as funny!!!!!(Because the tables told me)I threw them too much i owe the tables my life(SACRIFCE THE TABLES TO the wierd bird thingy with a gatling gun :P)And its funny THAT THEY HATE THIS GAMEITS EPICCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
76561198018083635,Recommended,311690,22265313,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Toph,Excellent game. I'm absolutely in love. <3
,Recommended,311690,22292952,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,karlnp,is good
76561198078887163,Not Recommended,311690,32308240,Posted: 9 June,all,VaStVrOzEn(Sven),"Here is my review after 12,5h playtime:Positive:- interesting weapons, skills and enemies.- challenging bosses- secret rooms/unlockable npcsNegative:- no real multiplayer (developer even said there won´t be an online multiplayer -.-)- weapons/skills are rare- variety of weapons is short- only 4 playable characters that don´t differ much- progression takes too long (if there is any real progression?)All in all it is a game similar to Binding of Isaac, but in a state where ~15€ are too much in my opinion. The lack of a multiplayer (even so the video shows a multiplayer session) is actually not forgiveable. There were no patches/expansions since a few MONTHS! I was very disappointed after reading that there won´t be any mutliplayer and therefor do i NOT recommend this game/developer."
,Not Recommended,311690,29509526,Posted: 26 January,all,Too-DAMN-Much,"the developers have spent 3+ months supposedly ""working on"" 21:9 aspect ratio support, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, unreasonable amount of time being wasted here, non-working game if you use widescreen monitor."
76561198167203932,Not Recommended,311690,27827917,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Evrins,too hard for controller may be easier for a keyboard and mouse
,Recommended,311690,23964038,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,"Fabio Enchilada, the Gay Snake",*Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll* *Dodge Roll*
,Recommended,311690,22259165,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Littlejb17,I killed a boss with a pillow. 11/10
76561198077023377,Recommended,311690,22264091,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Trusty,I don't think I've yelled at my computer screen more times since I first played The Binding of Isaac.11/10
,Recommended,311690,22737887,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,OLco,♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198041430684,Not Recommended,311690,29516644,Posted: 26 January,all,Dr. Derp,"I really love the humor and art style of this game. Basically everything about it is really well done. It's a shame, then, that I'll never get to see most of it. Forget any thoughts of checkpoints. It's a true rogue-like. No extra life, no saving your game. Die and you're done. If you like that sort of thing, it's great. If you don't like permadeath, not so much."
76561198155111639,Not Recommended,311690,22349099,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,MoeSanity,"I swear to god this game just wants you to hate it.The game's horrible enemy/boss balancing is just atrocious, which is furthermore even more fustrating that the RNG aspect literally dictates how well you do on a run. You will most likely (in the first few hours) encounter runs where you can die in the first floor due to receiving useless passive/active items (like having a an ammo increase for the marine even though he doesn't have a starting gun that needs ammo) or just an all-around bad gun. I'll admit the gameplay is pretty fluid and if you know what your doing, you'll be fine throughout...Until you reach the BOSSES!This is my biggest gripe because they are tanky as hell and unless you have a pretty decent build, your pretty much screwed out of a good-chunk of your health (If you survive). Most of the time, in my case, your more focused on dodging the bullet-hell catastophe that once you do get an oppurtunity to attack, you only get a sliver off their health bar before they fill teh screen with more bullets.I also don't understand the end-boss spoil system. Once you beat a boss, the standard reward is a gun or item; however, if you manage to beat the boss without taking damage you'll receive a health-up. Shouldn't that be the other way around!?! I'd imagine that if you flawless a boss the last thing you'll need is a health-up, whereas players who do get hit will most likely need the health-up.The best way to remedy this is to for the game to have some sort of boss practice system. (Where once you face-off against a boss you have the ability to practice against that certain boss through a added door in the hub-world)All-in-All I really do enjoy plaing through this game, but I rarely load the game up due to the bosses seriously keep giving me PTSD.Edit: I'll admit that I might have been a bit salty when I made this review..."
76561198031201785,Not Recommended,311690,22340545,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ƁǬwĿ,"This game is pretty good. I actually recommend it, but there are so many frustrating things about this game that has now made it almost impossible for me to enjoy it.I won't really say that I'm a bad player cause I don't think I am. I actually think I'm pretty good. I'm really good games at like Dark Souls, Bloodborne, and The Binding of Isaac. Those games really tested my patience sometimes. This game makes those two games completely irrelevant for skill cap. I have died more to the first and second floor than I have to Father Gascoigne when I was first starting out in Bloodborne (that man is responsible for 90% of the people who return the game to the store from which they purchase it from.). If you have very little patience, DO NOT GET THIS GAME. If you are good at the souls series game or the binding of issac, throw all of that♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the window. This game will destroy your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, it will turn it into squishy red pulp. You will give yourself a brain aneurysm from tensing up your face muscles in pure rage whilst furiously hammering away at your keyboard and throwing your mouse at the wall.One pretty major false claim of this game is the variety of guns and how many you'll pick up. This is true, as long as you can get to floor 5. By that time you should have quite a few guns in the collection. The problem is getting to floor 5. Nine times out of ten, your run will be ended on floor 1 or floor 2. There are hardly any drops  at all. You hardly get any keys, so you cannot unlock any of the chests on any given floor. If you're lucky, the merchant will sell some keys. The keys are expensive as hell and the price will keep rising, eventually you won't be able to buy anything because the price has risen too high. Sometimes the rooms you clear will drop keys, but this is really rare too.I heard that there was a lot of dying involved in the game and waiting for the ""right run"" is what you need to do. I'm ok with that. The problem with that though, is that even if the first floor goes well, there is absolutely no telling how the second floor will go. You are likely to get completely ♥♥♥♥ed sometime shortly after because your luck is going to run out. The man who makes it to the end of this game deserves a medal, because I know damn well I won't finish it unless they change some of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Christ.The game is good, but extremely hard in short. It will get repetitive and then you will lose interest like me because you lose track of how many times you have died with the SAME ITEMS as the last run. There needs to be more item diversity and more frequent drops. Multiplayer needs to be a thing too, and not with that completely useless purple robed bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that have been ripped off from the fury this game creates. Multiplayer should be like Hammerwatch, where the other player (or players) gets to pick their character just like you. They could be the Hunter, Convict, or the Pilot while you are the Marine for example.If or when they change some of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ aspects of this game, I'll return. I recommend this to you only if you have a lot of patience. If you don't, this game might cause some health problems and concerns."
,Not Recommended,311690,22319291,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Lordy,"It’s sad that this game doesn’t really live up to what it could be. The idea is fun. If you get a good weapon it can be fun the bosses are mostly fun.BUTIt’s not fun how long it takes to get your first item which if you’re unlucky is some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ active item that you might as well toss. If it’s an item that’s useful and you already got another one the rat’s just gonna ♥♥♥♥ing steal it because ♥♥♥♥ you for leaving an item behind.The Marines ♥♥♥♥ing starting gun does more dps than half of the guns I’ve found till now and it has infinite ammo. Seriously half of the guns you find are awful. Oh NICE a ♥♥♥♥ing SQUIRT GUN that does no damage what so ever and if you find anything worthwhile it has barely any ammo at all so you have to save it for the bosses.It’s really annoying how huge the floors are. Isaac has like 4ish rooms on a non XL starting floor. This has like 10-15 and if you’re unlucky half of those have respawning enemies.Having 2 chests per floor and only one key only serves to be more annoying as you have to find both first to decide which to open since there are chests that have better drops than other ones.The game also kinda lacks any interaction between the stuff you find. I mean yeah you can get a faster trigger finger or stuff like that but nothing that changes how a gun really works.It feels like a lot of the game mechanics are there as padding. Huge Floors, unlocks being tied to boss kills, elevator being hard to unlock, the choice between what chests to open, being unable to afford stuff in the shop, all of that makes you feel like there is quite a bunch of stuff you just can’t get yet and have to play more to reach.All in all I am not really enjoying this game as much as I hoped I would it was fun at first but got tedious rather quickly."
,Not Recommended,311690,22324893,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,dc,"I bought this game thinking it would scratch the same itch as Isaac, as that's what reviews and comments suggested.  It doesn't.  Isaac is hard but mainly it's fair.  ETG is harder and completely unfair.  There is no pleasure to be derived from playing it."
,Not Recommended,311690,29021923,Posted: 4 January,all,Sleeping Adonis,"*Goes throught entire floor, finds a chest locked behind a gate. Goes through every room to get 25 coins to buy a key. Unlocks gate. Opens Chest. 5 coins*"
76561198006996766,Recommended,311690,22253782,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,[SS Dumbfuck] Captain,Entered the Gungeon.Found a Shotgun.Fought a Giant Bird with a Gatling Gun.Killed it.Got a Weapon for it that shot baby bullets.Destroyed every Enemy I came across with it.Fought a Giant Eye that was Carrying 7 different Weapons.Baby Bullets Killed it.Got a SMG.Found a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Threw 2 Guns in there.Got a Rocket Launcher.Entered a new Room.Panicked because of unknown Enemies.Shot the Rocket Launcher.Kickback threw me into a pit.Took damage.Respawned next to Smiling green snot.Smiling green snot Poisoned me.I died.10/10 would die to smiling snot again.
,Not Recommended,311690,22326258,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,VenomousBean,"its not that its a hard game, its an unfair game."
,Not Recommended,311690,22330082,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Alien,"Its a decent game, but way too hard.Allow me to explain.This game gimmick is guns, everything can be a gun. I even found a gun called the lowercase r, which shoots letter for bullet. Sadly, for a game with over 100 guns, you will have a hard time getting one, you'l have a harder time getting a decent one.The reason? Keys and RNGYou start with only 1 key. You can find keys, but thats extremly rare. You can buy them, but you get little cash each floor. If you buy keys to open some chest, thats cash you can't spend to get health which is also rare. When you open a chest, there's no guarentee you'l get a gun, its possible you get a passive, an active or a gun who might not be stronger than the pistol the caracters starts withThe fact there are more than 100 guns means you might unlock one, but you might have to wait a long period of time to get your hand on it. Especially if we add the number of passive and active you could get from chest.With only 1 key you have to weight your options, do you open it and risk getting crap? On the first level, you'l mostlikely risk it. On the second floor, if the shopkeeper sells keys and you have the money, you might still get crap.Second problem: Some of the boss are overpowered or poorly balancedThere are 5 floors in this game. I only managed to get to the fourth one 5 or 6 time. The reason? The boss from the third floor. The Treadnaught. Its a tank that shoot missile, minion, grenade etc... The problem with this boss is the minion. He can spawn them fast in a short amount of time. If he spawn more than 3, you are screwed. You wont be able to get the tank killed without getting yourself killed. His minion will predict your move pattern and shoot accordingly.Seriously, almost all my playthrought ended with that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥The other bosses are fine, only 1 of them have random move and attack pattern that make's it difficult to kill while surviving.Also, I like to add that the Roguelike Tag of this game is false. I played around 75 playthrought of this game and I noticed the same rooms over and over again.I mean, there's some roguelike element in this game, I wont deny it, but I saw the same rooms throught multiple playthrought. They could have added different ennemies for the 3 explosive barrel hallway room, but no its still the same 2 bullet kin sitting next to the explosive barrel in the middle of the room...Some player praise the difficulty of this game. Im not one of them. I never managed to get to the boss of the fourth floor. Worst, Its been almost a week and only 3% of the players that own this game managed to kill the last boss.That how difficult this game is. Its almost broken"
76561198224447832,Recommended,311690,22656451,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,DEUS VULT,a gun that shoots the word bullet exists here 10/10
,Not Recommended,311690,28736647,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kryten 2X4B 523P,Getting a refund didnt realise there wasnt propper co-op mode just a ghosty dude and not a full character ..Alot of the boss shots are pretty much impossible to dodge .
,Recommended,311690,22255517,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Average Joe LP,"I used to have a wife and kids, until i discovered this game. Now i can't get enough. I'm now homeless and live from charge to charge on my laptop, just trying scratch that itch to get a little more play in. I used to frequent the coffee shop, so i could get a few hours in, but they gave me the boot for not purchasing any of their dirty water and stealing power. This game destroyed my life, but i love the feeling i get from use. I introduced my friends to it, and now we all live under the bridge, sharing a dirty controller."
,Not Recommended,311690,29572509,Posted: 29 January,all,Bosonic_String,I keep trying to like this game but usually it makes me just want to play Nuclear Throne instead.
76561198026355590,Not Recommended,311690,22327757,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Techfreak313,This game is way too dependent on luck.
,Not Recommended,311690,25452865,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Pterodactyl Butt,"NOPEThe reason for not liking this game is simple: the loop is simply not fun and loses luster after a few playthroughs.I understand it's designed like a roguelike but all too often I found myself replaying the first level with only a pistol and then dying somewhere on the second level. Is there a third level? I never saw it. My longest run came from simple luck of finding a decent weapon. And unlike a game like Rogue Legacy, this one never lets you feel strong enough or smart enough to progress on just skill and persistence.This game also doesn't let you automatically reload when holding down the fire button. Crimsonland is better."
,Not Recommended,311690,32481354,Posted: 16 June,all,Mighty Max,"It's too difficult for me. Most weapons and unlocks offer only incremental benefits, so you really need to rely on good aim, good reflexes, and good dodging. Powerups are really sparse and there's a huge incentive to clear floors without taking a single hit, so even small mistakes are harshly penalized.The art and sound are great, the gameplay is fun, I just don't think I'll ever be good enough to get anywhere near beating it."
76561198007673827,Not Recommended,311690,22329224,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ainingeryu@0213,"首先，这个游戏缺点：1、NO chinese！！没中文2、NO cooperate; many people！！没多人模式3、NO  chinese！！没中文4、NO CHINESE，Important things are to be repeated for 3 times!!没中文，重要的事情说3遍 ！5、CHINESE player is low grade？你在嘲笑中国玩家 ？优点 ：In addition to the disadvantages are good。除了缺点，都是不错的 ！well！When to change, I give praise！！！！好了，什么时候改整，什么时候好评！"
,Not Recommended,311690,27061169,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ThatsMidnight,"If you're a fan of Binding of Isaac, you probably won't enjoy this game as much."
76561198111166459,Not Recommended,311690,22322633,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Sil3nT,I still cant play the game. its just black screen on startup. please help!
76561198117595586,Recommended,311690,27996767,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,An_Italian_Plumber,Awesome bullethell rogue like! Definitely nominated this for the one more try award :P
,Not Recommended,311690,32995843,Posted: 29 June,all,Megajoemama,"Doesn't support ultrawide.I wanna clarify some more on the game, and why I disliked it.Pros -Challenging (at least on console)Story is uniqueUnique charactersUnique weaponsDecent maps and roomsConsBORINGLack of Ultrawide support (at least when I tried it out)Sort of a short backstory for each of the charactersNot as challenging on pc due to the mouse and keyboard (Your exp. will vary)Lack of save points (However that wasn’t a problem with me)To be honest, my past review of “Doesn’t support ultrawide” with a dislike was really lame. I understand that I should post a solid review if I am going to dislike a popular videogame. So I decided to re write my review. I don’t care if it still gets negative feedback or rude commits. Because we all have a right to an opinion. Anyway on to the review.Backstory on purchase - I played the game co op at a friends house on his PS4. I really enjoyed it and found it to be great. The controller made the game even more difficult adding to the challenge of the game. Excited that I found a difficult game that wasn’t impossible and was enjoyable I decided to buy it next time it went on sale.I bought the game and downloaded during a sale that the developer had on steam. When I first booted it up I was disappointed to see that it didn’t support ultrawide monitors. Now I could have just dealt with the 16:9 monitor resolution. However I found myself getting motion sick due to me being used to an ultra wide FOV and resolution.This didn’t stop me from playing the game however. I played a solid half an hour. Betting the first boss with in 5-10 minutes, then dying a restarting. However it became really easy for me to bet the first boss. After the third try it would take me under 5 minutes to bet the first boss. After betting the first boss about 5 times I began to get bored. It wasn’t a enjoyable challenge anymore. I thought about hooking up a control to the computer or switching to my 4k Samsung tv to make the experience more like the one I had at my friends house. However that is a lot of work for a game that was, at least to me boring.Once you pass the learning curve the game becomes repetitive. The enemies have similar patterns (except that sniper guy, he sucks). WIth a keyboard and mouse it is too easy to aim and shoot the guys before they shoot back. The lack of content makes replayability limited. (Unless you're okay with not having a super crazy backstory. Then it is fine). ( Also yes, I understand the dungeons are randomly generated).To conclude, I personally found it to be a boring game. Due to that and the lack of ultrawide ( which I still don’t believe they have fixed) I would not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,311690,29546159,Posted: 28 January,all,Jatrick,"LuckRNGChanceDice RollingWhatever you call it, it's what ruins this gameThis game is no super hard game, nor is it super easy, the problem is with the luck required. Im no casual when it comes to games like this. I have double looped in Nuclear Throne, beaten hush in Isaac, all beaten all 3 dark souls games.  Im no ♥♥♥♥♥.I like this game, but you rely on the game to drop you health, ammo, armor, chests, all of these things. Some runs you could have easy bosses and enemies, amazing loot, tons of health, and the next you could have absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥Do you know how to get guarunteed health every floor of the game? Max health and weapons too! This is really good if you can do it.Beat bosses without taking damage.If you are one of those people who compete in speedruns of hard games, or do no damage runs of whole games, take this game. Its perfect for that.I can't reccomend this to anybody who doesn't have the crazy time to play this game the normal way, waiting for a good run to come around."
,Not Recommended,311690,22505199,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,That Guy,unbalanced gameplay that requires you to perfect every stage or the loot table gets worse. if you buy it prepare to use a cheat device or alter game filesscreen shots are not accurate to gameplay. the bullets are much larger. the developer not showing updated screen shots on the store page is bait and switchthe devloper is obviously a fan of touhou bullet hells. i am not here to judge the developers taste in entertainment . but those things dont sell well in america. some how they actually made it less balanced by not having all threats on screen. rebirth has some of the same problems. which is why its not as popular as the original bings of isac
76561198010875870,Not Recommended,311690,22427965,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,70457,gief online multiplayer
76561198057219911,Not Recommended,311690,29681682,Posted: 3 February,all,Pope,Needs online co-op
,Not Recommended,311690,22445599,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Nayeem,This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,311690,22861064,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Super Pope,"TL:DR Increase the drop rate and weapon chest spawns plox.I would love to recommend this game, I really would but unfortunately am unable to do so due to one simple thing. This game is a Rogue like. Now I'm not saying that all Rogue likes are terrible, far from it. But for a game like this it simply doesn't work.Constantly not being able to pass the first dungeon is the biggest and only gripe I have with this game. The soundtrack is phenomenal, the art style is spot on for the game play and looks wonderful, all the mechanics work. You have tons of weapons and items to play with for all play styles. (If you're lucky enough to find any but more on that later.) The biggest glaring issue I have with this game is the Rogue like, one and done system. Take 6 hits, that's it. You're done, game over, insert another token to play again. All progress, equipment, perks, all kaput.But that's not even the real problem, the real problem is being dropped into the first dungeon over and over again with no item drops, no weapons, nothing, and then being expected to beat the boss faster then it would take to just restart and clear the dungeon again in the hopes that maybe this time there will be something there to aid you.Personally to me and my friends, all this would do is aggravate us and make us not want to play the game. So for that one reason, no, I can not recommend this game at this current time as much as I would want to.From what I've read the drop rates we're even worse and were brought up to where they are now recently. Doesn't seem like enough to me, drag that slider bar on the weapon drops a bit higher and maybe I'll find my self entering the Gungeon once again."
,Recommended,311690,22816902,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Blargheon,waow
76561198059975094,Not Recommended,311690,22294484,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,7th Pillar,"First run of the game, lost to the second boss. I ain't mad. My fault.Second run of the game, go to the third level but had to quit to get to class and finds out that the game doesn't have a save function like The Binding of Issac. Okay... Weird, but I can deal with it.Other runs. Bosses seem to have more random spread attacks and gundead seem to take an extra shot to kill now since the updates. Wait, what?Okay, I'm fine with random layouts, random drops, random amount of enemies, random bosses, but when you make random attacks that forces me, the player, to use the limited resource called Blanks when incoming attacks are coming ad infinitum, you are crossing into some bad RNG territory like I found in Darkest Dungeon.As mad as I can be when I lose when playing Binding of Issac, I can only blame myself, because while the setup of each run is RNG, the enemies actions are not RNG, they are entirely predictable (this includes the bosses). So if I didn't see one enemy do their attack while fighting others and I get it, I got hit because I wasn't paying attention. But if I get hit while fighting Gattling Gull now, it was because that I was either out of Blanks, and/or that there were no good dodging directions due to RNG bullet spread. I use to be able to run in circles around him, but now running (and dodge rolling) anywhere is not safe due to RNG bullet spread. What happened?When I lose, I prefer to lose because I wasn't paying attention to something. Not because I was paying attention to everything and there was nothing I could do to stop it.I don't want to refund this game. I had fun the first few times. I could beat the first boss. It felt like I was in some large western shoot out where I was the law and the law came to bring hot lead justice!Now it feels like the game shot the sheriff and the deputy."
76561198042022665,Not Recommended,311690,22308838,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,MealsOnWheels,"Pros:Incredible level of polishControls well, responsiveAppears to have a lot of loot/weaponsCons:Many weapons feel weak and underwhelmingPassive items are largely trash (Gee thanks, a ring to stop me being attacked by mimics). Interesting synergies are few and far betweenBullet sponge enemies that having scaling HP ala Oblivion so you never feel any strongerLack of multiple difficultiesSerious balance issuesIt's got the makings of a good game but at the moment it's just too frustrating to recommend. Come back in a few months"
76561198024958973,Not Recommended,311690,25211450,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,beldrew,"I'm convinced the dev hates the people who play this game.  RNG depenent, bullet spounge enemies & bosses"
,Not Recommended,311690,22408398,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,OBDino,Not a fan of this game.
76561198296433714,Not Recommended,311690,24187102,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Green_Hydra,sooooo hard that i requested a refund
,Recommended,311690,29508451,Posted: 26 January,all,Spiks,gr8 bullet hell
,Not Recommended,311690,22499008,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Zartanios,bad rats was better game is terrible
,Not Recommended,311690,24821323,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,xijjix,"I unfortunately would not recommend Enter the Gungeon to Binding the Isaac fans, which seems to be a large part of its base. The game has a disappointing lack of synergies and lack of strategy when it comes to item selection. The Binding of Isaac has so many micro-strategy decisions outside of the actual combat that make the game intriguing to replay. Enter the Gungeon's early game does not have this. Perhaps it comes later, but it didn't hook me enough to find out. The combat is tight and polished, but ultimately unfulfilling and punishing. I really wished this game would have been more like Binding of Isaac with guns, but sadly it was not."
,Not Recommended,311690,31329388,Posted: 23 April,all,AlexMafia,Blackbomb1 is [GAY]
,Not Recommended,311690,29759977,Posted: 7 February,all,Sithious,"Don't expect to make any progress or win unless you have no life and over 200 hours to burn with complete nonsense and stress galore, that's litterly this game in a nutshell.Kinda fun and a good time waster tho, great art style, very original and creative, great humour, runs very smoothly.Don't even think of playing this if your a casual player tho or you will just be frustrated and dissapointed in alot of things, yourself included. I always consider developers of these games very unreasonable for not putting difficulty levels in so anyone can enjoy their game, let casuals be casual and die hards play hard, but sure whatever devs litterly rule out 70% of the market on yourself, genius. This game would be a whole lot better if I could at least pick what items can show up more often that you enjoy getting and that actually help you or at least have some way to give myself a slightly better chance to reach the end boss, i'm not asking alot. This game is fair at times but then brutally unfair at other times, it's actually pretty consistently inconsistent and you learn that the hard way over and over again, it's not a fun or reasonable way to teach a player how to play your game and never should be, ill always stand by that. Punishing someone for not knowing something is the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥move in the universe.Anyone that says 'git gud' is a try hard moron that needs to get a life, not everyone has 200 hours to burn and unspeakable amounts of patience and the resolve of a shoalin monk that sits in his mums basement playing pixel art video games all day to the point where they can play this in their sleep, that's absurd, 10 hours in and this game is so repedative I want to blow my brains out but I keep coming back and seeing if I can get lucky, meh, maybe I will some day. I only paid around 5 dollars for this so it's not that painful, I could think of worse.As always get it on sale and it's not that big of a loss if you don't enjoy it as much as hardcore players that have no life and sit playing one game for litterly months which is what this game seems to encourage, which is humouring. Remember the days old people say that video games rot your brain? Well im pretty sure that will happen if you play this game for over 300 hours just to have a chance of getting to the final boss lmao.If there was a middle yes and no recommend I would choose it so I guess ill just go for no for now becuase this game really is fruitless and futilie and seems to expect and love wasting your time and effort, ill never have the patience to put unspeakable hours of my life into it enough to predict and know every single thing so any attempts I make are just going to fail, and when you know that then what is there left to keep you going, bragging right? respecting yourself? I guess if you want to be really depressed then look no further, this game has it all.Don't care if you downvote, this is geuinly how I felt playing this game and is entirely relevant for people that want to know about how you will feel for the first 10 hours of playing it until you know how to actually not die all the time. And I gurantee you will feel this way at some point while playing this game so just be weary, that's all I ask."
,Recommended,311690,22259702,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Faceless King,I played The Binding of Isaac for hundreds of hours.I played Nuclear Throne for houndreds of hours.Now I'll play Enter the Gungeon for hundreds of hours.10/10 cutest bullets ever
,Recommended,311690,22816882,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Gatto,Hunters revolver realod animation is worth the 15$ on its own.
,Recommended,311690,25322331,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,autoisd,ok
,Not Recommended,311690,29154629,Posted: 9 January,all,█║▌│║▌║▌│█,Its not that its a bad game. It just im salty from loseing so much
,Not Recommended,311690,22349386,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Jin,"All the items in game are Usless. Utilities are scarce and your starting equipment is garbage, you do no significant damage to bosses, the incriments that you acheive feel meaningless.  Im sad to say I wasnt a fan :("
,Not Recommended,311690,22576253,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Space Hitler,No
76561198261004282,Not Recommended,311690,29994786,Posted: 17 February,all,YellowpowR,Git Gud
76561198093501158,Recommended,311690,22806122,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,RippleNipple,"I'm too lazy to write a full review, so here is the short version:It's real good srsly.Also if you hold down ALT while in the menu screen everything goes blurry, for some reason."
76561198145843313,Not Recommended,311690,22518290,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Merasmouse and ze wild cadilac,how did i get here
,Not Recommended,311690,22366523,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,?,"Purple screen on launch.2 hours of my time to get it workingNow its stuck on my second monitor.Bug testing and polished user settings, what are they?"
,Recommended,311690,22491630,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,🌌☊Emerald☋🌌 csgogem.co,LOVE IT SO MUCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,311690,22602656,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,PandaWithAFedora,"too many bullets, 11/10 would play CS:GO copy again"
,Not Recommended,311690,33700518,Posted: 21 July,all,Hitler's Left Testicle,I thoroughly enjoyed the game when it runs well but the game performs horribly on lower end machines for what it's offered in terms of graphical fidelity. The devs should take a few lessons from games like Binding of Isaac and Nuclear throne in terms of optimisation.
76561198143257798,Not Recommended,311690,29067604,Posted: 6 January,all,not gay but a dollar is a dollar,"im just gonna put a list of all the bad stuff here, and the good stuff at the endthere are ""good"" weapons then there are terrible ones. and in terrible i mean its a downgrade from your pistol. this would not be such a big problem if the game gave money or keys more freely. but i need to restart the run if i get a bad weapon because its near impossible to beat the later floors with a pistolsome bosses are stupidly powerful. if you played the game then you know that on the third floor there is a tank boss, he is near impossible to beat and its not me being bad its because he destroys all cover in the room, and i died twice already becuase it was actualy impossible to dodge one of his attacks, im not even joking. and thats just the third floorthe ""skill=health"" mechanic. get this, if you kill a boss without taking damage, you get a health up. if you take a single bit of damage you do not get the health, but if you get hit on the boss then you need the health on the next floor because you are likely not skilled enough to get through it without the health.the shop. so i already told you how much i hate the item system, but when i said that money was a problem i really meant it. from what i saw the amount of money dropped is either completely randomized or is based on the time that you complete a room, if its randomized then it adds to the ""i failed the ran because the game forced me to"" effect, if its based on time, then again, you need to start a new run if you get a bad weapon because you can't get enough moneyand there is also this thing where if you shoot in the shop twice, the prices are doubled, and if you shoot three times the shop keeper starts shooting you and there are no shops for the rest of the game which just ♥♥♥♥s over someones run if he didn't know about itthere is also a wierd thing about the music, where say in the binding of isaac the music can work both in combat situations and when you are just walking around, this game counters the entire thing by adding teleporting to the mix so you don't have to walk more then 10 seconds, but if you are not in an ""active"" room in 20 seconds the music shifts to a really relaxed one. which is rather annoying, because getting to the next room takes about 25 seconds so it just destroys the mood.alright time for the good stuffthe artstylethats ittl;dr: this is the single worst game i ever played."
01010010011101010,Recommended,311690,22268557,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SebastianN#adia,Gunfire-Reloading-Gunfire-Dodgeroll-Reload-Dodgeroll-Gunfire-Next Room
,Not Recommended,311690,22311943,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Keau,"Gigantic disappointment for me,  A game so visually and technically polished yet the core gameplay and balance is not at all where it needs to be.  That's why it pains me to be posting this review.  This game has so much potential but in its current state and unless you absolutely love the gameplay (and to each their own) it is very frustrating to play.I will say I am absolutely in love with the charm of this game though.  So much heart and soul in this, the developers have a lot to be proud of for sure.  I think that's why I felt the need to post this review; I know this game is capable of being as good as the other classics of the genre, but it's just not there for me.The whole time I played this I just felt like it was missing something.  Then I came to the realization that I what it was missing was fun.  I'll keep my eye on this game in hopes that some changes are made, but if that never happens I will remember this game as ""what could have been""."
76561198063230278,Not Recommended,311690,29522807,Posted: 27 January,all,KFowles (Wifu),"Buy nuclear throne, its not that this is bad but it is really slow to get started."
,Not Recommended,311690,22295910,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Kavorka,"Things I liked -Aiming and controlling the character is very responsive.Boss fights are fun, in a Dark Souls way.Other than that, this game is just tedious. It builds on what TBoI and Nuclear Throne did, and there are a lot of similarities, but the best thing about TBoI and Nuclear Throne is that that you move through levels very quickly, and every single playthrough is wildly different despite the early levels being similar. This is where Enter the Gungeon fails. After a few runs, the first floor becomes incredibly boring. There is a way to unlock a shortcut to the other floors, but I don't get the point of skipping a whole floor when every floor houses a shop and 1-2 items/guns. Also, why would you want to start at a later floor with your mediocre starting gun? In games like these, you try to explore every single room to amass loot and items. The devs knew that the runs would get boring, so they added the shortcut mechanic, but that is just sticking a bandaid on the problem rather than coming up with something to make the initial stages of the game more interesting.The character you pick makes almost no difference. In TBoI and Nuclear Throne, each character is geared to a certain playstyle, and your tactics, even in the early levels, change a lot depending on your character. I apologize for comparing this to TBoI and Nuclear Throne again, but those comparisons are inevitable. All characters have the same amount of starting health (except for the Marine who gets 1 Armor extra), same movespeed, same dodge roll distance/style. The Hunter's starting item is pretty much useless. The Convict's item grants her bonus damage upon taking damage, but she has nothing extra to encourage a rambo playstyle. The Marine is pretty vanilla in all aspects. The Pilot has an interesting ability that reduces prices at shops, and another that grants him an extra active item slot and ammo. His starting active item is OK. The starting guns don't really change much, since all of them are pretty much the same weapon with different clip sizes. There is a shop on floor 0, but it's for unlocking items in the Gungeon rather than character upgrades (which would have actually made the early runs quicker, if not more fun).Don't grab this if you already have other roguelikes you are fond of, because this game fails at almost everything new it tries to do. I wouldn't recommend it at full price, but it's worth considering when on sale since it doesn't have any bugs or other issues."
,Not Recommended,311690,29567810,Posted: 29 January,all,BlobfishGoneWild,"They need to add multiplayerSingle player just isn't fun enough, especially when you think about how much more fun it would be with a friend :/"
76561198005332775,Not Recommended,311690,22312187,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Hurt,"Gungeon is a stylish and fun rogue-lite, but it's hard to recommend. The difficulty curve is out of whack. Early levels are repetitive and grindy, and the first level bosses are insane bullet sponges. I'll stick with Binding of Isaac."
76561198235161144,Not Recommended,311690,22309142,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,TheMoniker1,"This game has a lot of pros, but a lot of cons with it. I think some people might enjoy it, but it's definitely not for everyone.PROS:*Great Graphics*Good controls, most of the time*Cool story, atmosphere, etc.And then that brings us to the cons. Namely, the game's intense difficulty-not the good kind ""Dark Souls"" difficulty, but the kind of difficulty that can feel frustrating.In most roguelikes, loot will be around every corner, and you always feel like there's a point to moving forward. Here? That's not the case. There's only a few treasure chests on each floor, which usually contain a new gun that isn't much greater than your last one. I didn't play long, but the beginning is especially brutal. It often felt unsatisfying to clear rooms, because I'd wipe out a massive horde of enemies only to pick up a few coins afterward and have more rooms full of more hordes open, and I'd have to keep exploring if I wanted to have a hope of finding treasure.After I was finished with the tutorial, the beginning didn't impress me. Right away, I was going up against challenges that killed me many times over. The problem was that each room didn't feel satisfying to beat. There's no EXP/level system, and exploring made me feel weaker rather than stronger, because I kept losing health.And that's another problem. This game's normal rooms aren't hard, per se... but they ARE unforgiving. You can't let your guard down for even a moment, because you have an extremely limited amount of health, and there's very, very few ways to restore it. Every minor slip-up caused aggravation rather than an encouragement to do better.The boss fights were especially brutal. Odds are, you entered them injured (no health restoration given beforehand), and then faced hordes of bullets, with your main reliable method of dodging them being your ""roll"" ability, which has you use invincibility frames to get through bullet patterns instead of finding clever ways to walk through them.I imagine you could get into this game and really enjoy it, if you were an incredibly skilled player. But if you're expecting a smooth difficulty curve and lots of loot, then you might want to pass this one up."
76561197980411330,Not Recommended,311690,22311913,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,AppleDoge,"Guns don't kill people.Ridiculously hard Rouge-likes do.Look it up bro, this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t probably gives out more heart attacks than mcdonalds."
,Not Recommended,311690,25357851,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Akka,"Thanks for the free game, rat fink!An ammo crate spawned at the beginning of a level when I had full bullets. I come back at the end to wisely collect it and whoops it's been stolen, just like all my patience for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.A tedious, plodding mess that slams you into a wall demanding you find decent weapons or you fail miserably.Refunded."
,Recommended,311690,22282807,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Sfsk.,reminds me of how casual i am
76561198063230454,Not Recommended,311690,34826776,Posted: 8 September,all,Onion,"Controller support is a mess.  Input lag, dropped input, poor layout.  Needs a major workaround just to be able to play it."
,Not Recommended,311690,22350248,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,A Sinister Pile of Leaves,Very very disapointed it is only local co-op. If I had IRL friends I wouldn't need Steam!!
76561198359777279,Not Recommended,311690,32049140,Posted: 29 May,all,FieryFennekinz,"See, Enter the Gungeon Is a great game, but due to its insane difficulty it slows down the feeling of ""fun"" basically what I am saying is, please make an easy mode or something due to that, best regards."
,Recommended,311690,22263333,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bukkey,"While everyone's busy trying to progress through the game, I'm busy flipping every table on every floor.Also, I go back to the tutorial to bully Manuel countless times.I think he secretly likes being bullied."
,Not Recommended,311690,23847130,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,eg,"Difficulty, difficulty, difficulty.Where can I start?This game is honestly just too hard, coming from someone who has godhead in Isaac and looped many times in nuclear throne.Why is it so bad? Lets start with the dodge rolls.If you dodge roll, there is about a second before it is actually executed, then you roll, stand up, and almost always die because of the HORRIBLE bullet placement that makes the game practically impossible.GunsUnique, funny, horrible, punny, etc.Enemies.Too much health and fire rateBossesWay too tanky at first and way to trashy during and after floors 4 5 and 6GraphicsFine"
,Not Recommended,311690,22446844,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,etter proster gechba,♥♥♥♥♥♥ NUCLEAR THRONE RIP OFF THAT IS SLOW AS ♥♥♥♥ WITH USELESS MECHANICS LIKE DODGE ROLL AND TABLE FLIPS AND ALSO THE MUSIC SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥♥AND IS BORING AS ♥♥♥♥ AND ITS PIXEL ART WHICH HAS NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE... NOT!!! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME BUY NUCLEAR THRONE INSTEAD GUARANTEE YOU WILL SINK MORE HOURS INTO IT AND HAVE A BETTER TIME
76561197980905598,Not Recommended,311690,29612601,Posted: 31 January,all,Clericopter,"I really wanted to like this game. And it's really fun to play, in the short-term. But a slew of baffling, mean-spirited design decisions keep it from being enjoyable in the long run."
76561198087027281,Not Recommended,311690,24758863,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Orange Juice,shades and smiley are too hard to beat if you don't kill one of them fast otherwise your f*cked during the boss fight making it IMPOSSIBLE to win against them.
76561197960360859,Not Recommended,311690,24538144,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Old Le Perv,"Game is ""ok"" but grindy and boring and repetetive as fak. Go play nuclear throne, less rng , more skill , no huge boring levels without any enemies......TL;DR: Pacing of the game is total trash, bores one quickly."
,Not Recommended,311690,24133791,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,lemon,why no chinese
,Recommended,311690,22847945,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Adlumia,memes
,Not Recommended,311690,33237594,Posted: 4 July,all,Pie,"i like the style and bullet hell of this game, the punny characters aswell, but i dont understand why you have to start again when you die, it took me so long to get to floor 2 and i died before the boss, this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off im going to refund as i know i will brake my hand and headset if i play any more"
,Not Recommended,311690,29560857,Posted: 29 January,all,Boy♂Next♂Door,this is the worst controller suppoerted game in 2017
,Recommended,311690,34799615,Posted: 7 September,all,TeniaToDa,Gud
,Not Recommended,311690,24002456,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Derpblast,An ok game other than the fact it doesn't support online co-op.
76561198055635166,Not Recommended,311690,24266594,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,BMK clantix,"Takes heavy inspiration from binding of isaac, mixing ti with some nuclear throne. I would reccomend geting either of those two instead of this one."
76561198081646173,Recommended,311690,29507235,Posted: 26 January,all,MisamizA,Very Good Games !!!
76561197973173986,Recommended,311690,29540405,Posted: 28 January,all,Zaltmann,ok
,Recommended,311690,25335571,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,nuko,yeah
,Not Recommended,311690,22305658,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Leglock,"For a complete game, lacks of content.  After an hour of playing, I was bored as hell.I got so hyped about this title... The final product didn´t fill my expectations.If in the future this game change the boring unrewarthly sistem, I will change my review.Until then, thumbs down."
76561198040940902,Not Recommended,311690,22301886,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,bubbles,"It's actually just not fun.It has all the love put into it of a Vlambeer game but without any actual gameplay. The character move speed is slow and the levels are way,waytoo big. All the guns are innacurate and weak; They feel like pea shooters. The bosses are bullet sponges with random attacks thrown in. There is nothing at all satisfying about this game.This game doesn't have the best gunplay, dungeon crawling, or roguelite action of any other game in the genre. It's a mediocre mix of the three."
,Not Recommended,311690,32675512,Posted: 23 June,all,Cory,Everything that this game tries to do is done better by another roguelike somewhere out there. I didn't find it very interesting and ended up refunding it.
,Not Recommended,311690,35170192,Posted: 23 September,all,Gay Fax,"I do not recommend this game. Why? Because that:1. Game is boring: an ultimative slowly gameplay. So many 'just run alone in vanished rooms'. (Nuclear Throne gameplay is better)2. Crappy random mechanics: rate of dropping helpful guns is very small. Very. Small. VERY. (The original Binding of Isaac has a better RNG, and the sequel has a better RNG x10)3. I don't like bullet-hell dodging. HATE THIS. Dodging in Dark Souls is more simple than here.4. GRIND. Ow yes, I love grind just for a grind. (No.)5. This game is a first game where I use a middle finger gesture after an each game death. Really.6. Music makes me nervous too.7. I bought this for a full price.And now about pros:1. Graphics are cute.2. Very big pool of items (RNG says NO for your wishes about using all of them)3. I can delete this and post a negative feedback. I hope devs will read this (and will not do nothing of course).I wanted to love this game but I can not. Sad but true. RMB -> Delete."
,Not Recommended,311690,27714630,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,i can click,"Fun game, 8/10 for content.However, the tutorial is almost useless and gives 0 indication of the fact that NPCs exist. Nor do any NPCs function properly; the supposed 'elevator repairman' didn't do anything. The boss currency shop doesn't give me the items I buy."
76561198007275331,Not Recommended,311690,29495975,Posted: 25 January,all,JDZ5,"The fun dies out when you realize you won't make it past the certain floors no matter how many keys, weapons, or hearts because that's all based on luck. Which normally wouldn't bother me, but.. The coop is unforgiving. Single player gives you more hearts, better weapons, keys, obvious do more damage. But as soon as you jump into co-op, wow. I can't see anyone making it past the 3rd floor. I like going into battles mindless at first, then if I have to buckle down and really understand the mechanics to get further I will. The point where the mindless repetition is supposed to pay-off never happens, which is my biggest problem with this game. There was no progression for a very long time, like hitting a brick wall.That being said I had a real fun time discovering new enemies, enjoying the art, and even the secrets were fun to explore. Fun for some people looking for couch co-op games and who like the odds stacked up against them. Like wow."
76561198102758485,Not Recommended,311690,22804181,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,The George Lucas,Was looking for a fun drop in/drop out game. The game should advertise that making progress on the game is impossible. A refund sure would be nice.
76561198229570496,Not Recommended,311690,22332441,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,HarukawaMaki,I don't know why this game doesn't run well on my Mac. The screen is dark all the time.
76561198090316897,Not Recommended,311690,28284365,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Malh,"Just like a few other games played by Team Four Star I was nterested in trying it out, so I got it on sale and I'm sorry but this game is a joke in terms of dodge the bullets, it's way too hard for people getting into it. and The forums on Steam and a few others are toxic with people saying ""Git Gud"" this game is infuriating no matter how much you try because there is too many enemy bullets to dodge while waiting to reload your gun. and the pay out on the rooms are too low to start [such as health and small ammounts of money] No I find this is one of those trashy indie games that punishes the player by using it's own mecahnics againest them [such as crappy stuff in the gun store, backfiring items or less moving space and rolling into enemy bullets when tryign to evade other bullets] I mean yes I know it's tagged as Difficult but this is just stupid.Binding of Isaac, Rogue's Legacy and Darkest Dungeon are of a lot better for your money espically if your not an evade the bullets kind of personThe only way I can suggest this game to friends is if they're the ""Oh well I tried"" kind of person or are one of thsoe people who into punishing/demoralizing themselves"
76561198387861773,Not Recommended,311690,32687791,Posted: 23 June,all,l.lancel,"Not rewarding enough for the amount of punishment in the game. Only one in a hundred games is a good run, and even then there's a high possibility of dying at the high dragun, the past or the lich. I'm sad i bought this game, since it has been a waste of money."
76561198091744754,Not Recommended,311690,32756128,Posted: 24 June,all,chryskwa,"Not a bad game, but the controls just didn't work well on my controller which made it frustrating to play.  Playing with a keyboard was ok, but aiming on the keyboard was kind of tedious.  i think if the mapping on the controller was better it'd be fun to play through.  The tutorial was well done."
76561198036412483,Not Recommended,311690,32676851,Posted: 23 June,all,Memphis_E,"It's not as fun as it looks. The gameplay is pretty but the bosses are so healthy you get shredded half of the boss fights depending on what boss you get. The game is ""Feast or Famine"" and you mostly starve and will struggle to get to the 3rd floor leaving you annoyed to see it end so early. For me personally it just wasn't fun, it looked awesome but it played way way less awesome. I requested a refund after trying for 1 hours to find enjoyment out of it.When you die you lose everything and start back at floor 1 and you will die a lot. I never got any of the insane guns you see in the videos it always just gave me crap also, prolly just bad luck but you just feel underpowered in this game and it's sad to see cause I felt this game had potiential to be a favorite of mine but I regret purchasing it even at half price."
,Recommended,311690,22643207,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,נυℓу,"Got bored after getting the Lead God achievement in just 14 hours. While the game's concept is potentially brilliant, the devs need to make much-needed changes to maintain it's appeal and playability. Fans are the life of a game, and for us to stay, here's what needs to happen:Jammed enemies should be sprawling in every room, including the shops and in Breach. In fact, jammed enemies at the start menu wouldn't be a bad idea either. Entitled players need to work just to begin playing this game. There is no free lunch.The health system should be revamped to where health is reduced every time you run through a mag, pause, or use a blank. This should happen until you have exactly 1 pip of health left, in which case the deductions stop and you are free to use blanks, shoot bullets or pause without fear of losing health. This is to punish the unskilled who think they have it easy, that they can just gratuitously run through a clip or tend to real life priorities like it's nothing.Boss areas are way too spacious. Devs should either increase boss size (about 85.5% of the screen) or decrease room size to the point where claustrophobia starts kicking in. On that note, having Gungeoneers suffer from various illnesses would take this game to the next level of epic. For example, Gungeoneers could suffer from claustrophobia in the form of debuffs when treading across cramped spaces for extended periods. Or shooting too much could lead to blood-lust where you completely lose control of your character while it empties precious mags for several seconds. This would bring some kind of realism to the game while upping its fun factor.Items are game-breaking and even insulting in most cases. Just look at the Elder Blank or the Super Hot watch, two out of many items that make an already easy game mind-numbingly easier. The devs seem to forget that they're appealing to bullet hell players, not MOBA players who need their hands held all the time through items. This system should be replaced or removed entirely, and if it stays, the devs should nerf all items and patch-in a formal apology at the start menu, readable only after you clear it of jammed mobs.Enemy projectiles should be bigger (about 20.3% of the screen) and faster, almost instantaneous. Bullets should be literally blanketing the screen with super narrow room to maneuver. I mean seriously, there's so much space in this game that you can hosts two superbowls each with their own tailgate parties in every room. This isn't a game about jump-rope, it's a game where pure skill and reflexes determine whether you advance or not.Finally, the Resourceful Rat should be able to steal every drop and not just ammo in order to be true to its name. Anybody can't live-off ammo alone and call themselves resourceful. Besides, this is a hostile world where finders must be keepers while losers are deservedly weepers. You forgot to pick up the much needed heart because you're having too much fun? That's your fault, and the game should make sure you know this and learn from your stupid mistake. There are no second chances in life.Overall, it's a fairly playable game that just needs minor tweaks to make it reach its true potential. The devs just need to quit being punanies by watering down an already easy game for the less-skilled and the crybabies.7/10"
,Not Recommended,311690,23956301,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,t0xic,Its a little too hard and grinding isn't satisfying. purchasing it was a mistake if indeed you like it just watch someone play it on youtube.
76561198327151265,Not Recommended,311690,29753384,Posted: 6 February,all,Bobby05271,oh my god hardest game in the world how could anyone finish this
76561198067177168,Not Recommended,311690,22367544,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,MaHaBone,Tedious and repetitive.  Dont believe the hype.
,Not Recommended,311690,22333160,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Sla manokkk,my game doesn't works... when i click open the game the computer screen just stays pitch black. what do i do?
,Not Recommended,311690,28882497,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Saaausage,"It's a good game, but I refunded it because of how similar it is to nuclear throne."
76561198141400459,Not Recommended,311690,22296385,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,jflash23,"At this point, the game is  not worth it. The lack of progress, lack of gun drops/health just make the game slightly too difficult to be fun. They should implement a system similar to Rogue Legacy, where you can level up and be better off after every run. The game is still fun, the music is great and the mechanics are fine."
,Not Recommended,311690,22489359,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,AishaLove,"Way to difficult, it's punishing just for the hell of it with no avenue for even moderately skilled players to have any fun. It also seems the devs refuse to even consider easier game modes for less skilled players.I understand it's supposed to be hard but this is unplayable."
76561198045550631,Not Recommended,311690,29730152,Posted: 5 February,all,PussPtrlr,If you wanna keep dying to the most random untelegraphed bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ever then go ♥♥♥♥ing right ahead and torture yourself with this game
,Not Recommended,311690,28549344,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,meoman,Seems this was made to be frustrating and not challenging. I don't think I'm going to find time for this one.
76561198116022384,Not Recommended,311690,22803482,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,ryjani,"Do yourself a favor and save your money for something better, much better. My first gripe with this ""game"" is that whatever character you choose will be slow and clunky. Yes, the control is responsive. It just feels like it should be more polished in terms of maneuverability. But the most important issue is the sheer stubborness of this ""game"" to give out any frickin' guns that don't need constant reloading. If levels, weapons, and loot are random why not the starting weapons too?This game could be decent but it just kills itself with an over emphasis on reloading. Christ, just thinking about any kind of pistol in this game makes me wish the earth would explode. I can't effectively articulate how dreadful and monotonous it is to reload every two seconds because the game refuses to dish out any weapons worth using. Chests suck. The shop sucks. Maybe if you're a witch you could be lucky and conjure up something funcional. If you do, kudos. Then go fight a boss with the reloader, I mean pistol. It already feels like an eternity to kill regular foes with the pistol, but boss battles with the pistol feel like writing a novel that is written by engraving it on stone tablets with a chisel.Hell, I'd say about a third of the guns I've come across are one shot then reload. Frickin' seriously? Shooting stuff hasn't been this tedious since soldiers used muskets in the Revolutionary War. I once saw a video of someone getting to level nine without the sword on the first Legend of Zelda. And that's what this game reminds me of, an unnecessary lesson in tedium. Make the game tough as nails but give people a reason to play through it.This game should be focused solely on a white knuckle intense experience. Instead, you get one very long reloading tutorial. As a warning, you have to play the actual tutorial. This is where you will get first hand experience at how much it will suck to shoot that cursed pistol.Don't let the developer of this reload fest take your money and laugh at you like they did to me. Run. Run far away from this reloading fest. Never look back. Just. Run. Away.If you've taken my advice you are now fifteen dollars better off. You're welcome.Oh yeah, and way to copy the Ninja Gaiden 2 (NES) fortress on the game's opening screen! Way to be creative development team! You're the best! My profile pic shows the comparison. The left side of the pic shows my Ninja Gaiden 2 Nintendo Power from May of 1991. The right side of the pic is the start screen from Enter The Reloadfest (the skull entrance came out a little bit too bright, oh well). If you're going to blatently rip off a game, maybe you should choose one that isn't part of one of the most well known franchises ever."
,Not Recommended,311690,26626897,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,i2w | Gir,"2/10 its like a worse isaac and the game doesnt give you any satisfaction in anything, there is a strong starting difficulty curve and even when your in the swing of it its just not satisfying"
76561198008325037,Not Recommended,311690,32161310,Posted: 3 June,all,enzYm,enter the bug-geonrarely seen a more luck-based and unfair game
,Not Recommended,311690,30086969,Posted: 21 February,all,DangerJordan,Beaten every dark souls multiple timesenjoyed dont starve and rogue legacythis game is too hard
76561198166620870,Not Recommended,311690,24787085,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"The gameplay is okay.The game itself feels uninspired and unoriginal. It really has no soul, it's a Binding Of Isaac clone and I felt it was over-rated so I refunded.It's cute but the only thing I dug was the music, and that wasn't enough."
,Not Recommended,311690,29212830,Posted: 12 January,all,Fraxouille,"So the dumbasses who made this game didn't realise that A LOT OF PEOPLE DOESN'T USE QWERTY KEYBOARDS ! And of course, I can't change the controls because it only let me assign stupid xbox or ps4 buttons. WTF!?!"
,Not Recommended,311690,31886121,Posted: 21 May,all,Mark Venturelli,I wish the shooting was good =/
,Not Recommended,311690,32377425,Posted: 12 June,all,Tootmander,"For a game about guns, you don't get very many of them.The least they could do is  have more than one gun per area."
76561198052384313,Not Recommended,311690,24224031,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,15039,There is no saving after you complete a level. Stuck at level 1 forever.
76561198014820535,Not Recommended,311690,33115338,Posted: 1 July,all,BringOutYourDead,"Collisions dont match up with pixel art:= Get cought on walls collision dont match up art= Bullets have its own collisions, wall have small collision vs bullets (Thinking you behing wall when you aint),cant judge wall art for collision representationNo after death bounuses1/10 on average runs weapons/items/passives will spawn on levelNice game when collision detection doesn't dik's you over, YOU'LL FEEL CHEATED."
76561198233554900,Not Recommended,311690,22802457,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,PotatoJohn,How do you return a game? The game just shows a black screen when start it.
,Not Recommended,311690,23321731,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Mr.Goldberg,Came expecting Nuclear throne+ ended up with a boring shooter
76561198059666504,Not Recommended,311690,23798462,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Willy Wonka,AbSoLuTe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198028133645,Recommended,311690,29507678,Posted: 26 January,all,Far out,Awesome.
76561198072026241,Recommended,311690,28745077,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cyral Drive,Maybe
,Not Recommended,311690,22332843,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,JW,"my mac cant run this game the game page is purple , black and green how do i fix it ?"
,Not Recommended,311690,22293970,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,nyfienyne,"Great concept, great animations, great level design, great graphical style, great music. However, the game suffers from unfair difficulty leaving the player to depend heavily on terrible RNG. Needs to take a lesson from BOI. Please patch this."
,Not Recommended,311690,31604322,Posted: 7 May,all,Kdansky,"I really want to like and recommend it, but I cannot. Being forced to restart after every death, and having to play the same first two floors over and over and over without any good guns or items just gets incredibly boring after a while. If you don't get a lucky early gun, you will be bored for twenty minutes straight before you are back playing the interesting part of the game.This is not about the difficulty. Difficult games are fine. This is about wasting my time with the first floors, again and again and again. Many rogue-likes have this problem, but Gungeon is very extreme, because its levels are long, and the enemies have a ton of HP.Really all that is required to fix it is to give out a mediocre or better gun at the start, making the first level more fun and less of a grind.Let me say it again: This is not about the difficulty. This is about being boring. Git Gud does not fix the boring. The first floor is still boring, even if you're good at it."
,Not Recommended,311690,22332118,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Al Djeafnte,"Cool, someone erased my previous review.  Good to know that the positive review count isn't inflated.Game feels both like it's untested and still in beta.  Changes are being made, but you're basically buying EA.It's at least 90% RNG and the 10% skill that remains is pretty tempered by the RNG."
,Recommended,311690,22252379,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,[RD] Tagteam,Best game everproslots of ammolots of gunsconsnot enough time in the world
76561198073605989,Not Recommended,311690,22308936,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,tigerpow100,Game has been falsely advertisedIt's not fun though this is my own opinion so if u hate this don't be a salty butt pirate
76561198075172027,Not Recommended,311690,22307915,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,lobozo,no online co op 0/10
76561198093237042,Not Recommended,311690,32775204,Posted: 25 June,all,Houston Red/Blue,please nerf ammoconda
76561198052218666,Not Recommended,311690,22286675,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,GreenGear,"Really fun for the first few rounds... Then the game changes your control scheme without telling you, and with no way to turn it back. This has lead to several hours of frustration, trying to revert it. From what I've read, this is 'intended' to make the game more difficult, but really, is just incredible stupid. If I wanted the game to be more difficult because of a more annoying control scheme, I'd play with a god damn dance pad.The game is really fun, but this has frustrated me to the point that I can't enjoy it any more unless it's fixed, and therefore I can't recommend it either"
76561198175445865,Not Recommended,311690,33618224,Posted: 17 July,all,freefood024,"the game's biggest problem is it's difficulty and random generation. as soon as you get past the first boss you better pray that the next level gives you enough money to buy health pickups and armor let alone just giving them after clearing room cuz the enemies that it most likely throw at you are going to deal out attacks impossible to dodge unless the room accounts for that which in itself is 50/50 each time.you think the creators adding a save option after clearing a boss was going remeady this, but really no, it's more of one time use thing.you can get better at this game but gonna hate getting there after seeing the first level so many times."
,Recommended,311690,29508049,Posted: 26 January,all,Pepus,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥its good
76561198012663851,Not Recommended,311690,33434135,Posted: 10 July,all,HanWh6619,"it doesnt work with my controller even though it says ""full controller support"".so i just dont recommend this game"
76561198114628189,Not Recommended,311690,29790183,Posted: 8 February,all,Zirus Blackheart,"This game WOULD be superb but the difficulty is set too damn high! It's easy to get to the boss including going to all the rooms to get the extra wep(s) etc but the boss's are too tough!It took me enough trys to beat lvl 1 (single player) and then when i did, got to the boss in lvl 2 and died and then had to start from lvl 1 again!ordinarily im a fan of 1-life-games where you have to start over but definitely not this one!"
76561198139687177,Not Recommended,311690,35380921,Posted: 1 October,all,nobodys_pope,"This game is frustratingly difficult. It's a fun concept and well executed, but unless you already love bullet hell games, I can't recommend it."
76561198155833449,Not Recommended,311690,30182492,Posted: 25 February,all,not spaghetti,"Look man, just buy nuclear throne instead.It's not bad, just worse than Nuclear Throne"
,Not Recommended,311690,23296901,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,TryhardTravis,"If I wanted to die and waste my time so much, I'd go play this game or spelunky.1/10"
,Not Recommended,311690,29775881,Posted: 7 February,all,Oriax The Dragon,"Here is my review:Good Aesthetic +1Amazing soundtrack +1Gameplay -1Broken Game mechanics -1Classic Grind without actual progression -1Lack of intro, and directions to broken game mechanics -1No difficulty setting -1Final score: 2/10I will not get a refund, because it is fun to look at and listen to. Overall it's not a bad game. HOWEVER, if you like broken game mechanics like dodging (Which the game heavily relies on) and pulling your hair out at how you dodged the bullet that somehow still managed to hit you. (I have recorded a few instances where this happened and slowed down the footage, In a game where you must be exactly perfect on movement. Its hard to not laugh at how terrible it is.) I can't stress this enough, it looks fun and that's mainly all it is is looks and a decent soundtrack."
76561198216007204,Not Recommended,311690,28738454,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kgamer,"really really hard, it's fun but dont exspect to finish it."
,Not Recommended,311690,30064464,Posted: 20 February,all,def,i asmd the worst palsthjer in tadae word;
76561198010462419,Not Recommended,311690,22331722,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Psyche,wq
,Not Recommended,311690,31319822,Posted: 23 April,all,"Tobias,B","almost a good game, but they force you to not strategice by punishing you if you try. you get far to meny weapons with no way of setting them up properly so in the end you can newer get the weapon you need for the right time, if you chose not to pick weapons up you will run out of bullets. not becouse the game dont give you bullets it do, ofthen at bad times so you need to pick up 10 shots for your 500 bullet gun. instead of comming back lather ofthen to be stolen becouse you tryed to be smart. and the game will♥♥♥♥♥♥on you for doing so."
,Recommended,311690,22252924,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ﾝ ﾐ ｵ Ｓ Ａ Ｃ Ｈ Ｉ,If Binding of Issac and Nuclear Throne had a baby it would be called Enter the Gungeon.Great game.
,Recommended,311690,22782756,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Pubgee {GAME REVIEWER},">Bought the game>Got angry>Refunded it>84weeks later, Bought the game.>Got bored and bought Collector's Edition>Wont stop playingI love bullet hells but not rogue like indie bullet hells. But i love this one. It seperates itself from everything else. BUY COLLECTOR'S EDITION FOR BEST EXPERINCE."
76561198082920836,Not Recommended,311690,30208399,Posted: 26 February,all,William The Fox,Its ok but the main problem is that there is no ONLINE mutliplayer just local
,Not Recommended,311690,28629079,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sans is real 2017,not 2 gucci
76561197998745575,Not Recommended,311690,25876396,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[ECU] Trinity,This game looks like it would be fun however there is a great deal of emphasis on the ability to evade damage. It makes the game play different from other games and does not add to the fun. The weapon you start with does not enough damage and the bosses have too much health and too many ways to kill you.
76561197970538611,Not Recommended,311690,31139473,Posted: 14 April,all,Westenra,"One of those ""play it 'till you hate it"" type of games. An above-average top-down rogue-like twin-stick. Environmental damage is particularly admirable; books, tables and other background items fly all over the place during fights. Clever use of cover and frequent dodge-rolling is integral. Guns are varied, each with their own perks and disadvantages. The cartoonish NRA art design is cute, as are the odd attempts at humor. Lots of interesting secrets and unlockables. I also appreciated the convenient fast-travel system-- it's easy to leap back and forth across the map using evenly placed portals in case you need to visit the shop or explore a missed room.Unfortunately, as with most games of this type, the difficulty wore me down after a while. I got bored of not being able to get past the third or forth dungeon, even after 50+ attempts, just because I got a bad roll. Enter the Gungeon suffers from that fatal flaw that is so prevelent in these types of titles: punishing you for doing well. The better you do, the harder the game gets, which defeats the point of doing well. Why should I hope to roll a powerful loadout if the game is just going to match my loadout? This isn't Binding of Isaac, where you could just restart over and over until you got the explosive tears and cheese through to the end.Still waiting for a rogue-like that addresses this strange design choice. For that reason alone, despite the fun, frantic gameplay and stellar presentation, I cannot in good conscience recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,311690,29623725,Posted: 1 February,all,kekofwater,"My girlfriend and I play these games a lot. While I am a fan of this one, it was extremely clear to me that she was only playing it to spend time with me. I am no means complaining about that, but she was not enjoying Enter the Gungeon. Since I bought this specifically for her and I to play, I ended up returning it because I had no intentions of playing it single player. Game seems fun, seems to lack a story, but you always have a goal. The way the map works reminds me of the classic zelda games which I appreciated.While the game seems to be well made, if the only way to play this game is single player I can not recommend it as I felt the content for one person is lacking. If you can find someone to play this with you, I could see it being fun.Side note: Great soundtrack!"
76561198117109113,Not Recommended,311690,33412114,Posted: 9 July,all,DeadSwimSuit,It's super repetitive
,Recommended,311690,22254319,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bouillon,More table flipping than a man can handle.
76561198110450849,Not Recommended,311690,24030622,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,saawalk,it's the bear bones of a game
,Not Recommended,311690,22966198,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Eathren,"Enter the Gungeon? I'm really feeling more like ""Enter the Done-geon"". As in, done with this game, buy with care."
76561198281999872,Not Recommended,311690,26053295,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,PejTehY00sh,I h8 this game nothing saves it is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198099142564,Not Recommended,311690,33978591,Posted: 2 August,all,Collis,After 10 hours it just feels too hard for me I dont like that the game has the same premise as binding of isaac. *start the floor look for the gun go to the boss*. A game just isnt fun if you cant get past the second level.
,Not Recommended,311690,22848930,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mango Man,"There's no satisfaction in this game, everything is handed to you. You can clear bullets off the screen, dodge roll, start with items and a gun with infinite ammo. The art is nice but it's just way too easy. Pick up Nuclear Throne instead. Nuclear Throne takes the same ideas and makes it actually fun to play."
,Not Recommended,311690,34713194,Posted: 3 September,all,SakuraMaple,"TL;DR - Controls suck.I want to like this, I really do.  The idea is neat, the sound is amazing, here's the thing....There's no way to change the controls if you use a controller.  If you use a keyboard, the style of movement (think Smash TV from decades ago), will cramp your fingers in no time.  But the Fire button is Lbutton.  Why can't it be LTrigger??  Why can't you even have the option to make it LTrigger?I bought this a long time ago and come back to it from time to time, but each time the controls are just too bad.Give us a way to change the controller configuration and this game would be one of my favourites in my library."
76561197989082873,Not Recommended,311690,22291193,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,jamesjayce,"Needs some work. Would have benefited from Early access tuning a la Nuclear Throne.Bones are there, but has a ways to go."
76561198029403467,Not Recommended,311690,25388073,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,way too hard for me.
76561198124281877,Not Recommended,311690,23342797,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,吉田爽葉香,No Online Co-op bad game. Will notgive thumbs up untill it get's patched in.
,Not Recommended,311690,23355988,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Wingmann,GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
76561198131940328,Not Recommended,311690,28740867,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Reaper,Honestly this game was wayto hard for me I guess it could be good if you're good at the game but i could never get past thesecond level.P.S if you get triggered easily  DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME I did and I always almost broke something.
,Not Recommended,311690,33902016,Posted: 30 July,all,Douglas,It's quite a piece of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mate.
76561198039533715,Not Recommended,311690,31373525,Posted: 26 April,all,Bozgaalof,"The difficulty level of this game is designed for people who do not have a job or other duties and can commit many hours in single session to keep improving your skill.  There are NO difficulty setting in this game.  Something as simple as having extra life, but reduced gold earning on easier difficulty would have made this game a lot of fun.  Many other games do these kind of difficulty as you are rewarded when you crank up the difficulty.  It also bridges the skill gap as someone can play on easy difficulty and then transition on higher difficulty to get more gold and better equipment.I want to play more and explore the dungeon more, but I simply can not progress far.  It is very disappointing as this looks to be a fun game.  This game reminds me of Starcraft. Its was only fun if you have 100+ APM or else it was exercise in frustration."
,Not Recommended,311690,22854407,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,KeK,No online coop
76561198072249573,Not Recommended,311690,30214580,Posted: 26 February,all,himalayansalt,"EVERONE THAT SAID THIS GAME WAS TOO HARD SAID EASY MODE BS WOULD NOT RUIN THE GAME, GUESS WHAT IT HAS. YOU CAN'T TURN IT OFF. WHY NOT MAKE ORIGINAL DIFFICULTY MODE, YOU GUYS ORIGINALLY SAID YOU WOULD NOT PATCH THE GAME TO BE EASIER. NICE SAVE FEATURE YOU TWITS. This was and still is one of my all time top 5 favourite games, but HOLY ♥♥♥♥ devolver. I am sad at how easy they made the game, absolutly uncalled for huge nerfs on all bosses, insanley increased item/chest/key drop, new special enemies that drop keys that spawn constantly. The game was amazing for its FAIR difficulty, when you got hit or died it was your fault!! Now they've gone back and made ALL the enemies ai easier, they will not shoot if they spawn next to you (after a 4 seconds spawn animation, they then procceed to wait till your at a safe distance to shoot or till about another 5 seconds) This is litterally because all these insanely casual gamer came in (parents mostly) and complained they couldnt see the special ending they were so invested in after playing for a month.♥♥♥♥♥♥right off, WHY NOT MAKE A DAMN ""ORIGINAL MODE"""
,Not Recommended,311690,22330165,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,NeoRizer,"A broken unbalanced mess that needs patch work.Only local co-op because netcode is something the 90's cavemans figured out but they have since gone extinct and the information has been lost to time.Huge time sink... I mean.. HUDGE... with a D in there... and caps locks.Obnoxiously cryptic secrets... check my guide out, you'll be glad you did.Rip your nut sack hair out inducing frustrations...If you think the 5th chamber boss is impossible to beat... You haven't seen anything yet."
76561198110477623,Not Recommended,311690,29787233,Posted: 8 February,all,rifflejd,"boring, annoying mechanics, pathetic attempt at rouge-like"
76561198141342158,Not Recommended,311690,31282416,Posted: 21 April,all,Bleach,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and you get shot threw walls and if u get on fire ur dead no matter what
,Not Recommended,311690,23128753,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,hatty,i hate video games
,Not Recommended,311690,33985025,Posted: 2 August,all,Rileyy,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,311690,22288511,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,shaminy,"Played 65 minutes and the applied for refund. Didn't enjoy the gameplay at all. Too much rolling bullets for my taste and aiming with controller very hard compared to mouse and there for much too hard game for me, coz I like to play with Controller on bigscreen.Visaully it was ok."
76561198082546794,Not Recommended,311690,22294756,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,seeme737,really wish i could save saw people play this game and they made it look easy iv played for an hour and have not made it past lv1 im done i think i just cant seem to win at all
76561198286993499,Not Recommended,311690,25561321,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Geo_krit,"The game is too difficult, how is a game fun or good if it's too difficult"
76561198013288843,Not Recommended,311690,29897067,Posted: 13 February,all,qowp332,too hard
,Not Recommended,311690,22288378,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,iceraider69,"I would probably give this a thumbs up if it weren't overwhelmingly positive.  My contrarian point however is a good one.  The replay value of this videogame is diminshed due to its difficulty.  I have completed many rouge games like Binding of Issac, Rogue Legacy, Nuclear Throne, etc.  The problem with the Gungeon is that I find myself literally heading to the menu to execute without even trying to compete with the first boss in level 1.  Without extremely rare drops, progression into level 2 and subsequent levels is nearly impossible.  The ""Normal mode"" of the game seems to be comparable to ""Nightmare mode"" of its compitition.   The foundation, the music, the characters, all of the other aspects of this game are done incredibly.  The game simply has no replay value for me because of the inability to advance.  I had a rouge friend of mine join me thinking we could do it together.  During our 10 runs, we made it level 2 once.  I also noticed that the in game currency was greatly reduced when playing with another player, making it even harder to advance.  I hope that in the future they nerf the normal mode and allow gamers to see all of the content that they have created."
76561198042828700,Recommended,311690,32320264,Posted: 10 June,all,yur dentist,░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█ Help░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█ Doge░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█ Take░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌ Over░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█ Steam▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌ Copy█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐█ And█▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█ Paste▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌DO IT.█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐
,Not Recommended,311690,25472259,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,VirgoBro,"Unplayably difficult for new people, not engaging or addictive enough to keep playing."
76561198010800416,Not Recommended,311690,29532652,Posted: 27 January,all,:TF: AC/DC Freak,"This games difficulty is way too intesne for me. im aware this game is pretty popular among hardore gamers and I do like this games music and animation, as well as the item and gun designs. But this game is definitely not for everyone.  But for what it is, it does have some replayability like isaac and is quite addicting. But i still dont reccomend it to everyone. (edited)"
76561198203380015,Not Recommended,311690,28554660,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kryblade,"All the elements are here for a very fun game. I just do not understand these roguelike games that force you to essentially play ""ironman"" mode.Not that its a bad thing or anything... but when i play games i like to set my own pace. The more options the better.Why not give me the option to save? Why do I HAVE to play this game in ironman mode?And no, I don't wanna ""git gud"" this isn't dota... its a single player game. Thats like someone telling me to ""git gud"" at Fallout.You play games like this to chillax. Not to rage yourself silly. And hey if you want to, thats fine, but whats wrong with making ""ironman"" optional?????P.S.I really wish these ""roguelike"" games stop doing this. Remember, the more options the merrier!"
,Not Recommended,311690,22282659,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,OttoNL,"This should be the perfect game for me. It has all the ingredients I like. But it's just not that fun sadly. The music + the shaky screen (already turned down shake down as far as it goes) makes me feel like I've had 10 cups of coffee. The camera moving with the mouse and the aim assist don't make it feel like a bullethell. I think bullethells should do Nothing to the raw mouse input, so it's easy to shoot and then you add challenge by making good levels. Not by ambushing the player by enemies and having a RNG that makes sure you only see 1 decent drop and 1 shop in 2 hours of playing. (Played on different account too). They added difficulty the lazy way.I guess if I would keep trying I could get through it, it's not impossible at all. I just don't feel like going through the first level for an 8th time because it's just not that fun. Even if it's a different level every time. You're just waiting for RNG to ease up on you so you can afford to get hit more then once before reaching the boss.The atmosphere looked great in the trailer but it's a different experience in the game. The combat feels alright, despite the mouse problems, but not nearly as good as the competition.It's not a bad game. It's pretty decent. I'd rather just play the original Crimsonland again. So for this price I can't recommend it. I can't imagine playing this longer then 2 hours. But if it gets a 75% discount you can always pick it up and see for yourself."
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,311690,29891825,Posted: 12 February,all,malcolmmackay224,"Looks like a fun game. Can't be sure though because for a casual gamer like me it is way too tough. Got to stop buying these insanely hard games. Some are enjoyable for a while, this one isn't."
,Not Recommended,311690,29638426,Posted: 1 February,all,Liam909mam,"This game is a complete waste of time as it is never changing and always leaves you on a BS kill from one of the easiest enemys, the game is extremely repetitive and boring, lacks depth, items and a nice art style. It is utter gargbage please dont spend any money on this terrible game."
,Not Recommended,311690,34473585,Posted: 24 August,all,Jivix,"Fell in love with the concept of the game. Stopped playing because it has too many game design flaws.Good things:-Art & character actions are smooth & good looking-Little sound effects here and there are a nice touch-Soundtrack is hypnotisingAmazing things:-Some quite funny jokes, even little details like battle scars on the assault bullet enemies-Finding a new gun that is a hoot (har har, peashooter)Unfortunate details:-RNG is TOO random, and more often than not it is against you. For example, multiple sniper enemies in a medium-small room with no cover. Two melee enemies in a room with spike pits that make it impossible to fight properly. Find 3 chests in a level but only find 1 key.-Diving is supposed to make you invulnerable, but it seems like I always take damage right when I start or right before I stop dodge rolling, often causing me to lose tons of health in boss battles.-Some game animations take too long, of particular note is dying which is already extremely frustrating.Major flaws:-No sense of ""I'm getting better"" aside from you learning AI behavior, and getting better at dodging, shooting, and reloading. This is probably the worst thing about the game. I was pretty shocked to find out you have no way of getting new items to configure your starting loadout on a new run. Are you kidding me? It's called the GUNGEON, give me some way to get permanent guns!!!!!-Guns are EVERYTHING, but guns are NOTHING. What I mean by this is you have NO guarantee of getting a good weapon, but it is ESSENTIAL you get at least one EACH AND EVERY RUN because you will quickly get overwhelmed even on level 2.-Game difficulty is very hard and cannot be lowered. What if you are not good at bullet hell games (like me!!!). I've yet to be beyond level 2. I find the floor 2 boss to be nigh unbeatable even when I got very lucky with weapons + item drops.-Death is an extreme penalty that can come from the slightest of mistakes. You get booted ALL THE WAY back to the start. I could understand starting the level over, or having a few continues before you end the run, but death ruining all of your progress is just disheartening. This game has a lot more personal investment to it than a match of Tetris, so it should give you SOME way to continue or save yourself, or just SOME kind of acknowledgement that you are accomplishing something by dying over and over. Why not have that dungeon floor slowly get easier the more failed attempts you make at it?-Pace of game feels way too slow, compare with Nuclear Throne where you can finish the entire game in the same time it takes to run 1-1.5 levels in the Gungeon. I'm just absolutely tired by the time I make it to the boss on floor 2.-Variety: With the current level of variety, it definitely feels like there needs to be fewer rooms."
76561198141701489,Not Recommended,311690,31877802,Posted: 21 May,all,Kefka Palazzo,"Impossibly hard, i kinda thought it couldnt be that hard but after playing it. it is too much to maneuver and they expect you to use a dodge roll which grants you like 2seconds invincblity and when u have to dodge roll over 200 bullets its just not practical, but they give u two ""blanks"" which is similar to old pilot games nukes that destroy all the bullets in the room. but the thing is the bosses have so much life that they spam multiply 400 bullets. id refund it if they let me. its just not practical to have to dodge roll over 1000 bullets. like if i had to play id have to request the boss battles be shorter. less health bar...."
,Not Recommended,311690,31437786,Posted: 29 April,all,seinfeld,wasnt so fun
,Not Recommended,311690,23126193,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Big Dingus,B A D
76561198114439876,Not Recommended,311690,34840035,Posted: 9 September,all,toonwise,"I started out liking the game and had a few laughs but I quickly found that the difficulty is very hard. I always put the difficulty on games as hard as they go but this game goes overboard with being very hard and having perma-death only. There is no save feature that I've found so you can play for five hours, get awesome guns and items, and die and start all over from the start of the game and lose everything. Oh and it's extremely easy to die. This game targets only the hardcore type of gamer who wants to spend every waking minute studying the game and cowering in corners hoping for one chance to pop out and fire off an round or two. You can flip tables for cover but it's pointless to do so. Most enemies, even the very first enemies you encounter, fire rounds that cover the whole room and quickly surround you. Staying still is the worst thing to do. If this game had a save feature it would be much better, But right now the game is incredibly boring having to play the same dungeon over and over again after death. Prepare for dozens of hours playing the same levels over again with the starting gun."
,Not Recommended,311690,29553267,Posted: 28 January,all,ripspleen,Do not buy this. This game isn't that fun. The game is very difficult as expected but it just isn't fun. I think there are five levels but it's so difficult you will rarely get to see any levels after the first one. If you want to play a certain level you will have to try and fight your way through every level before it which is nearly impossible. The games selling point is the large variety of guns it has but you rarely find guns so you wont see most of them. There just isn't much enjoyment to be had in this game so play a superior game like nuclear throne instead because it's similar to this but actually fun.
76561198145212920,Not Recommended,311690,33286534,Posted: 5 July,all,JellyKEY,how do you delet it and can i get my money back
76561198294981231,Not Recommended,311690,24466326,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,firerose1062,to hard for mne
,Recommended,311690,22252202,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Robin,Pretty good.
76561198044879136,Not Recommended,311690,25318374,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,grimrocketter,it give me nothing but a black screen what do i do?
76561197983412898,Not Recommended,311690,26139518,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,MagId (High Tinkerer),"This is an entertaining and fun game that is horribly fettered by a glaring flaw: No online multiplayer.Without that, this game is more or less worthless."
,Not Recommended,311690,22281108,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Buff Cookie,"Bosses in a game that plays better without bosses. Bosses themselves are very grindy, bringing the fun and fast gameplay to a screenching halt the moment you enter a boss fight.  Bosses also spam the screen with bullets rather than bringing anything interesting to the game. It's almost like every other room in the game does that. Boss fights are just being stuck in one room with the same kind of enemy you've seen before that takes much longer to kill.Also, RNG game but certain items needed for quests. Good luck with that, ♥♥♥♥tard."
,Not Recommended,311690,24014422,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Puddles,"A cautionary tale about believing Steam reviews.  I just cannot understand how anyone can even claim to like this game.CONS1. For $15, It would be nice to see graphics that at least look like they're from this century.2. Default controls are laid out extremely poorly;  There are 2 very important, limited-cast keys, and they're bound to Q and Spacebar, the two keys easiest to hit accidentally when you're trying to move around with WASD.  Defaults for controller are even worse, and the fact that there aren't any even remotely useful community ones speaks volumes about how bad the control scheme is.  Why would you try to reinvent the wheel on controls for a twin-stick shooter?3. Going from the tutorial to the actual game is like going from Hello Kitty Island Adventure to Dark Souls: They don't even feel like the same game.4. Difficulty.  I get that people want games that are hard, but you don't have to be so meanspirited about it.  The bosses, in addition to being able to spout constant, unrelenting swarms of bullets in patterns that are virtually impossible to avoid, have ENORMOUS health pools, which is the laziest imaginable way to add difficulty, and is the opposite of ""fun""5. All the dodgeroll mechanic manages to do is to dodge me INTO bullets;  The hit box is extremely inconsistent, and it frequently feels like it's just an RNG roll that I have no effect on.PROSIt's REALLY hard to come up with anything positive to say about this game, but I suppose the concept does have potential.  Unfortunately, the only way I see that potential being unlocked is with a complete rewrite, probably with a new set of devs."
76561198037302509,Not Recommended,311690,31860065,Posted: 20 May,all,tim,"While I appreciate the high production values around the music, graphics, animations, etc. it remains that this game is difficult and not much fun. Refund requested."
,Not Recommended,311690,32783573,Posted: 25 June,all,coreoffocus,Basicly the level layout of isaac combined with slowed down hotline miami style gameplay combined with literaly the worst guns you have ever seen in a game. Every single gun is excruciating torture to use except for the like 7 guns that actually excist in the world (AK-47)
76561197995042061,Not Recommended,311690,22269558,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Yudaman,"I won't go over the flaws other negative reviews have mentioned: mostly concerning underwhelming gun variety and effectiveness, the needless reload mechanic, samey enemies, etc.Worth noting is the poor table flipping mechanic--not being very effective (or even reliable), areas are littered in tables meant to be used as cover.  Combine this with how poorly they're differentiated from the clots of other destructables (which are just annoying to fight around) and you'll find yourself running into a lot of tables oddly blocking hallways.What I really want to stress is the dodge mechanic.  Bullet hell shmups are a love of mine, and I was really hoping this would fill that void.Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Thrones aren't the types of games I'm talking about, btw.  I'm talking about Ikaruga, Warning Forever, Gradius.  Games where you hammer on the shoot button while dodging random and patterned incoming fire.This game wants to be a bullet hell shmup combined with the more roguish BoI/NT, with its myriad of bullet spewing enemies and patterns.  And that sounded like a good time to me.  Sadly it makes the mistake of having a dodge roll, and dodge rolls do not belong in this genre.  It's never a good thing to be comparable to Neo Contra.Dodge rolls with invicibility give designers free reign to throw otherwise unavoidable bullet patterns at you.  This is okay if it's still possible to roll into a safe spot, but in boss battles and later levels you'll find yourself rolling into fire you'd have to be a savant to predict, or even something that came from off-screen.  With your character's beefy hitbox, it's incredibly frustrating.  Combine this with the numerous other flaws and you have quite a disappointing game."
76561198053041128,Not Recommended,311690,22874485,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Eryius,"The fact is, you can't rebind keyboard controls, and you can't roll and aim in different directions. Sorry, I gotta bail."
,Not Recommended,311690,29834267,Posted: 10 February,all,Tim,No words. Give the Nobel Prize to this genius who invented the camera follows the cursor in this game. Best innovation of 2016 in 2D game dev.Camera follow mouse - it is a bloody stupid idea. Really hard on eyes. It should be at least interpolated and smoothed. Maybe better remove it completely until kids gone blind.In the rest game is ok. Sprites and art is awesome. Amount of weapons is awesome. Music and sound ok. Gameplay is mediocre.
,Not Recommended,311690,28207682,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,KrianMusic CSGO500,garbage
76561198006570604,Not Recommended,311690,31831230,Posted: 18 May,all,Obi-Juan Quenobi,no online multiplayer. =\
76561198019235973,Not Recommended,311690,23481585,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ThirdP3rs0n,"Yeah, naa. Not worth $17NZD. maybe $5. getting sent back to the start is kinda silly ( for me, not a person who usaly plays these games) but u will die for somthing that u cant change... Then BOOM restart :(SO yeah......."
76561198090234955,Not Recommended,311690,22286806,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,biu,"Classic example of a lazy indie company trying to get rich quick by releasing a buggy, unimaginative game.If the company had spent as much time actually fixing the bugs in the game as they have trying to find puns for their items/gun. It might actually be playable.Half the mechanics in the game that are supposed to help you end up getting you killed.Dodge roll? Try it and some of the bosses and you will still end up dodging right into bullets.Table flip? You cannot shot around it,enemies can use it and with the high amount of enemies in some of the random rooms it is next to useless. Also unflipped table can block you if you are not aware of it at the worse times.This game has a long way to go before it can even be considered good.Edit:11th AprilNow every character that I have rescued with the exception of the elevator repair man is gone.Guess this is why there's things like reviews.To warn people away from trashy games."
76561198057143204,Not Recommended,311690,30012167,Posted: 18 February,all,pickle rick,-
76561198106290494,Not Recommended,311690,26482956,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Squarebox64,eh
,Not Recommended,311690,33462178,Posted: 11 July,all,Eveeb,bad
76561198098480830,Not Recommended,311690,29740589,Posted: 6 February,all,silversurfer972,One of those crap game you wish you haven't bought on those weekend deals.Can't even pass level one because the devs though it would be smart to make the game actually HARDER as you get your way though it. I never saw past level 2 and I think I never will. Might be my wost gaming experience after no mans sky. POINTLESS GAME
76561198378296428,Not Recommended,311690,33570626,Posted: 15 July,all,amberhiri,Worst game ever.
,Not Recommended,311690,29523665,Posted: 27 January,all,Spanky,"This game feels like visual garbage. The screen moves like a fidgety autist, screen shake doesn't make a game good. The starting guns do not get me in the slightest bit in the mood to find better ones. In fact, everytime I try to give this game another chance, I am immediately turned off when I am reminded how long you can have to use the starting guns. I'm no game designer, apparently neither are the people who worked on this game.Enter the Gungeon:Gameplay 2/10, I like twin stick roguelikes, this is not a good oneVisual 8/10, If you like pixel art you'll love this game. If you like a solid game, you won't like this game.Replay value 0/10, Everytime I replay this game I hate it more and moreYes I realize this is an indie game. The devs. already got my 15$ so I feel like I am entitled to warn people about this product.Overall, I feel like this game is a wolf in sheep's clothing. Don't waste your money on this trash."
76561198169381963,Not Recommended,311690,22873447,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,pandamech9,Was not fun.
,Not Recommended,311690,31363510,Posted: 25 April,all,StubZz,"I don't like this game, it was a waste of money.  I like bullet hell games, but this isn't a good one."
,Not Recommended,311690,28689948,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Filthy Bunzo,Call of Duty Rip-Off
,Not Recommended,311690,34834336,Posted: 9 September,all,Elite,Boring..................
76561198093153293,Not Recommended,311690,34072145,Posted: 6 August,all,Jarbear,No online coop
,Not Recommended,311690,29498463,Posted: 26 January,all,Stikas,It's like Nuclear Throne but bad.
76561198035600918,Not Recommended,311690,22268466,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,MrTeeheehee,"This game is just OK, nothing special despite all the hype.Got kinda bored after a few runs.Definitely not as fun as Isaac and some of the other better roguelikes."
76561198071124188,Not Recommended,311690,34517621,Posted: 26 August,all,็,"This game isn't that good for it's asking price, i've played games of similiar quality for free onarmorgames.com, essentially you're paying $15 for a flash game, so it's definitely a ripoff, if this were a free game on armorgames, it would probably get three million plays or more and a high rating, i believe they chose the wrong platform to put this game on. If it really had to be on steam they should have charged $5 or less, $15 for a flash quality game is just ridiculous. If it's on sale, i recommend it, if not, then i don't. For those unfamiliar witharmorgames.com, it's a site where you can make ad revenue off of your games and is the mainstream site for free flash games.To summarize, this game is overpriced, do not buy at full price. Edit: Isaac isn't that much better, requires dlc for any real depth and even then it doesn't match it's asking price, this genre just sucks balls in general. I stand with my point that both are overpriced, overrated flash games"
,Not Recommended,311690,22282862,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,The7thLegion,"Only local co-op? What the hell?Why would you do that to a game like this, so much potential to be wasted."
,Not Recommended,311690,22272360,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,fly8fly,It was fun at first but quickly got boring. Made it worse with need to constantly reload. Will be my first refund on Steam.
76561198074865210,Not Recommended,311690,22284420,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,newihzeellehcar,Please can i refund this game?is like so hard to play!please people dont waste your money buying this gamei just bought it RM45.36
,Not Recommended,311690,28152084,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,the hollywood hootsman,"I am VERY, VERY disapointed in this game. the guns are gay and repeating"
,Not Recommended,311690,31696608,Posted: 11 May,all,JACKY LMAO,dogshit music
76561198290363323,Not Recommended,311690,24966010,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Mr.Burns,it was so bad waste of money dont buy
,Not Recommended,311690,29513810,Posted: 26 January,all,storm1900,"not fun, boring, too hard to actually get somewhere. binding of issac is much better. i have also noticed some of the poeple who play this r just salty♥♥♥♥♥wipes"
76561198066080530,Not Recommended,311690,23871222,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tim,stupid just get binding of isic its a much better game.
,Not Recommended,311690,28745450,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,dropthembeats,this game is cool would i buy it again nope
,Not Recommended,311690,29542190,Posted: 28 January,all,Jozz,Another bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥game that the bosses are to op
76561198083696162,Not Recommended,311690,34590880,Posted: 29 August,all,Moatez,Gungeon?More like Garbage.where's my refund at..
,Not Recommended,311690,35464488,Posted: 3 October,all,Happy,"This is the first game I have ever asked for a refund from STEAM. My son begged me to buy this game so I could help him beat some of the harder bosses. The co-op is one player on a keyboard and a second (not 3rd or 4th) player on a joystick. No network co-op, not even LAN.My expectation was the co-op would be similar to Alien Swarm.This style of game is not my thing so I won't comment on the game play."
76561198197007759,Not Recommended,311690,23778893,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,blazenanime,i do not recommend this game because its so stupid and annoying steam wont even refund money so dont wast your time
,Not Recommended,311690,22274307,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Arctic,its a really good game I rate it 10/10 so why am i not recomending it because my inventory and map is all just blank there is nothing im getting a refund
76561198156689873,Not Recommended,311690,22267489,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Lissy,"Tried to play this game - initially I thought it was charming and I was excited to play more.Once I'd passed the tutorial stage/introduction I was disappointed to find out that my boyfriend (who was playing the game right next to me) had the option to enter co-op mode; I didn't even receive this option even though we had both done exactly the same things. My internet is connected and neither of us can figure out why this is. I then re-boot the game and see if this fixes it... but no. We bought this at exactly the same time and we had done exactly the same things - might just be a bug and hopefully this will be fixed.Anyway; I then proceeded to go into the gungeon for the first time - sailed through until the boss (who seemed far too difficult for the first floor) and then died. Tried again...died. I got annnoyed (as any challenging game is likely to make you) ...and when the booklet came up after I'd died for around the fifth time (still on the first floor) I tried to exit the game in a ragey sulk and promised myself I'd come back to it later and give it another go - only to find out that once the booklet had appeared I could no longer quickstart, escape to breach or....do anything. I had to close the game manually from my desktop. It's frozen twice now.This game is (in my opinion) far too difficult and unforgiving for new players. It's got some issues with bugs and errors that make the experience irritating so I can't recommend it at the moment - especially when I can't play co-op which is one of the main reasons I bought this game.[EDIT] As some people are so obviously pointing out to me - the game is local co-op only. I know this. The only reason I mentioned internet connectivity is because my boyfriend's laptop was also connected at the same time - I was re-iterating that both of our laptops were connected so it couldn't be anything internet related that was giving him the option to enter co-op mode but not allow me to. Basically, I had no option to enter co-op mode even when an additional controller was connected to my PC (and yes, the controller is working and plays fine on other games).I'll also say that when playing the game again a few weeks after writing this I didn't experience any bugs - so it's clear the developers are still working hard on the game to keep players' experiences of it enjoyable.I'll play again soon and see if I experience any of the original problems I had. As for the 'not recommended' decision - I'm entitled to choose this if the issues I experienced made the game unplayable in my eyes (freezing etc), regardless of when the game was released. Just because it's ""new"" doesn't mean I'll recommend it if I couldn't play it to an enjoyable standard."
,Not Recommended,311690,22266222,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,KURETZ,"I cant play for some reason just a black screen. nice one dodge role (I tried uninstalling the game and steam and I still cant play) looked in the game files and most of it got corrupted, and it said there ""#endlife-fragment"" I have no idea what to do"
76561198026594045,Not Recommended,311690,22264032,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Graknab,"(*edit- may 8th, 2016*) So despite most of the guns being terrible, the characters boring, the enemies bullet sponges and the progress nonexistant, I still managed to crap out another fourty hours of this game. Pretty sprites and clean gameplay certainly help, unfortunately they cant make up for the slow combat combined with high-health enemies. But I guess I have the mental emptyness to enjoy this game for an hour or so at a time, but I still cant reccomend Enter the Gungeon. Its just too much of a grind for everything, and unless you like to grind for minimal rewards you wont see for many many runs, youre just going to be disappointed.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I followed this game's development for months and bought it on launch and I must say it is an incredibly polished, very intersting game with one big problem.almost all of the guns are awful. this wouldnt be a huge deal if guns were more common but on average youre finding one or two per floor, if youre lucky. all of the starting guns deal bare minimum damage and the bosses have massive health bars, meaning unless you find a powerful item in the first level and save all the ammo, youre probably not going to be able to continue.unlike binding of isaac and nuclear throne, this game is always stingy with keys, money, equipment and weapons. finding a worthwhile item is rare, most active items do not help much in combat, money is slow to gain and shop items are expensive.all four characters have unique guns, but only about two of the ~6 total starting weapons are viable against more than a single basic enemy. additionally minimal active items and underdeveloped passive traits make for boring characters and stale gameplayI really want to like this game, i give it another try every few hours. but each time i grind through the level and fight my way past a horde of gun and bullet themed enemies with a god damn water gun and a tshirt cannon i feel like the devs forgot what they were going for. which im pretty sure was a game about GUNS"
76561198289534242,Not Recommended,311690,28568988,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Micmac,"Heard good things about this game, and decided to pick it up on sale. I wanted to play it with my brother, so we both got it. (He has his own PC in another room) We were super excited only to find out there was no online co-op. Seriously wtf were you thinking. The worst part is that the little bit of gameplay I got was fun."
76561198048643128,Not Recommended,311690,29506952,Posted: 26 January,all,gtkeith8,"yea this game kinda blows, you either get a decent gun or plan on dying fast as hell."
,Not Recommended,311690,22257026,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,N e r f A k i r a,"Enter the gungeon is a fantastic game. which makes its trival flaws all the more embarassing.Enter the gungeon is your standard fair roguelike shooter, with your stat buffs being traded in for better guns. this creates quite the interesting situation and encourages you to save ammo and stick to basic weapons to dispatch most enemies. the issue with this system stems from the fact that the guns aren't balanced, many of the low tiered ones feel like straight up downgrades from your normal weapon unless you have some synergy going on from some items. this feelings of ""why does this exist"" when you grab a bad gun is such a painful flaw it hinders some of the genius of the game.These ""bad guns"" are problematic specifically because you have an unlimited ammo weapon you start with, the result is essentially a weapon that will never come up.another major issue, that is actually a real flaw is the controls. enter the Gungeon fails spectacularly at so much i can't believe they didn't remedy it. here let me ask you some questions.did you like those old nes games where you'd have to hammer the button for hours on end just to fire?Did you like the blistered it brought?Do you like carpal tunnel?me neither.  and to the game's credit, almost every weapon in this game has a sort of automatic functon to it - if you just hold the button down.The issue is, for semi auto pistols, this is a straight up downgrade, because holding the button down actually gives it about half the maximum firing rate. this game actively encourages button slamming to the point of carpal tunnel, im not joking. i literally just tried this on a controller and just optimally using my pistol for the hunter had me in agony in the first 7 minutes of gameplay.to this you might say ""oh well, whatever, i'll just hold the button down and just deal with it"" and nope, the developers still managed to screw that up. when click firing you auto reload at the end of the clip with just one more click, however when you hold the button down, you dont auto reload, until you either hit the fire button again or press the designated reload button.so many minor issues that shouldn't exist and ulimately makes the game bad, and unenjoyable at points. i feel like i'm playing binding of issac with chocolate milk on forever. this system works in games like hotlie miami, but not rogue like shooters which have runs go on for like an hour.a whole slew of other minor flaws also exist, but the fact remainsEnter the Gungeon is a fantastic idea, and a fantastic game, but a few minor flaws compeletely spoil the game. hopefully these issues (at least the reloading and button mashing ones) will be fixed so i can recommend this. But i legitmently had to put this down when i was playing it on the controller because my index finger hurt so bad.Major edit:okay, to make it clear, reloading is a problem because on controllers, the button layout is suboptimal and its troublesome, and regardless of your control scheme, reloading happens a ton. it kills your fingers when you are firing two shots from cover, reloading, and repeating about 1000 times over the course of a run, the lack of auto reload compounds the issue in a different way.in issac reloading doesn't exist, and items that force you into a pound heavy position are avoided like the plague, you just hold one arrow key, and you're all set. but this game just constantly wants you to push buttons, over like a hour long session, which is absurd. its painful.to put this in perspective, great bullet hell games dont do reloads, or at least have the decency to auto reload. they task you with a screen clearing ability if things get hectic, and just want you to focus on staying alive, hitting that nirvana like state of weaving in and out of fire, while just holding the fire button in the enemies face. this game adds another layer by forcing you to manage positioning in rooms. but you aren't allowed to just hold a button and fire and enjoy it, you have to constantly slam the button just so you dont have to worry about your ammo counters, so a reload will happen the moment the clip is empty, and the result is just... sloppy.i dont want to walk away from 2 hours with this game having my hands legitimently hurt. its the mark of a badly thought out system, that could have been avoided so easily, but instead they chose to make ""no auto reloads"" and ""faster firing rates if you spamthe button"" a thing.other flaws because i was asked for them:Animations for teleport run on way to long, and a means to just speed up walking has for some reason lengthy animations to make it tedious and anoyying, just like walking around normally.Grappling hook glitches all over the place in the oddest ways (canceling randomly (i know it can be canceled with space, this wasn't because of that) weird intereactions with rolling, pulling you through some impassable objects (like tables) sometimes and othertimes, not)Gun list can't be reordered (this affects keyboards, numbers 1-9, and 0 (i haven't ever had 9 so i dunno if it goes that high) this causes an issue when you want to grab a certain weapon because after 5, numbers start requring a stretch from your left hand, but mid combat that isn't easy. they are put in linear order, but that causes the issue of bad guns being in slots 2~4 and then good ones being in 5-6. and the mouse wheel for trying to grab precisely the right gun for the situation isn't easy because confusion between places in order from the last run come up.the idea of perfect runs is... awful. so this one is more of a personal point but, okay you've all played issac i hope. well in issac when you perfect clear a boss by not taking red heart game, you have a chance with a deal with the devil (not an objecive upgrade) or a very small chance for a deal with the angel (an objective upgrade) Well this game likes feels the need to make a vast majority of hp upgrades garenteed drops for perfect clears, but taking damage even on shields will kill your chances. the issue is this really does just make the game horrible for newbies, as the major second chance mechanic (life) is gated around playing a boss perfectly. binding of issac has the decency to make deals with the devil at least a trade off (some were really bad and avoided, doing nothing) and deals with the angel had slimmer chances. And even those rooms could be accessed even if you took damage from the boss through cards, other modifiers, goat head, etc.and finally...Dropping stuff for the sewer thing in the job is a pain, and i mean A PAIN^this one deserves its own spot this is horrid. theres a dude in the shop who clings to this sewer grate from below asking for items, in exchange for gold.now thats a great idea except:A:he wont manually take items out of your inventory for youB:The game doesn't go over dropping items or the need to drop themC:The items must be placed into the little square that is the sewer grate for him to take themD:ITEMS DROPPED FROM YOUR INVENTORY GO ANYWHERE THEY PLEASE.i've had items merge with walls, being lost forever, or just fly around the shop, having to pick them back up, and then try again.and yes, this is the propper way to do it, once you finally get them in, he gives you like 40 gold (this is super useful because of an item called ""trash"" you can get which is free money essentially)i dont know how these issues weren't addressed prior to launch, and its why its not getting a recommendation from me."
,Not Recommended,311690,22271342,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Deusexit,Soon the hype will fall out and we all get back to our beloved Binding of Isaac and Nuclear throne.
,Not Recommended,311690,22258708,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Spats,"Enter the Gungeon is disappointing. It feels like it should be fast paced, like any good bullet hell roguelike should be; but it's not. The environments are too big, tables are a bigger hinderence than a help, the enemies take too long to kill, reloading is a nuisance and the guns are underwhelming. It feels more like wading through molasses than a video game."
,Not Recommended,311690,33297234,Posted: 5 July,all,piehop7,"I got to say, this is the first negative review I have had to write. This game is just bad. I got it 50% off for the summer sale at the last second, but I made a big mistake. I should have gotten the other game I was looking at, but now I don't have enough money. I hope I can refund this. This game looks really fun, but the aiming is crappy. Ok, that might be my mouse or computer, but you all can agree the reloading is dumb. The reloading takes longer than the actual gameplay. Not even worth the sale price. I wanted to like this game but I just can't. If you are looking at this game and deciding, games like this (but 1000000000x more fun) are rogue legacy and the binding of isaac rebirth. Both of those are great games that have all the pros and none of the cons of games like this. Have a great day!unless you like this crap gameEDIT: keep the salty comments coming ""Explain why you hated it blah blah wahhh"" I dont care what you have to say, not sure why you think I would care."
,Not Recommended,311690,22260173,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,dsfrd (งツ)ว,"I know what they were trying to go for, but the game just doesn't deliver. Changing a formula of a proven concept is nothing bad, but then you have to do it right. Roguelikes are usually relatively fast paced. This game is not. Your character moves super slow, most of the time the ""dodging"" mechanic feels more like a hinderance than an actual dodge.Reloading is another fine concept in theory, but it's just super obnoxious in this game. You fire like five shots that do not do any damage at all and then you have to reload for a second. I have the feeling the devs included this only to stretch the gametime out, because mobs are generally just bulletsponges.The most common mob in the game takes three hits, often times theres at least five of those in a single room. Now imagine you have 5-10 shots in your gun and you need three shots to kill one of them, reloading after a couple of shots. It's super annoying.You can flip over tables that act as cover. Once again, that mechanic feels more like a hindrance than help. In the 1,5h I've played I've never used it because you can just dodge bullets by walking around them. If you do actually use the tables you basically cram yourself behind that cover because you cannot shoot above it. You have to walk out of cover and then fire your shots.The core mechanic of the game, the weapons, are the biggest disappointement. From a game that focuses so much on weaponry you'd think it'll give you a huge variaty of powerful guns to play with. I haven't played far, but I can tell you that the weapons you get in the first two levels are mostly just super ♥♥♥♥ing weak. Sometimes they're even worse than your starting weapons.Now that would all be fine if the passives in the game actually felt like they had some kind of synergy with your loadout. In the time I've played I haven't found a single item (passive or not) that actually synergyzed with my guns.This leads to you sometimes having to beat the first boss without actually having ANYTHING useful but your standard gun which again, you have to reload after 5-10 shots. Bosses generally are just spreading bullets all over the place and take ♥♥♥♥♥ons of damage before they actually go down.The characters are boring. Their playstyle barely changes at all. The biggest difference between them is usually a passive that somehow changes something in the game (for example a dog that occasionally finds random items or a needle that has a chancee to unlock locks.I know this is in a lot of reviews, but again, they should've just looked at a lot of the (working) mechanics of Nuclear Throne. Everything this game does wrong Nuclear Throne does right. The guns (even the damn starting revolver) feel increadibly powerful. The movement is fast and rewarding. The passives synergyze EXTREMELY well with different playstyles and characters, depening on what you go for. Enemies are NO bullet sponges. They're dangerous because they have interesting movement, different patterns and weapons. The characters play EXTREMELY different because they actually enable you to play the game in different ways.The game is not all bad though. If you're into pixelarts the game is really well done, the performance is fine and the soundtrack and sfx are really good (but ♥♥♥♥ that damn enemy death sound that plays for every single kill you get). There also seems to be A LOT of content overall.Again, I really feel what the devs were trying to do, but sadly they failed. Ultimately the game fails in his core mechanics: guns and movement.For a game that basically CONSISTS of doding bullets and shooting guns this is not acceptable.Other people might like the game, sure, but it's not for me.Thus, I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,311690,22257512,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Silver Chariot,"**Edits made past the first spiel**I get what this game is trying to be.  I do.  I really, really do.  I have played Isaac, I've played Nuclear Throne, and loved them both to death.  I thought this would be a perfect marriage between the two.  I was wrong.The good things are very good: sound design, visuals, level layout, concept, tight controls and tons of unlockables make for a great starting point for this game.  But the bad weighs it out signifigantly.Too many times have I been trying to dodge enemy fire, just to be hit from something offscreen after my invincibility ends.  Or the times I walk into a room and get instantly shot at with no time to react.  Too many times have I struggled to survive with my starting weapon, but with low bullet capacities, long reload, and terrible accuracy, it's for naught.I also really loved the part where I bought an item from the shop; nothing suspicious, just a piece of paper, then he teleported me out, told me to not come back, and closed up shop for the rest of the game.  How am I supposed to know these things?  How is anyone?  Why is it that when you get hit once on a boss, even if it's just your armor, you can't get a health upgrade at the end of the floor?  How is this fair?Enter the Gungeon is a game I want to like, I do.  Like, really badly.  But irredeemably flawed game design makes me regret the purchase, and regret the months I spent being hyped for it.  That being said, I can't recommend this game.**EDIT**I feel like I've rustled some feathers and hit a few nerves with this review, so I'll elaborate a little more.Firstly, I'd like to say that this is a game worth enjoying.  I think that if you love the game, great!  The hard work put into it deserves it.  There are plenty of things about ETG that deserves praise, and rightfully so.  It's just not for me.Moving past that, my point of contention here lies in the fact that ETG does not provide the player with the appropriate tools to really hit a stride by the time mid-game comes along.  Let's compare this with BoI:A (Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth), and NT (Nuclear Throne), two games which get compared to ETG, and for good reason.BoI is slower and more deliberate than NT, with a an upgrade or three, that may or may not synergize, every floor, whether it be in survivability or killing potential.  Usually, unless you have bad luck, you wind up coming out better for it at the end of the floor (over which there are about 10 per run, compared with NT's 14 or 15 per run, give or take), and the effectiviness of your play snowballs.  This is good.  Health increases are somewhat reliable, as are tools needed to kill enemies faster and with more efficiancy.  ETG lacks this by punishing the player for taking damage against a boss, resulting in not receiving a health upgrade, even though the player is thrust into more difficult and harrowing situations as the floors progress (of which there are, to my knowledge 5, I believe).  The killing potential in ETG is also lacking, by which I mean you're only guaranteed a weapon once per floor.  Now, you might get lucky and find one in a chest, or from the shop, but those aren't guarantees, and keys for chests are few and far between.  This leaves your ability to kill more to fate and luck than BoI has, since Guns are the primary upgrade, and finding a bad gun doesn't leave the player feeling powerful, or like they accomplished anything.  It's coutner intuitive to reward a player with a weak weapon when your chances of getting a weapon upgrade are already stacked against the player.Now, let's compare ETG to NT.  NT is a fast paced game, where speed and efficiacy are paramount.  Once per level (or 2 if rads are an issue), you'll get an upgrade which can greatly affects your survivability or killing power, and a new weapon drops at least once per stage, and upgrades are quite common (untill you hit the late game).  The constant rewards of character improving abilities and weapons makes the player feel like they're strong, that they have a better chance of surviving, and the difficulty curves nicely with the pace.  NT's weapons are, by and large, also very accurate in general, even the starting weapon is usable until the 3rd or 4th stage.  In ETG, however, accuracy is a problem with the starting weapons, unless you play as the Marine.  Most starting weapons have poor accuracy, slow fire rate, and small clips, and long reload times, which hinders how well you can stop enemies from filling the screen with projectiles.  The pace remains on the slow side of BoI, but is still demanding of players to rely on their mobility which feels sluggish compared to a bullet-ridden rougelike such as NT.  That, coupled with the aforementioned lack of guaranteed character improvement doesn't feel cohesive, and instead feels grating and garners impatience.It feels like ETG wants to blend the explorative nature of BoI with the face paced bullet dodging of NT, but the two games didn't combine into one coherent result.  The slow pace and slow characters, the large floors, the reaction-based gameplay, and lack of tools the game gives you just add up, to me, at least, to a sour experience.  I don't think the devs intended this to be a game that's difficult due to unfairness, or just for the sake of being hard, I think the difficulty and frustration therein stems from ambitious designs that lead to, admittedly few, but major oversights in terms of a standard of gameplay.Still, this is just my opinion.  If you're interested in ETG, by all means, please support the developers and give the game a try for yourself.  You'll probably think differently than I do, and you can take my review with a grain of salt.  But these are just my opinions, and I do not hold them to be gospel."
76561198073662412,Not Recommended,311690,22263720,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ultron6142,"Firstly Please dont hate me for making this negative as this is purely asking for changes the game needs/has been highly requested not just for me, but also from other people who have played this awesome game. The Game is amazing, another roguelike game but with an interesting take on it, if you like the binding of isaac, and nuclear throne and you want a game similar yet unique at the same time, this is the game for you, if/when they fix the problems with it.Problems:Firstly, The Game seems to be quite buraly hard, I'm not saying I don't want a challenge but it goes 0 to 100 real quick. Nextly and the biggest disconcern is the ""local co-op"". I was so hyped when I saw this as I thought it mean't LAN as with LAN I can play with my friends and family which is truly what I wanted and with the help of Hamachi or other Virtual LAN programs you'd be able to play with anyone around the world, but without this, it's a HUGE minius for the game.You can flip over tables that act as cover. Once again, that mechanic feels more like a hindrance than help. In the half an hour I've played this game and the videos I've watched, people typically never use it because you can just dodge bullets by walking around them. If you do actually use the tables you basically cram yourself behind that cover because you cannot shoot above it. You have to walk out of cover and then fire your shots.Also It's way too slow pace, I love a game that you play for a long time, but it seems the devs purposely slowed the pace to get more hours out of the game and it really needs to change, if you really want to engage people you need to make the game more fast pace with more interesting mobs/bosses than bullet shields. Finally, the game isn't early access, I wouldn't be posting this if it was but it isn't and that means the devs are happy with the current state the game is and changes won't happen as often as they really need to be. I've seen alot of other reviews saying this game is the ""perfect marriage between The binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne"" but this isn't neccessarily true, it does alot of things right but, the true highlights of Nuclear throne they tried to be unique and change but, it simply doesn't work. If changes are made (espically having too deal with the current multiplayer senerio of the game) this review will be changed."
,Not Recommended,311690,22270512,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Pastah,"Cool game. However the coop is not available, and also there's race pandering with having 2 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for the playable characters is just ridiculous."
76561198071992662,Not Recommended,311690,22259850,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Cannibal Crows,"The game was not what I had originally expected and for that reason I got bored with it very quick. However I continued to revisit it every here and there and it started to grow on me. The game can be fun and very frustrating at the same time. I understand the game revolves heavily on guns but if you find yourself unlucky enough to not find one by the time you get to the second level, chances are you won't get much further. On the other side of that, you can just as easily get overpowered guns in the beginning and the bosses quickly become jokes, as you just steamroll over them. It's because of this issue it feels like you're no longer relying on skill so much as luck, and for that reason I still can't give this game a thumbs up."
76561198353573169,Not Recommended,311690,32792262,Posted: 25 June,all,Clock King,Fun Gameplay but Master Chief is black in this game. 4/10
76561198118629582,Not Recommended,311690,22264706,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TheRealKoreLe,"This game is way too hard, i get past floor 1, but this game never saves it seems as i get killed in floor 2 a lot and return to complete beginning of game at floor 1. It's so ridiculous, ive been playing this game floor for 2hours and i'm sick of it. I want to see new floors, but the game is way too hard as this game never saves at any point."
,Not Recommended,311690,22258692,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Cheerilee,game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and i can't get refund now due to a glitchso i am out 16 dollors i am not happy and the game lied i thought if peroder game get somefree stuff like it said on steam page but i guess that thier way making money offsuckers i would not tell any of my friends play this trashy♥♥♥♥♥game it's money grab andseems be verry red neck and belings in landfill
76561198113828394,Recommended,311690,30381230,Posted: 7 March,all,LionEddy,"I love games with ""random map"" generators. Played a lot of Binding of Isaac, Crypt of the necrodancer, Lost castle. Out of those games this one is by far the best. Amazing!Pros+endless replayability+hundreds of weapons/items+challenging+different characters to play withCons-sometimes the game lags/stutters a bit (nothing major)"
76561198096753541,Recommended,311690,30385811,Posted: 7 March,all,tilt.exe,"TBH This game is super fun but hard at the same time. The amount of luck needed for the whole run is incredulously hard to get due to the rising of difficulty around floor 4. I could only get to floor 4 when I tried really hard not to suck at the game and not be as unlucky as possible. But thats with my skillset, other people prob unlocked everything in like 50hrs or something. Anyways, super fun game and really challenging at first, but you get used to it every time you start."
,Recommended,311690,30381792,Posted: 7 March,all,Launchpad,Fun shoot' em up old school game.  Lots of fun learning all of the different guns and exploring the different stages throughout the game.If you like older games than u will like and appreciate it!!
,Recommended,311690,30382198,Posted: 7 March,all,pixelatedeevee,shot a bullet shooting bullets at me with bulletsalso the letter r is a gun10/9 would die again
,Recommended,311690,30419411,Posted: 9 March,all,ThoseTwoLetters,"Now some reviewers of this game have played other bullet hell roguelikes like Isaac and Nuclear Throne.I am not one of them. But that doesn't mean I can't say how much I enjoyed Gungeon.While I do agree that the price is ""eh"" for the game, I would highly recommend it for new players to the Bullet Hell+Roguelike gameplay.If you love ironic, meta humor filled with puns, EtG is for you.Although you will die many times before even getting to the fifth floor, or chamber (get it? Like a gun chamber? Genius), it fills you with such delight and satisfaction when you start learning patterns in the enemy's attacks.This is the first game that got me out of my League addiction since '14. Anyway, here's my overwall stats:Aesthetics? 10/10, if you like pixelated artwork, esp. revolving (get it) around bullets/guns.Humor? 11/10, if you enjoy bad puns, wordplay, and allusions to pop culture.Music? 9/10, since it gets repetitive after hearing each floor for so long.Controls? 9/10, EtG gives you more range with controller settings, such as assist aim and other things.Replayability? 8/10; IMO it's replayable up to the point where youunlock the bullet/robot and kill all pasts, but besides that, it's really fun to go back in and try to get perfect runthroughs, esp. with the new modes.Updates? Dodge Roll does often post bugfixes and such, and besides the latest Supply Drop Update, there's apprently going to be a paid DLC later on.But my overall enjoyment? 9/10. Although this game may seem a bit pricey for my taste (I'm a cheapskate), I'd love to see Dodge Roll put more into this game that would blow me further away. The humor and gameplay snagged me into EtG, and I hope it does too for you!(I'm not dissing Isaac or Nuclear Throne)"
76561198254877462,Recommended,311690,30402137,Posted: 8 March,all,kidjayce,an amazing game. very simple but yet very adictive.
,Recommended,311690,30429047,Posted: 10 March,all,Day Man,It's good
,Recommended,311690,30419127,Posted: 9 March,all,Edge1016,WORTH IT
76561198089657661,Recommended,311690,30472143,Posted: 12 March,all,cremonacarl,the sense of satisfaction when you overcome all challenges in this game is amazing. You can feel your skill slowly rising until you put a bullet in fiends that you saw as impossible. Great skill based game.
,Recommended,311690,30449059,Posted: 11 March,all,Nikachu132,Addicting. The slow improvement in your skill is rewarding as you make it further and further into the game.
76561198281086621,Recommended,311690,30439524,Posted: 10 March,all,Square,"This game is hella hard.For $15, it is amazing. So much content. Nice graphics and gameplay. Get this game."
76561198084452627,Recommended,311690,29525532,Posted: 27 January,all,Philip Banks,"They think they can outsmart me, Maybe. But I'd like to see someone outsmart bullets.Also bullet puns."
,Recommended,311690,29526793,Posted: 27 January,all,☭☭_YoloMcSwagMuffins_☭☭,"we knew you liked bullets, so we put bullets in your bullet dungeons, so you can shoot at bullets when you shoot bullets"
,Recommended,311690,29528036,Posted: 27 January,all,Peridorable,love the game even though i am total♥♥♥♥♥♥at it still amazing
76561198303689825,Recommended,311690,29528401,Posted: 27 January,all,TimJM,It's a hard game. AND I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,311690,29527578,Posted: 27 January,all,Söze,Its like if m night shyamalan made inception but replaced dreams with guns 10/10
,Recommended,311690,29533156,Posted: 27 January,all,Jesse1326,so With over 300 Hrs on this game I Wholeheartedly recommend it. Warning tho this game is hard teeth grinding hard the number of 1+ hr runs ending up with nothing but tears and sorrow are countless. If you love thos games like I do then grab it even at 15$ its nothing but value.
76561198084461141,Recommended,311690,29534502,Posted: 27 January,all,Kerneltt,"excelent game, just what i wanted"
,Recommended,311690,29534511,Posted: 27 January,all,Biidi,"A game where bullets shoot guns that shoot bullets? Mr Torgue would be proud, especially if there were more EXPLOSIONS!!!!Seriously though, it's a fun game even as much as I suck at it. Next to the Borderlands series, this one game probably has more guns in it than any other game ever made. Lots of silly guns, such as the Lowercase R which fires in a burst the word 'bullet' and it says 'bullet' each time it fires even. Some guns that are based off guns in movies or other games such as the Proton Pack (Ghostbusters) or the Megahand (Mega Man).I only have 2 complaints about the game. First, it only has local multiplayer. I understand why. Even just the slight latency from a LAN game would be enough to have clients hit by bullets they see as in a different spot. It just wouldn't work very well.Second, when facing downwards you hold your gun far off to the side, this is especially noticable with pistols. I personally find this makes it just a little bit more challenging to aim when shooting at enemies that are towards the bottom of the screen. There's a bit more to it but I just can't find the right words to express it.So, that's it. Fun game, 2 minor gripes. Maybe someday I'll be able to beat the boss on floor 2...and then immediately afterwards I can tell my brother's grandkids what it was like gaming in the 'olden' days."
,Recommended,311690,26486632,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,[DMT] Meany,"Yep, heaps of comparisons to Nuclear Throne, but, my 2 cents. The room system in gungeon gives you a lot of action and it feels like faster gameplay for a short duration before you clear the room, then the doors unlock and the room is safe to give you a breather.Also with the inclusion of dodge rolling it gives a bit more interactivity in the fights and the potential for some awesome ""I AM A HUMAN GOD!"" moments when you roll through areas filled with bullets - which for the most part move slower than NT. The game itself seems very polished in art style, gameplay, barely any bugs and a lot of freaking awesome secrets, some incredibly rare, some not.Really, in the end, if you have the few bucks to grab gungeon, go for it, especially if NT went down well, or you like REALLY bad puns. As in puns that are so bad that they are good.. Really what I am saying is that if you weren't a father before playing this game, you will be prepared afterwards.P.S. Do not unlock the micro transaction gun, it just makes the gun game mode harder :D"
76561198125464744,Recommended,311690,29530434,Posted: 27 January,all,Not Walter,like skyrim with guns
76561198087842384,Recommended,311690,29556193,Posted: 28 January,all,Chilipro90,Gud game
,Recommended,311690,29556281,Posted: 28 January,all,Dogge Sauce,You can be a sentient bullet and shoot sentient bullets with a gun made of bullets which fires a gun which fires bullets. 10/10
76561197998908349,Recommended,311690,29556655,Posted: 28 January,all,Soulforged,"If you like games like the Binding of Issac, etc., you'll love this one. Game is well made, fun and the music is great."
,Recommended,311690,29554501,Posted: 28 January,all,Sunky The HedgeHog,THIS GAME IS ABSALOUTLY AMAZING!!If you are looking for a graet time killer or a tough game....LOOK NO FURTHER!!The game has been made even better with the supply drop update and has added a save system.The game no longer needs you to play one long run anymore.Overall it is a 9/10.YOU NEED TO PLAY IT!
76561197971774097,Recommended,311690,29554909,Posted: 28 January,all,Mufasa Hune,"8 Hours played so far, and I love all the mystery and surprises within the game.  It is a fairy straight forward game but has a lot of satire and hidden elements worth exploring.  Even inferior weapons are really fun to use."
76561197972384435,Recommended,311690,29555170,Posted: 28 January,all,Cantaloupe,pretty dank
76561198162535062,Recommended,311690,29555238,Posted: 28 January,all,SufferLemon,This game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ and you'll love every second of it.
76561198251172318,Recommended,311690,28129181,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Timberwolf,"This game is really spectacular. It is very difficult, though.  I have played for 75+ hours, and my best is the hollow.  If you look up people like Northernlion or Retromation who play/ played gungeon, you will find that they are really good. Like, on their first run they kill the final boss good. So, yeah. Don't get fooled by the youtubers who play this game, because it is hard. HARD... (thats what she said)"
,Recommended,311690,29557862,Posted: 28 January,all,Vektoraz,"Fun and challenging, but a bit on the slower side for a bullet hell. Still would reccommend and definitly worth the price."
,Recommended,311690,29557900,Posted: 28 January,all,Elf,"I've played for 4 hours straight now.Can't even go past level 3.This is like Dark Souls but 2D and with guns and more brutal.Gym-bird with a machine gun, bullets that can shoot more bullets and most of all... a water gun that can kill a fully armed behemoth swinging a mace made out of bullets.Also, steep as the seventh hell's deepest pit learning curve when you go first up against a boss: ""Meh these guys take only 3 hits to be killed. I'm sure the boss wouldn't be much of a- HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO DODGE ALL THESE AND KILL THE GOD-FORSAKEN BIRD.""Hint: Do yourself a favor and get a controller for this. Easy mode for the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,311690,29558101,Posted: 28 January,all,Luicpher7495,love it amazing game but it with it had online co-op the dev made it sound like that would be impossible tho
76561198007740936,Recommended,311690,29556984,Posted: 28 January,all,Slyde,"This is game is actually a lot of fun. The music is fantastic and I really enjoy the simply, yet fulfilling gameplay. Sometimes you just....really, REALLY, want to shoot GUNS and LOTS OF THEM!"
76561198331591188,Recommended,311690,29557102,Posted: 28 January,all,Jace,"Amazing game for the $9 i spent, great replayablity and tons of weapons and items to unlock"
76561198130582036,Recommended,311690,29557474,Posted: 28 January,all,TheAngryEngie | ItsAlmostSpookyT,"Very good game , good art style , good gun design , defines what a bullet hell should be like , good game keep up the good work!!:)"
76561198049495367,Recommended,311690,29573495,Posted: 29 January,all,Mephisto,"Exellent game for hardcore players who don't mind struggle weeks to get rid that freaking insane boss, reminds me a lot of bind of issac and meat boy with a mix of Mushihimesama.  Great game, can't w8 for the new updates and some new main characters to be add."
,Recommended,311690,22424507,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,King,"SPOILER-FREE REVIEWEnter the Gungeon;Bullet Hell/Roguelike genre of game.First off let me just say I don't review games often, but this one is special. Bullet Hells and Roguelikes are within my favorite genres for a few reasons, such as difficulty and replay value. Most people have played games like The Binding of Isaac as a gateway roguelike, but a good Bullet Hell is difficult to find. This game is one of the only single-player Bullet Hells I've ever seen work, and even better with roguelike elements!Now that I got that out of my system, let's actually review the different elements of the game.Difficulty: ★★★★★★★★☆☆ 7-8/10The game is definitely difficult, being a bullet hell and all. But there is patterns, and once you learn them it can get much easier. The first two floors for example will become easy pretty quickly for most people. But later floors or stages in the game are very chaotic, difficult, and the patterns are more sporadic. This difficulty factor gives the game a real feel of accomplishment, you can feel yourself progress. This amount of difficulty is not everyone's cup of tea though, and no difficulty settings is kind of a shame.Replay Value: ★★★★★★★★☆☆ 8/10This is a little more debatable but I personally think there is a ton of replay value. So many guns, from a gun shooting just bullets, to an ant shooting oil and fire! There is a ton to try out here, the weapons are one of the strongest points of this game. The items are also good but honestly kinda boring when you compare them to items like in TBOI. I won't spoil anything but just know that later in the game you get a chuck of replay thrown at you, and the result is great. Not to mention the game has a ton of secrets and easter eggs to find that all reward you well!Music: ★★★★★☆☆☆☆☆ 5/10I honestly thought I would love the music in this game, but it ended up being very annoying. The first floor for example has just a plethora of sounds all trying to play at once, and it's very painful to listen to. The music that you hear on the main menu screen is AMAZING though! There is gems here and there, but also pretty weak ones aswell. It's just a mixed bundle for the music in this game.Fun Factor: ★★★★★★★★★☆ 9/10This game is insanely addicting to play, and it just keeps pulling me back in. Dying can honestly bring tons of anger, but 30 minutes later I get back on for another try. The feeling of knowing why you died and that it was avoidable is infuriating and exhilarating! It really makes you feel like you can change the outcome on the next run and progress farther. This skill based progression makes for a rewarding experience that almost only roguelikes can bring for me.Price: ★★★★★★★★★★ 10/10This game has an amazing price for the amount of content given! For $13-$15 it is practically a robbery, go buy this game!Cons:No online-coop (yet)Weak collector's editionFirst floors get very boring over timeAttack patterns are reused over all the floors.Verdict: 8/10The game is a blast to play and progress through, and I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes rougelikes or bullet hells! With a huge array of guns, items, enemies and more it would be a sin not to recommend this game. This game stand among the titans of roguelikes like TBOI and Nuclear Throne in my book. This game provides so much fun for such a satisfying price, it's a gem! Basically what I am saying here isGO BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,311690,30756222,Posted: 26 March,all,Borge,"This game is great they went all out on the theme of guns and bullets with lots of weapons, tight controls and a really fun gameplay loop. The permadeath, random levels  and different types of weapons makes it really replayable. A run takes about an hour, but it is a very hard game and you die very easily but unlike a game like The Binding of Isaac you have from the beginning abilities that helps you avoid damage. The art and music is very fitting, if you liked nuclear throne and binding of isaac but you want more this is perfect or if you enjoy a hard but rewarding game with lots of variation and secrets."
76561198171484249,Recommended,311690,22354277,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,DrKchetes,"Awesome coop game, extremely fun and addictive"
,Recommended,311690,22376841,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Elteeb96,"One of the first games in a long time that gave me the classic ""one more run"" syndrome. This game is a near perfect mix of Nuclear Throne and the Binding of Isaac, giving you that item hungry feel while not relying on items to the point of frustration. Though the default guns are rather lacking and you can get some what screwed over on the first floor thanks to the RNG it's still a fantastic game and more than worth the price. The number of different items in this game is unimagenable, ranging from pillows to coffee. Odds are you will find something to suit your playstyle. Some of the down sides being the lack of online co-op and the staleness of the default guns are easily overcome by the sheer replayability and well polished gameplay mechanics. So over all this game is getting a solid9.5/10from me. The only required improvements in my opinion is the addition of online co-op and a way to guarantee a different gun on the first floor.(maybe a a wheel-of-fortune style gun selection screen at the start or something?) So what are you doing reading this? Buy it already and have some fun!"
76561198065408546,Recommended,311690,22340278,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,szarkamichael,"This game is not easy... if you are not someone that likes a serious challenge turn away now.  If you are a fan of Nulcear Throne or Binding of Isaac you will have one hell of a fun experience.The art in this game is great, and keeps to it's fun, goofy atmosphere.  The guns are over the top and absolutely hilarious (in my first run I picked up gun that made me laugh so much that I was hit twice by the enemies in the room).  The controls are incredibly tight and the dodge-roll mechanics feel very fair.  I've made it to the 4th chapter thus far and have seen beautifully varied rooms, with a bunch of different enemies, and some really cool little secrets to boot.  My only small knock on this game is the soundtrack; it feels slightly lackluster.  It's hard because I've been playing Hyper Light Drifter with it's haunting soundtrack at the same time, which is a tough comparison musically for just about any game.All in all I think I'll be sinking a good deal of hours into this game moving forward.  An incredibly fun experience.9/10"
,Recommended,311690,22350537,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Supermaxman,"Dark Souls mixed with The Binding of Isaac mixed with Nuclear Throne. I highly reccomend if you want a challenge. Most of the negative reviews I have read have said one of these three things:1) Game is too hard:Yes, the game is hard. In the same vein as the Binding of Isaac, if you are not very good at the game some runs cannot be won. If you invest time into the game and get better you can consistantly go farther and farther. The difficulty in this game is perfect right now imo.2) RNG is too much:Yes, it is a game based around drops. You definitely can get unlucky, but if you are good enough you could complete the entire game without getting hit with the starting gun. The RNG in this game is akin to Isaac also, in that you might get zero good items in the entire run, but you could still win the game with Isaac's base stats. That does not happen often, but this goes back to the arguement of difficulty.The game is HARD. If you find an incredible gun, you can go farther with the same lower level of skill then if you find zero guns, and I think that is why people are complaining about the RNG. Every won cannot be won unless you are playing at a very high level. There are also things the player can do to reduce the effect of RNG such as knowing shot patterns and dodge distances.3) Guns are not all really good:As per other games in this genre, every item and weapon cannot be amazing. From my personal experience most guns turn out to be good in different situations, but you can always find that gun that is good in every situation, and I think that is what the complaints are about. People want more guns that are good in every situation. I do not agree with this, and think that with some minor balance changes, which some have already been added, the game can tend towards more of a balance with a few more guns being in the medium range of excellence.Regardless, you do not need an amazing gun to beat the game, but if you find one it can help you go much farther at a lower level of skill.This is a great game, and I highly reccomend it if you are a fan of Isaac, Dark Souls, or Nuclear Throne and do not mind a serious challenge."
76561198037780282,Recommended,311690,22343998,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,defconrazor32,"This reviw will change  after  i beat the gameWhen i first played this game i was very skeptic and thought it was just another boring game. Once i saw how much fun it was, it was a blast. I do warn people if you can't deal with extreme difficulty this game  might not be for you. The music is ok, but can get very repetative, but the transition  fighting and off fight is good. The guns are  kinda a hit or miss  meaning  some guns can be useless but that doesn't mean they aren't fun to use . It's not every day you get to shoot alphabets  or glaciers or even T-Shirts which i kinda find funny. The starter guns  are ok, The game really shines  when it tests your dodging abilities against bullets and tough situations. I found myself thinking twice when i saw two different bullet patterns went across the screen and even off screen which adds to the difficulty. The controls are very easy even with mouse and keyboard. The bosses are by no means a push over it's  like a top down shooter with bullet hell when you meet some of these bosses meaning  remebering patterns  will be a big  thing between you and the enemies and bosses you encounter. The floors will get harder too as you go and there are npc's you have to rescue if you want more help. I did read a few reviews from this game about the classes   and no they aren't the same they are similar but no class is the  same if you take the time  to read the items they have and the guns they use.The main idea is  for this game is you love bullet hell difficult and lots of guns with a  strategic twist to top down shooting fun this game will definetly be for you and the plus this game is a great  time waster. I give it a seven outta of ten"
,Recommended,311690,22344025,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,MY NAME JOSH,"Its okay but from the start its instantly overpowered.  Passive items are always ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unless they give you more hearts.  Good guns are a rare commodity, and items in the shop are overpriced (specifically keys and hearts, im not paying the price of a gun for one of those.)And BTW, you cant have an overtime damage debuff in a game like this where you have only 3 hearts most of the time.  I accidentally touched one of those fire ball enemies and was set on fire and lost all my health from the debuff. I had 5 ♥♥♥♥ing heart containers, a rare as ♥♥♥♥ run to get.  I lost all five.  Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and it doesnt work.  This game needs serious fixing.Honestly if you want to keep your sanity dont play this game, but if you're a masochistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like me then feel free."
76561198025582907,Recommended,311690,22366620,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,PieMaster00,"PROS* Fun, fast paced gameplay* Great little details showing how much care the makers put into the game* Plenty of little secrets and challenges even after you ""beat"" the game* Grab bag of various guns and items filled with pop-culture references* Difficult and random like a rouge-like should beCONS* Despite their variations in appearance, many guns have the same feel (weak)* Some quests are far too tedious for enjoyment* Difficult and random like a rouge-like should beAll in all a very fun little game, mixed with difficulty and cute pixel graphics making it equal parts frustrating and addicting."
,Recommended,311690,22366689,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Kinshorin,"I REALLY like this game.  I'm not a big fan of RNG games usually, so I was suprised at how much fun I've been having with this game.  I don't have much to say besides I really like a lot of its aspects.  My only issue is with the bosses.  They have a tad to much health and have no real ""pattern.""  They have very loose attack patterns (as in, when the do X, it will result in Y), but usually the bullets will get too hectic and there will be no way for you to dodge it, resulting in you taking damage regardless.  At least in most bullet hell games you can still avoid them if you're good enough.  I can't tell you how many times I almost killed a boss (whom, again, has way a bit more health than it should), just to be hit by a load of bullets I couldn't dodge and have to start all over from the beginning.  You do have ""Blanks"" which clear the screen of enemy fire, but you'll probably run out of those really quickly.The game is still good though.  Its just that the bosses are BS hard because of undodgeable bullet spam.  They're hard for other reasons too, but those other reasons aren't total BullSh*t."
,Recommended,311690,22311097,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SStilo,"*UPDATE*The comments in my review made me change my mind, so I decided to change it to ""Recommended"", not because I liked the game, but because it's not fair to rate a game like this as ""Not recommended"" only because it's not ready for online co-op. Certainly, the game never advertised online co-op. It was entirely my mistake to buy it without confirming that beforehand.Besides, my friend told me his wife just can't stop playing Enter The Gungeon since he installed it, so maybe it's a good game after all.So, it all comes down to this: if you're looking for some online co-op action with this game, DON'T BUY IT! If online co-op is not a must for you, it might be worth your money. It's fairly cheap, after all."
,Recommended,311690,22313471,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,(aethom)  ネコ im a cat,"Whoa, I did not expect what this game had to offer! I wasn't keeping up on the development,  but when I first saw it I thought it was going to be similar to Nuclear Throne, but it has so much in common with Binding of Isaac that it might be my new favorite rogue-lite. Boatload of items? Check. Different characters to play (albeit with the same abilities, just different starting items; would like some variation there tbh)? Check. Tons of weapons with different firing patterns? Check. Secrets? Check! I could keep going, but you probs get the idea by now. Not sure if the amount of time I get out of it will compare to what I've played of Isaac, but I'd say it's well worth your time."
76561198044616433,Recommended,311690,22312550,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,kn0tlis,"This game is hard, but fair. It's a game where you get better almost every time you play and when you die you really feel like it's your fault. There is a great sense of progress both from advancing further in the Gungeon and by unlocking new and fun weapons. For the price there isn't a better game. M+KB > Controller IMO for this game.Don't give up when you can't get past the second floor by hour 10. If you have experience in bullet hell games you'll likely pick it up quicker though."
,Recommended,311690,22312623,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Broodmama,"A difficult top down shooter with an incredible arsenal of unique weapons. Challenging adrenaline-fueled firefights in a variety of environments. Very enjoyable dungeon-crawling and loot machanics. Spectacular, colorful, pixel art."
,Recommended,311690,22312635,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,[₪] Canadian Jesus,"Tl;Dr - I have 0/10 regrets buying this game.A lot of people have said this is a cross between nuclear throne and binding of Isaac. I have to agree since I can't think of a better description. There's a bit of crypt of the necrodancer in there as well. I guess this all begs a little elaboration:It's like nuclear throne in the sense that it's a twin stick shmup/bullet hell with a high difficulty (it is crazy hard)that requires some ammo and inventory management.It's like Isaac because of the truly random assortment of absurd weapons and items that greatly effect the outcome of your run. There are also all kinds of special rooms and secrets that any dedicated Isaac fan may find familiar (and some that are all new).Finally it takes a page from the book of the necrodancer in base-expansion where-by finding and rescuing characters in game will open up more rooms in your starting area that let you do various things (ie unlocking weapons to have spawn in the gungeon etc).I can't speak too much to the late game as I can only get through the first level and have made it to the 1st secret area once (and was abruptly killed) but from what I've seen so far I know I'll be spending some time with this title. Yes, it is difficult and frustrating at times but in that dark-soulsian kind of way where you know that if you died it was do to a mistake or lack of skill on your behalf and I have yet to feel cheated out of my run. The visuals and music are both phenominal. Very impressed and it's definitly one of those pixel games that can achieve high levels of immersion. There's also a lot of humor in the game and TONNES of references to other games, movies etc. You can even get the wind-up pop goes the weasel gun from futurama which was a nice touch. I won't ramble on too much about specific mechanics and such since I think that's part of the fun of getting to know a new game but I'll finish off by saying that this is one of the funner experiences I've had recently on steam and if you like this genre of game even remotely then you will have no regrets even at full price."
76561198217486839,Recommended,311690,22311448,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,MrGenton,"Wow, Let me tell you what this is!!! Its the Biggest compeitition to Binding of Isacc, something we all thought nuclear throne would be, But failed. Let me tell you the reason I LOVE THIS GAME. And a few problem about it.Pros:GUNS- TONS AND TONS OF GUNS, What more do you needAbilities- A lot of abilities to help your gun play and beat the levelsProgression- This game has a level of progression, It will start out hard, But as you play more unlocking more guns and abilities, you slowly become better and better at the game which means hours of funCharacters- 4 diverse characters all having their own perks and disadvantagesBosses- The bosses are fun and tough to playPuns and Funs= This game doesn't take itself too seriously, So their are plenty of puns in their and a couple of easter eggs (such as a gears of war reference, that is a perk so you can get active reloads)Dodge and Roll- This mechanic adds a new layer to the game giving you a brief time of invincibilitySoundtrack - Is like a angel throwing up RAINBOWS, Its just AMAZINGCons: Nothing too serious more of thing I would like to seeBosses- Though the bosses in the game are dynamic, There doesn't feel like there is enough a few more to sproof it up would be dandyCharacters- Same thing about bosses, Great and fun, But 4! You guys could make more, And may name one MrGenton, I kid, Unless your cool with it... 4 just make it feel repeititive and makes me feel that I am playing these characters over and over. (I wouldnt count the 5th one because he is only for co-op and I have no friends)Co-op Online- Speaking of co-op, why not have it online, I am sure you guys are already doing it, Cant wait,,,Thats about it, It mostly can only go up from where its at, and I cant wait to see what to come, Defnitley BUY THIS GAME, Unless your Chicken"
76561198066268034,Recommended,311690,22323270,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Calvinic,"While I couldn't call it extremely innovative. ETG is a well made, good looking, addictive bullet hell rougue-lite that is a must for shooter fans.Charming presentation and theme. I like how most of the enemies resemble bullets, shotgun shells, grenades, and so forth. It adds to the game's emphasis on shooting and guns. Pixel art is nicely drawn and fluid, the lighting espicially adds to the effect.  I also like how I can leave a level completely destroyed upon completion. I'm talking bullet holes in walls, floors littered with discarded mags and clips, burn damage, spent shells and casings. It looks great.Combat is fast paced and choatic but enjoyable. The enemies are varied and have their own little attack patterns which you must learn and the guns are generally fun to use. However, this is where the lack of innovation mostly stems from. All you're doing is shooting and dodging your way from room to room till the boss room comes out. All while collecting a random assortment of items, people, and guns to help you. The repetition can start to get old after a while as this is what the core gameplay is about.Boss fights are varied and challenging. It seems like there is more emphasis on skill to beat them as opposed to relying strictly on item power in other similar games.The overall difficulty of this game could turn some people away too. ETG is a hard game. Very hard. The RNG factor can range from generous to downright cruel. Some runs might give powerful items right off the bat. Some may hardly give you any.  You could argue that leads to unbalenced gameplay, but in my eyes it makes the game better because you're having to deal with the hand dealt.Overall, ETG is a pretty good shooter for what it is. Though I wouldn't say what it does is 100% percent original."
,Recommended,311690,22322805,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,.nadza,This game is rly smiliar to some rouge-like games but its also diffrent.Its very good game for that amount of money.Its hard at start but u get better and better and its just easy then this game is 8/10 to me.If they add online co-op that is just gonna be the best rouge-like game ever. + they need to upgrade minimap a little bit but the game is rly good i recommend it.
,Recommended,311690,22292221,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Poncho Goblin,"The gameplay is incredibly solid and it has fair amounts of witty humor to top it off.Also, the Gorgun's name is Meduzi10/10"
,Recommended,311690,22292367,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,DoubleNeg,Good isaac-y fun.
,Recommended,311690,22307749,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,nick nolte's hawt twin sister,this game has made me reinvested in video games ive always loved rogue-likes like binding of isaac and it dominated the field on good rouge-likes till now this is the first real challenger sense nuclear thrown and I was getting tired of boi because it was so easy and this is a good change of speed being agravated by a game its a real challenge 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,311690,22307748,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Slith,"Enter the FUNgeon.Super enjoyable bullet-hell rogue-lite dungeon-crawler, (that was a mouthful) with pretty pixel graphics, ontop with some interesting weapons, mechanics and characters.Would highly recommend for anyone who enjoys(ed) The Binding of Isaac or bullet-hell shmups in general."
,Recommended,311690,22307905,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,CapnBald,"I LOVE this game. Roguelike top-down twin stick shooter (assuming you're using a controller). I'm crap with M+K vs controller for this type of game. Plenty of weaponry puns. Watch the trailer, and that level of ridiculous happens for the entire game. Haven't even beaten the second boss, but hot damn do I think people should play this game."
,Recommended,311690,22331656,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Nogan,"It's a roguelite very similar to Binding of Isaac, Nuclear Throne, and Risk of Rain. What separates Enter the Gungeon from similar titles is the focus on the gunplay itself.  Don't expect the type of roguelite game where the upgrades and items you find influence the course of your run. This is first and foremost a ""twinstick shooter"". The roguelite elements serve to keep runs fresh, but upgrades and guns generally won't carry you by themselves. So what you get is a sort of top down Gunstar Heroes where one run you'll be firing rockets, and another you're using a barrel with fish for bullets.The particular strength of this focus is that your attention will never be drawn from the main purpose of this game: kill♥♥♥♥♥♥and DON'T get hit. Roguelite action games can sometimes get muddled up in straying from the action to focus on optimizing your build. If that's what you specifically like about the genre, then you might want to avoid Enter the Gungeon. However, if you enjoy fast paced and challenging action with tight controls, you'll definitely like this game."
,Recommended,311690,22329283,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,frontenac,"Like a more visceral binding of isaac, with plenty of content and amazing visuals. Great soundtrack to add on as well, although for some unknown reason to me the game has been hard for me to sit down and get multiple hours in, unlike binding of isaac. Still recommended to any player who enjoys dungeon crawling, bullet hell type games."
76561198018675548,Recommended,311690,22329454,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,eddiedoowop712,"This is not a game meant to be played causually. There are no ""carry"" items or ""god runs.""This is a challenging game that is rewarding to succeed at. The first (and so far only) time I cleared a whole floor flawlessly, it felt like an incredible accomplishment, because I had to rely on skill, and my experience with the game.There are RNG elements, but it feels more authentic than many other games. This is largely due to the fact player skill is much more valuable than player dps, so drops or shop items don't make or break a run. Some weapons are extemely situational; laying down AOE damage across most of a room could be either good or bad, depending on room layout and enemy types. Some are great against bosses, others better for adds. There are passive and activated items also, but RNG mostly CHANGES the experience, rather than simply making it easier or harder.Gameplay mechanics are solid. Anytime I died, it was always my fault, not some poorly executed game feature or design element. Boss fights are intense to say the least, but within a few attempts you can get the hang of them. (My advice, worry more about not taking damage than damaging the boss). Reloading, using cover, dodging enemy patterns and dodge rolling, aiming and shooting, all in a frenzy feels great in this game. There is a decent amount of stuff to figure out, what certain rooms are for or how to interact with certain things are some examples. Also, even mildly successful runs will yield progress one way or another.The humor is there, some is just slightly too cute for me, but mostly spot on. Some of it plays on the (perhaps lack of) logic in the game... wasting your future trying to kill your past...you shoot a gun which fires bullets, at enemies who look like bullets, who themselves hold guns which shoot bullets at you! I can really appreciate the play on logic there, but some may see it as being silly. Another one of the great elements of this game are it's references to retro and classic video games.  All in all, you won't be bored reading the text in this game, that's for sure.Graphics are good, I mean its a certain style so you'll love it or hate it. This one is done very well, managing to evoke true retro feel while throwing in just the right modern touches. Scaling and resolution options could use a little work (I have a black border on all 4 sides of the screen!?) , but I'm sure that will improve in the near future. Even the in-game font for text is true retro.Sounds seem right for this title. Music is very good, and it also fits the game very well.All of these elements and more combine for a truly great gaming experience that only gets better the more you play."
76561198006577736,Recommended,311690,22331290,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Basic Bitch,"There isn't much to say about this game, but a few important points need to be brought up. Firstly, this game can be quite difficult, so if you aren't willing to practice and be patient, then you are likely going to be frustrated.This game is extraordinary thought. The mechanics, the art, the theme, the gun puns are all fantastic and well done. There are some balance issues I notice with some of the guns being that there are too many weak guns and not enough trade off guns. For example, the Tshirt Cannon clip should be reduced and rate of fire slowed down, but increase it's damage and lower accuracy so there is a reason to choose it other than ""it's better than my starter weapon"".I want each gun to feel like it has more of a defined purpose rather than a gimmick. Like the peashooter is literally just a starter gun you can find basically giving you a useless gun, where they could have had fun and made it shoot big green peas making it splash too giving it group damage purpose.Not to say I don't love the variety and humor, it's just that I feel some guns shine more than others. Some of the bosses are pretty unfair. My least favorite to do is the Tank. He spam fires, destroys cover and craps out minions with machine guns leaving you with little opportunity to avoid damage. Compared to the Bullrog (sp?)(black sphere with skull on it), although it has a lot of bullets and bounces around the room, it's patterns are avoidable with a little skill and timing. The Ammoconda adds should be killable. Other then that, most bosses feel pretty well thought out. Overall, this game sits at about an 8/10 for me. A 9/10 would be doing a balance pass and also tightening up some of the lag that occasionally sneaks in. A 10/10 would include an expansion or at least a confirmation on one."
76561198060327406,Recommended,311690,22325905,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,YeOldWhapGoblin,"I found a pillow and a mailbox that I can use as guns.Must I say more? Eh, might as well...Don't buy this unless you love the feeling of pain. Even the basic enemies can be a nightmare."
76561198116182957,Recommended,311690,22326069,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Zayark201,I absolutely LOVE this game but it would be 10 times better if there was online co-op.
,Recommended,311690,22325176,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Chan-Tzu Ti,"I'm only a few hours in and can already tell I'll be playing this a lot. Replayability is solid. The game requires skill to progress and it has some very interesting boss fights. It's what would happen if you'd merge Nuclear Throne with Binding of Isaac Rebirth. Arguably better than both.It's your typical roguelike bullet-hell shooter, but a bit more difficult than most. It's a very rewarding game and occassionally very frustrating. The game is never unfair, but the weapon drops and such do have a bit of RNG to them. This doesn't quite matter too much, because the weapons tend to be fairly well balanced. If a gun shoots without reloading, with unlimited ammo, chances are it won't do a lot of damage per shot. If a gun shoots a single energy bolt every two seconds, it quite likely one-shots a lot of weaker enemies. You'll get the idea. In most cases balance is alright. Even when a gun that requires you to hit more often does equal spending more time evading incoming bullets of course. I believe this is the problem people have with the 'balance', but it's not necessarily an unbalanced game at all. It's perfectly possible to defeat bosses with the lower tier weapons. I don't think it's unfair for a game to start with low tier weapons anyway and this game does have a great variety in weapons you can find. Much like Nuclear Throne this game has awesome pixel art graphics, great animations and impressive physics.Some gripes I've got with this game:-on Mac OSX this game doesn't seem to run at 60 fps, which is kind of unacceptable. Maybe there's a fix, maybe it's related to my iMac 27"" somehow, but I haven't found a solution.-there really only are a few playable characters, which is really disappointing. This game needs way more characters and a greater variety in starting load-out. Not to say the characters that are there aren't any good, but this game definitely doesn't have the character variety like Binding of Isaac Rebirth. A shame, because mechanically this game is quite a lot  better than Binding of Isaac Rebirth in how it depends more on skill, than items / buffs and 'luck'.-I would have expected some loot in breakable stuff like crates, boxes, bushes, piles of books etc. but so far.. none of that? What's up with that??-the shop is nice, but it seems based on my current skill I'm kind of forced to get health related purchases. Not really a problem, but it's kind of sad we can't sell items (?)-aside from shops, you'll occasionally run into something I'd assume is an item of weapon crafting place, yet there's no tutorial on how to use it?-flipping the tables for cover is a great gameplay mechanic, but... the game really should let players auto-vault over tables that are not flipped. For a game that overs dodge rolls and quite dynamic movement all around, running into tables that tend to be all over the place is not much fun. I'm aware of how flipping tables can prevent from getting hit, but for a game where running into crates and barrels breaks them, it seems a bit weird to be stopped by tables..?All of these should be considered fairly minor issues. The game itself is solid and easy to recommend to anyone into games like Binding of Isaac Rebirth, Rogue Legacy, Nuclear Throne, etc. I'd even say it's mechanically one of the very best currently available in the genre. It's also priced great for the hours of fun you'll get out of it. There's a slight learning curve in recognising attack patterns that have quite a few awesome twists not unlike Binding of Isaac Rebirth but on steroids. Once you're getting the hang of it, it's a very very good roguelike game that really tests your skills. Be prepared to die a lot first though!"
,Recommended,311690,22325624,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Gunslinger19,"Enter the Gungeon is what would happen if Borderlands and Crawl had a baby that grew up hanging out with Crypt of the Necrodancer. And if that isn't enough to get your attention then I don't know what is.It's a shoot-em-up/bullet hell-light procedurally generated rogue-like with great pixel art, solid music, and an insane number of guns. It has a light story with a surprisingly nice world and characters all steeped in gun puns and outrageous fun (son). My favorite weapon so far is the ""300 Dead Count"" -- a pillow enchancted to act like a gun that shoots smaller pillows and can knock enemies unconscious at close range, bursting into feathers and empty cases when it hits.Solo, it's a blast. But with co-op it's a must-buy."
,Recommended,311690,22324745,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,willy,"This game is amazing. Tight controls, delicious pixel art and harder than my♥♥♥♥♥♥when I'm with your mother on saturdays."
76561198013271640,Recommended,311690,22327382,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Fierce_Dread,Fun game for the price. For sure worth every penny.
76561198092469315,Recommended,311690,22327688,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Diary of a Pimpy Kid,Binding of Isac with guns
76561198019998793,Recommended,311690,22318930,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,the nazrat,"I'm sure a fair few comparisons will be drawn to binding of Issac. They belong to the same genre but are very different: horrifying biblical grossness is replaced with punny gun jokes, 4 direction fire is replaced with full mouse aiming, tonnes of crazy guns replace tears. I think a huge change I love is the treatment of RNG; choosing to sacrafice money and other good things (like guns) always seem to lead to good results (Sacraficing 2 guns will give you one powerful gun in return, for example). but there are still bad things that can happen (looking at you, Mimic) but as you learn what these bad things are you, as a player, learn to evade them. I equate it to a psedo leveling system, that is to say, as you become a more experienced 'gungeoneer' you can recognise and counter the negative events. There is also neutral or subjective RNG; like what boss you get on a floor, what items are in the store, what loot apears in chests.The game also features cover and evasion: there is a dodge roll that grants brief invincibility that really adds a lot of skill. The table flipping is improvised cover in a room, it really helps early on to effectively have a sheild, and its nice some mobs will use them too.Edit: as of playing a fair few hours more one criticism is that the missions to unlock starting levels are an absolute chore, and if you aim to do them they take a lot of fun out of the game. One was ridiculously luck based that requires you to have 3 keys and 120 credits by the end of level 2, it took me hours of economy rounds to try and get this, the main problem is that key drop at random or are occaisionally in the store. you start with one and have to pray that the game: Drops keys, generates a high credit level one, is generous on weapon drops, and puts keys in the store. It is the most frustraiting part of the game, offering little challenge because it feels so reliant on luck. The worst part is now I've beaten that I've still got two more to do! the next is easy as the challenge carries over runs, but the last one is beating a boss without being hit. This feels like its a mechanic for casual players to be able to actually see the later levels, but the challenge is geared toward people who can beat the game with thier eyes closed. I would prefer if the challenge I just beat could be completed over multiple runs i.e cash in the keys in one run and then the credits on a separate run I feel this would still give the missions an element of skill but also remove the frustration of trying to beat the challenges.TL;DRThe game falls into the category of nuclear throne/ binding of Issac. For me, the theme and the manner in which it differes from other games in the genre makes it a purchase I'm incredibly happy with. Easy to play, lots of ways to improve (high skill ceiling), lots of variety in bosses/mobs/guns/items/characters. Unlocking later starting levels sucks. For me personally a diamond in the rough."
,Recommended,311690,22326976,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,kemi,"Bullet Hell simulator 2016In this roguelike dungeon crawler, you're faced with bright colored bullets pouring in torwards one of your selected characters from all angles. It's certainly up there on the toughness scale, but it's a great game nontheless. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,311690,22308657,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,ILLEGAL MEMES 4 SALE,"Solid gameplay, very addicting. But there is just one problem, i feel like im needing to rely on gun drops rather than my own skill most of the time. And the game can get very very difficult.1. Needs a Easy, Normal, Hard modes2. Needs to have a very well built equiping system8/10"
76561197970639932,Recommended,311690,22312178,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Stoop,"Let's get my two problems with this game out of the way first:* This game badly needs a nethack-like save system. Who cares if people find a way to save scumm? That just means people like the game enough to do it. Save scumming means that as developers, YOU'VE WON. The game is long enough to merit it.* Please fix mouse button 4/5 support on linux. I want to bind blanks to a thumb button.Ok. Bad parts covered. THIS GAME IS AMAZING. Some of the ""not recommended"" reviews have some good criticism in them but really, if you like NT or BoI and don't buy this game, you are making a mistake, in my opinion.It seems pretty straightforward at first. Until you find your first puzzle, and realize there's hidden rooms and entire hidden levels. And the discoverability/puzzle difficulty ratio of these is pretty well done."
,Recommended,311690,22312321,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Mel,"Holy Bullet-Hell Batgun, there are more bullets in this game than all of the universe. PLAY IT!"
76561198096163645,Recommended,311690,30734834,Posted: 25 March,all,Demonic Force,"Great game, if you like bullet hells like The Binding of Issac, but with an eye catching feature, the graphics. Great soundtrack and story line. Really challenging, not an easy game. If you're debating on buying it, don't hesitate."
,Recommended,311690,30740347,Posted: 25 March,all,Kerafto,"The art style and flow of the game is very unique. For the price tag, the replayability is easily worth your purchase."
,Recommended,311690,27549119,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Unagi,Great game for quick pickup and go for when you have people over with the local co-op.
,Recommended,311690,27549126,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pastaroni,I'm bad at it but it's pretty good
,Recommended,311690,27553562,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yggdrasil,Great rogue-like. Starts very difficult but will get easier as you learn the enemy's patterns and unlock better guns that will randomly drop in the gungeon. The guns and items are the main form of progression and every run starts the same except for each character. If you like binding of Isaac or gun puns this game is for you.
,Recommended,311690,27552276,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stoolfeather,What a fun ♥♥♥♥in game!
,Recommended,311690,27512896,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KBitegp,"Well, what can you say about this game? It's great, great in graphics, great in mechanic and plot and, most important, great at making players mad! but...if you get mad at this, then shame is on you; because in a bullet-hell game you can't expect to win in a couple runs, or a dozen either. Enter the Gungeon is in my opinion the Dark Souls of the rougelikes, very challenging, it punishes for (almost) your every error and if you die just be patient, focus (or in the instance of the game, aim) and go on fearless, eventually you'll make it. overall, EtG requires patience,strategic skills, dodging mastery and determination and it can either give satisfactioning conqueres or (both most of the times) abysmal failures but most important, ADRENALINE!"
76561198041072387,Recommended,311690,27518554,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JimStix,"Fox, do a dodge roll!"
76561198029886864,Recommended,311690,27544784,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zomb,"This game leaks with charm. Plenty of guns, references to tons of other games, movies and generally very media savvy. Difficulty is very hard, but starts out relatively simple. Overall rating I'd give it, 9/10"
76561198013021765,Recommended,311690,27548321,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SeRo,"This game is a 10 out of 10 for me.The best way I can describe this game is a mix of the aesthetically pleasing visuals, as well as a great soundtrack, from Spelunky combined with the always-action-packed levels with fun, yet difficult, bosses from Nuclear Throne.It has a wide variety of guns to wreak havoc upon the cute, yet annoying, enemies from the Gungeon, tons of references to either other fun games, as well as movies and tv series, that overall give the game a very fun ambience to it.The sound effects plus the animations and graphics from the game are on point. This game has a ton of replay value. Plenty of secrets to be found throught the game.For reference, I've played many Rogue-Likes; Risk of Rain, Nuclear Throne, FTL Faster than Light, Sword of the Stars: The Pit, The Binding of Isaac, Spelunky, and even other somewhat Rogue-Like games such as Crypt of the Necromancer, Dungeon of the Endless, Infectonator Survivors, and Rogue Legacy. I've passed all those games as well as sunk in more than 100hrs, 200hrs, and even 300hrs, in most of those games.This game is fun. Very well worth the $7.50dlls it's going for right now. I'd love it if regular price was $10 dlls but even tho I bought it from day 1 at full price I have not regreted it at all."
,Recommended,311690,27247567,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gentik Solm,"Love this game, Perfect mix of Bullet-Hell and rogue-like dungeon crawler. 9/10"
,Recommended,311690,27932847,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PokeDoggo | csgobounty.com,"This is possibly the best time waster on steam, I couldn't reccomend this game high enough."
76561198071043045,Recommended,311690,27933087,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Suhoe skeleton,SO MUCH FUN!!!!!
,Recommended,311690,27977040,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pidustrio,"It's guns in a dungeon, what more can be said?"
,Recommended,311690,27971162,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ecchievement unlocked,i totally recommend this game
76561198153355856,Recommended,311690,27960091,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TOKASI,remote connection!!!! We need remote connection!!!!
76561198080276544,Recommended,311690,27952709,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lucien Virtus,"If you enjoyed Nuclear Throne, the Binding of Issac, or the first Legend of Zelda, you will enjoy Enter the Gungeon.  If you didn't,  you'll like it anyway."
76561198035323830,Recommended,311690,24220831,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,visible123,it good the game
,Recommended,311690,24145931,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Crispy Waffle,Its so good I cant actually beat the game
,Recommended,311690,24150962,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Negro Negroso,"Amazing Game. Incredibly addictive, great replay value, tons of weapons, passives and active items; funny references and quite challenging.I'm giving this title a 9/10 out of 10 for lacking a Endless mode. It sucks to finish up a run with a duct taped fightsabre/stinger and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of guon stones without the chance to to go down until your last bullet.Either way, amazing title, a must have for any rogue-like afficionado, such as myself."
76561198042955967,Recommended,311690,24144824,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nonaka,"Good things: the gameplay is very solid and enjoyable. Movement is fluid, shooting and killing things feel good, there's a good variety of items and good synergies between them, dificulty is high but progression is fair. Pixel art in this game looks mostly good. Sound effects feel nice.Bad things: most of the music in the game is forgettable."
76561198246349432,Recommended,311690,24144853,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Radcanisterphoenix,"Be prepared to die. Like a lot. Even for really dumb reasons, YOU. WILL. DIE. AT. SOME. POINT."
76561198268002506,Recommended,311690,24150799,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DonutDisturb,"Good Game! Very Unique and all! I've played some of the similar games that play, but this one actualy come to a more unique and hardcore version of it's genre! The characters play differently: Favorite is Hunter btw. The mechanics of it seem balanced and pretty random everytime you play. You don't have it where you just try to dodge from just moving away, but you can also do a jump that temporarily negate bullets from hitting you! There is a good variety of guns and other power ups!I also have gameplay on it. Check it out :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qkl_BDJfteM"
,Recommended,311690,24161947,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BrucetheBlob,"*1 PM*buy itplay itdieanother round(repeat till the end of time)""oh hey look its 7 AM""this game is amazing"
,Recommended,311690,24136927,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,WOAH,Its a realy fun game with tons of guns and table flippin. The bosses are tons of fun and hillarious. i do recommend trying the game.
76561198204114905,Recommended,311690,24144078,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,wtf19931126,chinese chinese come on!!!!!!
76561197998410257,Recommended,311690,24125472,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,My Girth,"Excellent bullet-hell style gameplay.  Controls are very responsive and guns are interesting and varied.  High skill cap, but game rarely feels unfair.  Lots of content to unlock naturally by playing the game."
76561198044017525,Recommended,311690,24117872,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ripleyQ,"Yeah this game is good, but i have gotten tired of it, maybe cause i already sunk 100+ hours into isaac. This is better then The binding of isaac tho. Enter the GUNgeon"
76561198058364154,Recommended,311690,24300698,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,THUNDER HAPPY,"YOU OVER THERE! DO YOU LIKE GUNS AND MORE GUNS!? THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!this game is cute, funny and hard to master but when you do know how the patterns work then you are going to be a beast.(ps: you are going to die, die and die)10/10"
,Recommended,311690,24300083,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bingus Bongus,Its like if Nuclear Throne and The Binding of Isaac had passionate love and this was their child. So 10/10
76561198170715762,Recommended,311690,24284089,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Nathan,Fun gamesWish there was online multiplayer
76561198171964778,Recommended,311690,24285154,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ONElewdDUDE,"i got this because i heavily enjoyed nuclear throne, thinking that no game could, in my opinion, beath the amount of fun ive had in NH. that was until i bought enter the gungeon. with the amount of bullet and gun puns, ludicris amount of weapons and items, i just cant put it down. and theres so many GUNS!"
76561198086531250,Recommended,311690,24340423,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Darthdavid20,The enemies are bullets that shoot you with bullets and in response you shoot the bullets with bullets.10/10
76561198043881811,Recommended,311690,24340616,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,frog,"Enter the gungeon, more like enter the diegeon."
,Recommended,311690,24306192,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,the captain,it's really good needs a bit more though.
76561198067592759,Recommended,311690,24301190,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MyOffspring,"Enter the Gungeon is like playing Dark Souls with a random weapon every timeThere's alot of skill involved and while consistensy is gained from experience, it's alot of work to get there."
76561198192453933,Recommended,311690,24347565,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,[AK]Chip,"Good game, challenging and fun, good style and gameplay. It's really sad when a normal Bullet Kin kills you because you dodged into him and he spawns right on top..."
,Recommended,311690,22749809,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,El Capitan Chips,I reccomend it. But it does stutter on my main pc so I returned it
,Recommended,311690,22749915,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SoUnDoLe,"Brutally difficult, some might even say punishing, but every aspect of this game has been polished so highly that it's always a pleasure to play. Deaths always feel like something you're responsible for. Visual presentation is detailed and gorgeous. Music is always fitting and appropriately moody, as well as being interesting by itself (soundtrack strongly recommended). Opportunities for permanent unlocks will keep you coming back for a while, because despite the high difficulty, every part of this is just a pleasure to play.One caveat - RNG stuff can be a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ like in many rogue-likes. Some runs will feel nigh-unwinnable. But I've never stayed frustrated for long."
,Recommended,311690,22752554,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,GalaxyCat™,B U L L E TULLET
,Recommended,311690,22752689,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,brfm,"Really solid game; tight controls and a really vast selection of items/weapons, amoung the likes of The Binding of Issac and Risk of Rain."
76561198018647783,Recommended,311690,22753070,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ChaosMuffins,This game has cheese 10/10
76561198196791171,Recommended,311690,22754753,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,The Most Beautiful Duwang,"This was the first ""Rogue-Lite"" game that I've ever played, and boy am I glad that I gave it a chance because this is easily my favorite game of the year so far, and I haven't even beaten the final boss yet! Despite the fact that I kind of suck at it, Enter the Gungeon has been one of the most addicting games I've played in a long while, and it's one of those games that I can definitely see myself coming back to again and again for a long time. If you enjoy bullet hell type games or if you're a fan of ""Rogue-Lites"" like The Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne, then this is a must have for your Steam library. Also there's a minigun that shoots rockets, so yeah, that's kind of neat."
,Recommended,311690,22747976,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Blackfluidexv,Fun to die in
,Recommended,311690,22727130,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Assbub,One of the most interesting and fun bullet hells out there! Would reccomend to anybody that likes the binding of isaac as well!
,Recommended,311690,22727390,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Contents May Differ,Beautifully infuriating but immediately addictive. Getting my soul metaphorically ripped into a multitude of pieces has never felt so good. Certainly worth buying if your into this genre of game.
76561198214678909,Recommended,311690,22729317,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,CHUBUCKET,this game is so hard its almost like dota 2 its incredible but not a game you would want to play for 5 hours staightbut all in all its an awesome game
76561198026615381,Recommended,311690,22729574,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,(╯°□°）╯ (McMuffin),A lot of fun if you like games liek the binding of isaac. This has realy fun music and great level desin :) !
,Recommended,311690,22728170,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Majicnanas,You. Will. Die. (alot)
76561198044048433,Recommended,311690,22730414,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Lee_Moo,yes it good game
76561198051432115,Recommended,311690,22725694,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Allergic Peanut,"good gunplay controls are great, Lots of guns, lots of gungeons, did i say there are alot of guns!!Over all worth purchase"
,Recommended,311690,22631745,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Gottam,"Great game for those who like roguelikes and have played before Nuclear throne or the binding of isaac.Took me about 23 hours to beat the game(not the true last boss though) for the first time.So basically, If you love a good [bold]CHALLENGE[/bold] then you should get this game.Cons or the challenges of this gameGuns feel weaker as compared to Nuclear throneYou will never feel overpoweredSkill required to thrive in this game"
76561198173283777,Recommended,311690,22701004,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Darkpoison64,"Enter the Gungeon is a game where if you love bullet hells, intense boss battles and the feeling that any wrong move could be your last, then this game is right for you. It has a high level of sastisfaction when you defeat a boss for the first time and progressively get harder each floor you go down very similar to the Binding Of Issac Rebirth which I also enjoy that game and see why it was the biggest inspiration for this game.Pros:The variety in the guns and charactersThe replayablity in the random seed generation of floorsThe pixle art styleThe music is wonderful and very memorable when u clear the bossThe funny referances to other genres in the guns, dialouge, bosses, mobs and certain roomsThe choices you have to make in ammo conservation and which chests to open or whether to complete a floor to find health or head straight for the bossCons:High scaling in Hp of bosses and mobs with each floorDifficulty for newer players to get into this bullet hellSome upgrades are not helpful (some blank effects and some active items)Guns might not be accesible so have to rely on basic pistol when you run out of ammoPacience needed to see the glory for what this game truely bringsOverall I would give this game 4.5/5"
76561197976653544,Recommended,311690,22701116,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Galvanic Goose,"When you finally get sick of Nuclear Throne irradiating your innards, and Isaac binding your backside, give this a go.You get the best of both worlds~P.S. Pilot is god.P.P.S. Convict is cute though."
76561198049881537,Recommended,311690,22697945,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mortyfied,"Enter The Gungeon is a bullet hell paradise. Anyone who likes a challenge or just a fun roguelike indie game would gladly enjoy this game, only one disclaimer..... The game can get very repetitive while starting out so just stick it through until you progress farther in the game. Its worth it!!!"
,Recommended,311690,22751118,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,♥ Aryanne Hoofler ♥,"Very fun game and a game i could get really into nothing bad to really say about this game. The gameplay is smooth and really test you my only two real conserns....Its not properly optomized for PC yes it plays and runs smoothly but i would like to change my controls to better suit my gameplay but i cant do that becuase its only Controller as well as ''Co-op'' Not very many people play Co-op on the same PC so enough said i would play alot more if i could actually change my PC controls and play with my friends online through Steam other then that very fun game it reminds me alot of Binding of Issac but much bigger,Fast paced and with guns i would give this game a 8/10 (That freakin Bullet King tho....)"
,Recommended,311690,22751559,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,I might have a disease,Fought a machine-gun wielding bird with a rocket launcher that shoots bees.10/10 Would shoot bees again.
,Recommended,311690,22719443,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,no ingles,"A fun and addictive experience, the huge variety of items and weapons you can find makes you really invest in each run, building a rich game world with the NPC unlocks and stories. It gets a bit chaotic in co-op but if you can get used to a shared camera I'm sure it's fine."
76561198053497863,Recommended,311690,22736274,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,BmanBirdie,really good game. would be awesome if it had online coop.
76561198124892730,Recommended,311690,22736978,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Soysauce,"It's like, a statement about gun control. You can only kill the guns with other guns. If it's a handgun or Danny Devito's ""Tresh cannon"", Enter the Gungeon has the way to show your American freedom however you want.God Bless, and I salute thee..."
76561198278084961,Recommended,311690,22735945,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Brawn,"This Game Is For Sure On My Top 5 Favorite Games. Dont Sleep On This Game, This Game Is Sooo Fun."
,Not Recommended,311690,22756969,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Saul Goodman (esq.),"I am not a resident of Tron: Legacy's ""The Grid"". I tried my best at this game. However unless you are an aforementioned resident of that impossible universe you lack the reflexes and technical ability to reach the end of this dungeon. Save your money."
76561198123678388,Recommended,311690,22755753,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Hero Of Yore,"This game is truly a gem. One of the most infuriating games I own, including games not on steam, but a gem nonetheless. It is one of those games: Figure out the patterns, figure out a playstyle, or get Wiped off the FACE OF THE EARTH╜. Or just be a quick learner, and intuitive. I love this game, directly because of that. A player can either dive in head first, and try to get to the secret floors and fifth floor through pure skill (And not getting some random points of stupid damage, but those are pretty rare), and maybe a good gun or two. Or one can play more carefully, making sure to get absolutely everything out of the floors, learning the bosses unique attacks, and etc. of which can be really easy or insanely difficult (Wallmonger I hate you so much I wish to smite you with the power of a thousand goddamn suns) to try and learn them well enough to not get hit before killing them, to get their Master Round, and eventually get the Gun to kill the past.  The difficulty is, as I said, fairly hard. I am a veteran at Touhou (For those of you who know what that is) and I struggle to get past the second floor without taking a hit (A certain Sarcophagus enemy likes to try and ensure I can't), and the later floors are very tense, but backed with amazing music that is somehow very fitting.Then there's the guns.Oh my god the guns.This game has OVER 200+ GUNS, most of which can be bought for a few Universal $ gotten from killing bosses, and all do amazing things.Such as a gun which shoots skulls.A gun which shoots explosive crossbow bolts.A freaking T-Shirt cannon (Which honestly isn't very good)And many, many variations of Shotguns, and especially Lasers.Oh my god the lasers.The lasers can be shot from demonheads to gamma rays to moonbouncers to- ahem, there's a lot of lasers.All in all, this game is truly yes, with the occasional OH MY GOD WHY FFFFFF moments. I must say this is one of my favourite games on steam, the only problem being an easily solved one (Hopefully patched soon, the devs are actively working on the game) which is the inability to save a run mid-way. You're going all the way or you're done. So yeah, if it's your style, get this game. If you are good at bullet hells, get this game even more, seriously."
76561198157732570,Recommended,311690,22636534,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mailman,"Great game, would recommend to anyone who really enjoyed Binding of Isaac. Too many negative reviews by people who just find the game too difficult when it's supposed to be that way. It also has some great references."
,Recommended,311690,22630235,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mr. Kerple,Best game ever
76561198122224959,Recommended,311690,22647568,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,baconman35,"This game is beast , hard but would give it a 9/10 needs online coop"
76561197961857800,Recommended,311690,22543771,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,JakJak,"Let me start this off by saying I really enjoy this game. I'm a big fan of roguelikes and this game definitely scratches that itch.HOWEVER, that being said there are some pitfalls to this game that I feel don't add to the challenge of this game, it just cheapens the experience. I'm not against a challenge.I've killed the dragun a dozen times, and been very close to killing the Lich multiple times. I'm sure I will eventually.But much of the challenge isn't the enemies, or bosses. It's ammo.If you read my spolier tag above, you'll see I'm a capable player that has bested this game a dozen times. Each time I battle the drop system more than anything. Fighting through the 5th floor on your starter weapon to save ammo for bosses isn't fun or challenging... it's tedious. Dying to a boss inBullet Hellbecause you're gimped on ammo isn't rewarding, it's frustrating. I don't feel like I was bested by the game, I feel like I died because I literally couldn't kill them fast enough.The reason this problem is a double edged sword is because enemies get stronger each level until even the weakest enemy is a veritable bullet sponge. Trying to conserve ammo becomes a war of attrition, not difficulty. Like I said before... dying in this way doesn't feel fair, it feels gimmicky.Additionally, other roguelikes like Binding of Isaac feel more fair because you can typically piece together a build that works, sometimes being completley OP, and that's fun. Somtimes the point of a run is to see how truly powerful you can become. I've literally never felt overpowered in this game from getting that godlike combo. There are a slew of useless guns and items that not getting anything usable can considerably hinder your run. Do you really expect me to beatThe Lichwith 5 half full guns that feel underpowered and will likely be empty by the time he's actually dead?One last thing is that there's a mechanic in place that removes any tactical choices surrounding leaving of the drops that you DO get by them getting stolen when you leave the room. Forcing you to take ammo when you don't need it rather than saving it for later.Again, I really enjoy this game. I love that it's challenging. That's why I'm such a huge fan of roguelikes. I just want to feel like the challenge was from the game, not the mechanics. I hope that some of these problems are addressed; at the very least looked at. Doing so would turn a good game into a truly great game."
,Recommended,311690,23195392,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,RevenantScrub,"I have played this game mostly co-op on a friends computer, we have collectively played 16 hours approximately.This game is awesome!!!!!!Seriously so good. We both love it so much.So much to unlock, challenging, exciting and beautiful. love it loveit."
,Recommended,311690,23195408,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Blood_Sailor,"Game is compelling to play, fun and difficult. Game is extremely addicting. Ps this game is much more enjoyable with a friend in local co op."
,Recommended,311690,23276228,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Lil' PP,"The gameplay, art, and music are amazing. Its truly a better version of the binding os isaac. The only thing I dislike is the co-op. Player 2 HAS to be the cultist. They do not get to choose who they get to play. Overall, the game is awesome."
,Recommended,311690,23298340,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,knockDOUGH,"3 hours in, this game is really good. It's pretty hard but so addicting"
,Recommended,311690,23296084,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,trampoline jumper 8k,gr8 gaem the vinesauce fellows inspired me to buy this gaem keep up the good games devolver
,Recommended,311690,23302935,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Roamin,"This rogue-like will probably entertain anyone who may have found the Binding of Isaac to be fun. It takes some elements of that mixed in with the 'danmaku' (bullet hell) aspects of a game like Touhou except more forgiving. Obviously the game is a little reliant on how many unlockable items and guns you spend in-game currency on, but regardless of that, you'll find that this game is plenty challanging. You can select from four different player types and the second local player has to make due with the cultist. There's a video out there that shows you how to use Nvidia shield enabled graphics cards to play online with other players using a third party networking client. The pixels in this game looks well done and doesn't come off as pretentious hipster retro art. I won't give it a number rating, but if you like fun, it's well worth a shot to visit the Gungeon."
76561198108823866,Recommended,311690,23149000,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Arsene,"Just FYI, it's harder than it looks. It's either that, or I suck, and my ego points to the first option."
76561198002871746,Recommended,311690,30784258,Posted: 27 March,all,xWhackoJacko,"I truly love this game.The puns, the references, the unbelievable replay value; you really can't go wrong with Enter the Gungeon. Easily one of the best bangs for your buck, and easily one of the best Indie titles on Steam, bar none.It's frustrating like a Souls game, sure, but it also benefits from everything that makes the Souls games great. Difficulty, reward, and intensity. Throw some RNG in the mix, secret rooms, secret dungeons, outrageous bullet hell bosses; and you've got one hell of time."
76561198151777377,Recommended,311690,23200153,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Trustpage,This game is fun and addictive with gameplay like The binding of Isaac and cool mechanics with plenty of weapons. I have refunded this game though with an hour because after trying the first stage 6 times I couldn't beat the stupid gatling gull. The game's difficulty is insane early on since you don't normally find good weapons early on. Many other people have the same problem but said it's worth is when you get good enough to get past the first level but for at this point the difficulty makes the same level over and over with the same boss boring and repetitive. I refunded this game because the $15 would be better for a game I can enjoy instantly overall I give this game a 3/5 the -2 for difficulty early on making it unfun.
,Recommended,311690,23200169,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,[KORE] Ham Cat,"If you're a cow, GET THIS GAME! If not, give up now...and go cry in a corner."
,Recommended,311690,23200747,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Mr Wendal,"A true action roguelike. Featuring shmup style bullet-hellish]dodging and nice enjoyable twin stick shooter controls which work great with a gamepad.I haven't beaten it yet, I may never beat it, but I'm having tons of fun trying."
76561198145903667,Recommended,311690,23202856,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,LadyValhalla,"This game is so much fun! but also super hard! The music is awesome and the gameplay is easy to get used to but not easy to master. I cant get anywhere with this game, but I'm having loads of fun trying.Highly recommend!"
76561198042895190,Recommended,311690,30331253,Posted: 4 March,all,Napping_King,"This is a great game but isn't for the people that can't handle failure. So much trail and error and slowly progressing your way through. Learning each time as you go through what your fualts are.I honestly am starting to get bored of it. I'll never leave for good though, too good of a game to abandon. Just a long break once i get this last achievment out of the way."
,Recommended,311690,23163030,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,TOAST my buns.,9.99/10. How to make  it 10? Add frickin online  multiplayer and you will get so much more money then you are making right now. Genius
76561197986343530,Recommended,311690,23175759,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Blarg,"So much fun, so many guns so many bullets."
,Recommended,311690,23133020,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,GooGooBars,bullent
76561198156720363,Recommended,311690,23174010,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,DopePopeNoScope,I'm horrible at this game.  10000000/10
,Recommended,311690,23161828,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,☯ SoulReaver ☯,"Pixelated Dark Souls 3 with better weapons, and no hackers."
76561198001389144,Recommended,311690,23162153,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Catbug,"Are you looking to hate yourself? Tired of not constantly feeling frustrated? Want to know what it's like to saw off a limb with a toothpick? THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!FEATURING ALL OF THE COMPRESSED DIFFICULTY OF A DARK SOULS GAME, WITH THE COMPLETE REMOVAL OF ANY SIGN OF PROGRESSION, THIS GAME WILL ALLOW YOU TO DIE THOUSANDS OF TIMES, AND NOT LET YOU ENJOY ANY SENSE OF PROGRESS!"
,Recommended,311690,23364070,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Moogle Emperor,"Relentlessly fair, endlessly charming, and hard as hell. That's Enter the Gungeon in a nutshell. This roguelite dungeon crawler has hundreds of items, weapons, enemies, bosses and rooms to explore, each seemingly cuter or cleverer than the last. It seems like all of them, including most of the ones that are meant to help you, can get you killed one way or another. Not once will you be able to make the excuse that those deaths are cheap.Enter the Gungeon is the first legitimate challenger to the titan of its genre, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. It doesn't have quite as much content, but what it does have is top-notch presentation, a delightful sense of humor, and silky smooth gameplay. It's already in contention and expansion can only improve it.Good as it is, Gungeon isn't perfect. With no early win condition and few runs capable of carrying you to victory, it isn't as accessible as Isaac, and probably never will be. A few other design decisions, like giving health rather than the opportunity to trade health for damage when you defeat a boss without getting hit, are also steps in the wrong direction. Overall, though, it's a delightful entry in this genre and well worth the time of anyone willing to brave its high difficulty."
,Recommended,311690,27400633,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,F1re St4rter,Enter the Gungeon is a fantastic rougelike game. The guns are diverse and interesting and the game feels fluid and fast paced. The game is visually amazing and the character designs and names are cute and inventive and really just add so much to the game. Gameplay is great and feels amazing! Dodging through enemy walls of fire just to crossbow shot them into a hole never gets old. I have yet to beat the game but I have made it to the final boss.
76561198065163308,Recommended,311690,25080882,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Kefka,"I play at least a couple runs of enter the gungeon every single night, it's one of my favorite games of all time and more than deserving of everyone's praise.I honestly love this game so much, it does what it does extremely well, and if you give it a proper chance I promise it won't dissapoint you."
76561198048630742,Recommended,311690,27464217,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Darriken,"It's kind of like Isaac; except it's a completely different kind of hard. Still haven't made it past the second level.If you enjoyed Isaac, you'd probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,311690,27463798,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KyanakoP #かななこ メイン,very fun game but i suck and keep dying
76561198054004754,Recommended,311690,27529849,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Juanky,Binding of Isaac made casual.
,Recommended,311690,27520866,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Halfwar,This game has been holding my attention similiar to Binding of Issac. Fantastic game and a great Rogue-like if that is your cup of tea. Be warned thouigh the game is diffcult.
,Recommended,311690,27522375,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,evilevilness,Challenging but rewarding.
,Recommended,311690,27523005,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,themasterpiece1,"Great game, very addicting, lots of secrets."
,Recommended,311690,27524078,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,In Belgium until 24/10; no RL.,All around punny game.
,Recommended,311690,27515724,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LoneWolf.,"A game that rewards persistence and with somewhat of a steep curve if you are not familiarized with bullethell games, but once you get the hang of it, you will probably love it."
76561198180615550,Recommended,311690,27515749,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The14thBerserker,"raining hell bullets...awesome classes, feeling overwhelmed the harder it gets...what more could one ask for?Gameplay is flawless, the gun selection is fair enough, along with the unlockable shops and items.Unique gameplay like Binding of Isaac and Nuclear throne.Always need a new strategy everytime you enter the gungeon!"
,Recommended,311690,27516482,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kamakazi,"Hove to be one of the best random dungen crawlers out there, with a challange"
,Recommended,311690,27517619,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sebastian Michaelis,Raining hell from all round. This game will get you to play hours on end. Try making it to the end. The Past will come to hunt you down.
76561198272569597,Recommended,311690,27518063,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dabeast2047,I love this game so much and tere are so many creative weapons and items but I wish there were more story in the game.
,Recommended,311690,27502148,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,{VCS} diugh,I love this game! Dark souls dodging + bullet hell meets the binding of isaac! Great combination.
76561198079606116,Recommended,311690,27512565,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FanaticAJ...♿♿♿,VEry hard and equally as fun
76561197974219033,Recommended,311690,27511806,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FlyPelican,Fun Rougelike.  If you like Binding of Isaac or the genre you'll like this one as well.  Tons of replayablilty
76561198378990047,Recommended,311690,30938802,Posted: 4 April,all,人型自走描边器,这游戏我个人认为很好玩，可玩性高。难度与电脑AI也高可以练一练手。我大概玩了30分钟，就被他吸引了就是难度想稍微调整下。
,Recommended,311690,27078015,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HalfSoldier 21,cant wait ffor the dlc
,Recommended,311690,27368919,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Серебро,A very great and creative rogue like game with plenty of nice and fun weapons to toy around with and plenty of gun related enemies to test them all on!
76561198094861789,Recommended,311690,25475325,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Grok,LOVE THIS GAME!  If you are a fan of Isaac you will like this game.  10/10!
76561198119418533,Recommended,311690,25467253,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,gilgalad9,"I don't have the time or skills to get good enough to beat this game. That being said, pretty well made and did enjoy the time I spent for the price. There are a ton of solid games in this genre so if you like them I say give it a go.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=762085773"
76561198195841693,Recommended,311690,30384101,Posted: 7 March,all,DAN andsom handsome,its fun and it keeps you thinking out side the box
76561198074034964,Recommended,311690,25351767,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,A Duckling,Rly gud.
76561197986238822,Recommended,311690,25454206,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,RedEye,I keep getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the♥♥♥♥♥by this game and keep coming back for more - what the hell is wrong with me??
,Recommended,311690,22524770,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Extra Creamy,"Ok, Im sorry im stupid. didnt notice the options did that! Sorry, i do reccomend this game and i love all the creativity"
76561198274372310,Recommended,311690,25341992,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Spaz Funbags,Bullet shooting a gun to other bullets.Perfect.
76561198083526405,Recommended,311690,25352546,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ChurroEater543,It's like Binding of Isaac but with Guns instead of Little boys and Basement Monsters
76561198141694967,Recommended,311690,25363614,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Wicker,My gun fires smaller guns that fire bullets.10/10 for Gunception.
,Recommended,311690,25343692,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Kacheeky Tarama,Good game but way too easy.
76561198058899910,Recommended,311690,30863415,Posted: 31 March,all,Masked,"PROS:Great, challenging bossestons of items and guns30-200 hours of entertainment depending on how much you enjoy the game, how good you are at it, and to what level of completions you choose to stop atCONS:if you want the secret characters and weapons unlocked it requires a certain amount of grinding.Neutral:Rogue likesimular to binding of isaac."
,Recommended,311690,25355603,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,PizzaOnAStick,"one of the best gun hell games ive ever played, amazing references, pixel art, gameplay, enemies and the guns! you might have some difficulty from the start but overtime you'll become more and more experienced. My only cons with this game is that it is fairly short. It definitly isnt as long as games such as The Binding of Isaac. Any only four characters to choose from kinda sucks. but other than taht this game is pure fun.10/10 would commit suicide again"
76561198274172699,Recommended,311690,25345344,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lim3tti,I love the game! Its so awesome and good time killer
,Recommended,311690,25345709,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,SiGM4,"Tons of fun, a must buy if you like rogue-like bullethell games. Also there is such a BIG variety of items, weapons, bosses, dungeon rooms, enemy types so it's always fresh."
,Recommended,311690,30765141,Posted: 26 March,all,out of chiggin nuggos,"Game is beautiful, imagine binding of issac but harder and more colorful. You never feel cheated on a death, YOU know when YOU screw up. The items are super fun, and there are tons of items and way to unlock items. I give it an ""Ocean Man"" out of 10."
76561198127543608,Recommended,311690,25579479,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BitTripBoy,"If you are looking for a game where you can shoot a gun that shoots bullets at bullets with guns that shoot bullets, then you're in the right place!"
76561198016047231,Recommended,311690,25560956,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,DyBond,"I think that out of all the Rogue-likes that populate my steam library, Enter the Gungeon is probably my favorite (so far).  It absolutely nails the pick up and play formula that I love so much about this genre, while providing deep and interesting gameplay.  The RNG is never too overwhelming (for a rougelike) and everything feels planned and balanced in some way.  It took me a while to actually get good at the game, but it expertly captures that feeling of getting better by playing, while actively rewarding you for continued playthroughs with little extras.  Honestly, my favorite thing about this game is everything.  The music is sensational, the controls are perfect, the gunplay is fluid and well telegraphed, the art is fantastic/original, the humor is on point, it has awesome enemies (especially the bosses), and it's just so dang fun to play. If you liked Binding of Isaac, get this game. It is a delight and, honestly, a contender for game of the year in my opinion."
,Recommended,311690,23092366,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,_Darksnow,Its like Binding of Issac with gun 10/10
,Recommended,311690,25317229,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,WaluigiThyme,"8/8 m8There was this one time where i got a trident that shoots lasers... and then bought a laser sight from the shop... 10/10 would have laser-sighted laser trident againoh yeah then i got the letter ""r""...with a laser sight11/10"
,Recommended,311690,24369038,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,I got addicted to spice and died because it was the only item I could pick up10/10 best addiction simulator 2016﻿
76561198053440062,Recommended,311690,22328497,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Peter Popoff,"I give it a 9 outta 10. I gotta give it dis score cause it's a reel gud game the only serious issue is the lack of online co op. I really feel like dis game should support it as it wouldn't be impossible. Now I love couch gaming with my homies as much as the next guy but I can't play this with the guys who are at school, out of state, etc. Besides this little pet peeve I seriously enjoy this game! The bosses are challenging but not impossible, the dungeons are interesting enough, there are soooo many guns, passives, and actives, and the base characters all seem rather balanced. Co op is fun as well, the cultist can really change the game with his active item, and his passive makes perfect sense (boosted stats when alone.) So yeah this game is absolutely a 9/10 worth the buy and I look forward to where this game goes from here"
76561198030310556,Recommended,311690,22338305,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,cabeza de cobre,"Many people call Enter the Gungeon the better Isaac or Nuclear Throne and in many ways it is.The game features better combat than Isaac though in my opinion it's not quite on the level of Nuclear Throne and has more item variety and more guns than Nuclear Throne even though Isaac beats Enter the Gungeon in this aspect as it has more items that have more unique synergies. So it's a decent mix between Isaac and Nuclear Throne and takes advantage of some good aspects of both of those titles.If you like those games, Enter the Gungeon is an easy buy. The presentation is great, the combat is good.But here are some of the problems:Just like Isaac some runs you're going to get screwed by RNG and either get useless guns or run out of ammo for your good guns in no time. But in Isaac you can often redeem your bad run by playing well and getting a deal with the devil which will, mostly, provide you with great items. Gungeon is different. Many guns might be cool for 5 minutes while you figure out what they do but after that period of time is over you're left with a gun that feels useless against most bosses. There aren't any OP items/guns in the same way as there are in Isaac. On the one hand this makes the game more skill-reliant but on the other hand this makes the combat feel frustrating in many cases since basic enemies on later levels often take 6-8 hits from your AK-47. The problem is: the enemies' HP scales based on the level you are on which makes the combat progressively more frustrating as you play.For example: on the first level an AK-47 takes down basic enemies in 3 hits, while on the fourth floor the same enemy takes twice as many hits from the gun. Not only does this make you feel like your guns are useless, but it also causes you to run out of ammo frequently and thusly forcing you to either use a bad gun or your even worse starting weapon. I have no problems with later enemies having more HP, but the same enemies having progressively more HP based on the level you are on is a cheap way of increasing difficulty in my opinion.The solution to this is easy: just remove the HP-scaling and the combat will feel better and your ammo won't run out as frequently. The game might be easier as result but it won't be too easy as it very difficult even without scaling HP. And more importantly: It would be more fun.Overall I still think the game is good since the gameplay is fun, there is a lot of weapon variety and the art style is very well executed. I just wish some of the guns would feel more powerful and HP-scaling wasn't a thing. If that were the case, I would happily jump on the It's-Better-Than-Isaac-Hype-Train. As it is currently, I would recommend it to fans of the rogue-lite genre but those who haven't played The Binding of Isaac or Nuclear Throne, I'd recommend those titles over this one."
,Recommended,311690,22338460,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Jonny,"Gonna keep this short: basically I agree that the game is pretty great and fun to play if you're into rogue-likes and especially if you liked the Binding of Isaac. With a little skill you can dodge pretty much any storm of bullets coming at you and some items are really helpful in defeating the bosses quickly. However, what I am REALLY missing here is PROGRESS. In the Binding of Isaac the sheer amount of trinkets and items would basically change the entire playstyle for me...suddenly you can fly or your ""bullets"" go orbital etc. and you progress in a way that opens new challenges upon certain actions and playthroughs. In Enter the Gungeon I am missing an overall progress and I feel like restarting with the same gun, rooms and enemies I had the 30 times before, simply shooting at them with very similar guns that only slightly differ from the default one... I tend to *think* that this could be made a little more fun by adding MUCH more items and make them a litle more ""experimental""."
76561198082130399,Recommended,311690,22332595,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,WaywardTrout,"Exactly what i wanted -a game i could hammer out the ending and, succeed or failing said goal, that i would be able to occasionally pick back up for a bit of procedurally generated fun (time will tell on that last part). ...Looking forward to seeing where the IP and devs will go..  ...And.. Online Co-Op?~~~~~~~Tips from a stranger:o Charge at, and around, enemies -they can't hurt you if they're dead. (Rarely a good idea for bosses though..)o The pilot is the best character to learn dodging.o Terrible guns might not be as bad as they first appear -i do not, however, recommend charge up weapons on bosses.oRead the statues before agreeing.oDon't shoot the mirror.oCertain items and actions give you negative karma *cough* like shooting mirrors *cough* that raises the chance of enemies to be 'jammed' (tougher, faster, and increased damage)oAnd try to avoid feeding the mimics."
76561198048201145,Recommended,311690,22333100,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,vargg,"1. Start game2. Ignore this Manuel character3. Feel like swat agent on the first floor4. Find your first good gun...9. Wind up on the 4th floor using your starter gunGame is really fun overall but can be abit to luck dependent. You can easily make it to the second floor with your starter gun, but the boss is gonna be a drag. I don't think there are gun drops from enemies and chests can give you an item or gun (items are nowhere near important as guns). The shopkeeper doesn't even carry a gun everytime. That is my only complaint. Easy to fix to just make tiers and have the shopkeeper always have a decent gun that matches the floor enemies. (ex. bullet enemies take 3 hits floor 1 with your starter gun, floor 3 they take what feels like 9+) Enemies start feeling too spongey.I put this game with Nuclear Throne and Binding of Isaac (NT is my favorite of the two). If you like NT but wished there was more to unlock (mysteries, hidden rooms, elevators) as well as more guns, way more guns. Than you'll probably like this game. At the same time the reason NT became a favorite was because other than unlocking the characters each time you play is the same, the only thing that changes is your skill. NT players will probably notice the luck of the draw more than Isaac players. Eventually you can just sprint through early levels and a run (time it takes to beat the throne and start looping) doesnt take as long. But that is the dungeon crawling aspect. As for Isaac fans, if you liked exploring rooms and prepping for each floor boss but want too turn up the difficulty than this is the game for you.WARNINGDon't shoot in the shop....my friend was busy shopping and i was bored, crippled the rest of our run."
,Recommended,311690,22333105,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Exodias Legs,"Enter the gungeon is a whacky game that will kick you in the stomach. its a procedurally generated, bullethell, dungeon crawling rouge-like similar to binding of isaac and nuclear throne, but way more over the top. You start out with a selection of four characters, each with their own weapons, passive abilities, and active items. you start with a pistol that has unlimited ammo, but a low damage output and a low amount of ammo within a single clip. But as you progress through the game, you unlock more weapons that you can play around with. Some are better than others, but they're all unique. One playthrough you could get a shotgun with an axe on the end that blocks bullets on a reload, and on another, you could get a beehive. That shoots bees. It's all very goofy and fun, but enter the gungeon is not an easy game. Every enemy has a different bullet pattern that requires a certain amount of skill to dodge, and each floor ends with 1 of floor specific boss that will really test your skill at dodging attacks while still keeping a sustained amount of damage on the boss to take them down. The floors get increasingly harder, and the enemies change depending on the floor youre on. While it is a difficult game, it never really felt unfair to me. Every mistake i made that cost me some health or even a whole run was usually because i botched a dodge roll and ended right back into the line of fire, or didnt use the bullet clearing blanks efficiently enough. With enough time and practice, the floors become easier, and you end up progressing further and further until you complete the game."
76561198085560494,Recommended,311690,25337919,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jose the space crab,"Take Zelda, Nuclear Throne, steroids, and blend that♥♥♥♥♥♥together to get this masterpeice of a game, some say it is too hard, but you jsut have to practice, Characters are great, Every enemy, boss, and gun has a biography, art style is simplistic but beautiful, Music is amazing, Bosses are difficult but enjoyable, and some of the enimies are damn cute. 10/10 would cry for killing a sentient bullet again."
76561198217953455,Recommended,311690,25701107,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Marky Mark,"sos, can barely get through first level"
76561198079369646,Recommended,311690,25704150,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Pirate Fox,They said.I could change my Past but instead i shot my FutureNow i live my Life backwards
76561198047156422,Recommended,311690,25704408,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,jeffk114,"The animation, themes, characters, monsters and jokes make this one of the silliest looking and feeling games on Steam.  That being said, the gameplay is furthest as can be from a joke.The Gungeon is the hardest game I have ever played.  The game makes the Dark Soul franchise look like child's play.  Every game has a randomized dungeon build with different guns and items available to the character.  The random builds and equipment force an improvisational element that ramps difficulty to sometimes impossible levels, regardless of the skill of the player.  Each gun and item you can pick up has a learning curve to using it.  These elements, along with generally difficult gameplay, make for one the most excruciatingly hard games known to mankind.  But, if you stick with it, each passing level becomes markedly easier and your overall mastery increases.I really recommend this game.  Every facet of this game is challenging and fun, even when I was so frustrated I wanted to scream and chuck my computer through the window, I didn't, and happily went back at it again.  My only regret, is that there is no additional DLC.   The theme and gameplay would allow for a lot of good RPG storybuilding and action for additional characters and plots outside of the ""Gungeon"".  If they release something like it, I would buy it."
76561197982672200,Recommended,311690,25761707,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,XenophileJKO,So so good. One of my top games. Worth more than they are asking.
76561198064223371,Recommended,311690,25761785,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Surfing on Cloud 9 ~ SKINHUB.COM,"great game, maybe everyone should give it a go..."
76561198070865575,Recommended,311690,25808913,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,gomask2000,Amazing game everything is good only complaint why do we HAVE to buy the dlc in the bundle only i dont want the soundtrack or dig comic (only fro don8 but my dad says no) for this reason i cant test out the mct gun
76561198028783151,Recommended,311690,25787386,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Johnny Law,"Great game, every item is a reference to something..."
76561198050154137,Recommended,311690,25787400,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BroomstickHero,I still haven't gotten to the final level.
76561198038814206,Recommended,311690,25342983,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Serif1993,"Just when I thought I finally escaped Isaac addictio, this comes in the way."
,Recommended,311690,25786688,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,pancakeflipper,cool
,Recommended,311690,25764838,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,2_Z_Zach,"This game is amazing, I haven't been drawn into a game this much in a long time. This game has infinite replay value, high risk/reward, is VERY difficult, but it doesn't hold your hand like a lot of AAA games today do, has a very nice variety of amazing (and crappy) guns, and the very minimalist story behind the game is very intriguing, and can only be gained from hours upon hours UPON HOURS of basically smashing your head against a brick wall until you make a brick fall out.  The music is great, the art style is interesting to say the least, and the gameplay is solid.9/10, buy this game now!"
,Recommended,311690,25612277,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Szpw,"Very fun game!  Tons of different weapons and room layouts, and several characters to choose from.  The game is unforgiving, and each run you learn something new that you can use on your next one.  So far, I haven't gone beyond the second floor in my hours so far, but I'm still having a blast since combat is fun.  Great game!"
76561198272990801,Recommended,311690,25700752,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Orange,Its binding of Issac but with guns
,Recommended,311690,25698563,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,NEMesis,"Great game! Very challenging. Very original take on a roguelike/TSS, with endless replayability. Soundtrack is very nice. Well executed bit graphics and procedural generation. Tons of unique weapons - some useless, some ridiculously overpowered, some just hilarious. Punny dialogue. Can be frustrating at times, but so so addictive. Highly recommended."
76561198150249379,Recommended,311690,22843253,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SINYJEY,add multiplayer  and we're done!
76561198009293775,Recommended,311690,25723730,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Para,"Great game, strongly recommended!"
,Recommended,311690,25724560,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Fetish,Pray to RNJesus that you get good guns at the start
76561198040894343,Recommended,311690,27125343,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FaZeBillyMays420,If you like the binding of Issac this might fit your fancy.
76561198071924377,Recommended,311690,27186997,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jimmy,lol
,Recommended,311690,27171873,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fayru,ITS SO GOOD AND I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,311690,27216979,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Not a Doctor,"Great game, can't wait for the supply crate update!"
76561198045942848,Recommended,311690,27389968,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Detour007,"Addicting, fun, imaginative, an absolute blast to play. Rife with pop culture references, guns, interesting bosses/enemies, and more guns this rogue-light, top down shooting is worth every penny. Incredibly difficult, yet a delight to overcome. I cannot recommend Enter the Gungeon enough."
76561198029039470,Recommended,311690,27091553,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zombieEnoch,"I don't play many games in this genre, so when I first started playing I thought it was stupid and repetitive. I started playing co-op with my roommate and we figured out that you have to become obsessed with the game and just play through all of th dying over and over and slowly the game starts revealing itself with new items, hidden paths and dungeons, and the great feeling of sharpening ones reflexes. I recommend this game."
76561198085097512,Recommended,311690,27147056,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Big Bertah,Best game evah
76561198004112133,Recommended,311690,26758713,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Omega Red,"Love this game! Lots of replay value, can be difficult but not impossible, and amazing art style/aesthetics. 10/10"
76561197969733768,Recommended,311690,26666754,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MostlyHamless,"I've logged so many hours of this game, has a great feel. Balance is a little mean, but keeps you coming back for more punishment. Unlocks keep game fresh as you play over and over."
76561198233714376,Recommended,311690,22775544,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Corvo_Attano37,great game addictive gameplay great difficulty only problem is  when you get to a boss if you die you have to go through the hole dungeon again
,Recommended,311690,26722657,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,HISlawyer,difficulty settings are for P*SSIES!
,Recommended,311690,26721166,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mr Ley,I never knew shooting bullets towards other bullets would actually work. But it sure as hell does in this one!
,Recommended,311690,26843398,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ComeHonorChest,Found a gun that fires fish 8/8 just gr8
,Recommended,311690,26868236,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Samalam_d,9/10Varied and thrilling gameplay. Difficulty ramps up hard but thats good.
,Recommended,311690,26865161,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CableGuy,"Adds a new meaning to ""Bullet Time"""
,Recommended,311690,26791802,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chigens and Kay,"Incredibly challenging and fun. Think Binding of Isaac but far more fast paced. Plenty of references and humor, tons of progression, and incredibly high replay-ability."
76561198069089271,Recommended,311690,26790684,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alikai,Great game to pass the time.
32451671982395123,Recommended,311690,26826466,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cousin Lino,"This game is one of those that you enter and you think, ""Oh this is binding of isaac with guns."" MY FRIEND YOU ARE kinda right, but this game has a much more skill test in my personal opinion than Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,311690,26824157,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jaxin,Like rouge-likes?Like rouge-like-likes?Well then your gonna like this rouge-like-like.
76561198009709445,Recommended,311690,26829714,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OmegaFace,If you liked Binding of Isaac you'll love Enter the Gungeon.Solid roguelike gameplay with imaginatively unusual guns.Couldn't believe how many secrets there were
76561198239299596,Recommended,311690,26828748,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lunaturret,This game has so much depth its beyond great. The time it takes to get every gun and passive item in game is beyond belief its a game i thought would be simple yet its tough as nails but keeps dragging me back into. I could pretty much hype this whole game as iits something alot of people would go for and theres not really any negatives as iupdating the games is always something they try to do and adding more content well thats not nessary but wow ill take it.
,Recommended,311690,26770994,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Squizky,Very fun and addicting
,Recommended,311690,24759101,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,The Real Max,"Not normally a fan of bullet hell type games, and put off by the sheer number of cheap roguelike clones available through Steam, I have to say that Enter the Gungeon is a really good game. Genuinely fun, it's slick gameplay, fast paced action, comically cute graphics, driving soundtrack, and addictive RNG elements will keep you coming back. The depth of secret features and unlockables means that there is always a reward for getting as far as you can, even if you get the camera as your first gun. The rapid escalation in difficulty means that the 5 levels are more than enough to keep you struggling to finish but, consequently, reaching a new floor or beating a new boss really makes you feel like you've improved in skill. I've played a couple of Devolver's titles and they have always been good games. Enter the Gungeon carries the torch admirably.9/10 nuggets."
,Recommended,311690,24745427,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Boomstick (Lemon),A fun and awesome game for people who want to play something simular to nuclear throne but not complety simular
,Recommended,311690,24803450,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,AnEpicBoss,"Think of this game as Dark Souls, but a top-down shooter and with gun puns... lots and LOTS of gun punsThis game was very fun and is very addicting, so watch out if you are playing on a school/work night."
76561198189818382,Recommended,311690,24797765,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,[FC] Vanilla Chicken,"Defeats the final boss, needed the bullet that kills the past from blacksmith, tries to find it, had half health left, accidentally steps in poison and dies...10/10 would lose my sanity again"
76561198094206044,Recommended,311690,24892053,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,zachary5149 [Kn1f3r],"Enter the Gungeon: A multi-story dungeon filled with protectors and guardians whom prevent the progression of the 4 main protagonists, and although only one can enter at a time, there is room for one more character via the multiplayer set-up. Each floor is a labyrinth of its own, randomly generated, containing loot, baddies and bosses unique to its level. Defeating them alone and especially with the starter weapons can be a challenge, but thanks to the creative maneuvering techniques and loot-filled chests buried inside the labyrinth, results may vary, from weapons and tools to health enhancements, it becomes much more of an adventure for the lone protagonist. Defeating a boss will give loot, and along with that allow the character to proceed to the next floor, where difficulty increases, different entities spawn, bosses get harder and gear you get from the shop on each floor costs more. On top of that you are met with falls to your death, traps and more. How far will you reach? Will you attain the ultimate treasure? Do you dare to... Enter the Gungeon!? Anyways I love this game, it's creative and challenging. It can be hard to put lack of storyline into a game so cutos to the game creators for that. I was a little hesitant to buy this game at first since the price, but after checking the game out with my cousin, my mind had changed. Perhaps allow a demo allowing players to get a feel of the game. Other than that, LOVE THE GAME! Thanks to the developers for making it!"
,Recommended,311690,24838044,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Desmond187,WHAT!!! its 3:17am!!! damn this game!
76561198038664657,Recommended,311690,24809357,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,GalacticTeetJuice,Definition of the absolte best top quality Rogue-like that's out there. buy it
,Recommended,311690,24810629,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Slam Dewey,"This game is fantastic-Serious challenge-Side missions that matter-Always knowing theres a steam achievement for getting a shortcut to the fifth floor, and you can't make it past the third."
,Recommended,311690,24764491,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Skeleton,A challenging game with tons of replayability.
,Recommended,311690,22770826,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Action Bronson,"Fun but frustrating.Such a fun game to play ,but your sucess is too often dictacted by chance."
,Recommended,311690,22824116,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Shardj ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"This game is an absolute blast, buy it!"
76561198301610677,Recommended,311690,22833771,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,7yk4ru,"This game rocks, its just straight ♥♥♥♥ing awesome"
,Recommended,311690,22931073,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,MadSwedishGamer,"I definitely recommend this game if you like (and are good at) Bullet Hells. If not, try a different, easier one first."
,Recommended,311690,22914251,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Zeeky Is SO Fucking Magical,"Enter the Gungeon taught me a good life lesson: I'm a trash babby and I will never be able to succeed. However, it did it in a fun way, and I can't stop playing it. 15 hours in and I STILL haven't beaten the second floor. I'm the worst. God damn this game."
76561198073291730,Recommended,311690,22914895,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Tornik,"One reason why I really like this game is that you can play for less than 30 minutes and just do a run if you feel like shooting guns, dodging bullets and fighting bosses. It's a true rogue-like game in that there is no leveling up system or a skill system. Every run, it's all about your skills to effectively dodge bullets and take as little damage as you can. In other level system rogue-like game, you can simply overpower the enemy and basically have it easy. The uniqueness of Enter the Gungeon is just that. Extremely fun, but can also be frustrating."
,Recommended,311690,22947726,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,C_Lab_Cpt2021,"As someone with over a 100 hours in Nuclear Throne I recommend this game. Everyone can roll in this game, not just Fish."
76561198302811244,Recommended,311690,22951366,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,calebiusmaximus,takes me back to a simpler time very fun
,Recommended,311690,30752918,Posted: 26 March,all,M3TA,One of the best rougelikes i have ever played.Tons of guns.
76561198197483345,Recommended,311690,30756653,Posted: 26 March,all,Aceskybear,"Challenging,comical, and affordable. The amount of hours i spent playing this game for its price tag is hard to beat. Newest content update makes this game double its asking price."
,Recommended,311690,25365077,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,kooklicon,chinese plz！！！
76561197985368940,Recommended,311690,30927600,Posted: 3 April,all,They Call Me Josh,"This game... oooh... this game right here... it pisses me off, but I keep coming back for more.  Its hard, its unforgiving, and the table flipping you can do in the game will eventualy cause you to flip a table in real life at some point.  This game isn't built for everyone, thats for sure.  It requires you to think fast, keep your eyes peeled for the bullets and tricks that the myriad of baddies will play on you during your stay.  You will definitely want a controller for this game, as I couldn't imagine trying to play this without one.  Other than that, its a great Rogue-like game, well put together, with charming characters, and making progress leaves you feeling a sense of accomplishment, even if Gorgun unloads a clip of bullets into your rear that stops your progress in the Gungeon.   It's well worth its full price, but if you find it on sale, you would be out of your mind not to pick this game up.  Maybe eventually I'll get to the end, if I don't end up in anger management first..."
76561197993406664,Recommended,311690,26863440,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,klaus_bast,"This is THE twin stick shooter for PC. Randomly generated dungeons assembled from pre-made rooms, dozens upon dozens of weapons and passive abilities, Plays well with keyboard+mouse or a gamepad. Smooth 60 fps. And as of November 23rd, 2016, this game is about to receive a major content patch named Supply Drop, with even more weapons, passives and gamemodes. You can't really go wrong with Gungeon.Oh, also, it is kinda hard. That might be relevant."
,Recommended,311690,26861191,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stephen,Hard but addicting game
76561198052357886,Recommended,311690,26861290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,300m,SO. MANY. GUNS.
76561198045360754,Recommended,311690,26861331,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀ ﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽ₙᵢBBₐ,Fun but hard
76561198089077223,Recommended,311690,26862401,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bronas,"You like Bullethell-Shooter, Rouge-likes and Gun Puns. Then ""Enter the Gungeon"" is a Game for you."
,Recommended,311690,26833551,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,InfinityEd,"Great game,with lots of references to other games."
,Recommended,311690,26932635,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,singularity,xd
76561197995177819,Recommended,311690,26933137,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wuschelbueb,Good Game!
,Recommended,311690,26933858,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zak T Duck,"Guns don't kill people, bullets do. Especially when the bullets are firing bullets out of guns."
,Recommended,311690,26890641,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maxar the Horrible,Feels so good to win.
,Recommended,311690,26916106,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Panlannan,"Face-melting fun ang guns in a rogue like shooter. Great soundtrack, artwork and mechanics thoughout. RNG plays a part as always but every run is winnable. With great variety and unexpected humour, this is a great one to both blast around with casually, and to perfect for the completionist."
,Recommended,311690,26914214,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Charlesque,"One of my favorite games of 2016.  A twin-stick shooter akin to Nuclear Throne with roguelike elements like The Binding of Isaac.  Very challenging but rewarding.  Chock full of references to other shooters and the humor and spot-on pixel graphics add a very enjoyable feeling to what could be an otherwise frustrating game.  If you enjoy the twin-stick shooter genre you should definitely check this one out.  In summary, Gungeon is a difficult yet charming game with high replay value and beautiful pixel graphics."
76561198022552080,Recommended,311690,26958688,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Scrub Muffin,Who does not want a rouge like twin stick shooter that is a pun or reference to a bunch of other than stuff.
,Recommended,311690,22346916,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Ashkait,"A really enjoyable rouge-lite shooter game with tonnes of dumb guns that does an excellent job of taking the action from Nuclear Throne and the longevity of The Binding Of Isaac. Lots of stuff to unlock and ever after playing the game for 8 odd hours and beating it once (kinda) I still feel like I havent even scratched the surface of things to unlock.The games progression is heavily tied to what items you get, but also your skill since some items can only be gained from certain actions, such as HP upgrades from defeating a boss without taking damage, so you gotta learn those bosses if you want a better chance at taking on The Gungeon. And trust me, you'll feel it as you slowly gain the skill needed to take down the first boss, second boss, third and fourth boss without taking damage.Some minor complains people have been having about ""Items not synergizing enough like they do in Isaac"" is aparent, but I have been unlocking more and more items that change how the guns work alltogether, making me belive that those cool synergies are out there, you just gotta unlock them first.The only gripe I have with this game is that there are a lot of redundent weapons. I get why they're there, I mean you can't steam roll every run or that would get boring... But I swear there are like 10 different types of revolvers all marginaly different from the last. Ah well atlest you can get a gun that shoots homing eggs that can also shoot a drone with a drill on it that attaches itself to the head of your enemies (I wonder what thats a reference to)Oh and I never knew how much I loved ""Gun puns"" until I played this game. cmon, GUNgeon. ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.gun"
,Recommended,311690,26941642,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hobo With a Shotgun,"Enter the Gungeon is a hugely fun, game that breaks through the idea of 'A mile wide but an inch deep' by offering a myriad of hidden features, game mechanics and a difficulty that'll drive you insane."
76561198131264129,Recommended,311690,26941206,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bolbi,"I think that it's one of the best Rogue-Like games since TBOI Rebirth, more difficult, exiting AF. and ultra recomended"
,Recommended,311690,26948891,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Imsomeguy,"Its a pretty fun game, but really frustrating when you're as terrible as me."
,Recommended,311690,26947461,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Salty pizza,Hard game
,Recommended,311690,26964226,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neeley,You get to shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥forever it's pretty good
76561198073860577,Recommended,311690,26967863,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Slappathur,The “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award
,Recommended,311690,26573564,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,schizosid,"Massively rewarding if played well,  massively punishing if not."
76561198026842552,Recommended,311690,26990682,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Joneek,"The perfect combination of difficulty and variety. Incredibly satisfying gameplay and always keeps you coming back for one more run. Seemingly limitless guns, powerups, and items."
,Recommended,311690,26990960,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Exeligmos,"Guns for the Gun God, bullets for the bullet throne!"
,Recommended,311690,26994893,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Coolwill01,"Amazing. Enter the Gungeon is one of my favorite PC games. This game does have some elements of Binding of Isaac except this one has guns and is way harder. After completing BoI:AB, ETG gave me an awesome challenge.If you like fast paced bullet hells with a good story line, then this is the game for you :D"
76561198062447972,Recommended,311690,26984373,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Soracool72,Really fun rogue-like title. Interesting weapon unlock mechanics.
76561198067915273,Recommended,311690,26982127,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LordAnton,allllllllllot of guns
76561198129171692,Recommended,311690,26982593,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wheatsy,my fingers are too fat
,Recommended,311690,27010040,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cpt Poutine,Fully recommend+great music+replayability+unique bosses+the puns+lots of different gun+lots of depth+coop#4 character-not very casual
,Recommended,311690,26813895,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Muten,"The binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne have a son: Enter the gungeon.this game is as fun as it is addictive, there are tons of things to unlock with include zany guns and a very powerful character whom is literally a bullet with a sword. Very replayable and you can also play co-op with a friend."
76561198017207902,Recommended,311690,26898296,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Magic Bear,"Tough as nails bullet hell twinstick shooter rogue lite. It's a fast paced Binding of Isaac, it's a more polished Nuclear Throne, and it's entirely its own game. Each loss is a lesson, and eventually you find yourself getting farther and farther before you realized just how much the game has taught you. Amazing game on every level of game design. Bu11et/10"
76561197999249923,Recommended,311690,26898443,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,UniverseMAN,"A game were ""get gud"" is the only advice I can give. Time will tell if you can kill the past.Great game, challenging to say the least but with some practice and a little luck endless fun."
76561198085408220,Recommended,311690,26783028,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Upgraded Bobby,LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS GAME <3
,Recommended,311690,30916797,Posted: 2 April,all,Grenko,"75 hours in and still finding new weapons, trinkets and items.Amazing replay-value.4 Different characters at start, 2 to unlock.With the randomized map layout, secret rooms, large amount of npcs and varying bosses/enemies, no playthrough feels the same!10/10, will keep on playing!"
,Recommended,311690,26855874,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Unatro,Play . Die. Play. Die. Play Again never get bored 10/10
76561198047773725,Recommended,311690,26853088,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Leviathan,Great game about to get a decently sized update and sure to provide pleanty of enjoyment
76561198002549696,Recommended,311690,26885046,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zonmon22,"This game is challenging, fun and has a ton of variety among it's weapons.  Love the animation, great music as well!  A must-play for rogue-like fans and bullet-hell fans as well."
,Recommended,311690,26895805,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zom,is gud
,Recommended,311690,26891273,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zzorg2603,Truely a great game. Can not wait for new content being added.
76561198096999948,Recommended,311690,22970448,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Bludaria,♥♥♥♥ YOU LEAD MAIDEN 10/10 WOULD HATE
76561198093342017,Recommended,311690,22593600,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,langlangq8i,I am still learing the gameI have unlocked the two elevators and remaining two
76561198051873552,Recommended,311690,23153082,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,GUNnibal,"""First there was the gun... And somebody just had to pull the trigger.""Enter the Gungeon is a curious mixture of a rogue-like dungeon crawler and a bullet hell. For a casual gamer, like myself, this is a major red flag that practically screams ""If you value your sanity - RUN the other way!"" But, no matter how much I fail at bullet hells, I still like the genre, so I decided to give it a try. 26 hours later I saw the credits roll and felt like writing a review. And a skydive. But I'll start with a review.First things first, Enter the Gungeon is NOT newbie-friendly. There is a tutorial that teaches you the basics of the most important technique - the dodge roll - a simple move that allows you to ignore enemy projectiles in mid-air. And you're going to need a lot more than ""basics"" in order to survive through everything. It is my belief that the real qualifying exam is the first boss. Until dodge rolling becomes your second nature that's as far as you go.Everything else is much like Isaac - no explanations, trial and error, death, death, despair, more death...Avoiding death hinges on collecting items. There are 3 types of those: active, passive and GUNS. Oh yes, there are PLENTY of those. I learned painfully quickly that finding a good gun ASAP is imperative, since whichever character you pick, you start with♥♥♥♥♥♥ And even if you succeed against the first boss holding a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gun, the second stage will make you regret that. The trick is all enemies get a health increase as you go deeper into the Gungeon. Bottom line - find a better gun or spend eternity trying to kill a bunch of simple foes.Active and passive items work exactly as you would expect, no surprises here.Pick-ups (like hearts, keys, etc.) are pretty rare and remind me of Isaac on hardmode. You can buy those in a shop too, if you can afford it. And if the shop is not closed and requires a key to unlock it.Finally, a bit about giggles. This game has a pretty good sense of humour, which is usually found in item names and their descriptions. The sheer amount of stuff they reference is just mind-blowing. My favourites are Table Tech Pages.Now, if I were to criticize the game I would probably mention 2 things.First, big rooms. By ""big"" I mean big enough to not fit on the screen. Since you can't see the whole room, you can't see all the hazards it holds, be it traps or enemies. Now combine it with the fact that some enemies can teleport and you get a little closer to understanding the meaning of the term ""torture"". While the presence of the dodge roll justifies almost anything in terms of difficulty, it is still pretty annoying.Secondly, the final boss. (spoiler free) But before that let's talk a bit more about the dodge roll. The game leads you to believe that it relies on precise timing, which is not untrue. But, as my experience of countless painful deaths taught me, there is another important factor. It's distance. I can't even begin to count the times I dodged a bunch of projectiles just to roll right into another stray bullet. All because I misjudged the distance. Thus, in order to master the dodge roll, you have to internalize the exact distance it covers. Now, when you enter the room with the final boss the game kind of pulls the camera away. What happens is you can see considerably more than usual. That's good, right? Well, the catch is that the character is now smaller. And, finally, so is the distance of their dodge roll. If you made it all the way to the final boss, that means you are now very familiar with the dodge roll. And suddenly all that experience kind of goes out of the window. That is NOT the right type of challenge.TL;DR Is it worth it? If you are not allergic to any of the genres involved - then this is a definite YES. Challenging, rewarding, witty, a little unfair just to give you the gusto and mechanically solid. If you want the full experience (suffering included) don't consult the wiki.Keep you trigger finger ready, cowboy.P.S. Oh, and a final bit of advice: DON'T get jammed. You've been warned."
,Recommended,311690,23150860,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Madz,Awesome addicting fast paced twin stick shooter.. recommend for rogue like players :)
76561198078782851,Recommended,311690,23199995,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,REQUEST DOSH,"Enter the Gungeon is that middle ground between Nuclear Throne and Binding of Issac.It's that right blend that really makes this game unique from others.For only $15, or $13 on sales, it's really good.(don't forget the replay value, but thats a given, it's a roguelike)"
76561198074115452,Recommended,311690,23193585,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,minecraftkid752,Killed a giant tank with paper airplanes... 10/10
,Recommended,311690,23410346,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Bikkker Bot,1. do you like the binding of isaac?2. do you enjoy nuclear throne?3. do you prefer more challenging games then easier ones?4. do you enjoy cute as hell enemies?5. do you enjoy fun co-op?6. do you favor games that have amazing sounds tracks?7. do you absolutley die for games that enable you to have a different experience each time you play it?If you answered yes to any of these questions I reccomend you buy this game.
,Recommended,311690,22771845,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,:D,"38 hrs on record and I've killed my past on The Pilot... Amazingly fun game, would recommend to any dungeon crawler lovers. First one I have ever played, a lot of randomness and fun!"
,Recommended,311690,22753628,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Digital Zephyr,I hate this game.
76561198136427866,Recommended,311690,22766874,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,RickG.,Dis game is dOpE
,Recommended,311690,22767089,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,C0nn3ct,"One of the best rogue likes I ve played. It combines some elements from Binding of Isaac, Nuclear Throne and even something from Crypt of the Necromancer. The dodging is really well done and brings a lot to the table. Someone doesnt like the lobby world but I think its pretty nice. Its really well balanced and challenging. The best part is that you can basically play with your starting weapon to the 2nd chamber, Theres no point in reseting if you dont get a good start not like Isaac where I would restart almost every time when my first item was trash. In short I can really recommend this game the biggest issue are small frame drops where there is too much♥♥♥♥♥♥on the screen."
,Recommended,311690,22254159,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Chupacabra,so awesome!! :D buy this!!
76561198291564086,Recommended,311690,22766169,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,idan117289,י
,Recommended,311690,22764118,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Windove,Cool game
76561198044626210,Recommended,311690,22784018,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Mortis_XII,"easy to understand, difficult to master and surprisingly deep, Enter The Gungeon is a real treat for fans of rogue likes with a bullet hell/shooter emphasis."
,Recommended,311690,22780816,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Whipin' Boys,"Its so fun and enjoyable. A lot of guns I have never gotten a single gun twice (yet) , and the mobs are adorable and annoying at the same time! Also this might put you to shame if your new (like me) because I CANT GET PAST THE FIRST BOSS AND EVEN IF I DO A ♥♥♥♥ING AMBUSH HAPPENSpafkog hi0kpletwgrdbn"
,Recommended,311690,22764751,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ornjlightning,"I'd like to clear up some comments made by other people and my own opinion of the game. Now this is my own opinion and you may agree with the others, but i would say that this game is really fun especially with a second person. I'll say that admittedly rooms don't give you any rewards most of the time, but you don't need them. when others say that the rooms are like slugging through it because the enemies are bullet sponges; i would say that this is not true. Yes the main enemy takes three hits but it does not take very long to kill them it takes about a second to kill them. The clips may seem short but they are more than enough and you reload quickly. Second i would say that yes the main enemies do take more shots the lower floor it is but that makes sense it is supposed to be harder and you can still kill them quickly with the main gun. However i will say that as you go down the floors you will use other guns because it is a better idea to and they have plenty of ammo so you need not worry about running out. Some say that guns like the squirt gun is useless and should not even be in it; however, I say that guns like that have thier uses in certain situations. I'll give you a couple examples for the squirt gun: one is when their are ledges to fall off because the squirt gun has great pushing ability so you can kill enemies quickly by pushing them off, second it is usefull for dowsing fires and it has so much ammo that you can keep a steady stream of damage on bosses even if it is not a lot of damage. Also people say that the first boss takes about 200 shots and gets boring, but it does not because the bosses are interesting to fight and it takes fewer shots than that. If it does take 200 shots then i don't notice because you can kill the boss quickly enough it doesn't matter. one thing i forgot to mention in the above is that it only takes that amount of shots with the starting gun, if you have a different weapon then it is even quicker most of the time. people say that the different guns really don't get more powerful except for a few guns. i would say this is not true and i would also say that each gun has it's strengths and weaknesses. for example the molotov launcher may not do much damage on impact but it causes a large area of fire that burns enemies to death and allows you to clear that room more quickly (i do warn though with this gun to be careful not to light yourself on fire) and this gun is especially useful against the coffin type enemy(i don't remember it's name). When it comes to characters, yes you only have about four characters to choose from but each has its own perks. for example the pilot can buy things for cheaper and can carry two items instead of one, and he also has a chance of lockpicking chests and locks so that you can save keys(it has a chance of failing though and then you can't unlock the chest no matter what if it does fail so i would advise opening blue and green and big red and black chests with keys because they contain more valuable items). The marine is more accurate over anyone and starts with one extra hit and can call in one weapon drop.The convict carries a starting gun and a sawed off shotgun and is more powerful when hurt for a limited time. The hunter has more of a chance to find stuff in rooms and has a crossbow that is very powerful that is usefull especially against killing the first boss quickly. All in all i would say that this is a very fun game and reccomend this to anyone. I would say that this is also my own opinion and you may think differently of the game and that i am not criticizing the people who have bad reviews. I am just saying i don't see what you are talking about but appreciate your reviews because you made me think about getting this game before i possibly bought a bad game. I ventured and am glad i got this game but thanks for the warnings. but i will say to others considering, get this game i'm sure you will love it."
,Recommended,311690,22760729,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Mr Gandarf,"Enter The Gungeon (i cant be bothered to make this a proper in depth review or anything or even to explain the basics of the game) is a good game. It's fun and hard, as it should be, the level design i find is kind of boring and bland the enemies get repetitive but it is still a fun game. The Bosses are dificult , well im bad at it, so thats a plus.One thing that i find useful about the game, the diffrence between Controler and keyboard and mouse , for me is kind of big, i can dodge better on keyboard but the aim assit that comes with controler makes it a lot easier to consistentally hit the enemies while trying to dodge, but im bad at the game so it could be just me."
76561198273821299,Recommended,311690,22748685,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,dyannoukakis,"the game by itself is really nice. I like it very much even though its really hard. But overall there is a bug on my computer... Im using windows 8 and for some reason when i press 'tab' to view the map, nothng appears its black. That is a big issue as i cant use telleporters, i dont know which direction to go and  keep getting lost, plus not only the map is invisible, the book that appears uppon your death is blank and nothing is written on it. I have updated every proggram but  nothng seems to change :(.... please respone with a tip on how to fix this... thanks"
76561198275144884,Not Recommended,311690,22527421,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,virusthesnafu,"I really wanna recommend EtG for anyone who loves bullet hell games. But personally i felt it was a little underwhelming for a number of reasons. For a game about guns EtG sure feels like it has an overall lack of BFG 9000's and way to many functionally identical peashooters. To many wasted keys on chests than bore the fruit of mediocrity and it wasn't just the weapons, most consumables and passive items are situational at best and fewer are useful against bosses. No custom load outs means you're at the mercy of RNG and with so many different items you'll probably never acquire the right combo of items needed to create synergy. So much lost potential when it came to synergy and what a shame because i think this game could be fantastic with a few tweeks and maybe a save function between floors.Pros:great style/theme.tasty lexicon fulled fleshed out with bad puns galore.controls are responsive and worked well with an Xbox controller.certain weapons are a blast.the amount of enemies and boss typesboss battles are fun and engaging.challenging.Meh:the music is ok it just doesn't fit the action on screen is the issue for me.All the characters play the exact same way.No item description available on items sold by vendors.Cons:Perfect runs result in extra hearts while getting damaged during a boss fight do not. This feels backwards.Synergy between items rarely happens.Not enough total ammo for most gunsNo custom load outInsane item requirements for elevatorsBuying items in the breach is underwhelming without custom load outsGeneral lack of guidance from the game on how to achieve certain events.RNG can result in a busted run early on.Keys and ammo are a bit to uncommon."
76561198256386490,Recommended,311690,23003317,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Sapphire_Ducky,If Binding of Issac and Nuclear Throne had a baby it would be this
76561198005577988,Recommended,311690,23004071,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,GrilledChiz,"Haven't played much, but I'm enjoying most everything about the game so far. The art style has some great drive behind it (although not super polished) and the music is pretty good. Nice humor to the game and a lot of replay value. The game plays like Binding of Isacc (sorry if I spelled that wrong) but just in a different universe. Only complaint I have is the fact that you have to beat the game once to unlock co-op, and when you unlock co-op your partner is locked into one certain character. Not sure why the devs did this tbh other than for the challenge factor, but it's quite annoying. At the least I hope they'll allow co-op to be played from the beginning in a later update"
,Recommended,311690,22989813,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Ｃｈｏｐｐａｈ,"Mint Game~ great pixel graphics and effects .I wanted guns and I got GUNS ~ picked up a gun that shoots T-shirts then a banana and then a wooden box. soon after picking up all those guns, I found a box of cigarettes , I smoked ~ and diedof smoking.10/10"
76561198018651226,Recommended,311690,23001804,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,SirFlamington,Is an amazing gamei fully reccomend if you love bullet hell games
,Recommended,311690,22986818,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,[D.E.R.F] Hobo 42,"If you like Nuclear Throne, I would get this game.It's like Nuclear Throne, but a bit slower paced and more than just one ""room"" per level (where as in NT there is just the level and once you clear it you move on, while in this game you have several rooms per level and then a boss before moving on)I only wish there was more than 4 characters to choose from, but the varying weapons and items you pick up make up for it I think."
76561197999662451,Recommended,311690,25516014,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,SonofaSaracen,"First time review here, let me just preface with a couple of things. As you can see, I have put in about 15 hours into this game, something suprises me. Most games that I play the ""honeymoon"" phase is over usually within 4-5 hours, and the game begins to wear its welcome around the 20 hour mark. With this game, everything still feels fresh and honestly im floored that I have played 15 hours worth already, it honestly feels like its been 2 hours, GREAT GAME! I have tried other rouge likes before but none except for Rouge Legacy have managed to draw my attention for more than a couple of hours, this game from the get go pulled me in. Im not quite sure what it is, maybe its the amazing art, fluid controls, satisfying gameplay, sprinkles of creative humor spread throughout, or the depth of secrets that you stumble upon. Whatever the reason is, you can tell that is game is a game made from passion and heart and it shows in the minute to minute gameplay. Im obsessed, AWESOME GAME. 9/10 .....and the 1/10 off is because it makes me forget to breathe at moments while my heart is beating out of my chest"
,Recommended,311690,25524819,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Fermont,Excellent game!But can we have chinese version^^?
,Recommended,311690,22318508,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,⎝『Foxy Hyena』⎠Rio,gunks to this gunme I cant stop flipping and hugging at the time my tables
,Recommended,311690,25495903,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Ctrl + 8 + Delete,"Do I recommend this game? Yes, I do.I really do.fun: yepgraphics?: actually pleasing and pixelyco-op: yes sirSoundtrack?: yes yes very very good vERY Good job be proudcharacterS: yesguns?: nopeguns you personally prefer?: super soaker. strongest wep in the game 100% garunteed anybody would win with this - My last words before dying in the next room, using only the Super Soaker.things to discover?: lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots of stuffreplay value?: yes!!rougelike?: yES!!!spent your mom's credit card?: [The client's answer was a piece of paper, saying '(✓) please do not ask again']guns?: not a single one.. wait, déjá vu... was this repeated... or????????conclusion?: you should REALLY get the game like now. it's a good waste of money, and a well-worth waste of time. like all in a good way. but if you're not sure if you should get it you should ask your parents for help.Basically: get the game"
76561198203407209,Recommended,311690,22342626,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Samael,"A good game, but you should probably go ahead and use hacks to get over some of the game's flaws, like the maddening RNG that gives you only objectively bad guns and sticks you with your starter for an obscenely long time.Another thing is that the areas feels a little cramped and samey at times, but it's more a testement to the skills of the dev that they were able to make just enough content to make the Gungeon feel content rich without being  overstuffed."
,Recommended,311690,28546901,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sheep,"I enjoy this game, though at times difficult and downright annoying and enraging, i love it."
76561198036121695,Recommended,311690,25420081,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Toph,It's like if Binding of Isaac and Dark Souls had a baby.
,Recommended,311690,25405445,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,thedarkchocolate,"Great game. Cool art style ,very challenging and loads of replayability."
,Recommended,311690,25455148,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Strider,"There are a lot of games in my library that I can't seem to beat. Like, I've never beaten FTL and I can only reliably beat Binding of Isaac with Azazel. I've been close with Enter the Gungeon but there's always the risk of failure fatigue.What makes Enter the Gungeon different as it functions similiarly to Isaac is a totally off-the-wall, hilariously unified sense of design and lightheartedness. Shoot lasers, missiles, guns that fire bullets the size of your sprite, lightsabers in the shape of guns, bees, and more against all sorts of monsters that are twisted to fit the Gungeon's designs like bullets holding guns, mages that fire bullet hell spreads, and zombies that are spent bullet casings.Just don't think about it too much. You can get Mega Man's buster cannon and its called the Megahand."
76561198163934356,Recommended,311690,25452632,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,We Man4,One of the best roguelike shooter games I've ever seen and played this will make you want to keep trying and trying and you'll get very frustrated at certain times but overall it's super fun.
76561198065612574,Recommended,311690,25604843,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,jaquierkhader,Very charming game. I like the whole gun theme and the bosses are appropriately challenging
76561198282916341,Recommended,311690,25606719,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,DYERDYER,You just gotta run and gun it. Nuff said. PS not as easy as it looks. PPS - GREAT SOUNDTRACK. 10/10 WOULD RELOAD AGAIN!
,Recommended,311690,26304312,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,His Dudeness,"It's a really solid game, and I enjoyed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. My issue with it and the reason I stopped playing was both the difficulty and that each run felt very same-y after a little bit. Also, I felt like I always got the same guns all the time. Maybe I just hadn't unlocked enough of them yet, but I mean, 23 hours in and I'm still getting the same like 10 or so weapons was getting on my nerves. I'm with NL on this one where if they drop DLC for it, I'll absolutely come back and play it again. For now though, maybe I'll launch it once in a while for a quick fix. Fun game!"
,Recommended,311690,26328652,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Tupac Shakur,its pretty good
,Recommended,311690,26329243,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,the legend,Best game ever.
,Recommended,311690,26322199,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,BoxOfFaces,"Fans of rouge-likes: You need this game.Fans of twin-stick bullet-hell shooters: You NEED this game.I enjoy a few different rouge-likes, and a few different bullet-hell games, but Enter the Gungeon is by far the best rouge-like and the best shooter I've ever played. The gameplay is tight, fast-paced and challenging, but not unfair. This game does very well at giving you incredibly intimitating challenges that seem impossible at first, but as you try again and again, you can see your skills increase and eventually that same challenge will be no problem. The satisfaction when you beat something you've never defeated before is immense, because this game does not hand out victory to those who don't try (think Dark Souls).Being a rouge-like, whenever you die you restart at the begining. Enter the Gungeon does an amazing job of keeping things interesting, despite replaying over and over again. The levels are ""random"" for the most part, so you'll always have to react to whatever they throw at you, but the levels aren't TOTALLY random either. Each floor has a set list of room layouts and enemies that can appear, then randomly picks rooms to include and shufles them about. This way, floors will begin to become familiar, and you'll find yourself improving how you fight different enemies or handle different room layouts, but it's never quite the same so you can't just memorize the level layout either. An easy place to see this is with the boss - the boss battle isn't ""random"", but there are 3 diferent bosses for every floor, so you never know which one you're going to get. It's an excellent balance between new and familair that allows for improvement of one's skills and reactions without making it completely routine.Another thing that Enter the Gungeon does to help combat bordom is the weapon variety. There are SO many weapons in this game, ranging from the most basic of guns to some that are downright absrud. I've been playing the game for almost 20 hours and I still run into new weapons and think ""What is THIS?"" So not only do the level layouts keep things fresh, but you never know what kind of gear you'll find (if any at all), and that can change a run darastically. Sometimes you'll get a great gun, sometimes you'll get a terrible gun, and sometimes you'll get a gun you've never seen before. It keeps you on your toes, which goes a long way to making this game so great.To top it all off, Enter the Gungeon is incredibly charming. Expect lots of gun puns, silly enemies, and like I said before, absurd weapons. A lot of games try too hard to be charming or funny and come across as cheesy, but not this game. The genuine silliness of this game is delightful, without ever getting in the way of the challnging gameplay. The enemies really grow on you, and finding new weapons frequently makes me chuckle at how fun they are. It really adds to the expeirnece, like the loveable, decrotive icing atop an incredibly delicious cake.Overall, not only is Enter the Gungeon one of the best rouge-likes I've played and one of the best top-down shooters I've ever played, it's honestly one of the best GAMES I've ever played. I couldn't recomend it enough."
,Recommended,311690,25908505,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Clockwork Catz,Great game defenitely worth picking up. Really fun to watch my friends stream to.
,Recommended,311690,23449628,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Йуггернаут,Its not that hard...[Have played more than 100 hours and didn't get even to the 2nd flour]
76561198088823168,Recommended,311690,25702730,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,FrütCake,Shoot bullets at bullets that shoot you with bullets.
,Recommended,311690,25869906,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,λΔ,"Pretty fun bullet hell game, not sure why more people don't have it."
76561198126547201,Recommended,311690,25866523,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,JustAnotherStarlord,"Enter the Gungeon is a bullet hell in style much the the binding of isaac. The game plays well and the controls are tight and responsive. for those of you not sure of the consept, you choose one of 4 characters and go into the gungeon, your objective is to get the the bottom floor. I have never done this myself as the game is a challenge and you will find many hours of enjoyment. Upon death you will go to the hub area and loose almost all items apart from credits which can then be spent putting new items into the next run into the gungeon that you do.very good game and would recomend it to anyone, if my review was a hard read i also have a lets play on my channel showing the game basics.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvx8uh2oCHQ"
76561198016411868,Recommended,311690,25876759,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,c0mmanderKeen,"This game is a rogue-like top-down shooter. If you know you way aroung the genre, this is a mix between nuclear throne and the binding of isaac: combat is like the former, unlocking is more like the latter.What truly sets it apart from Isaac is the dodge roll mechanic. ""Don't get hit"" is the single most important thing you have to git gud at to beat this game - something I have not yet done. I don't think I've even come close, since I have not reached the fourth stage of the game. But I am still very motivated due to the way progression works here. Every time I beat a boss (every stage has one) you get credits that are then safe; regardless of how far you get this is what you get to keep.You can spend credits in various stores run by npc's that you unlock by encountering / freeing / talking to them in the gungeon below. In true dark souls fashion, they will show up at firelink shri- eerr in the ""breach"" after you have chatted with them. There even is a crestfallen dude that gives some advice and gains additional dialogue when you encounter new enemies and areas, just like crestbro (a character present in all four ""souls"" games by From Software).Unlocking weapons and passive items this way means that you now have a chance to encounter them on your runs. Items are either in chests you can unlock with keys or bought in a store. Every stage has a store which does not take the ""global"" progression currency but funds you acquire by killing regular enemies - these are lost after death and only count during the current run. The store also sells keys - take my advice, you always want all the keys you can get in order to open those sweet chests.There are a *LOT* of passive / active items and guns to unlock here. The style is fittingly wacky, with many hommages and references to movies, gaming or other pop culture.There are a handful of different characters to choose from at the start of the game, with at least two more to unlock through progression. The (starting) characters handle the same, but are different in their starting weapon loadout, passive and active items as well as presentation. The variety isnt as strong as in Nuclear Throne for example but most definitely sufficient. I cannot say anything about the additional characters since I am trying not to spoil myself too much :PIn my opinion, it is superior in presentation to Nuclear Throne and ""Isaac"", with pretty artwork and pretty sweet weapon FX. Enemy design is a bit wonky at times but there is a wide variety of foes to get killed by. The difficulty curve is steep - as is to be expected in this genre - but the game rarely feels cheap or unfair. There is a rudamentory local coop system in place but I feel that single player is where it's at in this game: coop feels a bit tacked on and you are better served to look elsewhere for your pure couch coop pleasure.I highly recommend this to all rogue-like shooter fans. If you shy away from steep difficulty, this may not be for you. If you liked Nuclear Throne or Isaac, or crave some nice shootouts with bullets flying everywhere and tables being flipped for cover, this is for you."
,Recommended,311690,25865008,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,NiKaDra,"The most epic roguelike shooter, in my opinion. Nuclear Throne might have come before, but I prefer this.Pros:Amazing MusicSame Goes for visualsSmooth and Satisfying GameplayA Huge variety of itemsVery Skill BasedCons:Most of the projectiles basically look the sameNo online co-opOverall, a definite reccomend from me."
76561198180203249,Recommended,311690,25856690,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,FISH-DOG,"Сложно, даже очень, но это того стоит!"
,Recommended,311690,26137431,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Arn,"It took me about 27~ hours to beat this game ONCE. By ""beat"" I mean it took me that time to unlock one of the game's true endings.(ignore most of the achivements I have, I got them by using someone else's save at one point. I regretted that so I deleted it, and started from the very beginning.)The characters are interesting, there's a fascinating and unique lore to the game that kept me going. In addition to that, there are a LOT of guns that just kept coming. Some were great and powerful, some were interesting, funny, or just plain ♥♥♥♥ing strange. The bosses are challenging but possible to kill without getting hit (but screw the Wallmonger. God. I had an easier time with the Dragun.).The amount of things you can unlock, from guns to passive and active items, as well as NPCs that can help you on your quest, is just staggering.It's extremely satisfying to amass a great collection of guns and knowledge about the game, it felt really good to finally beat it. The art is amazingly well done to boot.I can't wait for more updates, free or paid DLC. I know I'll keep coming back for more.Minor complaint is that some of the more powerful enemies you encounter are simply reskins. But, to offset that, there are a LOT of different enemies as well.9/10Edit: A few days later, and many many more hours in, I have finally beaten Bullet Hell. God what a crazy good game. I can't wait for the Supply Drop update, and anything else that Dodge Roll will put out."
,Recommended,311690,26208398,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,GiantPlaidSquirrel,OH MY GOD THIS GAME IS THE BEST. THIS IS LITERALLY BINDING OF ISAAC & NUCLEAR THRONE'S CHILD
76561198121051753,Recommended,311690,26208489,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Duncanbuildit,A very good game each playthrough is diffrent and there are a ton of weapons to find. 9/10
,Recommended,311690,29454111,Posted: 23 January,all,[KOR] Rin,"This is one of the best Twin Stick top down Shooter with Rogue Like elements to it.After the Supply Drop update.. This is really great time to pick this game up.Before the patch, I thought that the game was overall polished really well and the idea of the game was great. However, due to the fact that getting a key and ammos were difficult in the first run, so you will always end up having a bad run. But after the update, stuff got a lot better and I will say this is best time to pick the game and play.The controls feels super fluid, the frame rate is also super fluid, and the graphic quality is pretty polished.All the character has unique back stories to it(although its kind of an parody of something). All the characters has some passives or active items to it. The sound quality and music were good. My only gripe is the fact that all the boss music sounds the same. Wish there was more distinctive boss battle music.But overall, this is one of the most polished Twin Stick Shooter game experience ever since Helldivers.If you like typical top down shooting game that requires some skills but not too demanding.. then you should pick this game.서플라이 드롭패치 이후로 다시 리뷰를 써보자면일단 게임 디자이너가 의도한데로 나오고 있는게 보인다 이 게임은 트윈 스틱 탄막 슈터 던전 크롤링에 로그라이크를 섞어놓은 게임인데 기본적으로 조작감부터 시작해서 퍼포먼스며 2D 그래픽중에서도 거의 부드러운 모습을 보여준다 바인딩 오브 아이작의 경우는 난이도가 어려운 편이라고는 하지만 아이템 조합이 좋은게 나오면 게임이 엄청 쉬워지는 감이 있지만 이 게임의 경우는 사실상 운보다는 피지컬이 좀더 요구되는 게임이다패치 이전에는 초반에 열쇠얻기가 너무 힘들고 뭣보다 초반에 무기 좋은걸 얻질 못하면 게임 클리어가 힘들어졌는데 지금은 상당히 많이 고쳐져서 기본적으로 실력이 좀 되면 기본총 가지고도 4층까지 가는건 무난하다. 던전이 길어서 생각보다 탐험하는데에 템포가 길어진다는 단점이 있지만 게임내에서 탐험한 구간은 포탈을 통해 순간이동을 하며 플레이가 가능하다만 아직도 좀 보이는 단점이라면 일부 보스전의 HP가 높은편이다 보니 역시 진행하면서 좋은 총기를 못얻으면 데미지를 받지 않고 보스 클리어하는건 어렵다. 진 최종 보스 스테이지인 구간에 가면 완전 헬이다. 그걸 제외하면 이 게임은 내가 스팀에서 해본 트윈 스틱 슈터 게임중에서는 제일 추천할만하다고 생각한다"
,Recommended,311690,26150473,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,NatasNow,"100 hours deep into the gameAlmost everything unlocked, i get aSuper Hot WatchAfter 2 hours i filled every single pixel of my screen with bullets10/10 would crash the game again.PS: 110 hours in, still haven't seen aGlitch Chest and the Rainbow Chest"
76561198085489801,Recommended,311690,30787777,Posted: 28 March,all,WinnB,"One of my favorite games of all time. I didn't like rouge-likes and I was hesitant to pick up Nuclear Throne, EtG's spiritual successor. But, I fell in love with the twin-stick, randomly generated, bullet hell, dungeon crawling mayhem that I got from Nuclear Throne and EtG turns all that up to 11. With well over a hundred guns, at least as many items, tons of bullet-themed enemies, interesting and terrifying bosses, wacky vendors, and satisfying progression,Enter the Gungeon is the definitive dungeon crawler.The Gungeon starts as a spooky and empty place, but soon you start rescuing NPCs who are trapped deep within the Gungeon. These guys offer you new shops, more lore, and even ways to cheat by skipping floors entirely. Soon the place fills with friendly faces who offer you advantages that allow you to dive deeper. Every bit of this game was made with love. Do yourself a favor: pick up this game. Its worth every penny. I couldn't reccommend this more strongly."
76561198152227263,Recommended,311690,26168222,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Yurkon,"The co-op mode has so many bugs:I think the most important one is that the cultist sometimes (most times) cannot buy items, or at least in the common shop.Other is that with the cultist I cannot use the middle click to interact, other characters can use it even in co-op.and probably one of the least important ones the cultists toy gun is alredy in its starting positing when they are falling inside the gungeon.This bugs aren't unique of my computer I have seem them in computers of my friends and some are really important."
76561198281740493,Recommended,311690,26080463,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,UltimatePeaceWalker,"If you're a fan of the rouge-like style gameplay of Binding of Issac, you'll definitely love this game. It's definitely given me a good amount of entertainment, and I still haven't even done half of the stuff possible in the game. Just when you think you've done all you can on Gungeon, there's always something to do.If I had to give it a rating, I'd probably give it a 9/10. It's definitely good, but I feel as though there could be some improvements. For example, it may just be me, but there a lot of moments that feel as though you can't dodge, like you have to take the hit. This is especially apparent in bosses and small rooms / small corridors. Other than that, another thing that I like about this game is that every hit feels like you're responsible. The controls are so responsive that if you get hit, you are the one to blame for getting hit."
,Recommended,311690,26143861,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,DKH Azzie,This game is damn good! But it doesnt start anymore after i played it for about 9h...
76561198220003573,Recommended,311690,26136258,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,OCEAN MAN,"hard game, but once you get the hang of it can be really fun, havent made it that far tough, but the love of progression makes me want to play it everyday"
76561198098606576,Recommended,311690,26157784,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Clankhay,"I'm sure you've heard of the phrase ""Fight Fire with Fire"" but have you heard of the phrase ""Fight Bullets with Bullets""? Because this game is the literal embodiment of it.EtG is very fun and difficult game, that I'd highly recommend to those familiar with the genre of bullet hell but not to others due to the fast pace and low margin for error at higher levels. I would recommend you first play Binding of Isaac (another great game) to get a feel for the genre, then -dodge- roll right into this game -firing- on all cylinders for a -shot- at taking down the boss as to a first timer all of the deaths would feel like a -leaden- weight. I'd give you some -bullet- point pros and cons but I'm to busy -shelling- out money for the plushies.Overall a great game for those who know the genre, if you don't, I'd recommend you try Isaac first and get your 100 or so hours out that, then come back for a -round- in the gungeon(P.S. I'm sorry if i've -mortar-fied you with all of the puns just don't give me that -blank- look, you know my jokes are of high -caliber- just don't tell your boss these jokes, you'll get -fired- :P)"
76561198334954831,Recommended,311690,26192629,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,ButterFingers,"Enter the gungeon is a Rogue-like that is more hard and challenging than games like ""Binding of Issac"" and ""Nuclear Throne"", if you do not like getting frustrated, then you should most likely not buy this game. It is procedurally generated with loads of weapons and items, but with that in mind you don't see a gun twice very often which is kinda disapointing. One thing you should do is not to give up, it might seem impossible at first to defeat the first boss, but with practice it is rather done easily.PROS-Weapon Variety-Enemy Variety-Punishing, but fair-Visual Stlye-Fun Bosses-Very FunnyCONS-Rare to see the same Gun twice-Sometimes Runs are Based on Luck- (In My Opinion) Not much CharactersOverallThis Game is alot of fun, and I can see myself playing for a another 20 hours.9/10"
76561197985717745,Recommended,311690,25946226,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SuperBroHeroFella,"One of the best couch coop shooters ever made. Great mechanics, lots of fun, pretty hard. Played it for hours with my girlfriend - so never tried the singleplayer. If you're into roguelike dungeon crawlers this is prolly a game for you."
76561198276215135,Recommended,311690,25975237,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,KirinKobalt,"Love this game, Love bullet hells, Love shooting bullets at bullets shooting bullets."
,Recommended,311690,26006842,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ambassador Pineapple,"Incredibly addictive, and incredibly infuriating. All in all, 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,311690,26018854,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ZoraMikau,"Honestly one of my favorite PC games. It's is extremely fun. I have only fought the end of the gungeon boss once and died, so I'm far from ""finishing"" the game. Even though the game is really difficult, it manages to still be really fun and not become dull because of not being able to beat it. The multiplayer is fun too. Overall just a fantastic game and I definitely recommend it. Games like this aren't even something I normally play but this one is so good."
76561198065068952,Recommended,311690,25992044,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Silver Rain,"As a fan of rogue-likes, this game is everything I could possibly want. Variety, silliness, intensity, and, most of all, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ OBLITERATING difficulty. 12/10 would recommend."
76561198091523133,Recommended,311690,25344142,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ambenson,I assume Bullet King is the final boss... Right?Edit: Finally made it to chamber 2
,Recommended,311690,25975924,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Yano Games,The best part about this game is shotting bullets out of your gun at living bullets that shoot bullets back at you out of thier own gun. ITS A PARADOX AND I LIKE IT!
76561198139697241,Recommended,311690,25993022,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Sky,I haven't beaten this game yet but I still keep coming back to it.(The game has beaten me 20 times over though)
,Recommended,311690,26011175,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kaiser Wilhelm,The binding of isaac meets nuclear throne
,Recommended,311690,23810617,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mydadmartin,all the guns sound like peanut brittle but it's ok I guess
,Recommended,311690,25059883,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Chance Sutton,"This game is one of the best games I have played with my freinds, if you like bullet hell, this is the game for you. But I do wish there was online multiplayer so you will have to have a controller plugged in, and it is only 2 player."
,Recommended,311690,25055627,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,My Car Is Slow,Dark Souls with guns.Super challenging but fun game with big guns and dodge rolling.Would recommend
76561198119723888,Recommended,311690,25013800,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SnakeEye1500,i think this game is very good but should include co op play
76561198107804211,Recommended,311690,25064495,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Scary Terry,"This game is muy awesme-o, i wacthed the trailer and i was like, that is gonna be a good game and i bought it and played it and i was like yo, thats a good game. so yeah, if youre thinking about buying this game because of the trailer, then think no longer and just buy it u dumb idiot, thanks"
76561198157699480,Recommended,311690,25103005,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,BlackRabbit,"After unlocking everything in 150 hours of gungeoning, I can easily tell you that this game is awesome. If you are into these type of games (rogue-like, RNG based rpg) you should definitely try this game, at least. It may come difficult at the beginning, but you will get used to it in time and it will become kind of addicting to try over and over again. It's beautifully designed, chapters and boss fights are really fun, characters are nicely balanced and have great achievements to complete.I will probably wait for further updates (hopefully) to play it again, but I can't wait for that day to come even just after 'finishing' the game."
,Recommended,311690,25139692,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Orvalax,Unbelieveably good. Fantastic visuals. Fantastic sound effects and music.
,Recommended,311690,25168050,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Xorrenzo ❤ Forevermore,Anal♥♥♥♥♥♥is way more enjoyfull than I taught
,Recommended,311690,25125842,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,⋁⋀⋤Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨Ʒ⋁⋀⋤,"This game is a mix between the binding of isaac and nuclear throne. This game is an amazing rogue-like and an insane bullet hell game, you have to try to make your way around all the stages while dodging overwhelming amounts of attacks coming for you, there are so many weapons to use and lots of replayability so you wont get sick of this game easily, the game can be quite challenging considering the overwhelming amounts of obstacles trying to get in your way but you will have a really fun experience going through this game over and over again it is one of the best rogue-like games i have played so i would recommend this game to anyone who likes rogue-likes or bullet hell games."
76561198175964009,Recommended,311690,24925392,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,akuburass,"Wow  such a great game. If you like rogue-like games than this game is for you.First of all I give it a 7.5/10 If you like The Binding OF Isaac or similar games than this is the perfect game for you. Great gameplay, great replayability and it changes the formula a bit with its roll machenic. So if you would like a nice twist to the regular rogue-like game than Enter The Gungeon is great for you."
,Recommended,311690,24972786,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,isak,"Incredibly challenging and frustrating, meaning it's one of the best action roguelikes on Steam. It can start to get stale as you near the endgame, but that's a few dozen hours in. There's problems with it, but the developers are quick to squash bugs and address player feedback. You'll get burnt out of it eventually, but it takes a long while."
,Recommended,311690,25002418,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Suitavon,">Reach fourth level.>Loaded to the teeth with amazing weapons.>Flawlessed every boss up to this point.>Reach the boss.>Take a single hit.>Everything goes downhill, die within seconds.10/10, would choke up, die and get salty about it again"
76561197972472227,Recommended,311690,24964366,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Habble,"I would recommend this game. It's definitely the hardest roguelike I've ever played. Unfortunately, the game is not very optimized. For me, running it on a Surface, it is very sluggish at times. The controls are tight, but not tight enough to meet the demands of those who are playing it on a lower-end gaming computer. Since this pixelated game looks appealing to those who are not into / can't afford the expensive, higher-end hardware of PC gaming, these frequent run-ending lag spikes kind of degrade the game's appeal. Dodge Roll, you guys made a great game, but I wish that it would just run smoother. I wish you guys the best of luck!"
76561198080618198,Recommended,311690,24882475,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Dag_Darnit,"I normally don't play twin stick shooters like this.  I'm usually playing big name AAA titles, but I keep coming back to this one.  It's short but sweet, challenging yet rewarding, and so addictive.  I just wish there were more levels or a survival mode that keeps ramping up the difficulty.  I love the variety of guns, and that one time you get the Commando missile launcher as your FIRST GUN makes it all worth it.  Lots of unlockables, lots of replay.  Great game, great price."
76561198011878417,Recommended,311690,25070479,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Pingbar,"I've enjoyed my hours of playing this game. The start was the most exciting, with a lot of weapons and items to discover. I can't play for the life of me but it's still good fun. I mostly get too greedy and die. Then I die some more. Good times.If one enjoys games similar to this, it's a good addition to one's library. I don't regret buying it."
,Recommended,311690,25063698,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,KυяςzムκB,"Sooo... From what I should start...(oh I got an idea!)So I honestly think this is an amazing game, Gameplay is badass, music totally awesome i love everything about it. When Im writing this I saw in a revievs section for EtG a lot of people comparing this game to BoI:A or Nuclear Throne. And I have something to say about this : DO. NOT. COMPARE. THIS. TWO. GAMES. TO. ENTER THE GUNGEON. These three games have other developers, everyone has a diffrent idea while creating these games. Yes, i know these are from the same game type, they're all rouge-likes and bullet hells (yes i know the BoI is not exactly bullet hell but, that's not the point) but this one is really uniqe. Let me explain why:-Went to the first chamber-Got a freaking AWP-Killed a giant bird-Repat with other chambersThat's the whole point of Enter the Gungeon: You get guns, you shoot these guns, you get ammo for guns... Everything in this game is based around guns! Even the enemies are bullets!Of course there are a few problems with the game but im not going to say them in this review.Overall i think this is an amazing game and it is defenitly worth 15€"
76561198173282629,Recommended,311690,25195956,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,V8gaming,why is there no multiplayer through online steam its so sad and hard at start so please make it onlinebut its still a good game i recommend it. (-_-)
76561198126975019,Not Recommended,311690,22256616,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"It's nice for a while but the problem with Enter the Gungeon it's that it doesn't seem to understand very well what it's trying to be, Enter the gungeon clearly it's a roguelike, it's even been described like that by it's publisher Devolver Digital, and it's Developer Dodgeroll Games, even then, the game can't help but to be plagated by issued that kill the rogue like experience, i frankly enjoyed the game, only for one thing, and that was the difficulty, the difficulty it's a very big factor in this game, this is a game that will take years to even beat it for some people, I think that's a little bit unfair on the games side to not even include an option, even then i can understand it as some sort of way to keep the game true to the developers point of view, even it it's one i don't agree with, i can bare with it. But the problem with the difficulty implementation it's the fact that the game doesn't even take a break to try and give you the ability to grow through it's experience, something like say The binding of isaac does very well, that, as well as pretty much every single other rogue like game, this is a game that cripples the player by poor design choices, like making different colored chests that represent the rarity of it's contents, only to then don't allow the player have any control over what to get in them, in the end, it just feels like a cheap shot to even try to open a chest only to find another terrible, useless item, this doesn't add anything to the game, nor to the ""challenge"" of it's experience, it feels a lot more as if the game was trying to desperately be as difficult as possible while fogetting in the first place what it's trying to be, it's insane that 46 hours into the game the only ""cool"" items that i found were only two, one of them which by the way got me killed simply because it took too long to charge, and the other one being one that i saw months ago, haven't seen again, and i think it got nerfed in the end.I just don't understand the sacrifice of not having different difficulty options as well as no good items in the least, almost every item does the same amount of damage to a boss, and now that i've finally finished the game a ton of times, forgotten entirely about some of the side activities, and pretty much have discovered much of what this game has to offer, i can only say i'm severly dissapointed, and i think people that used to play this game religiously can say the same, i don't see that many streamers anymore playing it, if at all, the vast majority of them have move along onto other things after they've mastered the game, and that's simply because the game it's just difficulty and nothing more, and empty vessel of a promise hidden within a terrible amount of frustration and rage produced by trying to learn the erradic patterns of each enemy, by trying to learn things from the way that some guns work, and so on, and so forth, the reason as to why this game end up failing for a lot of people wasn't just because the game is really difficult, but because the game only has difficulty to offer and nothing more, no more than challenge, and you need more, something else that attracts you, that lures you in, that's all."
,Recommended,311690,25208399,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Callil,"Used to get bodied by bosses in 4th and 5th floors until I found a Rainbow Chest. Now I run the gungeon !10/10, would get bodied again.Seriously, this game is epic. Once you get into it and begin to know the guns and items, it becomes so addictive. It's only 15 bucks but you can play for a hundred of hours to unlock everything. I strongly recommand it to rogue like lovers !Don't let the apparent difficulty prevents you from playing it, it's only a matter of training and learning the game mechanics.Hats off to the devs, this game is world class !"
,Recommended,311690,26434015,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,xoidas620,"This is a great game, but over a while it becomes repetitive. Play it as much as you like, but be sure to take breaks between every two runs so it does not get boring."
76561198271339527,Recommended,311690,26421190,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jacob,"Still can't beat it and pisses me off, Yet keeps me coming back again and again."
,Recommended,311690,26407482,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Big Fella,Hours of fun
,Recommended,311690,26407047,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,DJDiceZ,"I already loved Isaac (About 200h on it), but this is an even better game to me. Feels a lot more fair and skill based yet challenging without being frustratingly hardcore. Biggest downside might be the ammount of content that isn't nearly as tremendous as Isaac. If you like Isaac, less cheap shots, and bullet hell, this is a really fun game. Most negatives reviews seem to be uncalled for, by people that need to git gud. (Have a few more hours than displayed considering i got the game before buying it on steam)There's apparently a big update/DLC soon so there's that too."
76561198315235750,Recommended,311690,26410273,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,pogerz202,Bullets keep killing me with bullets
76561198320908836,Recommended,311690,25472336,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,potatogamer,"Great fun game, it has tons of hours and gameplay. One problem I have is that the game crashes on the title screen from time to time and I have to restart my hole computer. Other than that the game is great and I definantaly would recommend it."
,Recommended,311690,25472437,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,javirebeld,I think is not my type of game but still amazing work
,Recommended,311690,25512783,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,My Blink +44,This game is kinda Dark if you think hard about it..
76561198175852243,Recommended,311690,25335431,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Singularity,"Amazing game. After completing The Binding of Isaac, I was looking for a new roguelike to bring back the experience of learning and mystery of when I first started playing Isaac, and Gungeon delivered. I would say it is much harder than Isaac, but the mechanics and interesting guns/items make up for the early deaths for the first 10-20 hours of the game when I was learning. If you enjoy rogue-likes, you'll love this game."
76561198099081120,Recommended,311690,30862927,Posted: 31 March,all,Starch,"Great game, got to kill a bodybuilding segull10/10"
,Recommended,311690,25663161,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Andrew Nightroad,"why I liked this game- everything is themed as shells and bullets, I LOVED the concept.- I played 72 hours so far and still haven't unlocked a third of the total content of the game.- references, to other games, tv series.- literally hundreds of different weapons (some of the laser type, especially the revolver guns, sometimes are like the same but lasers are cool in the end)-the Lower Case r  gun , A.K.A ""BULLET.  BULLET . BULLET."" (favorite weapon ever)- Hard as fudge. but not SO hard. it's just dodge and having good timing for dodging, and I'm not that good at timing, only average good in games like guitar hero or... that  game that starts with ""D"" and ends in ""Souls"".... but if you have good timing at those games you won't have problem with the dodge system in this game.-the items are unlockable with some sort of in game reward points (zero microtransactions) IMPORTANT THING-and it's cheap. :3"
,Recommended,311690,25660576,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Mega Mind,gr8 rouge game nuclear throne and binding of isaac combined!
,Recommended,311690,25659513,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,supernewton,"This is a really great game. There is a large variety of weapons, ranging from mundane ones based off real-life guns to ROCKETS WITH BEES IN THEM. The dodge roll mechanic feels great to use even though you'll constantly screw it up by rolling straight into bullets. It also feels great to slowly learn the ins and outs of each enemies' patterns, progressing a little further in the gungeon each run. A victory is highly satisfying, however long that will take, and I highly recommend this game."
76561197986385789,Recommended,311690,25628173,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,hissface,"This is an outstanding little game. I was really surprised by the amount of content in there. Even after 27 hours I'm still regularly unlocking new guns (most of which are highly imaginative and fun to use, quite apart from how 'powerful' they are), new items, and finding new NPCs. And I've *still* barely unlocked half of what's on offer. Hugely recommended."
,Recommended,311690,25678553,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,fare67t,"Edit: I don't quite know why people compare this to Isaac, as the games are pretty much nothing alike (theres no disgusting piles of literal♥♥♥♥♥♥that 'pop' when shot, and you arn't a naked boy who looks like someone from newgrounds drew it.)I honestly wish steam had a revised review system based on most interview / quiz question answers.Don't know what I mean? Instead of having only 2 options (recommend / do not), you would have 5: hate it, dislike, neutral, like, love it.Anyway, I'd rate this game on that scale as a ""Like it"".Great game with loads of fun content to play through, but it comes with one (somewhat glaring) issue: The Resolution.As far as I know, unless you have a 1920 x 1080 scale monitor, the game basically disallows you to use the Pixel Perfect graphical option.What is it? Basically an option that allows you to play the game as intended: no stretched sprites / pixels or backgrounds.Now, you CAN technically turn it on, but unless you have the size resolution / monitor stated above, it defaults into what appears to be an 800 x 600 box with black borders.So, unless your willing to fork out loadz a mone' to get said resolution monitor, your stuck with one of two options: have everything ingame stretched to fit, or deal with the small box.So to any of the developers (if you chose to read this): I dont care if its not exactly the same as the higher res pixel perfect mode, I'd like it if you could allow people like me with a 1366 x 768 resolution to play the game in pixel perfect mode without the black-bordered box. (sorry if that seemed demanding / angry, I had a headache.)"
76561198005371860,Recommended,311690,25637782,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Young TrashDisposal,There is definately a lack of memes from this title. Nonetheless its a pretty good game with very fun gameplay and a slew of enemies and boss to get through. 8/10 Not enough memes.
,Recommended,311690,25631038,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,🐟Leonardo Vinerolli🍟,"TL;DR below, if you want to read scroll down, otherwise take a look at these nice ratingsGameplay:9Graphics:7Handiling:8Control layout:5Difficulty:8Diversity:10Sound:7Total score: 54/70, 77%,This game, unlike most Rougelites in it's genre(for example, Binding of Issac), you need skill more then luck to get good items to defeat enemies and bosses alike. It's a hard game, very hard for new-comers to the Rougelite genre, but give it some hours and you'll master the Gungeon. Also, Gun puns. Lots of gun puns.There are SOME bosses (not pointing names and naming fingers, they know who they are.) that can be nearly impossible to beat due to their utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t attacks, but other then that it's a pretty damn good game.Over-all rating:8/10."
76561198140283607,Recommended,311690,25680353,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Spoderman,"I enjoyed this game a lot. I never really played any dungeon crawler or bullet hell games before this and when I saw the trailer I knew I had to play this. It's a fun, fast-paced, and dificult game with a great style, and sense of humor. It's a game that you'll play, die often, and get frustrated at but still try over and over again. I love the imagination the devs had with this game; adding in a ton of wierd, quirky, and somewhat random content that all just fits together in a great way. There's something here for everyone even if you always thought you hated these kinds of games."
,Recommended,311690,26368842,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Prufrock,"10/10 Would get 3 brown chests in a row as pilot and fail to lockpick all of them. Killed the Pilot and Marine's past now, and don't know what I am doing with my life; A fully excellent game however, would reccomend to all."
,Recommended,311690,26260449,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Cobsters,"It's good. Similar to Touhou, but dungeon crawler style with a wide assortment of weapons.It being like Touhou means it's hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ so have fun!"
,Recommended,311690,26074281,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Shorvok,If you like roguelikes and doing the same thing again and again with some variation and improving then this is for you.If you get annoyed by having to restart completely when you die then just skip this game.
76561198060966145,Recommended,311690,23105847,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Cant stump the Trump,This game is incredible. I'm super hooked
76561198066787261,Recommended,311690,23105654,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,TheMostUnderratedMage,"THERE'S A GUN THAT CAN KILL THE PAST!♥♥♥♥ YA!!!!!!!!!!10/10-Worth every gun attached to inanimate object.Legit, a pillow-gun that you fluff to reload. Pure genius,"
,Recommended,311690,23089747,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,GameKirby,The true child of The Binding Of Isaac & Nuclear Throne
76561197971371236,Recommended,311690,23090655,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Instigator,Enter the bad RNG.A game about losing an hour of your time because you go two floors without any ammo dropping and having to fight therealfinal boss with your starting pistol.Would struggle for thirty minutes again.
76561198023906188,Recommended,311690,23047446,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,fooshards,"The difficulty really ramps up to 11 at level 4.   And then there's level 5.  Fricken great game.  All the guns are fun.  My favorite so far has been duct taping a RPG to a Grenade Launcher.   Double explosions and holy crap.  So much fun, so many favorite guns.  H4MMER!"
76561198226784492,Recommended,311690,23025445,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Duck Duck,This game is really cool and hard to beat.
,Recommended,311690,22988306,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,[TAKSIC] Swiffer Wet-Jet,"It's sorta like if Isaac and Nuclear Throne had a baby. This game is a great rogue-lite and has insane replayablilty. The only partial downside is that Gungeon is EXTREMELY tough. Right now I'm 26 hours in and not consistently beating the game. I conclusion, 10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,311690,22992513,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,slept,Rad. 12/10
,Recommended,311690,22992681,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Hippy,Really fun little game; it nails the 'live die repeat' mantra of many roguelikes where deaths feels reasonable and rarely unfair;  controls on the 360 joypad work well and it has a cool art and style all of it's own; reasonably priced so happy to recomend it.
76561198201790183,Recommended,311690,22991355,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,RiceEater,I'd recommend a noodle gun.( Just a thought )
,Recommended,311690,23054495,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,The Absolute Madman,"Never has a game been this consistent with it's action. Every second you play, you feel full of adrenaline. Never has a game made me want to snap my own neck, or throw my pc against the wall repeatedly and then take a massive♥♥♥♥♥♥on it. Never has a game made me consistently scream at the monitor, yet always come back for more. WOW. Also, the bossfights in this game feel very cinematic. One might complain that they are too long, but every boss feels like a final boss, and its insane. So far, ive gotten to the 3rd floor, but barely, and I have yet to repeat that."
,Recommended,311690,23074480,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,akosnikowski1,"I was hesitant to give this game a thumbs up, because I heard they didn't give Phil Fish any money. That being set aside, this game has the difficulty of good bullet hell and rougue-like titles, but with a goofy and ""light on the senses"" format. In a genre that is being flooded with redundand mechanics, this game managed to stay original and refreshing while still maintaining the challenge we've come to expect from Permadeath Roguelikes.P.S.This game is incredibly hard on single player. Don't buy it if you aren't prepared to die a lot."
,Recommended,311690,23074597,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,☂,"If you like Isaac (Any one) and Nuclear Throne, this game is in it for you. Interesting Bullet Hell + Roguelike combination of a game that does it well. Rooms and Items like Isaac, Guns and bullet dodging like Nuclear Throne."
,Recommended,311690,23075496,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,weeb matthew,"very good instalment in the rogue-lite genre, i wouldn't say it's as good as binding of isaac, but it's very far from the worst, it does a good job letting you know what needs to be done next, rolling is a fun and well integrated mechanic, it has good character balance, good music, game play is a little slower than most roguelites, unique bosses, gun puns are through the roof, items are a little lack luster at the beginning, but you unlock items later on that are run winners in themselfs, winning in this game is satisfying.if you're bad at bullet hells, or are not a fan of rogue-lites you might not like this game sense early game isn't as good as late game.over all i'd give this game a 8.5 out of 10, it's a must play for rogue-lite fans"
76561198042151731,Recommended,311690,23075657,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Scusemua,"This game is phenomenal. If you're a fan of the roguelike genre or dungeon crawing genre, I highly recommend this. I personally give it a 10/10."
76561197993773416,Recommended,311690,23082789,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,JimmyHaze,"Great game.  I love when the real game makers come out with something difficult with huge rewards.  I look forward to what else will be updated.  I feel multiplayer can use an online version, but I think that is where a bit more attention needs to be directed.  The game is fast and fun, got the skills to 'Perfect the first level' then you get health upgrades.  So risk and reward, but you also need the skills.  I highly recommend this game to anyone, I have no problems paying full retail for smaller games like these.  Rather do that, than support big guys that just release unfinished games hoping to make billions but fall completely short of anything anyone expected.Little tip : Practice makes perfect."
76561198088610910,Recommended,311690,23080147,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Xxxdarksasuke2002xxX,played 98 hours of Dark souls III got a new computer lost my save bought this game can't wait to lose some more progress somehow10/10
76561197988045810,Recommended,311690,30779150,Posted: 27 March,all,FoxCincaid,"I shot things and then died, horribly. Would recommend if you like bullet hells where you need to use your skill to dodge, duck, dip, dive and dodge. Fun roguelike elements that allow you to get a lit as hell run, then immediately throw it like it's on fire."
76561198073488488,Recommended,311690,23053671,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Arcade Marine,"amazing game but really hard, think of it as binding of isaac but way more difficult"
76561198003227119,Recommended,311690,22979517,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,DeadWalking,"Well, this game is quite hard at start, once you learned the trick, you could clear the game with much ease.Very fun game. Love it."
76561198308542758,Recommended,311690,24581754,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,CommunistDoggo,great game much bullets would gungeon againsrsly a really good game and i like the pixelated graphics
,Recommended,311690,24525626,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Commander of ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),I beat the first boss without taking damage10/10 100/100 Best game
76561198117224387,Recommended,311690,24557193,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,A Garbage Bag,It took me 50 attempts to beat the first boss.10/10
,Recommended,311690,24586426,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Tyson,This game gave me carpal tunnel syndrome.9/10
,Recommended,311690,24720158,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Das SimÜlation,Soundtrack of the year 2016. Also an amazing game on top of that.
76561198124809170,Recommended,311690,24738820,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,|ѝЅ| BrooSte®z #AoM,"How can this look so cool and not have Online multiplayer?!?! Local only! Fun, but a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198273437979,Recommended,311690,24709899,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,PotatiologyYT,It's a great game but I would enjoy it more if it had exp. My rating of this game out of 5 stars is 4.3. I feel that this game has more potential with an exp system.
76561198313706193,Recommended,311690,24722080,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sexy Garfield,Great gameCan't beat level 2 though
,Recommended,311690,24683146,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Protohm Johnny,"Addictive.That's all there is to say, if you haven't tried this game out you should definitely buy it!I'm seriously at a loss of words. Really awesome!"
76561198052723682,Recommended,311690,24689372,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AnzelTheGazelle,Its fun
,Recommended,311690,24689477,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,siLence,10/10 would die again
76561198054543086,Recommended,311690,24702259,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Wembly,100% Recommended if you liked Binding of Isaac or Crawl.
76561198027377369,Recommended,311690,24703084,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mick Waziski,Shop had a grindergave it gun foodgot new guntried out in storerealized that there were bulletseverywherecried for hours on end because had good gun10/10 would recomment to casuals
,Recommended,311690,24697852,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,RealFuckingNito,>Be me>Complete Tutorial>Get pumped for first run>First floor>Clear most of the floor>Find Boss room>Decide to double check for chests>Find chest>Get a t-shirt cannon>Teleport back to boss room>Enter>mfw it's a buff as hell bird with a mini-gun>Destroy said bird with t-shirt cannon>Get a giant ant as a gun for beating boss>Try it out on next floor>Ant sets things on fire>Forget I can kill myself with fire>Kills self with fire10/10 would burn self again
,Recommended,311690,24562956,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Commandr_,"Pretty good, challenging bullet hell game with procedualy generated dungeons, WOULD recomend."
76561198080642645,Recommended,311690,30828974,Posted: 30 March,all,roomnoxii,"When you finally clear an ending, and the next, and the next, and eventually get the perfect ending...The Gungeon still holds many mysteries."
,Recommended,311690,24623965,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,gevashkar,Great example of twin stick dungeon shooter!
76561198069020706,Recommended,311690,24602656,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,5KuLL_K1D,Gotta say that I instantly became hooked on this game. It makes for a replayable arcade experience with objectives that carry on throughout various gungeon runs. Loving it.
76561198155354255,Recommended,311690,24554548,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Clean Your Shoes,d o p e
76561198133515661,Recommended,311690,25465178,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SQUIDSQUAD,love it
,Recommended,311690,25491541,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Levi the Terrible,"The most difficult, yet fun and fair rogue-like dungeon crawler available.I will boldly say this is better than my experience with Risk of Rain and The Binding of Isaac. There's tons of stuff to do and things to find and the gameplay is fast paced, intuitive and addictive.The classes offered are varied, and difficult all in their own right yet interesting enough that switching between them is a common occurence from playthrough to playthrough.The jokes and dialogue are also quirky and the references are all over the spectrum of modern day culture, action movies, and cult classic status which appeals to a very broad audience. If you've seen a movie, watched a show, or played a game with a gun, there's something here for you to ""get"".But beneath a fun, cutesy dungeon crawler lies a hardcore rogue-like with grit, challenge, and 100 and 1 reasons to replay. I've played a dozen roguelikes, and so far this is my favorite. I bought it on sale but I've rebought it twice more for friends to enjoy and I would gladly pay for it full price again if I had played it prior.10/10"
,Recommended,311690,25491652,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Frygar,"If you like banging your head against a wall untill the wall breaks out of pity I would probably recomend this. It does a good job with the level design and i'm a huge fan of the teleporter, combat is slightly better than your adverage rouge-like but it still feels like it's missing some bits.Flipping tables for cover is a great idea on paper but I kept on banging into the bloody things, and there's no way for the player to shoot from behind cover in a space invaders-esque tacttic; But for some reason enemys can? Dodge rolling could be a bit less clunky but i'll give it credit for giving the player a way to avoid damage.Animations could be a bit smoother but my main problem is the sense of progression. Every run you die is essestially time wasted, in darksouls you might find a new weapon or spell, in FTL you might find a new ship skematic but in Gungeon you don't really get a sense you accomplished anything. There are unlockable chaacters and secret areas but they're spread a bit thin over a fairly large playtime. Sort of the same problem as binding of issac(the first one).Overall it's a good game. Still only get it if it's on sale."
,Recommended,311690,25388981,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,stuarmanha,"This game was a lot of fun for fair a bit of time. However, I just got bored of it and returned to Isaac. I dont get it, I have very little bad to say about the game; it looks awesome, there are tons of weapons and items, characters you meet are interesting, bosses are nice and the game runs well. One of the problems of this genre of games is the RNG, which is exacerbated in Enter the gungeon pretty badly and reflected accordingly on the game longevity. It is absolute pain in the cookie jar to not get a good weapon (or any outside basic one to that matter) before you meet a boss. The levels are rather poorly balanced too, certain levels feel absolute breeze, while others are filled with very annoying monsters and infuriating room designs. Conversely, it is much more reliant on your skill to play the game than Isaac does, which did give me tons of satisfaction after getting through some pesky/dangerous level."
76561198062047891,Recommended,311690,25389679,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Vanta_Vox,Online Multiplayer would be dope. Js. 10/10 Awesome game.
,Recommended,311690,25467507,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,BrobTheRob,I found my frind and I playing for the whole day xD
,Recommended,311690,25315251,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,grady gorham,"the game is fun but you will die all the time, i was not able to get past the first real level at all"
,Recommended,311690,25315352,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,POLYBIUS,Awesome ♥♥♥♥ing Game.Only bad thing is no online multiplayer D;Still ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,311690,25334781,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,IAmTooTired,"So, i was a TBOI player. I recently came across a game called Enter The Gungeon on youtube... im so glad i did. I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who likes dungeon based games or TBOI."
76561198002182968,Recommended,311690,25350770,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Secretly,One of the most addicting games I have ever played.
,Recommended,311690,23706452,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,DarkEmperor,"Why I LOVE This Game!If you like dungeon crawlers, difficult games, bullet hell games, or any rogue-likes, such as Nuclear Throne or The Binding of Isaac, you will LOVE this game just like I do! Don't sit on the fence about ""hmm, I have just enough to buy this game, but is it worth it?"" Well, let me tell you, I tried it out... and now my playtime for it is about... 120 Hours! I was dragged into this wonderfull masterpiece the second I started the tutorial. I hope you will find deep in your heart that buying this game is the right thing to do! Now, I don't want to waste a few minutes writing this, while I could be playingEnter The Gungeon,so, CYA!!"
,Recommended,311690,23701585,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Steinman -,You shoot bullets with bullets nuf said.
76561198079463642,Recommended,311690,23818171,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bink,All it needs is online coop and the game will be even better...
,Recommended,311690,23817204,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LAMBDACHI,"One of the best roguelites out there. It takes the formula of ""The Binding of Isaac"" and makes a bullet hell out of it. Enter the Gungeon is a fun game with TONS of replayability. It's challenging, like any bullet hell should be, but not ""one-slip-up-and-it's-game-over"" challenging (d@!# Japanese). Featuring well-polished gameplay, epic original music, and countless gun puns and references, Enter the Gungeon is a must-have for any gamer's library.11.5/10 - Worth every cent, including sales tax."
,Recommended,311690,23815193,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Welter,Just giving a thumbs up to the game
76561198004200922,Recommended,311690,23764848,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Padewan,"I haven't played the game much further than the opening sequence by this far it is everything I was hoping for and more. It has a bit of Binding of Isaac, a dash of Zelda, a hint of hyperlight, all simmered in a broth of Borderlands-like goodness. So far the only issue I take with the game is a lack of online co-op. Add that and this would be one of the best games ever :)That last line was pretty cheesy but still: 9/10"
,Recommended,311690,23814879,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Daxxe,"I really loved this game, but the lack of mp over the internet killed it for me."
76561198003410999,Recommended,311690,23803004,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,BBQigniter,"a gattling gun and a bird? meh, what can go wrong?"
,Recommended,311690,23786919,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,-=][Red:Fox][=-,"great game, but playing it alone is just sad. I wish if there was a multiplayer option where everyone joins online or through LAN"
76561198070836797,Recommended,311690,23531251,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Pankaikz,ALL OF THE GUN PUNS
76561198075589494,Recommended,311690,23598300,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,GodzillaMonkey #MLG,"My Enter The Gungeon Review | Why I RECOMMEND ItMy experience with Enter the Gungeon (from this poing on shall be referred to as EtG) is mostly positive. Nothing wrong except a few minor glitches that can be easily fixed. The glitches that I have had are the intro not showing correctly and the map disappearing, I easily solved it by either minimizing EtG and opening it again, or setting it to windowed mode and then back to fullscreen.Now lets talk about the Pros and Cons. I'll start with the good of the game first.ProsChallenging (Certain Aspects of this are Good)Fast PacedReplayabilityPixel Art StyleEasy to RunMany Different PickupsNPCSShopsDifferent CharactersUnlockablesConsLocal Co-OpDifficulty (Certain Aspects of this are Bad)Okay, so as you can see, there aren't many cons.I'm not going to go in-depth about all the Pros, but I will talk about some of them.-------------------------------------------------CHALLENGE - Okay, so I said the challenge was good and bad, I find this true because of one little thing. Checkpoints.The checkpoints in EtG are so insanely difficult to get! I'm not the greatest at the game, but I think it was challening for everyone when they had to get the checkpoints. You have to do so many things for it, flawless a boss, get 3 keys and 120 coins, etc. I don't think they needed to do this, the game was already challenging as it is, why not just give the player checkpoints as you go? Or at the very least only make it one thing you have to do for the checkpoint!Besides all of that, I think the games challenge is fine, the enemies can be a bit annoying sometimes, and sometimes they aren't. It really depends on how you play / your skill level.-------------------------------------------------------------------------Local Co-opOkay, so I know implementing online coop into your game is probably a very difficult thing to do, but why even have local if you can't add online multiplayer? I don't think many people would be able to do a match with their bud with Local. Just a minor thing though, I don't mind too much about that.--------------------------------------------------------------------------RequirementsThe game doesn't ask for too much of a PC / Mac. I can't run many games well, but I have NEVER had a single lag issue with EtG. I can set every setting to its max / highest and I won't lag a single bit! If I can run it then anyone with even a below decent PC could run this!--------------------------------------------------------------------------Art StyleI really enjoy the art of this game. You don't see good pixel art in many games, But EtG is a great example of good pixel art, you CAN make your game look good with just a few pixel sprites you know!--------------------------------------------------------------------------Thank you for reading, I hope that I have encouraged you to buy this game, I may not have discussed many things with great detail, but that's because there's really no need to.My Overall Rating: 10/10If you have some money, I definitely say you should buy this. If you don't have enough, save your money up for the game!"
76561198153291891,Recommended,311690,23793607,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Flaminfirechief,One Does Not Simply Flip Tables In Anger
76561198044358389,Recommended,311690,23801948,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Brandon prince,"a more addicting version of risk of rain, top down rouge-like rpg."
,Recommended,311690,30797095,Posted: 28 March,all,Silver Storyteller,"An ant is a gun.A banana is a ""gun""(more like a grenade)The lowercase letter ""r"" is a gun.A beehive is a gun.A balloon is a gun.A camera is a gun.A crown made of bullets... gun.They also have a T-Shirt Gun.Everything is a gun.10/10 just like RWBY"
76561198108820053,Recommended,311690,30783185,Posted: 27 March,all,Something Dumb,Currently my favorite game on the planetI've flipped tables and they explodedI've been saved by a pigI've fired guns from a bulletwhich then fired more bullets at bullets firing bullets at meI've lit entire rooms on firewhich then led to my inevitable albeit crispy deathI've killed a boss with a box full of glitterAnd most of all I've spent way too much time playing this game10/10 would flip exploding tables againplease buy this game and don't complain about the lack of online co-op
,Recommended,311690,23903095,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Famous,"I find that after playing, I've gotten no where in this game. Yet, for some reason even after some hours of playing I find myself coming back and entering the Gungeon to see what it has to throw at me again. One major factor of this game in my opinion is the sound track. The track in this game is wonderful and I could listen to it all day long and would buy the game just for the soundtrack."
,Recommended,311690,24025899,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Architenthis,More guns than you can shake a gun shaped stick at. Fast paced combat and many characters make this one hell of a good time. Get in there and kill your past. 4.5/5
76561198133165103,Recommended,311690,24026068,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ExplodingRat,"This game is great. It's similar enough to Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne enough to attract the fans of the other two games, but different enough to offer a new experience. Not only that, but this is the first time in a while I've played a genuinly challenging game. My one complaint is that you can't play multiplayer over Steam. I feel like this would be a great addition, especially since it's greatly boosted multiplayer before. For instance, in Terraria. With all this in mind, Enter the Gungeon is a great game that offers a bit of challenge, and is another good addition to the roguelike genre."
,Recommended,311690,24027823,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,johnnyskull619,"For a bullet hell style game, suprisingly fun and well made! I loved every aspect of this game, right down to the soundtrack."
,Recommended,311690,24053394,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pancake Mix,"This game is very fun and addictive, and everyone's gone into detail about that.However: I have repeatedly found very frustrating ""softlock"" (stuck and unable to perform any action except quitting the game) bugs, mostly pertaining to one particular game mode. I have taken screenshots with captions of three such instances, and you're welcome to browse them.Very minor spoiler warning for content: The Sorceress's Blessing is a very, very glitchy mode, and I will no longer be using it.  I've been rammed into a wall and softlocked, been killed and softlocked, and (the last straw prompting this review/complaint) spoken to an NPC and softlocked.Due to the highly random nature of any procedural game, the occasional weird quirk glitch is to be expected. But this has been far too consistent, and my patience ran out with that game mode."
,Recommended,311690,30680748,Posted: 22 March,all,Air Raider,Great twin stick shooter. The guns are amazing and fun to shoot. Lots of loot and the co op is solid. The only down side at all is the fact this game is not online for co op. But that being said I still recommend it because the one player experience is still very solid. Tons of secrets fun music and enemies and tight controls.
,Recommended,311690,30662000,Posted: 21 March,all,Really Humble Guy,"Cool game. Highly recommended. If you like rogue-like games like the Binding of Isaac, this should be right up your alley."
76561198150982085,Recommended,311690,30673313,Posted: 22 March,all,Flying Platypussy,Absolutely one of the best Rogue-like. Too fun.
76561197970324876,Recommended,311690,30674782,Posted: 22 March,all,TheButtSatisfier,"Fantastic top-down roguelike bullet hell. Lots of unlocks, more than a few puzzles, and a neat dodge system."
,Recommended,311690,30733685,Posted: 25 March,all,alexski,"One of the best rouge-like games I've ever played. Challenging, fun, and will make you smirk from some corny♥♥♥♥♥jokes."
76561198309885250,Recommended,311690,30734629,Posted: 25 March,all,The Son,cool game
,Recommended,311690,30734688,Posted: 25 March,all,smurfje,SUPER FUN GAME 10/10 WOULD BUY AGAIN
,Recommended,311690,25045474,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Potato My Rainbow,Shoot Bullets with bullets to get better bullets to shoot those bullets with. 11/10 has nothing to do with bullets and/or guns
,Recommended,311690,30845055,Posted: 30 March,all,BangBangBang,16 hours and i finally beat the lead lord...
,Recommended,311690,25254898,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Seven,"A roguelike with solid controls, terrible gun puns, quirky aesthetic, and ridiculous RNG.Punishing difficulty gets married with skillful enemy disposal, and if you have a short temper, this game may not be for you.Memorable (if not sickening) music, particularly when you beat a boss, as it's the one you'll be remembering more.No online co-op, but there's local play at least.9/10, get it if you like punishing yourself for sucking at video games."
,Recommended,311690,30858635,Posted: 31 March,all,Pleinair,"What to expect:Actual challengeFalling down holesGreat boss/enemy designs (sprite and pattern-wise)Interesting and deep-ish item mechanics (Can steal, can force gun as item, etc.)Lots of great gunsEnjoying said gunsNever seeing said guns ever againWhat NOT to expect:Memorable musicGetting railgun more than once in a single lifetimeYou being good at this gameAll in all a great roguelike where your fate is not quite solely at the mercy of the RNG. The enormous pool of items and the rarity of certain items/chests would keep you entertained for probably ~100 hours or maybe even more."
,Recommended,311690,25260066,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Ghostie,pretty great game and easily a time eater
,Recommended,311690,25295661,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,great game the secret levels get really frustrating though
76561198006470550,Recommended,311690,25247979,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Caderyn,"Wins the prize for catchiest intro / credits music EVERDifficult, fun, cheats like hell! XD love itMoar puns than you could possibly imagine possible, we are entering the black hole alternate dimention of extreme PUNishmentEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen~ter the PUN~geon. ♪"
76561198172720290,Recommended,311690,25715911,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,tosostrongbow,"This game is amazing.the graphics are better than isaac and thronegameplay is veryed between each of the 6 charactersIt's damm hard but i killed the past 4 all charcters and got 2 lich but didn't kill him.floors are veryed and the flawlass boss system helps encourge being the best doger.This is my secound most played game and is a great bullet hell shooter, Just remember if you want to win you gotta git gud8/10 (toso)"
76561198061395700,Recommended,311690,25629698,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Naju34,"Better, harder, and bulletheller than TBOIIt has a lot of what you would expect from a modern roguelike. Procedural generation combined with challenging fast-paced combat.If you're like me (I suck) you will have spent over 90hrs in the game and have had over 220 runs before beating the ""final"" boss (not really final). The game may seem very difficult and punishing at the beginning, but all that you really need is constant practice, and the mastery of the dodge-rolling mechanic.also if you're like me you may be a masochist ♥♥♥♥ that enjoys playing this kind of♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,311690,30908017,Posted: 2 April,all,Ghostlyy,"Super fun game!Core gameplay is an absolute treat of shooting and dodging, classic bullet hell goodness, but with the added resource management of a dungeon crawler - manage health, shells (money), keys, blanks (screen-clearing bombs) and of course, ammo.One of the most important parts is that it offers enough variation per play, and enough room for improvement, that it becomes rewarding to keep going back in for another run.Character variation is minor but meaningful, and every boss and enemy is designed wonderfully. There are SO many guns in the game it's actually pretty silly, and you'll rapidly learn which ones you love using, and you'll feel excited when you find a new one.The game has one major problem, in my opinion, in that starting from the start is kind of boring, but dropping straight into the later stuff is annoying because you need the time in the first levels to build up an arsenal - without that, you're underpowered and rely on low damage weapons which take longer to kill things.The art style is pretty good, even if the execution leaves a little to be desired - the theming of the Gungeon as entirely based on guns/bullets is really cool to look at.The music is mostly forgettable but serves its purpose. I haven't played it in maybe a week as of writing this and I can't remember a single track. Sound effects across the board are excellent, however.The comedic style of everything being a gun or bullet, and the thematic consistency with melee weapons being cursed/frowned upon is excellent.I have less to say about the game than I thought I would, given how much I love it. I know I would 100% recommend it to anyone who is fond of bullet hell style gameplay.I'm excited to see what Dodge Roll does next - that's if they stop supporting Enter the Gungeon anytime soon."
,Recommended,311690,25357126,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mabz-,"Amazing game! A lot more for the price you pay! A lot of content, replayability and humor. TOTALY WORTH IT!"
,Not Recommended,311690,26640864,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Turkish Massage Owl,"Some fun beyond the tedium.Let's get this out of the way first; this game ishard. Bloodborne isn't as tough as this game. Rogue legacy is a cakewalk compared to this game. I've played otherrealbullet hell games that aren't as punishing as this. That's not always a detractor, but because of other elements of this game; it is.The fun part of this game is using the fun and interesting weapons you acquire along the way. Too bad those guns are rare (0-3 per level), ammo, health, armor, and key drops are all outrageously punishingly scarce, and at no point will you feel overpowered using anything in the early game. This basically becomes a recipe for disaster. You must repeat the beginning sections of the game for long periods of time, with uninteresting or no fun guns or powerups, and there's no option for character-specific progression.Thefun gunsidea is a bit lacking as well. I can't even count the number of times I've gotten a select few weapons, and haven't even seen some of the others on the wiki. You also have to beat bosses, and then spend tokens from the bosses to unlockthe slightest chanceof seeing some of the items. It just becomes a massive unfun grind.A good comparison might be binding of Isaac. In that game, the powerups candrasticallychange the way your character plays, progresses, scales, or even change the nature of your run-end goal. This game has less diversity, less fun, and a steeper learning curve with no real chance for nuance or character-scaling power to help those crushed under its difficulty curve.I enjoyed it for a time, but there are other games out there that do this format more justice. Buy Nuclear Throne, Rogue Legacy, and Binding of Isaac before getting this game."
,Recommended,311690,26711835,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Odin,"Quite the challenging game and it will keep you busy for a while. Loved the art style and the music aswell.It isn't an easy game, so don't be discouraged if you can't beat the game in less then 50 tries."
76561198019131066,Recommended,311690,26870524,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Skanoodles,Great♥♥♥♥♥game!
,Recommended,311690,26869249,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shy_Wolf,Best time machine ever
,Recommended,311690,26868976,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kerfuffle,"Awesome, but hard game!"
76561198094582323,Recommended,311690,26870040,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Scerion,"This game is just beutiful. I love the ""retro"" art style  and fun level design. I also feel that it is a perfect nomination for the “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award"
76561198099419045,Recommended,311690,26871180,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RulyToast3,Good game a little hard at first but fun
,Recommended,311690,26896953,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Let's Get Healthy Now!,Can play as a bullet shooting bullets killing other bullets.10/10 would bullet again
76561198070542281,Recommended,311690,26906707,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kaiaru,"In the Time that I've played this game, I've died more times from me just being stupid than any bug or glitch.... now that I think about it.... I'm actually just bad at this game :|11/10 would accidentally dodge roll into a bullet again"
76561198040558810,Recommended,311690,26904809,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheDreadGazebo,You can get an adorable Space Turtle to ne your friend. Nuff said
76561198021079811,Recommended,311690,26905295,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AWESOMEO,"Addictive, amazing game."
76561198028828749,Recommended,311690,23381109,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ashes to Ashes,"Great game, like Binding of Isaac but better and with guns."
,Recommended,311690,23376625,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Socksism,"Great rogue-like dungeon crawler. I enjoy the brutality and mild frustration that comes with entering the Gungeon.In a time where unlockables are redressed as DLC in most games, Enter the Gungeon embraces the old ways and let's you unlock awesome and amusing weapons through actions in the game.The only real downside is the local only co-op."
,Recommended,311690,23401660,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,DJ Mercy,Been playing 3 hour didnt even pass the first floor. 10/10
,Recommended,311690,23411900,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,GOOBER,"My personal favourite rogue-like.Fast paced, combining quick thinking and good aim. The best of the top-down shooter and bullet hell genres combined into a brutally difficult game.Insanely difficult to master, but never unfair. I always feel like I died for a reason, or because I messed up.Would recommend."
,Recommended,311690,23254272,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Sushi Monster,Shooting bullets with bullets. 10/10
76561198179017999,Recommended,311690,23374637,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,55744gaming,Do you like hotline miami? Yeeeees?Do you like Titan Souls? Yeeeeees?Do you like literally anthing by devolver digital? Yeeeeees?Then buy this you cheap frick.
76561198252673078,Recommended,311690,23392347,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,gay lmoa,"Did not like it at first, got addicted, got a refund. Bought it again, Love this game. Think they should add online multiplayer and not just COOP with the cpu."
,Recommended,311690,23385472,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Your Average White Boi,HARDEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME IN THE HISTORY OF MANKIND! but its fun
,Recommended,311690,23390934,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,im tired of suoivuaq anything,would play
76561198109873421,Recommended,311690,23442835,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Arti,Just Perfect...
76561198137214644,Recommended,311690,23462663,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ProteinShake,"After playing hours of Nuclear Throne and The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, I decided to buy this game. Although it is almost entirely different than either of those games, Enter the Gungeon is still a perfect rogue-like bullet-hell top down shooter for those who want a challenge.Pros:Awesome pixel graphics and an interactive environment full of plants and books that block your bullets from hitting anythingInteresting table flipping mechanicStarting weapons dont run out of ammo, and have around the same damage as later game weaponsUnique enemies like Lead Maidens, grenades that chase after you, and books that shoot like 70 bullets in your general direction at onceA whole lot of awesome guns, and even more mediocre ones that you tend to find in every chestMostly luck based, so you can enjoy the soul crushing difficulty of this game at any skill levelDodgerolling mechanic so you can dodge an enemy bullet only to find yourself rolling into another oneLack of many random ammo drops helps you realize that you might have to save your new gun for the boss fight and stick to the starter oneHilarious, Wacky NPC's that rarely show up after you rescue them, giving you that wonderful feeling of suspense on whether you are going to find that gun you paid for any time soonCons:May be too addicting, take caution before you spend the majority of your weekend in the gungeonrate 9/10, would dodgeroll into a spiked hole again"
,Recommended,311690,23461891,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Baphnedia,Enter the Gungeon has very good game feel.  :)
,Recommended,311690,23462140,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Painite,"If you're like me, and have never played this type of Bullet-Hell game before, and bought it because it simply looked cool, and are used to being able to save progress as you go along.You are wrong.You are very, very wrong.You cannot save. RIP.Otherwise, I love it, it's fantastic, and challenging, I just wish you could save your progress each level. But like i said, I'm new to this type of game. maybe that's something all games like this have."
76561198136295559,Recommended,311690,25591866,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,JWardle,Very simple consept.Very good art style.
76561198029376746,Recommended,311690,25596512,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,LeeLooLeeLah,"Found an air compression tank on one of my earliset runs.Thinking it might be good I save it for the boss.A few minutes later and I'm there using up all my opther guns' ammo on the Gorgun.She's still alive.F**k.But then I remember the tank.Immediately switched to it and fired.I see a....shark fin swimming across the floor?It finally reaches her.Then it happened.Giant f***ing Jaws M*********er comes out of the ground chomps down on her smug face and kills her.Even better was that there was a glitch with this gun and when she was going through her dying animation Jaws came back but there were like a hundred of him and they all in perfect sync chomped the ever loving s**t out of her remains.If you can get past the learning curve then it will be these ""Oh WOW"" moments that happen every now and then that make you stay with the game.Now buy this game and join your fellow gungeoneers!"
,Recommended,311690,22728556,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,jail,do you like nuclear throne?do you like guns?do you like dungeons?then youll love skyri-enter the gungeon. buy it.
76561198043673970,Recommended,311690,26093986,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,UUU,"One of the most addicting games I have ever played, If you like getting killed repeatedly for hours on end this is the game for you, Just as you learn something, something new pops up that you die to... have Fun i love it 10/10 would buy again"
76561198037661751,Recommended,311690,26095178,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,TheDojosnake,"This is an amazing roguelike.I've beaten each person's past and theBullet Hell secret level, including its boss.The game feels amazing: the controls are tight, the weapons feel balanced (for the most part... theSingularityactive item will let you ace most bosses if you're careful... But even with that you can make a mistake, jump the *ahem* gun, and screw it all up.You can buy new weapon spawn types with credits you've found on runs, or simply unlock them by doing certain crazy things. This way your runs feel slightly different each time you play, and you'll keep on wanting to see what the next crazy gun will do...If you like Nuclear Throne, you'll more than likely love this game!"
,Recommended,311690,24239666,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Shitposting Slut,"TL;DR - Just buy it ya nerd.From what I've seen, I've barely scratched the surface.Unfortunately that's not entirely my fault, this game lacks efficient co-op, even local has some issues, and lately I haven'tbeen playing many singelplayer games.There are a lot of pros to this game despite that, such as;-The game looks GORGEOUS, for a pixel graphics style it has a lot of detail and charm in every character and animation,and even just random pieces of scenery. They really did a phenominal job on the visuals alone.-The sound design is great, every action from simply shooting your gun, down to the smallest details, like the clicks of your reload, and weighted thud of flipping a table. Every sound adds to that draw of action, and that's not even mentioning thesoundtrack, which I don't think I need to tell you is on point.-A good cast of characters with diverse enough starting equipment to make each style unique,but not making any seem overpowered.-A LOT of guns, I mean it's no Borderlands (but they kinda cheated)-A whole bunch of side/unlockable content-Clear enemy designs, while staying relatively in their theme the DodgeRoll team seems to have made each enemy standout, which is nice considering it makes memorizing attack patterns a little less of a hassle.-Co-op, this is kind of up in the air, but just having co-op in a game like this is always appreciated.-The bosses are unique and fun, each has it's own pun, there's even a *GorGUN* (I'm not apologizing)-Each level while randomly generated feels like it has a sense of predesign, which is the mark of a good randomizer.Now with that said, that doesn't mean it's perfect, severals cons as well,-Sound has an abrupt cutoff to ambient sound and low music, (and the sound of whatever you do in that time) after youclear a room. This is nice introspective time after a boss, but momentum-wise? It feels like climbing gears on a straightaway, just to drop back down to make a turn. Exciting in the moment but quickly fades when the action is said and done.-Controller players need a reticule, I play keyboard but Co-op allows for controller and, Keyboard and mouse. Making itso that only one player has a crosshair, just make a crosshair color customizer to distinguish them from one another,and boom your golden.-Co-op is local only, making it a little frustrating that this is technically a niche genre(Seriously, I would LOVE online multiplayer, if you guys could figure that out we could make a deal maybe you get agold star or something nice? Just floating an idea, you do you guys.)-Co-op is also restricted in a very strange way, I can understand it for balancing purposes, but no one actively WANTSto play the designated co-op character, I can think of a few ways to impliment a better co-op system but I'm not gonnatell these guys how to do their job.-While there are A LOT of guns, and they are unique and fun. Getting a good one is ESSENTIAL and I don't mean ingeneral I mean first floor. The bosses are pretty ruthless and along with a quick wit, you're also going to need a goodgun to make sure you finish those fights ASAP, one mistake can cost you a run, and being a Rouge-Like it's notforgiving on death.-The hidden content in many cases is pretty ridiculous, really funny to look back on after having found it, but in themoment? Kinda frustrating.Overall if you like Rouge-Like games, guns, more guns, guns that are also swords, guns that aren't even guns, and aren'tturned off by gruelling difficulty. I whole heartedly recommend Enter the Gungeon. Just be willing to wait on that online mode, they don't seem to be willing to budge any time soon."
76561198007991957,Recommended,311690,24250010,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mortaven,"Not usually one for blasphemy but...This replaced Binding of Isaac for me.More active skill and speed due to the full 360 aim and dodging, Lengthy, varied tiers of unlockables outside of the runs in a central hub full of interesting characters.  And despite being a new roguelite, it has a pretty large amount of items/weapons with interesting varying effects and references.Additionally, the unexpected bits of story and combat setup marking each character's true ending, were actually very impressive and surprising.Only downsides I'd say is: Only local co-op.  Cultist guy set aside only for co-op.  And I'd love it if there were more unlockable characters (And if they had some story as well.)"
76561198078351354,Recommended,311690,24719155,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,thepatman360,"bought this game,Played it,Hated it,Returned it,Played some other games,Used my steam refund to buy this game again,Loved it,8/10Only problem is there some bugs with co-op"
,Recommended,311690,30834449,Posted: 30 March,all,PuFF,"ETG is a really great game if you are willing to put in the time (~30 hours) to get destroyed by bosses until you find yourself become better at the game. It's discouraging at the beginning when you can't even killed the first boss. However it becomes much more rewarding, fun and adrenaline rushing after you can reliably reach the 3/4 floor. After 75hours of gameplay I can reach the final floor 80% of the time. I've already killed 2 of the characters past and yet to encounter the secret boss, it's still a long way to go.TL;DR: Game is hard but if you put in the time to practise it's super fun.If you're REALLY bad at bullet hell I would not recommand it though.If you think the game is too hard you can install mods to make it easier and just play around with different weapons.Many weapons are unique and fun to play with."
76561198138792102,Recommended,311690,23261225,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Hellion,"The gameplay of Nuclear Throne, with the level design of The Binding of Isaac, and the difficulty of Dark Souls.Crazy fun, but DON'T underestimate the difficulty."
,Recommended,311690,23316455,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,PotionMan,"It is a fairly challenging and fast paced twin stick shooter. The gameplay style feels very much like old-school type games, where when you die, you have to start over. I think the nice thing is that the dungeon rooms are pulled from a vast selection and are randomly interleaved together. Plus the amount of guns and items there are in the game, and the randomization of what boss you're going to receive on each floor makes for a fairly unique experience all around. The completionists will have tons to do as this game has many hidden secrets and intricate details. The game also features couch-co op but no online play and supports at a max of two players. Personally I would rather have couch co-co op then online capabilities but that's more preference then anything. If you are an individual who enjoys puns you will love this game and it's absolutely rediculous library of gun and firearm related puns. I thought myself to be rather punny but after playing this game I have found that I was indeed incorrect.SUMMARY:Good challenging game worth the price and is probably one of the better twin stick shooter bullet hell games out there. Very humorous and full of puns."
,Recommended,311690,23317384,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,egg,"I still remember the pain that was burned into my mind when I finally defeated the Beholster after a long fight (I was having a crappy run) and then one of the crying beadies killed me. This event has made me seek out every single beadie I find and kill it. This game is so rewarding, yet so ruthless. I always come back to this game eventually, even after that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ beadie incident. I would definitely reccomend this game, but only to those who are looking for a challenge."
,Recommended,311690,23339127,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,fucl,It's pretty good once you aren't♥♥♥♥♥♥at it.
,Recommended,311690,23331445,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,A Jojo Reference,When I bought this game I tought it\'s going to be like the binding of isaac and I was right but in enter the gungeon there is even better and worst thing than the binding of isaac.PROS:-the art style sometimes cute sometimes scary but those to fit perfectly-dodging is a very good mechanic a game mechanic like this and it is well balanaced-there are lots of guns and they give the game a replayt value-this game is addictive. you always want to start a new run.CONS:-this game is difficult af. how hard you try to get a good gun it does not matter game is not rewarding you enough
76561198291641122,Recommended,311690,23320618,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Thecobrakiller,"Definitely is what it sounds like, best dungeon game I\'ve played for awhile."
76561198081398357,Recommended,311690,23320093,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Storm,bullets shooting more bullets to kill bullets with bullets to get a gun that shoots a bullet.
76561198273757765,Recommended,311690,23281090,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Diamond Star,"I killed the first boss with a banana.If that doesn't make you want to buy this game, I don't know what will."
,Recommended,311690,23283388,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,TechnoPhoenix,"Enter the Gungeon is, in my opinion, worth every dollar it costs. This game has many pros and some cons, but in the end, I feel like it's very well executed and looks really good visually. The sheer amount of unique weapons, enemies, and items is fantastic for people looking for new items and new experiences. And fortunately, they never seem to grow old or get too cliche, with different guns doing different things, items having a slew of neat effects, and enemies attacking in a variety of ways. The only problem with them is that a lot of the items and guns are fairly useless, and a few of the enemies are really difficult, like Lead Maidens and Spogres, which are only easily defeated with the right gun in the right way.The characters and NPCs are really unique, with their personalities being well established and each one having a certain purpose, whether in the actual Gungeon or in the main area, the Breach. And the bosses, while brutally difficult compared to the rest of the enemies in the Gungeon, are easy to learn how to defeat. The countless secrets will also provide with even more challenges than you already get from the main gameplay.Some problems with the game, however, are the aforementioned useless items and guns and some of the brutally difficult basic enemies. There are some rooms where you get, like, four of the most basic enemy, and you go into the next room and it's literally Hell on Earth. On top of constantly changing difficulty, money can be extremely hard to come across or you can get an extreme abundance. There's almost no in between. But even with the most money you can possibly get, you could still have nothing good at all, as the Shopkeep can often have literally nothing you need, or just nothing good at all.In the end, the game is really well made, looks really good, and has literally hours upon HOURS of fun, but somewhat difficult and luck based, gameplay.iz gud gaem 7/10"
76561197989707295,Recommended,311690,23212188,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Pikerzoli,"Enter the gungeon is a good game at it's heart but I feel it lacks any progression when you restart and it will put off many a causal gamer because of it. The game is quite hard yes and there's loads of weapons to unlock but the game is way too RNG on a run for me. I've read many reviews of this game and many 'hardcore elitist"" say you need to ""git good"" at the game. I agree to a point however when you're running the same level over and over again with the std rubbish first weapon, I can see why many have asked for a refund. I have only got to level 4 boss once and that's because I had two superb weapons and it was nothing to do with my skill. The game needs changing for it be to be a classic. The std weapon you have at the start needs some sort of leveling up system or you can choose a better gun (I don't mean the poweful weapons either) at the start once you unlock it. It needs a Rogue Legacy type start menu, any money you have left when you died, you can spend on things to make the next run slightly more easier on you but not much and then over time you will get pass whatever boss or level you're finding tough. The shop needs to be sorted. It can have no keys, hearts or ammo when you need them the most!. Everytime you get to the shop he should sell keys, hearts and ammo!. Plus he sells items that on the bottom floors you have no chance of buying cause money is tight in the game. The game needs auto reload badly. Another thing which annoys me is you can be in a shoot down and all of a sudden a bullet from above you can hit you as you're walking close to the screen edge, there's no indicator or map to let you know a bullet or enemies is above you. The game has great controls, sound and I like 90's SNES graphics, they suit the game perfectly.  I will be trying to get to level 5 and finish it with all four characters however clearing level one and two is starting to bore me a little. There's plently to like and dislike IMO. I'd give the game a soild 7.5 out of 10."
76561198018455814,Recommended,311690,22654725,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,charliebrownlife,"How can a game be so cool, yet so boring?I feel like they missed the mark just a little bit.  The art style and the feel of the game are so cool - you get a real sense of the universe the game is set in.  The puns are great.  The guns are (mostly) great.  The controls are great.  However, everything else about the game works to prevent you from playing it.The items and guns are cool, but they're often locked in chests and key drops are sparse.  You may be lucky enough to get a good gun to use, but then you have to choose between using it to clear rooms (each enemy takes 3 or more hits from your default weapon and even some of the special guns, and most rooms spawn two or more waves of enemies) or saving it for the boss - and it's a false choice, because fighting the boss with your default weapon is a tedious slog.I keep finding myself wanting to play the game because it's just so cool - the controls are tight, the music is great, it's so nice to look at, and it just feels good to dodgeroll around and blast the bad guys, but then I end up once again getting through the first floor with no gun drop (or worse, a gun that is somehow weaker than my starting weapon) and having to face the chore of pumping 200 shots into the boss with my weak default gun, and I turn off the game.  I'd estimate about 1/3 of my runs end in me turning off the game because I'm bored rather than me dying.  Don't get me wrong - the game is hard and that's part of it's charm, but difficulty can be overcome with practice.  There's nothing you can do to overcome tedium.They nailed everything except the balance of the game.  I'd give it a pass for a few months to a year at least, to give them time to make the game more user-friendly - increasing item drops, reducing enemy HP across the board, and making guns and ammo more plentiful.Update 5/29/16:  I've changed my rating:  A recent patch addressed a bug that greatly reduced the amount of ammo drops.  This means that when you are lucky enough to get a gun that is better than your starter, the game opens up.  Some of my complaints still stand - the regular enemies have too much HP, for example, and it only goes up as you go deeper - but the fact that it is possible to get better guns and it's possible to actually use them makes the game a lot more enjoyable.  The game is cool enough that even though the start can be a slog, I find myself drawn back to it - that's enough to make me change my rating."
,Recommended,311690,23223159,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Alfyne,"Another phenomenal master piece by Devolver whom worked on Hotline Miami, Hotline Miami 2, Broforce and Shadow Warrior. A very fell put together game. Enter The Gungeon is a rogue like retro bullet hell, and one of the best more interesting bullet hell's out there. I highly recommend this to anyone that enjoyed hotline miami or any bullet hell."
,Not Recommended,311690,23212046,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ZombieSlayerAC,its either i just have bad luck or this game has some sort of noob crusher system because my first three runs all had the same mini boss (refering to the guy with the sword) and in fact in one room had two of them at the same time and i wasnt even able to get to the third room because of this
,Recommended,311690,24945979,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,sealedinterface,"Tough as nails with procedural chaosI'll start off by saying this game ishard. It's really earned the term ""Nintendo Difficult"" (referencing the difficulty of old-school NES games). If you hate tough games, stay away from Enter the Gungeon. There's no respawning either, so you have to think about your games differently. You're not doing a playthrough, you're doing a run. One attempt. Think of it like you're sticking in a coin at an old-school arcade game. Don't even bother hoping to beat it, just hope to beat your previous record and achieve a personal ""high score"". That's how tough this game is.With that out of the way, I'll say that this game is a blast (pun not intended). Each room is a challenge not to lose health, because you know you'll need all the health you can keep for the next boss battle, and you know that free health is scarce. Every second of combat is an intense battle for survival. I can only play this game for a few hours at a time before my mind explodes. At any given second, there are between 5 and 500 bullets on-screen (including the ammunition-themed enemies), each of which will cost you more health than you can afford to lose.The combat mechanics are simple but challenging, and the controls are tight and responsive. Every bullet you take is your own fault, and the game makes you well aware of it. While for the most part, careful movement can keep you alive, sometimes you'll need to dodge roll in just the right direction. Keep in mind that only your gun can kill your enemies and give you a chance to collect yourself, and every second spent fighting is another second you risk getting hurt. There are consumable action items that come in handy, most of which are very specialized. If you have a chance to use them effectively, go for it, because you might find something even better. Most weapons have limited ammo, which does become tricky to deal with since new weapons are few and far between. Instead, you'll need to make the most of what you have, and take what you can get.This game takes the roguelike, bullet hell, twin-stick shooter concept and perfects it. It's not for everyone, but if you're up to the challenge, go ahead and Enter the Gungeon."
76561198096870948,Recommended,311690,24915464,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,GiraffeDawg,"I picked this game up a few weeks ago and have thoroughly enjoyed it. Rarely do I find RNG or sick items/guns carrying my runs, instead, it comes down to the skill of the player. I've clocked over 27 hours on the game and I feel like I still have much more to learn and master."
76561198193924781,Recommended,311690,24944624,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,the true fool,fun fast paced keep you guessing and in a panic
76561198154845634,Recommended,311690,25081760,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,CcForge,"I love this game, there has never been a game that makes my chuck my controller but come back anyways over and over. This will always be a game I love to hate and hate to love, I will be playing this game for a very long time.Only adjustment I would make is adding an online multiplayer.You love running through hell, exploring, guns, dying then rage quiting ""saying you'll never come back"", just to turn around and play it anyways this is your game.;) Happy Gunning!"
76561198122723240,Recommended,311690,26220448,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,firecat4000,most epic game evar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,311690,27992345,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,chaotickng,my guns shoot more guns. what more could i want.
76561198093037896,Recommended,311690,27987656,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Adelais,i never have any idea what is going on....I LOVE IT
,Recommended,311690,27987267,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TA5TEY,"Amazing fast-pased combat, unique and beautiful game design, tons and tons of well crafted guns and items, rad enemies and rough bosses. If you want to play a mix of Dark Souls and Hotline Miami, and you think that are up to the challenge of the brutal Gungeon, then definetly give this a go, you will not be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,311690,27949046,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,spoopy skeliton,pew pew
76561198135655723,Recommended,311690,27993325,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Amgam,It's pretty fun.
,Recommended,311690,27997052,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,『Russhole』,One of the best games for silly puns and humor all wrapped into an entirely bullet themed adventure. I really enjoy this game!
,Recommended,311690,27999714,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BigBarrick,"214 hours later, I've run out of unlocks.  Now I have to wait for the update for a new goal in the game.  What to do now....Another run won't hurt I suppose."
,Recommended,311690,27999943,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WillDaBeast,Very good and challenging twin stick top down shooter. Massive replay value and keeps being updated.
76561197999480889,Recommended,311690,27876283,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Senor Cardgage,"This game is fantastic. However it needs a bit of an open mind for someone going in. It can be very difficult and there are some quibbles with the systems in place, especially the Ammo system, you need some perseverance to understand the ins and outs of how everything works. When you get the skills and knowledge it really comes together and has huge amounts of fun, replay value and variety."
76561198154086286,Recommended,311690,27876404,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,nsrea,"It seems like a simple point and shoot game, but there are so many different mechanics that have to be taken into account. Really easy to lose a few hours to this game."
76561198113602767,Recommended,311690,26895317,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,swizzle78,"Gotta say, this game is pretty dank."
76561198123071221,Recommended,311690,26905392,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pickproductions,A seemingly endless amount of content. So good.
76561198080492185,Recommended,311690,26905800,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sol Courage,I have not had this game for long but I am hooked on it. Something about the gameplay and the humor it has that just keeps me going long past when I should stop. It just keeps me wanting to do not only better but just to unlock stuff to read what it has to say.
,Recommended,311690,26919904,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grabnarr,Super fun
,Recommended,311690,26917669,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nl_demo,"This was my game of the year.My only complaint is that you can accomplish all the ""skill"" related tasks in the game and there can still be ""grind"" related items to unlock. This happened to me and it's unfortunate because I'd love to see every single gun and item in the gungeon, but I simply don't want to invest another 20-40 hours to unlock and run into them when I've already done everything else there is to do."
76561198095041307,Recommended,311690,22654462,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,LIMUS,10 out of 10 would flip tables again
76561198055058459,Recommended,311690,22574905,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,SnakyXP,"Best word to describe this game is GREAT. Puns, references, skill-based, every death is your fault.....it hurts just the right way even when you die with an amazing run."
,Recommended,311690,22579893,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Noon High It's,The binding of Isaac + Nuclear throne = this absolute masterpiece
76561198089352075,Recommended,311690,22625064,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,jbruckman86,"1 Full hour played and I would have to give this a solid 8 out of 10.Simple pick up and play combat that is easy to learn, but with bosses that demand 100% of your ability it is like crack. Brings you back after every death wanting more. At this point in there really is no great deapth of story, but I didn't expect that from this game. They definately hit the mark and delivered on what this game is meant to be.Great pick up and value at $14.99 and would recommend to anybody that likes a mix of zelda and geometry wars."
,Recommended,311690,22623202,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Hexagonal Crank,It's fun but horribly unbalanced. Needs a good years worth of tiny updates before it can think of challenging games like The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth.
76561198050031957,Recommended,311690,22623253,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,FeatheredIcarus,"Super fun, responsive controls, great spritework and addicting gameplay. Not sure why they recommend a controller, i've found that a mouse and keyboard gives you much more precise aim. My one real issue, which isn't as much of an issue, is that the passives don't affect the spritework as muh as i'd like, and the marine is the only character who's sprite changes with armor."
,Recommended,311690,22624407,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,bolognasebarry24,"*finds gun that shoots pine cones that explode* ""k""10/10"
,Recommended,311690,22624480,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,RedH00d,"What do you get when you mix Nuclear Throne, The Binding of Isaac and bad gun puns? ENTER THE GUNGEON!"
76561198101477281,Recommended,311690,27471068,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tedward,Just really good
76561198025047456,Recommended,311690,27568762,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jhaeli,"If I had to sum up this insane game in one word, it would be ""gunception""!"
,Recommended,311690,27568943,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Toastman,It's basically The Binding of Isaac meets Nuclear Throne. Expect to waste a good 100+ hours if you buy.
,Recommended,311690,27564560,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mike_Trekker,well this is going to be short and sweet this game is to awesome for me to go into a fair bit of replay ability and an upcoming dlc to give it even more content ontop of its already fully loaded barrel would 100% recomend
76561197993945994,Recommended,311690,27562547,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,"Oh fuck, a bear","i never enjoyed games like this at all but i thought i would give this one a go since all my friends were getting into it , i picke it up and now i play it x100 more than my friends that convinced me to buy it , its amazing and hard i love it !!!!"
,Recommended,311690,27577657,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gforce249,I loved this game. I put a lot of time and effort in order to complete the gungeon. This was all in all a good experience and one of the better bullet hells that i have played
,Recommended,311690,27396849,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HoopsScoops,Super fun time sink
76561197993296490,Recommended,311690,27295030,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Endlessfeed,"This is an amazing game with so many references to guns from different movies and games, anytime I'm bored and can't think of a game to play this becomes my go to"
,Recommended,311690,27303562,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rekenber,A surprising and really fun game
,Recommended,311690,27302507,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Il Mufficida,Unbelievably addictive. The game mechanics are spot on and the lore is absolutely brilliant. Tons of hidden content make the game replayable for hundreds of times
76561197970783060,Recommended,311690,27293527,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xoraxoganom,The best masochistic game on Steam.Frustrating but rewarding.
,Recommended,311690,27301309,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SOMEZOMBIES,"you can get a sniper rifle that turns people into chickens, 10/10"
,Recommended,311690,27299159,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kurtucus,Fun bullet hell rouge-like.
76561198041402537,Recommended,311690,27316448,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OrangBoy,This game is wonderful. The developers put a ton of time into making this game just right. the amount of items and guns is overkill (and i love that). definitely worth your buy.
,Recommended,311690,27582479,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spencer,"I am a simple masochist.I see difficult rogue-likes, I buy.Seriously though, if you enjoy bullet hell, you'll definitely love this too."
,Recommended,311690,27582979,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sharkie,i love this game...
76561198149464192,Recommended,311690,24579265,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,unihorseicorn,best to play with a friend
,Recommended,311690,24546769,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,PhelpsBong,"Bought this on a whim, did not expect to love it as much as I do.Animation, sound, and ""feel"" are all wonderful. Enemies range from cute and bumbling to terrifying (but still cute). Difficult but fair (most of the time). If you like roguelikes, its worth the $ 15 easily."
76561198303849226,Recommended,311690,24514516,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,ThatIsANecc,For the first few hours:> Runs around shooting stuff>finds gud weapon>Dies a few rooms later>repeat several times100/10 would die again
,Recommended,311690,24533418,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,"Alex, The AI","Its a lot more random and bullet helly than the binding of isaac.There isn't much characters, but the amount of guns makes up for it.You can kill giant bosses with a t-shirt cannon (true story)"
76561198153952786,Recommended,311690,24470870,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,I Only Use The Scout,A mix of skill and repition is required to have fun but after the 7 hour mark and when u get a little involved in the community this game can be a great way to pass the time. also ♥♥♥♥ gattling gull
,Recommended,311690,24503821,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Gankster,"Presentation, style and graphic quality is top notch. The design of bosses, guns, and artwork is amazing as it starts piling up.Some of the gimmick bosses(Metal Gear Solid Tank, Snake Snake, etc) are really well implemented.The actual gameplay has several issues, and itsn't that great.Its essentially a bullet hull, but the core problem is endurance. It takes forever to kill anything. And iframe rolling sorta hurts the design a lot.The progression system is sorta nice, but it doesn't pan out at all. There is many points where it could be stream lined a lot.Also before patch 1.07, there was no guarantee any keys would ever drop or be in shop(per floor), because of dev oversight. Still a great game, highly recomend."
,Recommended,311690,24504066,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SameulS,"So Enter the Gungeon... it is like Isaac with guns and teh abylity to dodge bullets. The game IS GODDAMN HARD (much like Isaac) but I like the art style and owerall.The soundtrack is beautifull. The story is great. Game is realy bullet helly and it has a lot of weapons and items.This game is that kinda game you just keep playing over and over again, so I do recoment it."
76561198245501184,Recommended,311690,24675214,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,lCrossedOutl,"guns, guns, and more guns. include rolling and a bullet hell thats difficult as heck and you get this.its extremely fun once you understand how things work, and has a good coop for a bud to jump in too.first gun only runs for days xD"
76561197986515638,Recommended,311690,24675170,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ODB[POE],"This is one of my favorite games of all time, and I've played a lot of games.  This game is clever, difficult, and extremely well designed."
76561198049008496,Recommended,311690,24671601,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sir Overseer,"Enter the gungeon is one of the most addictive and fun rogue-like(lite) games i have ever played. For people who like the gun theme and are into games like The Binding of Isaac, this is a must own. 9/10"
76561198117991229,Recommended,311690,24665278,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Avarickan,"This is one of those games that I am not very good at, but I really want to be.It stays interesting even if you can't get past the first level. You're always improving, and its the kind of game that lets you feel epic when you get it right. As I said I'm not very good at it, but its still fun, and the runs are quick enough that its really easy to keep going ""Just one more run."" Its not the kind of game I play a ton of in short amount of time, but its well done, and its made it's way onto my list of games that are just fun to play."
,Recommended,311690,24002183,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Lunar Oreo,"Ya-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta ya-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta do-de-da-da-da-da-dada! Kaboom! Kaboom!Seriously, this game is awesome. If you like Binding of Isaac-style roguelikes, you'll love this."
76561198060392304,Recommended,311690,24035612,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Haji Philayvanh,"I bought this game Today, on the Summer Steam Sale and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it is the most fun'est game i've played in a long time. it's like im 8 years old again at the laundrymat putting quarters into the old arcade machine. This is really great. Totally addicted to it."
,Recommended,311690,24035910,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CrazyNinja,"In this game you use a gun to shoot bullets. No, Not having a gun fire bullets, Actually shooting at living bullets10/10 Would Kill Bullets with ""The Unicorn of Handguns"" again"
76561198020659964,Recommended,311690,30972434,Posted: 5 April,all,Punch Jesus,You have walking human sized bullets shooting guns that shoots out mini bullet.What game has that?
76561198128582774,Recommended,311690,28270609,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Burninglink,Dodge Simulator
,Recommended,311690,28272549,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Don Platinum,"The new meaning of ""fighting fire with fire"".This is the definition of Bullet Hell. The guns keep coming, and the bullets keep dropping. It's silly look and awesome visuals are alluring and nice. With four different characters to select, each one gets a different set of skill from each other. You gotta master the gun, then have lots of fun. I'd recommend this game to anyone who loves bullet hells, silly stories, and guns."
76561198033547765,Recommended,311690,28272756,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,OGBigRedMachine,"Dang it's hard but everything I wanted in a pixel dungeon crawler. Can't wait to binge this game out in co-op and excited to see the save feature implemented in coming updates. I can see why the reviews are so high, they are much deserved. The game is just built well in all aspects."
76561198084046024,Recommended,311690,28073508,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,E X T R A T H I C C,cool. 10/10
76561198345841702,Recommended,311690,28086623,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gambit,You know the game is good when the menu music amazed you!
,Recommended,311690,28085032,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,0xbdr,Really fun. The game nails its cute pixel graphics perfectly.
,Recommended,311690,28085213,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Montyggdrasil,Game keeps destroying me but I keep coming back for more.
11111111111111111,Recommended,311690,28116873,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Gay Sheriff Woody,"If you look on the map, the rooms Smile at you"
76561198072081235,Recommended,311690,28128098,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Money,"I love it , lots fun , and hard AF!"
,Recommended,311690,28125034,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SecretLars,"It's hard as balls! I love it, could be easier though (horrible drops, should be able to remove items from gungeon to increase drop chance)"
76561198089834956,Recommended,311690,24382075,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Gav Indie,"This game is one of my favorite games, it's like other dungeon crawlers, such as the binding of Isaac but with a unique and very consistent theme pertaining to ranged weaponry. (almost) All your weapons are strictly ranged, and most of the enemies are literally bullets that shoot bullets themselves, which is both comical and charming.This game has many useful and greatly implemented mechanics. One of the most well integrated mechanics to this game is the dogde roll, which makes your character leap in one direction and become temporarily invincible. Binded to M2 by default, this feature was very well executed and demands for good timing on the player's part, taking advantage of invincibility frames to rapidly reposition themselves around the room and avoid damage. The enemy attack patterns conform to the use of the dodge roll as well, as most enemies will have you need to use the dodge roll in specific ways and directions to avoid their attacks, making you have to rely heavily on the use of the dodge roll throughout the whole game, and making it be an important implement to gameplay rather it being some useless ability that has no immediate reason to be used. This shows how great of a job they did employing this mechanic. To top it all off, the dodge roll can be used in all directions, is very responsive, and just feels satisfying. Another immensely helpful mechanic is the teleporter, allowing you to fast travel across completed rooms on the current floor, removing tedious back tracking. Even this is well implemented to the game's theme and fits very well with the environment.Speaking of the environment, each room is chock full of little details such as books and barrels, and even the door blockers that come down during fights have little faces and designs that are specific to the floor's theme. While, having no real use, these details area e s t h e t i c a l l ypleasing and charming nonetheless.This game has a variety of weapons and items to make every run different and keep the game interesting,there is almost never a dull moment. The bosses are fun and challenging and the enemies are pretty balanced(Except for Iron Maiden, which are as tough as the nails inside their casing). Each floor has a roster of bosses unique to that floor, making there be several more bosses than there would be if there was a smaller pool of bosses that applies to all floors, this also helps keep the theme of the current floor by having bosses specific to them. This is something that Isn't in many other games, where the same group of bosses are used for every level of progression in the game. The reward system for defeating bosses without getting hit will oblige you to master the wide variety of bosses, and keeps you on your toes.This game has a near infinite replay value, witch is what makes it so great, especially because every second is so engaging as you must manage your ammo consumption, exercise correct timing with your dodge roll ,reposition yourself as needed to avoid taking damage, take advantage of environmental objects such as explosive barrels, poison barrels, flammable barrels, water barrels, chandeliers, pits, falling boulder traps, and mine carts, all the while dealing damage to enemies that are most threatening to your success. Plus, there are many rooms that you may encounter in the Gungeon (which are also floor specific) and every run the order of said rooms differ, meaning that you never really know how the next room is until you enter it.This game even has some lore around it that is generally well presented throughout the entire game. Explained in bits and peices through entries in the ""ammonomicon"" giving background information about the Gungeon as well as the endings and small bits of gameplay, the lore is consistent and ties with other item's descriptions, some enemies, and even npc's. There are also clever references in a fair amount of the game's items and objects such as the statue or shrine of Y.V. and the item Spice.In conclusion this game is a great choice with huge replay value, tons of content, and interesting mechanichs such as the dodge roll. This was a great buy and I am glad I got it."
76561198094768630,Recommended,311690,28109439,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Taffyjames1,A great game just like binding of issac rebirth however instead of tears its guns!
,Recommended,311690,28122784,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,DerLaPux | Eric,is gud
76561198289577148,Recommended,311690,28110470,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Randy Ray Randerson,really fun game pretty much unlimited replay value but very hard
,Recommended,311690,24382836,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,AbeClancy,
,Recommended,311690,28132623,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Knuckle Jr,"Extremely addicting, I'm doing this for the badge."
76561198130424731,Recommended,311690,28008601,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JackHawk1234,"This game is one of the most fun rogue-likes next to Binding of Isaac. The game always has you on your toes, and is tougher than people give it credit for."
76561198030496574,Recommended,311690,28014377,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Madrojian,"Honestly, this game is a blast. If you love bullet-hell twinstick shooters, you won't find much better. Combine that with the fantastic humor, even challenge, and massive armory, and there isn't much else I can say before I'm gilding the lily. Buy it, you won't regret it. 15 dollars is a pittance for endless hours of fun."
76561198275950724,Recommended,311690,28011871,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr.SealMan (An Edgy Seal),"This game is hard, and addicting. I haven't even finished the first dungeon, but I already see all the months I have to go to finish only all the dungeons, not even counting the weopon, enemy, and boss logs you can unlock. If you're good at The Binding Of Issac, this will still be difficult"
,Recommended,311690,28040984,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ghostily,"Enter the Gungeon is a great game and I love it a lot. Tons of guns to shoot, lots of bosses, and very difficult."
,Recommended,311690,28395921,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,«§» Jon MF Connington,"Okay.  It's very interesting when a game just royally kicks your♥♥♥♥♥left, right, up, and down - and yet you cannot seem to rage quit.It's frustrating, yes, but every time I died, I was able to say it was my own fault and needed to get better from it.  22 incredibly quick hours in, I have been to the 3rd level only a few times (given, bullet hells aren't necessarily my forte).  This one's got me hooked.  If you want a satisfying challenge with tons and tons of randomized replay value, Enter the Gungeon is for you."
76561198064587132,Recommended,311690,28392951,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ikemen unicorn,"Really few games make you feel like ""this game is complete!"" or ""This cant be made better"" and Enter The Gungeon is definetly one of them! While you play this game you can literally see how much love engraved its inside.Let me describe this with a metaphor. It is like...ummm...a gem but.. there is more...it is ..actually like a...Silmaril made by Feanor himself and fed with the lights of Fun and Guns!Awesome gameplay, endless gungeons, so many content, beautifully designed + detailed graphics, lots of puns, never ending easter eggs, fun encounters, lots of guns and never enogh ammo (bcoz you will never stop shooting! Why the hell anybody wants to stop shooting in this game?!) so dont fool around and start shooting!"
76561198156945882,Recommended,311690,28394552,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,XenoDrone98,"The game is very creative, and can be easy or hard depending on how you play. Each boss is identical as they are designed to have a specific pattern, some are meant for you to do dodge roll a lot or to just strafe.This game takes a lot of learning and quick reaction times. So for new players, expect to die a lot, unless you play bullet hell games a lot."
,Recommended,311690,28303012,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TromboneFreak,"BRUTALLY HARD HOLY CRAP I'M AWFULBut for real it's a gorgeous pixelly game that is a Rogue-like + Bullet Hell which = well, Hell.If you like Binding of Isaac, you'll like this, but if you like beating games, look elsewhere. :P"
,Recommended,311690,30974215,Posted: 5 April,all,N00byGamerPlayz,This game is a well polished roguelike with lots of replayability. A bullet hell challenging shooter game. I'm happier if it was some kind of workshop in this game.
,Recommended,311690,28384952,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,It That Obeys,"I have to say that I liked this game, but didn't consider it as memorable as other titles of similar play style like The Binding of Isaac series. The art in this game is amazing, along with the music. But some gameplay elements made me not want to come back and visit this game again. I found some of the bosses, like the Beholster and the Wallmonger, to be well inspired, but the others were pretty lackluster. For example, the Bullet King and the Trigger Twins felt like the most basic possible boss names, and didn't have much interesting patterns. As well, the difficulty of this game doesn't necessarilly feel balanced; I feel less like my deaths are my fault than the game's difficutly change from floor to floor.Overall, though, I would consider this game to have interesting character designs and amazing pixel art, and therefore would still recommend it. I also feel happy hoping that Dodgeroll will make another game, because these guys could bring even more to the table with another game."
76561198202570788,Recommended,311690,28387954,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Odahviing,Hours and hours of fun. The only thing I dislike about it is that there isn't more of it to enjoy once you've done about everything.
,Recommended,311690,28389376,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ShrekYoSelf,"One of my all time favorite rogue-likes now. Move over Isaac, the Gungeon is in town!"
,Recommended,311690,28415787,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Miu,be a gun shooting guns at guns
,Recommended,311690,29486971,Posted: 25 January,all,Coconut Minaduki,"Такс,после своих 140 часов думаю я могу написать свой обзор на этот довольно неплохой рогалик.Все что я хотел описать тут уже написал тиджойкин,поэтому я просто напишу плюсы,минусы и мнение.Так вот.Плюсов тут довольно много и первый из них это-разнообразие,тут есть оружие из других игр(Куб мяса и тд)каждое из них имеет свою,так скажем особенность,некоторые из них ужасны,некоторые имбовые,а некоторые имбовые с разными предметами(Тригеры+Лук-патрон+пасивка которая заряжается после использования)Второй плюс-Разнообразные мобы,есть просто патроны(булет кины)есть рыцарь(корморант)Есть всякие мутанты,монстры и так далее.Третий плюс это-Динамичность,ганжен это булет хэлл и поэтому тут всегда все идет быстро и динамично.Четвертый плюс-Сложность,да это плюс,но для некоторых это является минусом(Для такого трайхарда как я,для меня это просто прекрасно).Ладно,плюсы можно перечислять долго,перейдем к минусам.Игра довольно быстро надоедает,в пример возьмем мою ситуацию,у меня победный ран,но на 4-ом этаже мне надоело и я просто ливнул.Ну и на этом все,для меня это единственный минус,но я могу найти и больше!"
,Recommended,311690,28514965,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,∑∆WaffleGuy∆∑,"This is such a beautifully made game full of charm and replayability. The gunplay is top-notch and the boss battles are awe-inspiring. There is one huge aspect I must mention though: the difficulty. I have no idea whether to say its a good thing or a bad thing for this game to be so hard. I cannot make it past the 3rd floor. It doesn't feel unfair but it is kinda frustrating to take damage. I have tried and failed to beat this game so many times that I feel like I am banging my head against a wall. Maybe I'm just bad at life but I feel many people have stated this same point. That being said, I still enjoy this game. Just remember, its quite unforgiving and brutal."
76561198015122636,Recommended,311690,28513780,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Shargonash,Enter the Gungeon is one of the best games I have played in a long time with tons of replayablity and tons of gun puns that will make you chuckle while playing. I highly recommend this game to all. 10/10
,Recommended,311690,28496127,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,foxi tavi~,"A light-hearted roguelike with some laughably horrible puns.Enter The Gungeon manages to keep itself fresh amongst titles like Binding of Isaac with its dodge roll mechanic. This simple roll opens up scenarios with more choices. Combine this with a large variety of guns, items and passives, this game will keep you coming back for more as you strive to discover what each gun can do.A good pick-up-and-play twin stick shooter."
76561198025193153,Recommended,311690,28504537,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Opportunity Knocks,"I just beat the final boss after 107 hours of gameplay, countless playthroughs, and I still want to continue playing and unlocking stuff. This is the best Rogue-like game I have ever played. It may not have on-line coop but it is still has local coop and that's very fun. Can't reccomend this game enough!"
76561198074381428,Recommended,311690,28191055,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TwigBoy,"Your a Gun, Im a Gun, Everything is a Gun."
76561198116006560,Recommended,311690,28215230,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,QuantumKris (ง’̀-‘́)ง,"Over 30 hours played. This game though my experience is mainly very luck based. While yes there is strategy with items, conservation, and gun use, there's a lot of luck with it. I have had runs where I get incredibly lucky with the shops, and the chests at the beginning of the game and will be in the clear, but I also have had runs where I die becuse I just can't get anything good. While luck is heavily involved, skill is still there, and will always be. Once you understand the enemies AI, the rooms, items, and guns, then you can only continue to get better and better as you go along. But the dodge mechanic is by far the one thing you'll need to practice at 100%, it will be the savior or killer of a run at times. Although the learning curve may be game dropping for some, for me its more motivating. Some runs I find and discover more and more stuff, which keeps me going and striving! Very clever in my eyes. So if you're a fan of running around, always finding and discovering, and want to sink days into a relatively cheap game, go on ahead! This game is easily worth $30 or more in my opinion ^_^Overall this game is a 9/10!My experience with the game...- Very luck based- Never know what else you can discover- Never know when you might get the elucid Rainbow Chest- Practice, practice, practice the dodge mechanic"
,Recommended,311690,28209427,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MegaRad,"If you're looking for a roguelike, item collecting, power stacking, bullet hell dungeon crawler, look no further. This is it.Easily the most addicting game you may ever play, with RNG that finds a new way kill you each time.10/10 would trade my soul for ammo again"
76561198165831680,Recommended,311690,28212201,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TNTNuke,"This game is awesome with tons of guns, passive and consumable items, tons of enemies and about 20 bosses, the game is a ton of fun but sometimes you have a bad run with bad items and perma-death, the game can sometimes be really frustrating when you don't have enough time to learn all the functions"
76561198046278152,Recommended,311690,28188859,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Beerzerkers,"It's really hard. Like really hard. The assortment of guns that you can get are really cool. If you like Binding Of Isaac or other games like it, then this game would be fun for you."
,Recommended,311690,22544080,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,hitler's lukewarm waffle,I would describe it as the binding of Isaac + Nuclear throne Topped with tons of gun PunsIt's so difficult but I just can't stop coming back to it
76561198032785132,Recommended,311690,22545985,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,L8989,"The game is fun and it is a different take on rogue likes with its art style and gameplay all related to shooting things. It is however unforgiving with damage and poor play due to the drop rates being on the lower end of random.  Being a bullet hell game, the key to survival is learning patterns and timings of the foes you face. And then dodge rolling out of the way.Like all rogue likes, the game is mostly rng based and a run can be pretty much over by the end of the first floor if things did not roll in your favor. Most of the items you pick up is more guns and passive items are usually hp. If you do not get a better gun in your chests or shops, then fighting the boss will be a chore as you plink away with the starting weapon even if it is doable. Which is different from other games like Binding of Issac, you do not build up much stats to progress, you pray for a gun that mulches bosses or clear rooms. The game quickly becomes finding that one good gun."
,Recommended,311690,22542157,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Unranked,"Good, a must play!"
76561198145124662,Recommended,311690,22542705,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Rooples Pooples,"I give it a 10 outta 10.  It's hard, it's addicting, it's frustrating, but that just leaves me wanting more!  I can't stop thinking about how I'm gonna beat the next boss, your if I even can.  I love the developer's sense of humor too!  Can't get enough puns.  Buy it! :D"
,Recommended,311690,22545406,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,[  ],KILLED A BOSS WITH HIS OWN BULLETS8/1 MATE
,Recommended,311690,22516331,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Dab on the haters,"I would recommed it. It's a very hard game, you WILL find yourself dying a lot, but that is the whole fun that comes with it. You can also play local coop if a friend comes over... that can be a lot of fun too. If you dont like dying dont get the game, but if you learn from your deaths and continue playing, with your newly discovered techniques, you with love this game. I'm always on the edge of my seat, you never know when your going to die, you could be at full health in one room then a half a heart at the other. The game also contains many items or guns that you may not have seen before, this keeps each run unique and fresh, reasuring you that each time you play will have a different outcome. I hope my you will consider this game, I have enjoyed playing it."
76561198053854200,Recommended,311690,22344960,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Cagerassic Park,"ok, this game is really hard to get into. but once you learn how it works it's really quite fun. there are a few things that I wish were different. and I kinda like nuclear throne better, but this game is pretty fun if you like this genre"
,Recommended,311690,22348670,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,The Game Eater,"Enter the Gungeon is a twin stick, roguelite, shoot-'em-up developed by Dodge Roll and published by Devolver Digital.Narrative:The Good - Enter the Gungeon doesn't give half a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about its story. It gives a basic narrative but doesn't focus on the plot. The plot itself is one of the most silly and stupid ones to ever be written. It's about adventurers stepping into an ancient chamber known as the Gungeon on the hunt for a gun that can kill the past. It's so absurd and cheesy that it's lovable. The dialogue is ridiculous at points and very charming and the setting is this fun mish mash of medieval structures with high and low-tech weaponry as well as magic. The whole game gives off this careless vibe that really makes it feel fun.The Bad - Not a damn thing.Score - 10/10Graphics:The Good - This is one of the best games to pull off pixel art. It's a gorgeous clash of colors that has some incredibly intricate and painstakingly detailed special effects, especially for teleportation. It runs at a smooth 60 FPS and has a ton of detail in the whole area. The enemies are super cute and the whole game has been designed with referencing to guns everywhere.The Bad - The charater models are a bit lacking in detail. Not much but enough that it stands out.Score - 9.5/10Sound:The Good - This soundtrack is amazing. It's bouncy, upbeat, fast-paced, and just fitting and the opening theme is one of the greatest to ever exist.The Bad - It's perfect.Score - 10/10Gameplay:The Good - Strap in folks, it's about to become a ramble. Enter the Gungeon proudly wears its Nuclear Throne inspiration on its sleeve, going so far to have one the main mechanics be a roll of sorts. Keep in mind that this is a seperate, unique entity that takes aspects of Nuclear Throne and Binding of Isaac. This isn't a carbon copy. The devs smartly recognized what were some of the best elements of NT and improved upon them. For example, they threw out the upgrade system and decided to focus on the guns because in the end, the guns were always the fun part. There are 189 guns in this game. That's impressive and makes sure that each run offers up variety. The guns range from generic rifles to weapons like the Doom inspired BSG and a gun that shoots out the word BULLET. There's also over 200 passive items that are weak and allow for slight modifications to the gameplay. Think if the way of acquiring items in Binding of Isaac was combined with Nuclear Throne's subtle passives. The game always makes sure you're offered enough equipment to survive but never overloads you with early game items. And the starting weapons are actually really good. The characters are all incredibly different and offer up different advantages like better reloading and accuracy or better damage after taking damage. The other big feature of EtG is the dodge roll. One of the fun parts of Nuclear Throne is rolling around as Fish, however, the actual practicality isn't great so the devs fixed that by making it a central mechanic in the game. Strafing will only get you so far and in the end, you won't be able to outrun every bullet, so the dodge roll lets you dodge right through the bullets. It's an amazing feature and is a ton of fun to pull off, especially in heated situations. You can also flip tables. They're amazing for cover and even the AI will use them against you which is just so cool. And if you're ever overwhelmed, you have blanks which knock back enemies and wipe out all of the enemy projectiles on screen. As for enemies, there is actually quite a bit of variety and there's a few early game enemies that are really menacing. They all have their own spray and attack patterns and utilize different guns to fight you such as sniper rifles, assault rifles, revolvers, magic, and more. There's also a shop. It's amazing. It supplies vital items such as much needed health, armor, keys, weapons, items and blanks. The shop actually matters and it isn't a good idea to jeapordize your relationship with the shopkeeper since he's quite troublesome. As for keys, they're much harder to come buy and must be spent to open up chests which contain a wide array of items. This means there's a lot more strategy involved in item usage since ammo is also quite hard to come by. Onto the bosses. The bosses are easily the area where the most effort went in for enemies. There are three possible bosses per floor and they're all balls to the wall hard. They really do test you and are quite a challenge to defeat but the pure adrenaline from fighting them is awesome. Difficulty in EtG is also done very well. The game explains everything you need to know about through the tutorial and the Ammonomicon (more on that momentarily). This makes sure that new players aren't scared off by the game being too vague like in Isaac and Nuclear Throne. The first floor is fair and light in its difficulty until the boss where the game drops that to have some fun. But it's perfect because this creates an experience where new players can easily start playing while the devs didn't have to completely compromise on difficulty. And to also add to making the game so much more convenient, there's a bunch of teleporters placed around that allow you to fast travel around the map, making back-tracking incredibly easy. Don't forget how currency is brought towards you when a room is cleared. Now let's talk about the Ammonomicon which is where I see an Isaac comparison. Isaac has its own collection pages so why not use that fun feature here? This is where the game becomes a fun collect-a-thon. The Ammonomicon is the game's personal encyclopedia that explains Weapons, Items, Enemies, and Bosses and also throws in some neat flavour text. It's a great incentive to try out everything and is just interesting to look through. Finally, let's talk about game progression. There's quite a bit. As you progress you'll unlock more merchants and this helps make the player feel like they're actually making a difference in the game and progressing. Powering through will allow the player access to the Acquistions Department which drops in different items to the Gungeon. There's just sooooo damn much to this game and it's an absolute blast to play.The Bad - The basic bullet enemies become somewhat boring after playing for awhile. That's it though.Score - 9.5/10Longevity and Replayability:The Good - I'm only 5 hours in but I can already tell that there's a lot more to this game. For the price, there's just a ton of content.The Bad - Nothing.Score - 10/10Final Score:Enter the Gungeon is easily one of my favourite games of the year. It's an amazing collaboration of ideas from multiple other roguelites and forms its own identity in the process. It's fun, fast-paced, action packed, and just ridiculous. This is a must have for rogulite and Nuclear Throne players alike.Score - 9.8/10 = Spectacular"
76561198026793398,Recommended,311690,22550427,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,"Don ""Cousin is here!"" Cheadle",Two Words: Damn
76561197969688288,Recommended,311690,22561472,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,petro,"I'd recommend this game to hardcore gamers in the current state it's in. Instant cult classic, and already I can see very high replay value in the way the game is designed. Most of my review will seem negative, but I promise it's really enjoyable, but I feel I need to give some constructive criticism.The learning curve for newer players is a bit steep. Probably enough where people will start mashing the refund button. This game is *hard* and there are no difficulty settings. I don't see myself giving up until I get good enough to beat it, but I'm not most gamers. Most other players I know would probably get frustrated at their progress getting set back to 0 so frequently and easily.I've read plenty of discussions on how ""difficult"" it would be to rebalance the game etc etc for different settings, but I think even some minor handicaps could help newer players in an extreme way.For example, simply starting with one more heart container could do wonders for weaker players. In this game's health economy you're very poor, so I think it'd be a huge boost to help smooth out that learning curve.I'm thinking something as simple as:Easy - 5 heartsNormal - 4 heartsHard - 3 heartsVery Hard - 2 heartsInsanity - 1 heartSure, marine might be a bit imba on insanity in this scenario, but a small change like this could help the game cater to a wider audience.If that's not enough to balance, again just adjust more starting econ. Extra blanks at start or extra keys again help make that learning curve smoother. And for the crazy hardcore people starting with 0 keys / 0 blanks / 1 health will satisfy the masochistic mentality.I don't think the game needs to get into the mess of changing droprates, varying enemy hp / shot rates / spawn rates or anything of the sort. It just needs to let newer players explore a bit more of the content before getting completely dominated."
76561198000302342,Recommended,311690,22562095,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Demoknight,"I still have yet to beat this game but I feel myself improving little by little so I'm going to keep trying. Most of the time I have horrible runs where I dive facefirst into enemy fire consecutively. But sometimes everything just clicks and I become Neo from the Matrix, and it feels awesome. My only gripes are that secret rooms are too hard to find without a map and that I have no idea what purpose some of the special rooms serve (what the heck do you do in the room with all the sarcophagi and the empty altar?) A few in-game clues or hints certainly wouldn't hurt."
76561198108020511,Recommended,311690,22558536,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Raiga,"Enter the Gungeon is a rogue-like, bullet hell dungeon crawler, sort of like The Binding of Isaac. Only difference is there's guns. The enemies are really unique, and I really love the way the guns the enemies use are based off of what caliber bullet they are. The bosses are challenging, that is until you learn the ropes of this game and how they work. What makes this game even more challenging is the fact that you'll have no idea what gun you're going to get from chests. It can be hard depending on which one you get. You could get a gun that shoots like a rail gun and do really well, or you could get a pistol that shoots explosive wood.Either way, all of the guns are pretty well made, and you can get through any floor with any gun. You just need to have skill. This is not a casual game. It will not sugarcoat anything, and it won't hand feed you keys, hearts, or anything.It's challenging, creative, and demands good skills. I highly recommend it, and it is worth the price."
,Recommended,311690,22558661,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,joewidd,"Dark Souls, guns, and a beautiful pixel art style. What more do you need?"
76561197995245990,Recommended,311690,22562283,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,spybotplus,Really nice gameplay!
76561197965689439,Recommended,311690,22562754,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,whizzard,"I rarely play games like this, but after seeing a video of gameplay I gave it a shot.  It is really fun, and very difficult.  I hope I can start getting past the first few floors soon!"
,Recommended,311690,22548949,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Sopapaya,This game is ruthless as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198157040874,Recommended,311690,22551987,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,PixelsFox,9 hrs in and still not got to the floor 3.rock hard/10
76561197978944753,Recommended,311690,22543346,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,getimoliver,Very enjoyable Link to the Past meets Binding of Isaac meets Gradius. Just the right amount of addictive. Killer effects and soundtrack to boot!
,Recommended,311690,22557382,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Tanlash,"Enter the Gungeon is a fun and refreshing addition to the rogue-like genre. It has a unique art-style which aids to this games real true name the 'Pungeon'.Premise:You're a person wielding a gun firing bullets at guns that are wielding other guns who are firing bullets back at you. If you are persistent enough eventually you'll find the gun to kill the past... Or will you o.O?Guns aren't evil, it's the bullets that wield them.Video Review:https://youtu.be/M-6rIDnSqfY"
76561198065330807,Recommended,311690,22557673,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,_JarlBalgruuf,>get into gungeon>kill a bullet with bullets>bullet kills me with bullets10/10 would bullet again
76561198066136990,Recommended,311690,22614777,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,hobbled man,Pros-fun-nice graphics-good controls-good soundtrack-great couch co-op experience-charmingCons-A few unfair deaths-The occasional crash-Refighting bosses gets repetetive (Although there is a way to skip to later floors)
76561197994175952,Recommended,311690,22624587,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,belbiy,"Pros: Great gameplay, so much fun. Plays really well with a controller. Prepare to die a lot.Cons: Unbalanced, most guns & drops are really bad. Almost no synergies. Prepare to die a lot. Buggy as hell on Mac (at least for now 1.0.6)"
,Recommended,311690,22703972,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mass,"This game. God damn.The only consistent part of this game seems to be the enemy attack patterns and you'll definitely need to learn those to survive all the other RNG.Seriously though, feels fresh through every run.Don't know if it's just me, but the high-detail pixel art makes me feel really involved in a strange way, like I'm really in a library, or really in a small garden, or really inside a mine. The tiniest details are what makes this game look great.It will make you suffer and you will love every second of it."
76561198096377786,Recommended,311690,22720010,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Roberto,Frustrating and rewarding at the same time.Gives me surprises everytime I opens a chest ^_^Teaches me the importance to dodgeHope will add additional contents(guns) in the future!10/10
76561198202795310,Recommended,311690,22721792,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Tacthose,"VERY COOL GAME, LOT OF FUN !!!"
,Recommended,311690,22722799,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,S0rch3r,"I hate this game so much, damn addictive difficulty.That's why you have to get it."
,Recommended,311690,28144829,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,AssHorse,I have playd this game about 100 hours in off-line mode. Still don't beat 3rd stage. 10/10 GOTY
76561198071810195,Recommended,311690,30233670,Posted: 27 February,all,hallix78,You know it's a good game when you stink as bad as I do but don't want to stop playing. Mind those keys.
,Recommended,311690,30233693,Posted: 27 February,all,dezukan,nuclear throne but better
,Recommended,311690,30233105,Posted: 27 February,all,lapto,Fun game for casual and hardcore players. Funny weapons. Cool enemy designs. Challenging bosses. Anything that makes a game good is here. Would recommend to anyone who thinks they're even a little interested.
76561198118586154,Recommended,311690,30223791,Posted: 27 February,all,FadedFacade,"Hard but fair,Masochist approved"
76561198125225603,Recommended,311690,31163501,Posted: 15 April,all,Demented Deity,"Do you like crack kids?well if you do it'll probably compliment the mouth foaming addiction you'll develop per each♥♥♥♥♥whooping attained as you crawl through each room, firing shotguns from a shell at shotgun shells shooting you with their smalleer shotguns.Red orbs for days and raging nights of immense wreckitude, this game's lined with easteregss for those like me who need them, but be warned, you have to get master godd to get anywhere in this game.10/10 would get eviscerated by Dragun all day, everyday"
,Recommended,311690,31165116,Posted: 15 April,all,killer ducks,this is a very fun game i recomend it
76561198044183781,Not Recommended,311690,24146891,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,EldritchSyntax,"I could probably reccomend this game to a person who enjoys watching paint dry.Imagine a room-by-room roguelike where every room is enormous and empty, save for a few bland enemies.  These enemies take a multitude of hits to kill and bombard you with slow, easily avoidable attack for the better half of an hour while an annoying 6 second song plays on loop over and over.You would probably like a gun that doesn't take a magazine of shots to down a low level enemy.  Unfortunately for you, this means exploring the entire map in search of a chest.  Rest assured that about 90% of this map will consist of more slow, grating combat in empty rooms with nothing to find or collect.  When you finally find the chest, it is locked, and there is not a single key on the entire level.About now, you begin attacking the chest in hopes of obtaining the item.  If you're lucky, you'll succeed.However, a huge portion of these items will be mundane, mostly useless objects instead of gunsIf you're so impossibly lucky that your hour of ""exploring"" has provided you with a gun, you'll realize that this gun is no better than your old one, and uses a pointless finite ammo system.  In fact, for a game about guns, an unimaginably small number of guns actually have any interesting features or uses.It's now time to fight the boss.And of course regardless of what boss you get, it will undoubtedly consist of dodging slow, predictable projectiles and slowly whittling away at the boss' colossal health bar.Then you move on to the next floor, and it is time to do it all again.Are you having fun yet?Just... buy binding of isaac or risk of rain or something."
,Recommended,311690,31151614,Posted: 15 April,all,General Kenobi,YOU CAN RIDE MINECARTSWHILE SHOOTING AT PEOPLEBEST. GAME. EVER.10/10
76561198281395251,Recommended,311690,27427284,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Microsoft Paint,guns is gutlots of guns is lots of gut9/11
76561198206774133,Not Recommended,311690,29576728,Posted: 29 January,all,Johnny Test,"never mind, i've had this game for 3 weeks and now i can't open the game anymore WTF"
,Recommended,311690,29710095,Posted: 4 February,all,AeroCross,Completely destroyed a tank with nothing but bees.5/7
76561198072813807,Recommended,311690,29432880,Posted: 22 January,all,[COG] Pvt. Conner Callahan,"What a difficulty curve. It goes from easy to impossible as soon as you jump into the gameFor every time I get a comment saying ""git gud"", take a shot."
76561198008338305,Recommended,311690,31161019,Posted: 15 April,all,alan_emedece,"For someone who isn't much into rogue-like, I can't seem to get enough of it...especially with 80's music rocking in the background (a perfect pairing for the colorful frantic action)."
76561198150754596,Recommended,311690,28620294,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ben,"After playing this game more, I'm actually starting to love it."
76561198220596300,Recommended,311690,31179111,Posted: 16 April,all,madcatter3,"Think The Binding Of Isaac with guns. It's a pretty fun game, but I found it difficult and never got past Chamber 4. Still, I recommend you try it out."
76561198012023582,Recommended,311690,28079862,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,lewrker,I didn't even want to play this but I have to now.
,Recommended,311690,31137852,Posted: 14 April,all,𝔸𝕢𝕦𝕒𝕣𝕚𝕦𝕤,Enter the gungeon?this game is a bullet hell & Roguelike game that brings in alot of game references such as mega manand star wars and metal gear solid (ect)(Pros):The graphics are highly detailed and well put togother:The enemies are unique with special attacks and the way they look are cute/cool:The bosses are well designed and thought out and there attacks are hard to dodge----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(Cons):The rooms are boring they should add more items you can interact with:This game needs more DLC god damn itDom dies at the end of fate of the furious ;)
,Recommended,311690,29272092,Posted: 15 January,all,Danielson,"My original review was negative, but I gave this game a chance and after 15 hours of play I decided to give this game a positive review.This game has downsides - such as dodge-roll makes you invulnerable for half of the animation time and sometimes you will enter the room where grenade is 2 meters from you, therefore there is no possibilty how to avoid damage in such situation and sometimes you are in a situations where it is not possible to out-manuver and dodge-roll all the projectiles (due to the vulnerability), but this game has its magic. If you love rogue-like games and you enjoy the pixelated graphic, this game is for you. Also the game is quite humorous :)"
76561198065340285,Recommended,311690,28234833,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,haz,"Two words: ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant.Extra words: play, quit, rage, repeat. GLHF."
,Recommended,311690,22363567,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,pissgoblin,its ok. i like nuclear throne better because im a stubborn ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198025379546,Recommended,311690,32796811,Posted: 25 June,all,Rrrryan,"Absolutely brutal difficulty, and sometimes your attempts are thwarted by the RNG gods alone. But at its core this game is a blast to play."
,Recommended,311690,32768347,Posted: 25 June,all,lyorigCZ,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻
76561198278492617,Recommended,311690,32752133,Posted: 24 June,all,404FireWiz404.exe,"havent even passed the first floor by now, but GOD DAMN IS IT FUN, sure its unforgiving af, but thats what all bullet hell games are like."
,Recommended,311690,32781263,Posted: 25 June,all,Zionaut,"Amazing game, worth every penny! Never have I had more fun shooting bullets that shoot bullets with bullets. In all seriousness, this game is amazing and I would reccomend it to anyone that likes dungeon crawlers and a variety of fun enemies and fun weapons. Game best played Co-op as well!"
,Recommended,311690,32864237,Posted: 27 June,all,Double D,♥♥♥♥ing love this game.
76561198030713086,Recommended,311690,32868433,Posted: 27 June,all,LordSpam77 [True Slav],10/10
76561198043997600,Recommended,311690,32843588,Posted: 26 June,all,zaysaki,"Do you like to shoot things? Do you like to dodge other things? Do you like pixel art? Do you like to git gud?Yes?Then get it, it is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,311690,32843075,Posted: 26 June,all,Inaniman,Nuclear Throne but better in every way.
,Recommended,311690,32902274,Posted: 27 June,all,Resident Of Kill,one of the best games ever
76561198306188011,Recommended,311690,32902492,Posted: 27 June,all,G Master Funk,is good game
76561198055630587,Recommended,311690,32907147,Posted: 27 June,all,Burribo the Wary,"Step one: Make it to the fifth chamberStep two: Make it to the last boss, but realize as you enter you only have half a heart leftstep three: ???Step four: Hit quick restart"
,Recommended,311690,32911620,Posted: 27 June,all,MrChacksie,"A game with a huge challenge. It's a mix between ""The Binding of Isaac"" and a SHMUP like Ikaruga."
76561198028959083,Recommended,311690,32875360,Posted: 27 June,all,BlueMageBrilly,"When I first bought this game and played it for a bit, it was like ""Wow, this is hard and unforgiving. It doesn't really keep my attention either."" But as I kept playing it, unlocking more stuff by doing stuff by doing stuff like ... 'accidentally' pushing a table into a pit, it got more and more interesting. Plus, as I played, my skill increased to the point where I was able to constantly get to the 4th floor over and over, which made the game even more fun as more guns and strategies became apparent.The enemies that once seemed really intimidating were also becoming just numbers in my head; as in ""Shoot this guy 3 times then once with the Crossbow when playing the Hunter to kill him quick."" Stuff like that. But despite that, it was still a challenge. It's still fun. There's also not really a point where I was like ""This game is dumb and unfair."" Anytime I died, I knew it was my fault. I'm the one that didn't dodge in time, or accidentally slid into a pit. There's only one boss I think needs tweaking, but I'm not sure the Bell will toll for her nerf.The bottom line of this review is: If you like rogue likes and literal bullet hells, then get this game and keep playing it. It gets better the more you play it, as most rogue likes do, and conquering the bosses that once gave you trouble is very satisfying. Keep shooting and kill your past!Oh, also their pun game is on point."
,Recommended,311690,32924234,Posted: 28 June,all,CIDE,"Very hard, but when you die and have to start over, it's not demoralizing. You just wanna get further, and the further you get the starting stage gets easier. Awesome speed, awesome weapons, buffs, movement."
,Recommended,311690,22514646,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Lemme lick you,Litterally Guntastic.10/10
,Recommended,311690,27118461,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mario,Enter The Pungeon.
,Recommended,311690,32881279,Posted: 27 June,all,Rarenet1,"This game is difficult, at least in my opinion it is. I suck at it but that doesnt mean it isnt amazing! 11/10 needs more bullets"
76561198046662552,Recommended,311690,32880297,Posted: 27 June,all,Reegan,"Once dodge rolled right into a pit.... respawned..... then dodge rolled the other direction into another pit..... was not my best run, but it was my most recent run. After 60+ hours, and even after beating the game multiple times, I fall for the developer's traps.... Well played sirs and madams.... WELL PLAYED!!!"
,Recommended,311690,32881223,Posted: 27 June,all,chromerino (クロミック),it´s a game I guess?
,Recommended,311690,30306183,Posted: 3 March,all,Crispy_Bread,"you dont quite master the gungeon in your first few games. the way i understand this game, its like taking down a wall. you keep throwing yourself at it again and again, failing each time but chipping it away slowly until you finally crack it. or you get stuck on floor two because you keep getting ammoconda as a boss."
,Recommended,311690,30304510,Posted: 3 March,all,Gary Winthorpe,Masterpiece.
76561198294181085,Recommended,311690,30364877,Posted: 6 March,all,Verturizer,"I say that this game is... Fantastic!Ive used contless hours on this game trying to get further over and over and over again!I suck at this game, and I will not argue thatThe farthest i've ever gotten is the fourth floor, and I died in the 3rd roomBut, that is my fault, so I will not argueThe game is extremely well developed and the graphics are very uniqueI would say to lower the difficulty... but I know that I just suck4.5/5! Buy it if you haven't!"
,Recommended,311690,23962956,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,pineapple,i shoot gun
76561198043967283,Recommended,311690,30307709,Posted: 3 March,all,JelloPoops,"Literally just buy this game and play it, do yourself a favour and just ♥♥♥♥ing experience this game. If you like The Binding of Isaac, you will most definitely like this game, maybe even more than you like Isaac."
76561198190524486,Recommended,311690,30303099,Posted: 3 March,all,PsychicSploob,"One of my favorite games. I love everything about the game: the style, the character, the gameplay, the progression, the whole concept of the game's story, the secrets, the humor (feels like a mix of Adventure Time and Futurama or something along those lines.) etc.Hard to get the hang of at first, but a blast when you finally do. It gives me the feeling old classics used to which is, you can only win if you are good and the game knows that :P"
,Recommended,311690,30326924,Posted: 4 March,all,Loafe,"addicting, and repetitively amazing.weapon designs are godly, I once had a gun in one of my runs so far where it shot letters in the order of B-U-L-L-E-T, and whenever you shot it said ""BULLET."" amazing."
76561198229486552,Recommended,311690,30326210,Posted: 4 March,all,Megtheridon,"The worst type of game ever, is an addicting rage game. This game is randomised, so I hate playing it because I lose every time. Alt + F4 has never been used so much. However, if you were to ask me to uninstall it, I would hate to do so. It feels like the kind of thing where you can do it, and you are so close, and then you die when the boss is at 1 health. All in all, I recommend this game to the patient people, who can see fun in challenge."
76561198071768173,Recommended,311690,30334665,Posted: 5 March,all,[X],"A big pack of pretty, pixelated, bullet hell ♥♥♥♥ you packed behind every cute faced minion that will murder you if you are not careful. 10/10 worthed every penny"
,Recommended,311690,30337959,Posted: 5 March,all,Ω,"I played this game almost every day for 3 months and finally beat the last boss. The whole design of this game is just perfect. It's a really challenging game, but also very self explanatory and intuitive. Such a brilliant concept and has had me hooked over and over and over. Thanks! 10/10!"
,Recommended,311690,30318401,Posted: 4 March,all,Mr.BMO,do you like bullet hell games? do you like rouge-like dungeon crawlers? of course you f***ing do so shut up and buy the game ya silly goose!!!
,Recommended,311690,29678876,Posted: 3 February,all,Willkill,"if you dont like the whole ""trial and error thing"" this game is not for you, overall i have died over 49 times and still havent even gotten past the third floor, but otherwise this is a very fun and challenging rougelike that is definetely worth the money 4.5/5 indeed"
,Recommended,311690,30325586,Posted: 4 March,all,Mooch,Accidentally put in 40 hours into the game. Cool new enemies and guns added for free. 10/10
76561198346677464,Recommended,311690,30328078,Posted: 4 March,all,Ace of spades,I have found this game through a few youtubers and i am glad i decided to get the game for myself there is no bugs (for me) and it recently gave us a free dlc!  i would recommend 9/10
76561198023391270,Recommended,311690,30360428,Posted: 6 March,all,jerntserms,The quality is really there. Lots of details. Feels great.
76561198077336274,Recommended,311690,30360730,Posted: 6 March,all,logen1995,"Great game, love it, will just say that some of the challenges are a bit overly difficult. for example, i had to kill a giant goldren skeleton with a peashooter, not all the hard, problem was that when i killed the skeleton and it went into its regeneration, i couldnt do enough damage to the skull to destroy it before it regenerated, so i had to fail the challenge after taking 3/12 hearts of damage trying to do it."
76561198354615370,Recommended,311690,30347042,Posted: 5 March,all,badpungenerator2000,"Oh my goodness, is this game fun.I started long ago (I still cant beat the 3rd floor cause im a noob) and it's still addicting as hell. The halls of knowledge brings a good tutorial and lets players start knowing what to do unlike some other games. The items are all very unique and have ups and downs. I love the references to other games i like, like The Legend of Zelda and Mega Man. The guns are cool (pew pew). However out of all of the cool things, one epic part stands out from all the other cool stuff. If you're reading this, please do a drum roll.321HOLY JESUS, DO I LOVE THE CHARACTERS. OHHHHHH. All of the characters are so hilarious! From their dialogue to their animations, they're so human! I cant see any bad things about this game. I'll r8 it 8/8 cause it's gr8.10/10-From yer fav pile of garbage(PS- For every1 who complains the game is hard, you should've acknowleged the tag 'Diffucult'.)"
76561198089839170,Recommended,311690,28004488,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Retro Awesome,"I Only Recommend Games With 30+ Game HoursIf you're looking for an excuse to buy a second controller, then this game is it. I love playing as the second player because he can revive, (once with an item) and he has a bandana that makes him stronger when the first player dies.The elements of this game that you will probably be interested in if you like these:Bullet HellRandomly Generated LevelsHard as Frozen♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197966018195,Recommended,311690,30271529,Posted: 1 March,all,see5HARP,"Whelp. I was addicted fairly early on but drifted away because of how slow the game starts off. After the recent content patch I jumped back in and immediately was re-addicted. The new bosses and enemy types made things fresh again and after 60 hours, I finally crafted the damn bullet and killed the past (for a single character). Game is much harder to get a cheese setup that breaks the game (comparing to other games in the genre like Binding of Isaac) but to be honest, for me, that was part of the charm. I played over and over and over again and finally did it on my first go for the true ending. This game is very good."
76561198227746028,Recommended,311690,30296537,Posted: 3 March,all,The OG Gold Shy Guy,"This Game is Hard at first but once you get used to it its really fun, the game style feels nice and it never gets old to play."
76561198151788190,Recommended,311690,30157012,Posted: 24 February,all,The_Digital,"Amazing game, absolutely love it, but it just randomly crashes on me! It makes no sense when it crashes, either. Fire a gun? Crash. Kill a Boss? Crash. Try to start up the ♥♥♥♥ing game? Crash.Really though, it is great, but this crashing is just ridiculous, espaically since it restarts the floor when it does so."
,Recommended,311690,30156159,Posted: 24 February,all,Wakarimasen,"I really, really like this game.This is the kind of rogue-lite I like, with fairly quick action, tough at first but you're able to progress, PLENTY of unlockables, interesting secrets and plenty to do.The enemies are largely gun-themed or with a gun pun, the weapons are often either homages to something (like Judge Dredd or Ghostbusters, Super Mario or Blade Runner) or ridiculous (like the gun that shoots bullets that shoot guns) and the items have a wide array of abilities, from sunglasses (which slow down time when an explosion happens) to junk (that sometimes turns into Ser Junkan, who can be upgraded with more junk)You can rescue people... and creatures (like a giant d20) from the Gungeon and they may sell you things or issue challenges, if you somehow get bored of the ""normal"" mode, you can pay galactic credits (the only 'money' that survives death) to mix up your next game.It's fun and quick. I haven't had this much fun since The Binding Of Isaac :)"
,Recommended,311690,30155126,Posted: 24 February,all,Beach,"This game is one of the most challening games I have ever played and I usually max out the difficulty on games... but this is a game where I couldn't even make it passed the first boss. I'll chalk that up to my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skill and being a filthy casual.The game is enjoyable, well made, and simply challenging. Chances of getting addicted to this game is 90%."
76561198208767552,Recommended,311690,30155225,Posted: 24 February,all,mcguy2722,10/10would shoot bullets out of guns that were shot out of a bullet at bullets shooting bullets at me againbut seriously this game is great
76561198110858633,Recommended,311690,30177985,Posted: 25 February,all,Janus_XLII,"Enter the Gungeon... you'll want to do it over and over and over again. This game combines elements from other rogue-like, bullet hell shooters. Tons of guns to keep the magazines running fresh, Local co-op if you're into that, a variety of tough bosses to fight, earn in-game currency to buy more guns and items for The Gugngeon, and a great soundtrack. This is a game you do not want to miss out on!"
76561197963913789,Recommended,311690,31384972,Posted: 26 April,all,Bernhard,This game is a lot of fun. The controls are amazing and the gameplay is very challenging.
76561198099644438,Recommended,311690,31318760,Posted: 23 April,all,Tolga varlk,ben normalde bir oyunu crackli indirmeyi tasviye etmem ama bu oyunu bence ilk önce indirin ve bakın bunun sebebi oyun tarzını herkes sevmeyebili.Eğer beyenirseniz benim gibi yapımcıya destek amacıyla satın alabilirsinizARTILARI:+Silah çeşitleri aşıırrıı fazla.+gameplay üstün derecede zevkli+oyundan sıkılma süreci uzun yaklaşık 20 saat ama bir ay sonra tekrar aaynı zevki alabiliyorusuzEKSİLER:-Multiplayer co-op desteği yok-ZOOOORRRR(eksi sayılırmı bilmiyorum)oyun bence kesinlikle parasını hak ediyor isterseniz mobil versiyonuda var çok benziyor adı soul knights.
,Not Recommended,311690,22255135,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Deadly Bounty Hunter,"Don't bother playing this game, it's complete garbage and wasted my life."
76561198149780293,Recommended,311690,31399218,Posted: 27 April,all,pr0f1l3 n4m3,YOU CAN SHOOT BULLETS THAT SHOOT BULLETS AT BULLETS THAT SHOOT BULLETS THAT SHOOT BULLETS11/10 WOULD BULLET AGAIN
,Recommended,311690,31420992,Posted: 28 April,all,Lord Maganic,This is a very fun game with loads of content and the price is a steal.It is fairly hard to get to the end but switching to a controller makes it way easier thanks to COD levels of aim assist.
,Recommended,311690,31453934,Posted: 29 April,all,V.Honkz,I love everything on this game. The sounds on every charackter walk step and every gun are all different.
,Recommended,311690,29550582,Posted: 28 January,all,Burst54,"This is the first roguelike I've ever played, and I love it! The controls are smooth, the framerate is consistent, and it's an extremely fair game above all else. Play it if you're looking for a roguelike adventure."
76561198262696443,Recommended,311690,27423552,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,大美兴 川普王,这个游戏太简单了，没几个小时我就打到第二层了，什么第三层，第四层，不存在的。
,Recommended,311690,31471867,Posted: 30 April,all,IronCasher,"Enter the Gungeon is one of these games that will keep you stick to your PC until you reach the end or a good point.You have to fight with your guns inside this ""Gungeon"" and reach the deepest chamber to get a special gun that will kill your past. You'll have to make your way between various monsters that will shoot you until they're dead. Also, the bosses are cool and difficult to fight because they will set a hell of bullets for you.There are only 2 characters to unlock but a lot of NPCs, Items and Guns. Also, this game is full of references that makes it more fun to enjoy.9/10 If you like the genre, you MUST buy it!"
76561198072228376,Recommended,311690,31472419,Posted: 30 April,all,DarkWolf,It has a gun that is a bullet that shoots guns that shoots bullets.
,Recommended,311690,31473931,Posted: 30 April,all,TheBryceIsRight,"The game is hardest at first, because each run helps the next run, and so on and so forth. 8/10!"
76561198239664496,Recommended,311690,31475649,Posted: 30 April,all,OmgItsAngstyTeen HD,game got lot of guns vv fun and hard to beat its issac meet guns great little gem that was just waiting to be gound definitly fun
,Recommended,311690,31473085,Posted: 30 April,all,Dr.Mikethesupercompter,"It is EXTREAMLY HARD, and i suck at it, but still love it. Can we have a switch port though that would be ♥♥♥♥ing awsome pls thx."
76561198354928471,Recommended,311690,31529162,Posted: 3 May,all,Pyrack,this game has:good musicpunsreferencesthis game also requires you to be good at the game instead of getting good items those do affect it but its more based on skillalso its great when you get the rare op run and annihilate basic enemies and early bosses
76561198125444684,Recommended,311690,31534997,Posted: 3 May,all,IDitty,"Addictive, challenging, and fun!"
76561197974653316,Recommended,311690,22761038,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,MilkProduct,I wish the default weapons were more fun to use and overall feel like the weapons could've used to be more powerful with more enemies per room. Now it all feels a bit too bullet spongey for me. The game pace could be faster and more hectic also. Otherwise the game's pretty nice. It's got some good music and a lot of polish. There's also a reference to God Hand which I can get behind. Props for the forced pixel perfect setting too.I one time got two passive buffs which made me faster and also made my weapons shoot faster and do more damage. I wish these were the default settings for the game.I'm not too far into the game but I'm hoping starter weapons could be swapped for something stronger too similar to Nuclear Throne.
,Recommended,311690,22761546,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Pimp Juice,"somewhat satisfying, awesome!"
76561198236299450,Recommended,311690,22761655,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,mkillerwhale,Took 11 hours before I beat the 5th floor.  Still havent beaten the real final boss.   10/10 harder than dark souls
76561198301322992,Recommended,311690,22769528,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Armadillo31,I have a new bug its one where when I load the game the whole screen is pink doesnt allow me to play which sucks since I was really looking forward to it. My computer isn't new but its not old either
,Recommended,311690,22492971,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Editionblack,"This game feels very refreshing after 300 hours of TBOI:RE and AB.Very fast paced, and also very skill based. Would reccommend to anyone searching for a challenge!"
76561198208096127,Recommended,311690,22638363,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Thanks,the first bosses are a too bit difficult. but other than that its awesome
,Recommended,311690,22635364,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,zack is cute ♡,"Enter The Gungeon is a biased game that leans more towards the type of player you are. If you are the type to like to just play the game instead of ""Getting Good"", then this game is not for you. You have to keep in mind that DYING is a part of the game and if you can not handle retsarting over and over again, then don't bother buying it. Personally, I hate Enter The Gungeon and even requested a refund because of this. But since this game is biased I will still recommend it to those who love fast-paced levels and enjoyable game mechanics."
,Recommended,311690,22635507,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Metal,Without a doubt this is the best bullet hell I have ever played10/10
76561197997305783,Recommended,311690,22635810,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mimic Deets,"After almost 50 hours of gameplay, I can honestly say that the game was worth the cash I've paid this game with.Enter the Gungeon, a game with floors of different types that also change it's layout every playthrough, is full of content. What kind of content? Guns. Lots and lots of guns. Big guns, small guns, some as big as your head. Some shoot fire, some shoot ice, some shoot fish, some shoot rice. There are so many guns and so many ways to use them. There are items that even help you improve your gun or the situation at hand. Lockpick is always a  favorite... if it works.This is definitely a game for thsoe looking to test their skills against hordes of enemies shaped like bullets. Really, they're shaped like bullets. Except the blobs."
,Recommended,311690,32581871,Posted: 19 June,all,MrAwesomeguy04,"Ah, the gungeon, a pure bullet hell with a bullet hell in it. 10/10, would break my laptop again."
,Recommended,311690,32606839,Posted: 20 June,all,PepeMzero,"Rogue like, guns, casual (or hardcore, depends on you), made me cuckle every now and then, fun for sure."
,Recommended,311690,32582926,Posted: 19 June,all,Zanee,"Enter the Gungeon is the first rogue-like game I've ever played, and I love it! This game has a great price for how much gameplay you will get out of it and I've had so much fun in it so far.Also, table flipping is the best thing since sliced bread"
76561198107453043,Recommended,311690,31583535,Posted: 6 May,all,_Xandoid,I had no intentions in buying this game because most rouge like games are 50/50 cause games like the binding of issac are amazing but the others are really bad. And this game was amazing i wantanyone to buy and play this game i have been sinking hours into this game. The art style and music the gameplay and writing is clever uniqe and great. Its honestly hard to find to many flaws with this game. If you dont think this game is worth your money its so worth your time so if you dont want to cough out 15 dollars to buy then at least then at least be on the look out for a sale.
,Recommended,311690,33002305,Posted: 29 June,all,Pure,"You enter a dungeon that is based off of guns. Inside of the dungeon, the enemies are mostly bullets. The bullets shoot guns which shoot bullets. You shoot the bullets with a gun that shoots bullets (or other things), thus, killing bullets with bullets.Then, sometimes, you can find a gun that is a bullet that shoot guns which shoot bullets, then, you can kill bullets with a bullet that shoot guns which shoot bullets.This game is meta as ****.(8.5/10, great rogue-like bullet hell game, but pretty hard.)"
,Recommended,311690,33199962,Posted: 3 July,all,Temmie,lovely game
76561197960782166,Recommended,311690,33202845,Posted: 3 July,all,Therebearking,"Really love this gun hell, have finshed it with most charecters and is still fun"
76561198354625206,Recommended,311690,33228222,Posted: 4 July,all,S1_LeNt_tr,this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing good man.!!!!!
76561198218028476,Recommended,311690,33233395,Posted: 4 July,all,Sky up,Really good game
,Recommended,311690,33233844,Posted: 4 July,all,CAL3B,"AMAZING GAME. This is one of my most favorite games. It is action packed and it like a hardcore binding of isaac. Game has a lot of things to do and you'll always have a goal. 10/10, would buy again."
,Recommended,311690,33186008,Posted: 3 July,all,RagemodeOnline,Just one more run...
,Recommended,311690,33202697,Posted: 3 July,all,Desaan,Shell gun that shoots shotguns? SeemsGood
,Recommended,311690,33186611,Posted: 3 July,all,FunJ11|twitch.tv/funjayofficial,"Hey, you! Yeah, yeah you!Do you play nuclear throne?Do you wanna play that, except hard as my balls on a saturday night?Do you want to spend 15 (or 7, depending on when you get it) dollars for a bigger nuclear throne?Do you enjoy suffering?If you answered yes to all of those, well, do I have a game for you!P.S. The bullet-kin make shell clinking sounds when they move and it's adorable.10/10IGN"
76561198013613306,Recommended,311690,33227596,Posted: 4 July,all,Ruuubick,"Fantastic game, it's fast paced, it's difficult, the variety of items is wide, the achievements are compelling, tons of secrets to be found, unlocking new guns and items feels rewarding but doesn't make the game much more easier. They also fixed most of the issues and gripes i had with the game with the latest big update so that's nice.Honestly it's worth many time the price, get it while you can, there's no stupid mechanics or nothing that doesn't seem fair, it's balanced and nervous, as it should be."
,Recommended,311690,33225137,Posted: 4 July,all,Doggo,"Like Binding of Isaac, but better in every way."
,Recommended,311690,33222836,Posted: 4 July,all,Winter Liew,10/10++ A Ton of Crazy Weapons That You Will Never Think Of++ Pixel Art Style++ Humor++ MusicBest Bullet Hell Game!Just buy this Game And Enter The Gungeon!!!
,Recommended,311690,33221642,Posted: 4 July,all,zhaf82,"Rage game, great game but hard..."
76561197991480063,Recommended,311690,33239508,Posted: 4 July,all,Akazashi,Fun hard game.
,Recommended,311690,33177324,Posted: 3 July,all,harziol5d,"This game is so hard but very good,this game makes you get gud (even after a lot of runs).the game would be perfect with online multiplayer.9/10"
76561197970053471,Recommended,311690,33031093,Posted: 30 June,all,NightRogue,"Part 3 of XXX (currently 268) in my ""The reviews of my ridiculously large Steam library"" seriesAs I've said, I am an electronics hobbyist, and a gamer. Everyone else acts like they have important things to say, so in the true American way, WHY NOT ME??  Watch out for my upcoming project, UAR.  It's gonna be /trump HUGE /trump one day.It's telling that I've started mainly on Rogue-likes. It's a genre I have a long history with, all the way back to my ASCII-playing days. I don't bother trying to mind whether I mean Rogue-like, or Rogue-light, or whether this is truly a ""genre"" or not, which I will leave to the prissier people among us with not much else to do but talk :)This next review centers on EtG, or Enter the Gungeon, which is one of the first RL games I downloaded before I dove back in to this style of gaming. For those that don't know, this is also a ""bullet hell"", top-down, twin stick affair, although you DO use a trigger to shoot. Everquest, and Dead Cells I also reviewed recently, and I strongly urge you to check out those reviews or just buy the games!Graphics -- 8/10Ah how do you judge pixel graphics? Well, bit by bit. Swear to god I just made that up lol. Anyhow, if you enjoyed the style of really any well-crafted pixel-based game, then you won't be disappointed here!  While I tend to think that this game lacks any kind of a truly unique ""style"" vs say Hyper Light Drifter, they get the job done in fine fashion.  They are sharp, and the contrasts are done very well, which is essential in a bullet-hell style of game. Everything is presented very well on the screen and it just WORKS. Nothing fancy here, which is probably a good thing as it might interfere with gameplay.Audio -- 10/10I LOVE the audio of this game. The tracks are EXCELLENT.  There IS ambience, for what little time you actually have to experience it (mainly after battles) and it does pull you in to the game about as much as you CAN be pulled into a game of this nature. All of the gun sounds are unique, and make sense. Audio cues are on point, and I do recommend playing this one with a great set of audiophile headphones.  The opening title track is AWEEESOME and instantly a classic in my most humble opinion. I was literally shocked when I started the game; just wasn't expecting that level of awesomeness from the videos I say. There is ZERO to take issue with on the audio side of things!Gameplay -- 9/10TIGHT. CONTROLS.  Pixel perfect really.  I can only take issue with the weapon changing mechanic which, although there is nothing literally ""wrong"" with it, it somehow always seems to frustrate me.  Perhaps it's just me?  I strongly, STRONGLY suggest you disable the favorite, or two weapon option in the menus as it always seemed to do it to me at the worst time. Tons of guns, and they all handle differently and they satisfy to no end!  There is a good deal of humor in this game as well and I appreicated all the little touches the developers put in here!  You know, maybe it's just these styles of games, but between Dead Cells, Everspace, and this game you really get this warm glow and nice feeling in your tummy when you play them - you can feel the love for gaming just pouring out through your controller.  And it feels AWESOME!... right up until you throw your controller across the damned room because you FORGOT TO USE YOUR BULLET TO NOT GET HIT BY AN ENEMY BULLET FOR LIKE THE 200th time!  Which leads to the difficulty:  This game is HARD. DAMN HARD. PUNISHING-LY HARD.  But it rarely feels cheap, and for the most part, when you screw up, it's 100% user error, as it should be!REPLAYABILITY -- 10/10The most important stat for a game in this genre.  I have had this game for a long time now, and I'll pick it up at least once a week for a nice 6 hour session of frustration and joy.  You can see the time I've put into it, and i am NOWHERE NEAR unlocking even 33% of the items, guns, and other content that there is to obtain in EtG. Hell I still haven't made it to level 4 I don't think, and I am nowhere near to assembling the bullet, which I only know about from google lol.  It's a very deep game, much deeper than you originally think.OVERALL -- 9/10You know, nothing is perfect.  But as far as aracde style, ONE MORE TIME, bullet-hell, ""me against an unbeatable army"" games go, it really, truly doesn't get much better than this. EtG stands on its own as a masterpiece of tight controls, engaging audio, great (if not exceptional) graphics, and challenging and rewarding gameplay.  Throw in the fact that your choice of starting characters makes you play a bit differently every time you start a run, and I just don't know if this game will ever truly ""end"" for me, especially since I don't seem to be good enough to whip it's♥♥♥♥♥♥  I'm sure I've let quite a few things out, but hey this is one of those things that you just need to pick up and get in to and experience for yourself.  Stay away from google as long as you can stand it, and smile a little bit every time you figure something else out for yourself while you bask in that warm, loving glow coming through your controller.  Right before you break your $2800 OLED TV with it ;)"
,Recommended,311690,26838763,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Iskandar,"Just booting up this game and doing one single run is sufficient to keep me giggling at all the references in the enemies, guns and descriptions."
76561198035359735,Recommended,311690,26839449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dragongelf,"You shoot, You dodge, You die.Play again?"
76561198066795196,Recommended,311690,26839734,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Swaggin,"Great game. Have around 40 hours or so already and hopeing to put even more in. Still havent unlocked a bunch of items and the game only gets better each time I play. If you like Binding of Isacc, Nuclear Throne, or rougelikes in general (or even if you don't), give this one a try."
76561198035089017,Recommended,311690,26891909,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JumB,I'm mostly doing this for the badge. But this game is pretty noice. :^)
,Recommended,311690,26886029,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,penguin,pew pew pew
,Recommended,311690,26886321,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Arby,"near-infinite replayability, after 31 hours in the game there are still plenty of unlockables and I've never quite made it to the final boss, let alone touched the endgame meta stuff or many of the secrets. you'll definitely need to be awake and aware for this one, as reflexes are the key, but practice definitely helps."
76561198176533758,Recommended,311690,24307607,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Person Guy,100% accurate simulation of America 10/10
76561198034009446,Recommended,311690,24307714,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Field Marshal Windbag,"This game fills that hole left by Binding of Isaac and at the same time is a different experience with the dodging mechanic and more focus on tons of different weapons instead of upgrades (which there also are, only less than weapons)."
76561198139904940,Recommended,311690,24307968,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MeekMingeMaster,"Got a rainbow checst on my third run, basically the luckiest man alive, 6.96/6.96 IGN"
76561198049083082,Recommended,311690,24346468,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Seyamore,Love this game. A genre-defining game like this is what I needed to spend my time on when I have nothing else to do. Well worth game that also contains an amazing soundtrack.
,Recommended,311690,24294091,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Incredible Doge | Skinhub.com,gr8 game m8 r8 878
,Recommended,311690,24264523,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,The Forgotten One,"oh its not multiplayer. FUN FUN FUN, but not multiplayer thinking about deleting it now :( 15 dollars for singleplayer nope, if you enjoy single player BUY THIS the gameplay is amazing straight out the gate but i prefer multiplayer games"
76561198240688424,Recommended,311690,24244487,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Magolord,Ever play TBOI and wondered to yourself: I wonder what it would be like to fight Hush as the first boss!Welcome to Enter The Gungeon.
,Recommended,311690,24265848,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Phoenix [B²],"I just... I just can't stop playing... one more time, one more level... Maybe I'll get farther this time."
76561197960380948,Recommended,311690,24268904,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,xellas84,"Enter the Gungeon is basically what happens if you take Binding of Issac and cross it with a Touhou game directed by Michael Bay.  Very entertaining, highly challenging (Over 2k hours in BoI and I am still getting wrecked in Gungeon), and plenty of amusing tooltips and tongue in cheek humor to amuse even after delving pretty deep in.  Not a perfect game, but well polished gameplay makes up for minor flaws."
,Recommended,311690,24267631,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Hingle McCringleberry,"After playing ludicrous amounts of Binding of Issac and enjoying myself immensely, I was looking for another rogue-like I could play and enjoy casually on occasion.This was not the game I was looking for.In order to have a satisfying experience, you've got to seriously commit to this game. It is ♥♥♥♥ING HARD, and it cuts zero slack. Ammo management, rare health drops, large projectile hitboxes, harsh RNG, and real Ikaruga-level bullet hell gameplay are some defining parts of the experience. Something noticibly lacking are any serious synergies between passive abilities, but that isn't so bad, mainly because many passives and weapons are reasonably interesting on their own anyway.This is not a bad game, but it basically lacks a lot of what I enjoyed so much about BoI, such as quick progression through levels, ridiculous item combinations, and gameplay that rewards more than just neo-levels of bullet dodging. In BoI, knowing secrets and strategizing/gambling with resources goes a long way. Perhaps it's just my limited playtime, but I've seen very little of that in Enter the Gungeon.In short, this game is good, but it is NOT just gun themed Binding of issac. Not even close. If you like one you might not like the other."
,Recommended,311690,24189476,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,THE CYBER,"Best dungeon crawler I've played, if you like old school shoot em ups like contra, or other dungeon crawlers like The binding of isaac; this game is for you."
,Recommended,311690,24215049,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jerry The Rat,"The game is not bad, but it would be 10000000x times better if it had ONLINE MUTIPLAYER not only some stupid co-op :("
,Recommended,311690,24217687,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,tomtheturkey,Remeber the 5 D's    ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Dodge! Duck! Dip! Dive! Dodge!That is the key to victory
76561197978858156,Recommended,311690,33446207,Posted: 10 July,all,Gatling Gull,Pulls you in and will not spit you out. Such an incredibly complex and well-made game which forces you to learn the patterns and 'git gud'.
,Recommended,311690,33441636,Posted: 10 July,all,Nachobot,Very challeging and fun
76561198063850423,Recommended,311690,33267547,Posted: 5 July,all,Draxx. Them. Sklounst.,"A fantastic rogue-lite game with a ""guns blazing"" attitude, it's biggest, and in my opinion, only real issue being the actual replayability factor once you reach a certain point. Basically, the runs start feeling a little too ""samey"" as time goes on. This issue mostly being rooted in the lack of synergy between most of the items you get. Often times, it feels like items aren't helping eachother help you, but just helping you a little bit. There are some times (mostly on very lucky runs where the game basically throws items at you) where you will get some weapons that work well together, or with a passive and the stuff you can pull off feels amazing! But for the most part, because of the lack of weapons, items, or playable characters  working together in a unique way, the runs will feel so familiar so often.Either way, you will most certainly get your money's worth easily even at full price, especially if this is your type of game. But this would be among a few of the rogue-lites I would recommend to someone new in the genre.8.75/10"
,Recommended,311690,33279323,Posted: 5 July,all,RileThunder,"While Gungeon isn't exactly the hardest thing I have played, it was nonetheless challenging and fun still. The different varieties of guns, while some of them are far too gimmicky, add a bit more to the challenge and fun aspect of the game.In terms of visuals and aesthetics, I really loved them! Very vibrant and simple, yet pleasing to look at!Soundtrack is just simply too good to pass up! Planning to buy the soundtrack someday!10/10, really damn good game!"
76561198101841895,Recommended,311690,33278576,Posted: 5 July,all,Sean SEAN SSSSSSEAN,Gud Game.
,Recommended,311690,33321938,Posted: 6 July,all,Captain Bizarro Murphy,I hate this game. A git gud game. 10/10 Online co-op would be amazing!
,Recommended,311690,33324169,Posted: 6 July,all,Noobix Cube,This game gave me an irrational fear of fire10/10 would lose 3 hearts and 2 armor to unstoppable fire again
76561198079481031,Recommended,311690,33352717,Posted: 7 July,all,NesQu1k,Pls no JFK
,Recommended,311690,33262465,Posted: 4 July,all,G o n e  A w a y.,"I was hooked on this game instantly. Very fun, and very challenging."
,Recommended,311690,33285729,Posted: 5 July,all,Morbrak,"This game feels so nice to play, unlike many other roguelikes that work on a grid system, Enter the gungeon really steps up its controls and make the gameplay that much more fun, i've spent about 12 hours on this game and i think i've had duplicate guns , probably about 4 times for the enter 12 hours and i've got tons more to unlock, i highly reccommend this game endless hours of fun."
,Recommended,311690,33281967,Posted: 5 July,all,Fresh Kimchi,Got past floor one after an hour! Beating the first boss took some strategy but was fun. Incredible game.
,Recommended,311690,31921977,Posted: 23 May,all,miblan,"♥♥♥♥ this game....This makes the binding of isaac the easiest game everBut it is SOOOO GREAT, SO ADDICTIVE ANDFUN!BTW: I can't make it past the 4nth floor..."
,Recommended,311690,32887500,Posted: 27 June,all,Eneergo,At first I was frustrated because of how buckshot I thought bosses were but after some time about 3 hours I knew a bit more how some of the bosses work and it became much easier even when I was dying a lot I still enjoyed this game this game does a lot of things just great the the pixel art style matches this game perfectly...In short just a GREAT game :)
76561198090552993,Recommended,311690,33299964,Posted: 5 July,all,GeneralBonobo,"Cute and silly enemies, progressively getting scarrier and more diffcult. The game play is wonderful, especially for those who enjoy bullet hell type of games. The rogue like element reminds me a lot of FTL, where most of the time you are running at a deficit. However, differently from FTL, you can always pull yourself out of a hole with clever dodging and good reflexes. Weapon and item variety adds a lot of flavor to the game.If you are looking for a challenging, interesting, yet casual game, this is it!"
,Recommended,311690,33370522,Posted: 8 July,all,Ilyaki,It's dangerous to go alone.Take this bullet that shoots guns that shoots bullets that hit bullets which hold guns that shoot bullets into you
76561198081602310,Recommended,311690,33407888,Posted: 9 July,all,Shadowpaw,"There's a lot of rogue-likes going around these days, but few of them are really up to scratch.Enter the Gungeon however is one of those few.Nice art style. Solid controls. Crazy bullet hell difficulty. A good amount of collectables. And its own silly type of humour.If you want something that is similar to Binding of Isaac, then this is certainly a good choice."
76561198013230399,Recommended,311690,33431862,Posted: 10 July,all,arcling,"Took me 61 hours to finish just one player's past. Uninstalled it and swore I would stop playing at least 20 times. It's really hard, and the pacing doesn't give you a lot of reward for persevering towards the end. But the first 30 hours are lots of fun, and the next 30 would be fun, if you had the self control to spread them out over a few weeks."
76561198126837282,Recommended,311690,33420269,Posted: 9 July,all,MatTheCrazyGuy,A bizarre and colorful equivalent to the Binding of Isacc!
,Recommended,311690,33391627,Posted: 8 July,all,Makio Man,If you have Hoplophilia you'll get an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ every 5 seconds.
76561198049619934,Recommended,311690,33427463,Posted: 10 July,all,Aradia,"There's a dragon which throws knives at you, and said knives pull out assault rifles and start shooting at you.If that doesn't sound awesome to you, I don't know what will."
76561198368944263,Recommended,311690,31987755,Posted: 26 May,all,ramblerers,"I like this game have it on my PS4, played it liked it. I highly recommend this game because it has good humor, RPG elements, replayability. Also if you like Binding of Isaac then get this immediatly if you can."
,Recommended,311690,31968365,Posted: 26 May,all,Monty Hall,"You know it's a good game when you can suck, make no progress, die repeatedly and enjoy every second of it."
76561198256543315,Recommended,311690,31983907,Posted: 26 May,all,ivofidel,me encantooo
,Recommended,311690,31988657,Posted: 26 May,all,NYEHKITTEH,SO GOOD!!! im terrible at it but ITS SO GOOD! FOR ANYONE WHO OWNS THE BINDING OF ISACC THIS IS IT BUT WITH GUNS!
,Recommended,311690,31981367,Posted: 26 May,all,Nano,So...cool and weird
76561198071451194,Recommended,311690,31994885,Posted: 27 May,all,ArmedWombat,Great bullet-hell game with high difficulty.
76561198184737154,Recommended,311690,32010042,Posted: 27 May,all,Oblue,If your not perfect within the first floor you would want to restart10/10
76561198319637749,Recommended,311690,31950529,Posted: 25 May,all,TheMagicalMotherfocker,classic bullet hell
,Recommended,311690,31950794,Posted: 25 May,all,sefer1988,"Very good and addicted game!!! I dont have much comment, just some experience with it+ RNG!!! Heavy RNG!! You could come to the first boss room with default gun (because all chest are mimic), or with the gun that can kill it wiht 10 hits.+ Dont give up too easy if you die many times in the first hour (you will, for sure). For me, the bulletkin (basic enemy) killed me on the very first room I entered, and then took me 3 hour to kill the first boss.+ You will get better after each run, if not, try with the controller and make sure to turn on the cursor for it, I dont know why they turn off it by defaul, made me hard to aim in first few hours.+ All character is good, but for the beginner, Marine is great!!+ Tons of NPC to rescuse, 2 hidden characters and hundreds of gun and items to unlock, it will take you many hours before you know it.+ Find the wiki and read it, I found some good information on wiki, especially with unlock list."
,Recommended,311690,31428510,Posted: 28 April,all,DaDerp,"This is the most fun that I had in a long while. The gameplay is on point, the guns make me laugh, the puns are epic, and the floors are hard (Meaning it's a challenge). I love the creativity of this game and just the game in general. I could go on and on about how good this game truley is, but Tl:Dr, it gets a 10/10."
76561198374279594,Recommended,311690,31902385,Posted: 22 May,all,Fallingshoe,"I shot a shotgun shell that shot shotguns that shot shotgun shells at a shotgun shell holding a shotgun that shot a shotgun shell at me...                                      this game is fun, you should buy it."
,Recommended,311690,31910073,Posted: 22 May,all,Nollidman,about 20 hours in i finally beat the first level taken the next 20 hours for the second.    best 8/10 game i've ever played
76561198217197383,Recommended,311690,31910140,Posted: 22 May,all,SLingLich,Shoot bulletsMade of gunsThat shoot bulletsAll out of a gunThat looks like a bulletAt a bulletDon't forget to dodge the bullets
76561198063887358,Recommended,311690,31922772,Posted: 23 May,all,fulps,"Very cute game,...and VERY challenging.I´d say u can´t compare it to Binding of Isaac, which is kinda easy in terms of skill though.Personally I think u need a good amount of luck to be at least able to defeat the dragun.But luck is rare...really really rare. Even if u play one or two stages flawlessly, u can´t count on extra drops.Ammo is kinda rare too, but i strongly suggest to use new weapons by the third stage. Just spare all your blanks and one good weapon for the boss.I like this game.The main flaw is: Even if your skill is good (i don´t know about high skilled player) your success depends on the amount of luck. That´s what i dont like. I can´t imagine winning this game, with little to no luck at all."
76561198271829563,Recommended,311690,32026101,Posted: 28 May,all,Guinness9697,"this game is higly addictive, its wacky enemies and guns make gamplay fun and refreshing,if you are looking for a challange but a game you can also chill while playing i definitely reccomend it.Its very fun to play a game like this as most games now days are fast passed shooters.but it would be cool if there was a multiplayer."
76561198060468443,Not Recommended,311690,28167060,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Movantic Moment,too difficult.permadeath no option to respawntoo many bad item cheststoo few good itemshorrible starting weapons
76561198084793093,Recommended,311690,32040078,Posted: 29 May,all,Crafty,"It's basically a child friendly binding of Isaac, and we know how much YouTube loves their child friendly content8/10"
76561197961725247,Recommended,311690,32061681,Posted: 30 May,all,tearz,One word.. Addictive.
76561198365129161,Recommended,311690,32051270,Posted: 29 May,all,AdamJEmcee,This is by far my favorite game on the planet. i have beaten the game but still continue to play it because of its massive replayability. 6 out of 5 stars :)
76561198199448674,Recommended,311690,32082997,Posted: 31 May,all,max,Good and very interesting game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
,Recommended,311690,32056665,Posted: 29 May,all,i love minecraft,WOW this game really knodcked my socks off!!! i liked that part in it!
76561198000556363,Recommended,311690,32062141,Posted: 30 May,all,ReD-EyeD,Like Skyrim with guns ©
,Recommended,311690,32121619,Posted: 1 June,all,cozy daemon,"Wonderful game. Buy it if you even remotely like roguelikes and bullet hell games. The music and art style, too, are wonderful."
76561198042813347,Recommended,311690,32113831,Posted: 1 June,all,Akninirith,"Never before has the ratio of bullets to enjoyment been so high with such a high baseline enjoyment level at the outset. Make no mistake, there may be games out there which feature more guns or gun components than this one; the author simply does not know of their existence.In short, buy if you like shooting things."
,Recommended,311690,32118881,Posted: 1 June,all,Hetty,WOW I can’t believe how much fun to play this game is… If you liked Binding of Isaac and Nuclear throne. You will absolutely love this game. There are sooo many different types of enemies and hundreds of guns. Different characters kind of change the play style of each round and since each round is different you can play the game over and over again. It is a lot of fun to explore and as you play and slowly learn the game you’ll already have many hours into the game. Just like binding of isaac you’ll easily be able to sink 100s of hours into this game and the price tag isn’t very high either. In my opnion this game is totally worth it you will easily get your value of $1 = 1 Hour of Gameplay.
,Recommended,311690,32131758,Posted: 2 June,all,Mellowjello,"This game gives me silent rage.But I still love it.Also I would give the game a ""gun that shoots guns that shoot bullets that kill bullets / 10"""
,Recommended,311690,32131057,Posted: 2 June,all,atomwan,"I am really bad at this game, but it is always very enjoyable on every run no matter how bad I do. It's like a more in-depth Nuclear Throne"
,Recommended,311690,32147090,Posted: 3 June,all,Vonschiessa,"Can't get enough of this game. I see some negative comments saying that it's hard and yes I will agree to a point. The bosses can be tricky at times, but they do follow patterns in their attacks. That being said, this is a BULLET HELL game. You are going to die at some point. But half the adventure is starting over with a new set of weapons each round. A few tips to those who want to buy this.1. It's got an incredible amount of variety, lot of references to other games.2. This is a bullet hell, if you aren't able to dodge a freakish amount of bullets or deal with it then consider a different game to start you off.3. This is a roguelike, if you die, you lose all of your things for that round. It doesn't carry over. That being said, the variety of guns mentioned earlier gives it a lot of replay.I'd recommend this game to anyone with some good hand eye coordination and a willingness to play differently most run throughs.I've got 103 hours on record, all the characters and special endings, and most of the guns. I still find myself going back to this game as an easy and not-commital way to destress from a long day. Happy Gungeoning all!"
76561198054526025,Recommended,311690,32136356,Posted: 2 June,all,solfeggio,"A very good game, great gameplay, good storyline, fine visuals. A beautiful and fun game. Its difficult, but well balanced."
,Recommended,311690,32140648,Posted: 2 June,all,☯ Gary,Really fun addictive gameplay. Only negative imo is that sometimes controls can be a bit annoying and require some tweaks.9/10
76561198257953861,Recommended,311690,32141016,Posted: 2 June,all,CarOpossum,"WARNING: I AM A BAD SPELLER. 4 starts. DEVELOPERS PLZ ADD CONTROLER SUPPORT FOR MAC AND PC. Also this game i thought would be better with online multiplayer. I thought that this game was very fun. my friend introduced  me to it on his ps4 and we played for a while, the realized that the game was also on pc. so we bought it.  I liked it becuase i could use my keyboard and mouse instead of a controler (just personl preference, I also do not like console as much as pc) but if you pefer controlers then you will have to wait because this game does not have controler support.  However even with these downsides i still think that it is worth the fifteen dollars."
,Recommended,311690,24954519,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Lep,"Absolutely.Enter the Gungeon is a roguelike bullet hell that is completely gun themed. Your goal is to dodge, dip, dive, duck, and dodge roll your way through the Gungeon, attempting to kill your past.The game takes many elements from past rogue lites like Binding of Isaac (BoI) and throws a gun theme on them. There's a lot of creativity with the items you pick up and the enemies you can encounter. You'll have runs where you pick up a normal gun like the M1 or the Tommy submachine gun, and then you'll have runs where you'll get a lowercase r that shoots the letters B U L L E T. There's plenty of variety that you'll be seeing new items on runs long after you've grasped the basics. One thing I think they can improve upon is adding more items that have a major impact on your run. There's plenty items that are strong enough to carry you, but that's not necessarily what I mean. A perfect example of a run transforming item would be Spice, which buffs you initially, but becomes more dangerous and more common as you progress once you take it. It forces you to make a decision that will have an impact on the rest of the run. The game needs more items like Spice mix things up.The levels are procedurally generated, which helps keep the game from feeling repetitive. There's plenty of secret rooms to search for and NPC's that only appear every couple of dungeons help to keep things interesting. Once you've done a number of runs you'll start to notice a couple rooms that appear frequently and have the same enemy spawns, but it's not too big of an issue.The games overall difficulty is pretty high. It does call itself a bullet hell, and you'll definitely face a hard learning curve when you start playing. Most of the bosses feel appropriate for the gungeon level they are at (besides you Ammoconda!), they'll definitely kick you around a bit but you'll get used to their patterns after a few tries. It might take you a while to get the hang of things, but don't despair, once it clicks you'll be running circles around the Gungeon.If you've been looking for a new roguelike to sink some time in, look no further than Enter the Gungeon."
,Recommended,311690,32163741,Posted: 3 June,all,Blur,This game is so good that for 30 glorious minutes it makes me forget that my dad is probably going to beat me when he gets home.
,Recommended,311690,32156297,Posted: 3 June,all,Cilic,Everything is gun-related.Actually pretty hard.
,Recommended,311690,32161598,Posted: 3 June,all,ya boi egbert,"Amazing game. Would recommend. The graphics and audio is superb and the bosses and the cult of the gundead are very inventive. However, this game is extremely difficult to new players (I can't get pass the third bosses) and some gundead have the most annoying attacks. Once you learn the attack patterns of bosses it really helps."
76561198255622859,Recommended,311690,30455780,Posted: 11 March,all,Server_Error,"Really like the game. Not easy, but fun. :)"
76561198079485275,Recommended,311690,28727322,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,protosora9000,take a tiny pinch of dark souls and touhou and viola you get enter the gungeon.salty and fun
76561198283328139,Recommended,311690,28657658,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,caillou,I really appreciate this game and I greatly recommend it .There are a lot of things to do in this game to reach the real end.Moreover news content are coming soon.
,Recommended,311690,30951056,Posted: 4 April,all,Morwyn,Enter the Gungeon is one of the most fun games I've ever played.Pros:-Great art++++-Great sound track-Tons of enemies and guns and items-Tons of bosses-Fun gameplay loop-Interesting characters-Free DLCNeutral:-Really difficult (this is a pro for me but not for everyone)All in all I'd give this game a 10/10 for a rougelite. Honestly I can't think of any flaws.
,Recommended,311690,27422858,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dj Lol,"The Binding of Issac : Rebirth but with GUNSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSOne of my and possibly all time favourite indie game! The developers are awesome, always replying to bugs/glitches on /r/EnterTheGungeonKeeps you entertained for hours on end, even the upcoming DLC is going to be free!"
76561198253708816,Recommended,311690,27587266,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Legends of Jacob,This game is very intense and time consuming but is very fun. The bosses are a bit challenging as you are constantly panicking about the screen filled with bullets. Although this game is difficult every time I play I find something new that is really cool.
,Recommended,311690,27580914,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,D3ATHSCOPE,"Not a rapper,but when I say ""Fun with Guns""...I really F*CKIN MEANT IT..."
,Recommended,311690,27613014,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Flinn,"Amazing gameplay, just needs online multiplayer to be perfect....best roguelike I have played in a while."
,Recommended,311690,27612722,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JuNe,interesting game~-random dungeon-character unlock-random weapon
76561198065414596,Recommended,311690,27564078,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheBaconFace,The best way to sum up this game is that its Binding of Issac meets bullet hell
,Recommended,311690,27560944,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,thieux24,very fun. takes a long time. die alot but extremely fun
76561198129560440,Recommended,311690,27561040,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Somari,"This game is AMAZING, pretty challenging at times, and (almost) EVERYTHING is a gun. 10/10"
76561198020875000,Recommended,311690,27571257,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,S8n,gud
76561198033909112,Recommended,311690,27572190,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zephyr Cove,"Enter the Gungeon is strong on guns, weak on bullets, and entirely too hard. 8/10. Always practice good safety."
,Recommended,311690,27580504,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rocket Snail,"For anyone wondering, PLAY THIS GAME! The fastest paced dungeon crawler that you'll ever play, and you'll always run at 60 fps. Seriously, i have a really crap computer, and I can still run this at a pristine speed. Just get it. Nao."
76561198139436140,Recommended,311690,27644616,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Taz,"If you're in the mood for a challenging yet rewarding game; this is a great choice. The game has a good sense of progression with you slowly getting further and further into the gungeon; defeating different enemies and bosses with a big variety of weapons and useful items that you need to unlock. The gunplay is satisfying and fun with you taking shots at enemies and using the dodge roll to evade bullets. If you're not a fan of rogue-lites(or rogue-likes?) or bullet-hell games; you probably won't like it. I could also see some people finding the game repetitive since you're mostly just shooting and dodging enemies, but otherwise it's a fun game with good controls and a good amount of content. I recommend it."
76561198024943944,Recommended,311690,27634067,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mako,2 minutes in I can tell this game will have me hooked for days to come. 6 out of 6 bullets
,Recommended,311690,27635147,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FireCrack-Senpai,Good game with guns =)
76561198087829804,Recommended,311690,27827558,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yoyopa,"This game is amazing, I love it in every aspect, It's fun, fast paced, satisfying and addictiveThe art style is great and the massive use of the bullet theme is welcomeIt is a great bullet hell with a good difficulty and requires skill over hoping you get a good itemthe soundtrack is amazing and fitting and the bosses are creative and funand that's even without mentioning the amount of guns and refrences (and creative guns)"
,Recommended,311690,28662132,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,LooneyPwnder,"Oml, if you love RPG Games or 8 bit games with amazing audio behind it and funny developers, this is the game for you. If you even clicked it, it's the game you want. This game, is so amazing, I'm going to spend HOURS On it. MORE than I had on CS:GO. And That's. A. Lot. I love this game. When I first played it, my mouth went above my head, my chins went above my mouth, my pants got a mountain, and my mouth full of spit, I then started to cry as I slowly killed the little bullet man. Then I raised my head and got out of my chair, and screamed, ""FINALLY"" a game with some humor and some ACTION.  Download this game, it's worth $50, idk why it's 5 or 10 whatever just get the game. DOWNLOAD IT. RIGHT NOW. GET IT. DO IT. CLICK PURCHASE. YOU WONT REGRET IT. THE BOSSES HAVE BIRDS WITH MINIGUNS... MINIGUNS. AND THEY GET BUFF! REAL BUFF! BUY THIS GAME! DO IT! DO IT RIGHT NOW! DO IT!"
,Recommended,311690,28681015,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,GRUM<3,this game is fun cause it has an arcadey feel to it with both the mechanics plus the artwork but yet it is still really thought trough with alot of little secrets and cool things 10/10
,Recommended,311690,28643815,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Spagooti,"Guns. Lots and lots of guns. Spent a good amount of time playing this game, and continue to do so. Always different runs and guns, making the game addictive. A good purchase 10/10 would reccomend"
,Recommended,311690,28653580,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sizzle Manslap,It's ok.
,Recommended,311690,30981025,Posted: 6 April,all,BORT,"fun as hell bullethell roguelike. faster Binding of Isaac, i enjoyed it more although it has less replay value."
76561198080382782,Recommended,311690,28931418,Posted: 1 January,all,LU - 15,"I recommend it, very nice game and storyBut if ur not that kind of guy who grinds in the game then sorryI give it 8/10"
76561198208247925,Recommended,311690,29097728,Posted: 7 January,all,Vento,Old King hardest boss ever 4/4.20
,Recommended,311690,29070877,Posted: 6 January,all,Bluster The Spookily Benevolent,"Great game, but very challenging"
,Recommended,311690,29092984,Posted: 7 January,all,RhythmGhost,Lots and lots of fun. I have nothing bad to say about this game. Even co-op is fun! :D
,Recommended,311690,28816219,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DanGaDan,10/10 Would die to a stray bullet again. It's fine. I've only died 62 times. I've got it this time though.
76561198147532507,Recommended,311690,28812240,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Alguem Namora CMG,good
,Recommended,311690,28813014,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,FriskyWhiskee,"Very fun, interesting take on the bullet hell genre with plenty of difficulty."
76561198033300287,Recommended,311690,28922246,Posted: 1 January,all,OnlyKrugForgives,"Fun to play now and then, but really needs some-more short-term incentives (total/all-time-best stats/whatever) to keep playing between those tougher progress markers (characters, elevators, beating bosses, etc).  A daily challenge would be nice too."
76561197991979658,Recommended,311690,29076279,Posted: 6 January,all,Paul Fisch,Best top down Roguelite on the market right now.
76561198110694072,Recommended,311690,29058046,Posted: 6 January,all,MemesDotPng,"9/10For years people have been wondering if there would ever be a game more unforgiving than Hotline Miami, but now, Enter the gungeon. From when you first play the game, you'll see the games tactics and rules, like an enemy system based entirely off of luck, an invulnrebility dodge roll system (That sometimes doesn't work,) a variety of guns, (half of which you'll have to unlock through hundreds of playthroughs,) NPS, (that you'll have to get to the second level to unlock,) a currency system so broken that you will end up getting a few ingame currency pieces for clearing one room, (Meanwhile you will need around 30 to buy anything,) and no checkpoints. Experience a game style more unforgiving than Hotline Miami, FTL: Faster Than Light, and all the XCOM games combined. Play with a friend, whom will be absolutely useless due to confusion over whos bullets are from your friend, and whose is from the enemies', which you will spend hours at a time to get to the second level. Or unlock the shortcut, in which case you will have to give up 120 coins and 3 keys, (All at once of course.) Erase your past, or get stuck on the first level because you keep getting the bullet king as a boss battle. Open chests, with keys you get from either having alot of money, or depending on lock picks that only work around 1/3 of the time. Fight all enemies, while you only usually have 6 hits until you die with health pickups incredibly rare or super expensive, and a shopkeeper that wont let you test out any of the guns, or he'll double the price of everything, (May i remind you that you only very rarely get around 7 coins in a single room,) and alt f4 every time you die because the death animation is way too long and annoying that you decide that restarting the game would be easier and faster than sitting through it, until your toxicity crushes in on you and you actually die of frustration in real life. Get through levels, or just the first level, until you die by that wierd iron mummy thing on the second level and you have to restart at the entrance to the first level. Become rich, with the nonexistant method of earning money, you can get 5 coins and be considered rich, (Because apparently there is a galaxy wide economic depression somehow.) For a total score i give this a 9/10."
76561198024881366,Recommended,311690,29068222,Posted: 6 January,all,Sneipo,"Let me tell you: this game is hard as HELL.Playing +40h and couldn't get it done yet. The thing is, the gameplay is so addictive that manages to keep you playing even with all the frustration of dying over and over.I swear to god if i don't finish this sh*t i won't have peace. (help?)"
76561198136478896,Recommended,311690,25652199,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Broken Leg Fish,"This is probably the best you're gonna get from an indie game and to be honest, its more than I would ask for.Enter the Gungeon is a rogue-like. Kind of like a gun/bullets themed Binding of Isaac as there are floors with a bunch of rooms that lead to a boss room which leads to the next floor and so on.The aesthetic is very colourful and the pixel art is really pretty to look at. On top of that, the animations for enemies, bosses, etc. are well coordinated to the point that its possible to tell whats going on even when theres a bunch of stuff on the screen.But dont let the up-beat graphics, music and witty humor fool you, this game is hard. You'll be dying on the first floor for quite awhile if this is you're first rogue-like. But this game has a good enough balance between luck and skill, meaning thaf if you wana win, you gotta git gud. And thats fine, it adds to the overall experience of the game because when you do beat the part that you were struggling with, it makes it so much more rewarding.Over all, Enter the Gungeon is a very solid game thats worth every single penny.TLDR;- Great rogue-like- Great visuals- Great music- Easy to pick up, hard to masterEdit: Apparently the devs are gonna add some guns, rooms and bosses soo thats another plus :)"
,Recommended,311690,28926492,Posted: 1 January,all,WarpfaceX,"Insanely fun with great back stories to almost every item. The coop is pretty good, would be amazing if it was online but it's still pretty great. So many items, hours of fun. LIke the Binding of Isaac but more in depth."
,Recommended,311690,28894924,Posted: 1 January,all,SoupMurder,One of the greatest dungeon crawler games of all time a perfect balance of baddassery and conservation of supplies. No multiplayer though so get it on sale.
76561198152085199,Recommended,311690,29151748,Posted: 9 January,all,Nahtanoj,"Amazing game! A little difficult but if you like that, this is good for you! But to the creator, can you make it a little less laggy?"
,Recommended,311690,29156727,Posted: 9 January,all,Tie,This game is awesome fun and hard as hell if you are into dungeon crawl bullet hell games. Great humor and lots of replayability.If you are a dev and reading this: in the open_Beta for the new boss Mine Flayer after you defeat him the guy in the breach doesn't have any new to say like when you defeat other bosses for the first time.
76561198058742922,Recommended,311690,29113144,Posted: 8 January,all,00theduke00,Awesome game and awesome guns.
,Recommended,311690,29108939,Posted: 7 January,all,WokNation,At least I will always have bullets.
,Recommended,311690,29109028,Posted: 7 January,all,greater_nemo,"Look, this game rules. I love twin-stick shooters, they're my bread and butter. So I can tell you from experience that after playing some really mediocre twin-stick games and some really excellent ones, this one is a joy to play. The controls are so impossibly tight that I could not ask for more. Your default movement options are ""run around"" and ""dodge roll"", and if you have the dexterity, you can dodge roll in a totally different direction than the one you've been running in.And that's enough.Everything about this game oozes style and care and forethought on the part of the developers. I'd give this a double yes if I could."
76561198145138717,Recommended,311690,29106450,Posted: 7 January,all,who,"Really enjoying this game. It is quite challenging, but it is definetely worth honing your skills to get through it! Will entertain for hours"
,Recommended,311690,29110004,Posted: 8 January,all,Zek,"Very fun, and addictive."
,Recommended,311690,29175996,Posted: 10 January,all,pftjschute,"This game speaks to me on so many levels. Mostly the first one.But seriously, I can't recommend this game enough. It's a fun game, and also a legit piece of art. It will make you laugh, and rage. It's a game that gets in your head and stays there, because it's a surprisingly fun game to think about.There are those who say the game is hard. Listen to them. Playing it reminds me of playing Sonic on my older brother's Sega - it had these cutesy graphics, but I kept dying because I was like five and it was flipping impossible. Sometimes this game feels like that, but it gets better. And besides, the game does have a luck-based component, meaning that even early out when (""IF"") you're bad, you'll still get lucky (a feature I would have liked in Sonic when I wasn't player 2).EtG is wacky and fun. I'd recommend playing with a friend and a controller if you have one, but you can git gud with a mouse and keyboard, too. Also, this game is only getting better. The devs are currently working on a free update, and the open beta is already really good. I'd say buy this game, or at the very least buy it on a sale. You'll probably love it, and at the very least won't regret it."
,Recommended,311690,29253623,Posted: 14 January,all,⭐Mr. Adventure⭐,"Its like The Binding Of Issac.But instead of playing as a crying child who likes to play dressup, you play as 4 Diffrent Badasses, a living bullet with a cape, a robot, and a goofy cultist.Instead of reciveing items that gives your tears more powers, you grab guns...lots of them and shoot your foes down with no mercy.Instead of being dark/sad/disturebing/etc, its epic/awsome/badass.And instead of fighting bosses that are demonic, mutant, horrifing, etc, you fight a Living Bullet that is a king, a dragon...made out of bullet shells, and more."
,Recommended,311690,29256469,Posted: 14 January,all,RedEye,"You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig."
,Recommended,311690,29282619,Posted: 15 January,all,Cole,Like The Binding of Isaac but more bullet-hell and harder. Tons and tons of weapons and items that make each new run interesting. Prepare for difficulty. Also great soundtrack is worth mentioning.
,Recommended,311690,31039441,Posted: 9 April,all,ProGamerTim,Although I haven't put as many hours into this game as others may have it is still amazing and is worth a try if you enjoy bullet-hell games. It's quite difficult to get a grip on (as I still have not managed to reach the fifth floor yet) but after you play for a while you'll gradually get better.What makes the game more fun is being able to unlock secret floors and items which can help you later on in the same run or on a different one.So overall if you enjoy difficult bullet-hell type games then you will for sure like Enter The Gungeon.(Results may vary)
76561198096203676,Recommended,311690,30025459,Posted: 18 February,all,NoNameNed,"Great game where you explore a gun themed dungeon, shoot gun themed enemies with your guns, tons of cool stuff. This game reminds me of binding of isaac"
76561198236870058,Recommended,311690,30110453,Posted: 22 February,all,Dabb on them haters,AWESOME GAME!
76561198055994887,Recommended,311690,29978269,Posted: 16 February,all,xLyfa,xd lots of bullets and rawr bullet monsters XD good fun
,Recommended,311690,29978616,Posted: 16 February,all,Sykonro,"Personally, I love this game. It's a nonsense dungeon crawler, that somehow managed to mesh in a fairly interesting/semi detailed plot line. The game play is incredibly fun, very little learning curve, with just the right amount of challenge that keeps you coming back for more. The reward system adds to the fun and the little secrets it has made it all the more enjoyable to try and strive to complete them. 10/10 would reccomend. I will admit, it's incredibly unfortunate that there is no online and most likely wont be any in the future. But the local co op is extremely enjoyable with friends. Definitely try it out."
76561198339057337,Recommended,311690,31031518,Posted: 8 April,all,Dr. Jones,"This bullet hell game is in my opinion is extremely addicting, with a large array of guns/items/mobs, and very difficult to beat. Its one of those games you can play whenever you want, but will always bring you back wanting more. I would rate this game 10/10."
76561198272398367,Recommended,311690,27079003,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rhyc,Soild arcade shooter
,Recommended,311690,27432290,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,wunderRabbit,"I am yet to pass level 2. I don't know why I keep playing this game, but I love it!"
76561198138572170,Recommended,311690,27594075,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hammy XD,"A awesome bullet hell, but quite easy to get into. Don't let difficulty put you off, this game is amazing. I've already sunk quite a few hours into this game, and it keeps getting better. If you like this game, I can also recommend Nuclear Throne."
,Recommended,311690,28794260,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mezian,"I've spent a LOT of time into this game. It's really good, and definitely worth the money. Although it can get crazily difficult."
,Recommended,311690,28775115,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tortoos,"This game is interesting. It's quite fun to play, it controls well, and the art style is great. However, it has a few flaws that hold it back from achieving true greatness. Firstly, the drop rates are way too sparse. You gather new guns mostly through opening chests, which are locked. These chests require keys, and as many will attest, the drop rate of keys is significantly too low. To the developer's credit, they claim to be remedying that in an upcoming patch. However, it's not the only problem. Ammo and health drop very infrequently as well. This is especially a problem when it comes to ammo, as it means you must really conserve your ammunition until later  floors. This necessitates using your side arm for the majority of the first few floors in most cases, and that ends up being really boring. What is the point of getting new weaponry if you're really restricted as to when you can use it? This problem could be easily rectified by increasing the drop rates overall, and I feel like the game would be vastly improved for it.Secondly, Bosses are extremely durable. This makes fighting them an absolute slog, as you whittle away their mountains of health for several minutes before they finally succumb. This is not only not particularly fun to play, as it becomes extremely repetitive dodging the same patterns for several minutes as you slowly chip away at their health, but also compounds the ammo problem. SINCE bosses are so durable, they require insane amounts of ammunition to bring down, even from stronger guns. Lowering the health of the bosses would speed up the game, and make bosses from being an absolute chore, to really enjoyable encounters.Overall, Enter the Gungeon is a good game brought down by some poor design decisions. There are more I could list, such as armor counting against flawlessing a boss, and flawlessing being the only way to get additional hearts outside of the occasional item, but those problems aren't as severe as the previous two. If the developers would be more liberal with the drops, lower boss health, and really let players dive into their game instead of forcing them to play conservatively, this game could easily go from just good to great. I recommend you get this on sale if you're interested in it."
76561198170207769,Recommended,311690,28840736,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jellykidno,"The game would be so much better if you could save the game after completing a dungeon!I mean I don't really enjoy the levels being randomly generated, but it's the game style, but ffs let us have checkpoints or something so that we don't have to start all the way back at level 1"
,Recommended,311690,28785818,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Supreme Overlord hellcase.com,"This game is so good. However I am not good, i have played for about 3 hours and I still cant beat the first level. This game is good. Also I am just writing this to get the pillars of community badge, but this game is still great."
76561197988516609,Recommended,311690,28786554,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,buckbodger,"This is a game with GREAT POTENTIAL, it just needs some aspects to be TWEAKED, and while the game is MEANT TO BE A HARSH BULLET HELL, the PACE IS TOO SLOW for me to get any real enjoyment out of it. Yes the guns, the bullets monsters and the motif are spot on PERFECT.unfortunatly, you also NEED TO KEEP THE PLAYER HOOKED IN at their game, otherwise they will quite simply stop playing OR WORSE, request a refund, No game developer cherishes refunds. I WOULD GIVE THIS GAME A RECOMMEND but the numbers force me to put this game a half-hearted review sort of at the midway point.It is my hope that Devolver can make this game into, a just as exciting and wacky expierience, but with a larger audience width, so that this game can appeal to those who do not have the peak reaction time or badass-adness of a video game Ninja (I.e. me, WHY AM I SO BAD AT GAMES?!)"
,Recommended,311690,28821130,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Hanniboy9,"incredibly fun game, despise the controller support though"
76561197970508970,Recommended,311690,28734642,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,OttoVonDaddy,its fun
,Recommended,311690,28839517,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sqp,"Amazing, and very time consuming"
,Recommended,311690,28921235,Posted: 1 January,all,jokerdonut,5/7
,Recommended,311690,29573238,Posted: 29 January,all,NathanPandaGuy,"After playing 30 minutes of this game I am mind-blown. At the start I was like ''oh this is ok'' and now im like ''MATE I WILL REK YOU WITH MY LOWER-CASE LETTER R!!!! GATLING GULL MORE LIKE DEAD, ECKS DEEE!''"
,Recommended,311690,30074963,Posted: 21 February,all,Pikaman The OverLord,"When I first saw someone play this game I knew I wanted it ,but when I bought it the first thing I realized was IT WAS HARD AS LEAD! It has a random generated dungeon every run so one run you could find two epic chests in one floor but another you may find just some crap items ,also it has amazing replayability when you finaly get to the secind floor you could save an NPC to help you in your adventure by giving you special new items and opening up new shops for special items however like before I said it was hard but that is quite an understatement it took me several hours to finaly beat the first boss even longer to not get hit at all in this game you need to use any advantage you can get ,but even if you get junk items or none at all don't lose hope beating the boss will be hard but not impossible as any skilled player could turn any bad run and still win. So overall I would say that this is a game thet you will be laughing at it's amazing humor and crazy guns ,and screaming at how hard it is at the same time and I would recomend this game to anyone looking for a good hearted challenge."
76561197992190748,Recommended,311690,30071955,Posted: 20 February,all,Zechnophobe,"This is one of those games that really just flows. The kinematics of player control, movement speed of your avatar and the enemies and projectiles arrayed against you, and your own retaliatory gunfire all just sizzle perfectly right from the first moments. I've played few games that impressed me in such a short a time as Enter the Gungeon.Unlike many other roguelikes, you FEEL strong from the very start, though that impression wanes quickly as you encounter your first boss and subsequent levels. This feeling of power comes from enemies with seemingly hard to maneuver attacks that you effortlessly tumble away from.As the game ramps up difficulty, however, your ability to ramp with it is much less consistent. It's the one negative I truly have with the game, in that while you can generally defeat most challenges with your base weapons and skills, it can be off putting to be forced to. A lack of keys, or just underwhelming loot can often have you feeling oppressed by the random nature of upgrades - you get at most 2 freebies per floor.In general, you'll find this game is a blast for a few hours, but doesn't have the variability of other roguelikes that will make you want to keep coming back for more. I recommend it for those of ou who are fine with a good 5 to 10 hours of play, who aren't worried that they may never actually beat it. If you like closure though, this is maybe not going to sit well with you."
76561198173230918,Recommended,311690,30068016,Posted: 20 February,all,MoonIce708,very good i liked it alot but i still dont know how to use co op but its still very good
76561197963584381,Recommended,311690,30073257,Posted: 20 February,all,Iconoclast,"Ahh Enter the Gungeon, like a love letter to Roguelite fans. Fantastic gunplay, charming art style, and bursting with personality. Move over BoI, there's a new sheriff in town."
76561198192211843,Recommended,311690,30069908,Posted: 20 February,all,graphic design is my passion,THERES A MUTHA♥♥♥♥ING DOG!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,311690,30101691,Posted: 22 February,all,OOOOOF,One of The best indie games I've played
,Recommended,311690,30069258,Posted: 20 February,all,shotscat,I realy love this game the machanics are cool the enemys are creative and this game looks awsome with its 8-bit  graphic style. but i was kind of anoyed by the fact that it is close to impossible to replenish health and also it was anoying that you could  complete all the rooms on the floor your on exsept the boss and you'd only be able buy like one thing. But other than that this game was awsome.
,Recommended,311690,29984577,Posted: 17 February,all,TriPork,"First, lets get this out of the way. You will die. A lot. This game is very challenging, but you will get better as you play, so don't get discouraged if you feel like you're not getting anywhere at first. There is a lot to do in Enter the Gungeon, especially with the fairly recent ""Supply Drop"" content update, that not only added a bunch of new guns and items, but added some new endings, and challenge mode, which makes you feel like you're new to the game again. Enter the Gungeon has loads of replayability, even once you've unlocked everything, and is super fun once you've learned the ins and outs of everything. However the game is not perfect. Some things in the game could be better, such as minecarts, and some of the challenge mode modifiers could be more balanced (things may have changed by now). But these are pretty minor complaints, if you could even call them that. This game has placed its way near the top of the list of my favorite games. I give Enter the Gungeon a 9/10."
76561198142721769,Recommended,311690,29956038,Posted: 15 February,all,Aron,"Amazing game with nice bullet hell, good characters, good weapons, and good story. I'd rate 7/10 (could use an easier difficulty) but it is a very well made and entertaining game."
76561198116381505,Recommended,311690,29800932,Posted: 9 February,all,Behemoth,"I'm writing this review because I see that alot of people may be conflicted on buying this game, based on some negative reviews others have stated about it's flaws or difficulty.Enter the gungeon is a rogue-like bullethell and can go from simple to ""Please help me"" in a matter of seconds.the game is widely based on a mixture of skill and rng. rng portion being in the first section do you get a sufficient gun to match your skill, if you are like me (I do not play this on pc anymore and instead use console) and have been playing this fot 100s of hours, regardless of what you get, you can make it work. of course, there are some guns that are just blatantly and disturbingly bad, where you'd rather use your starting weapon than a nail gun or derringer. but that's the thing, it's a rogue-like, not all runs will be perfect. the game is challenging, it's intense, it forces you to learn and to adapt with different interchanging environments and groups of enemies that can frustrate you, but that's part in why this game is so good.More often than not, you can see obvious complaints about people wanting an easy mode, where in reality the game does not throw you into an immediate cluster ♥♥♥♥ (Unless using challenge multipliers) of insanity that you can't begin to comprehend how to beat the game when you buy it. The first floor is slow,  you can clear many of the rooms with your eyes closed and it's kind of like the way, as is a majority of video games, for you to get adjusted, as it is the first floor. unless your hand eye coordination is horrendous, it should be fairly simple.the game is chock full of references, secrets, and gun puns everywhere. some of which you may not find in your first 100 or so hours, but that's part of why it can attract so many different flavors of people. there's adorable enemies and charismatic npc's you can find, some (Like the shop keeper) not so much.The game has a beautiful way of making even the simplest of foes becoming a way for you to sigh in frustration as you lose half a heart, as you progress in the game you'll find that these enemies that you see on the first floor can comeback with a stronger clown patrol of enemies and before you know it, you spent so much time on the bigger boys that the lesser enemy becomes the problem. everything is so fluent and challenging, it's a real joy and a marvel of a game, an experience you might not get anywhere else.But of course this game has it's negatives, as of the new supply drop update you have more turds floating around in the pile of gold, as well as more gold but the former usually outweighing the latter.key gain can often be insufficient but I don't have much of a problem with that as my favorite is the pilot/secretsecrets, and unlocks are not clearly shown, as well as unlock methods, gun synergies etc. the difficulty gap from chamber 5 to (Spoiler) is pretty much unfathomable for a first attempt, as enemies you have never seen before will make you wish you didnt go there.Couple of secret areas are hard to get to, they explain themselves shortly afterwards.Boss of one of said secret areas is usually stronger than the weaponry and/or skill you have when you meet him.etc. etc.But the thing is, the negatives are in no way able to outweigh the positives, and some of which like synergies and such are easily bypassed by typing the gun name in google to bring up the wiki.There's so much more to this game that you honestly have to experience for yourself and I will finish this review off with a couple of tips for new and existing struggling players, there won't be a lot but I've gotten ""lead god"" on ps4 twice now and repeatedly done so on both accounts following unlocking it.My recommendations are:1. Use your rolls as if they're limited, if you can simply sidestep to dodge a bullet, do it. as rolling can put you in a panic or a worse situation than you were previously in.2. save your blanks for bossing situations, and once you get there, feel free to let lose with them. you get two blanks back at the start of the next floor, so I'd recommend making good use of the ones you have if you need to, don't eat damage if it's avoidable and if a move makes you obviously uncomfortable, blank it. but don't blank wildly, if you can dodge, dodge.3. adding on to number 2, the shopkeeper may not always sell the best things, but purchase keys as much as you can as they cost more later on and buy blanks from him if you think your gun is insufficient in minimalizing the time you'll be in the fight. more time in a boss room = higher chance of taking more damage, more blanks = less damage.4. in a situation where you're comfortable guns are out of ammo, never count out the underdogs. guns you may consider bad and yes, they may be bad, might actually come in handy. I've had so many runs with the phoenix I actually look forward to seeing it nowadays. use these low tier guns as your greatest assests when all else is avoidable. and never not pick up a gun if it's bad, if you find a sell creep or gun ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you can trade it in for money or another gun (requires two guns for one new gun)5. Treasure chests, the rarity scale is brown, blue, green, red, black. if you come across a brown chest, don't immediately open it, save your key and search around for another chest, see if the rarity may be higher, if you're a pilot, attempt a lockpick. also treasure chests may be mimics if you're familiar with them in other games, powerful enemies disguised as chests that attack you when you try to open them, brown chests that do not have locks on them that didn't spawn from beating a room, will always be a mimic, and even if a chest has a lock, give it a shot to the schnoze just in case, it's possible. I recommend using your starting gun, as some guns can break a chest with one shot.6.If you were a fan of games full of secrets, then this is for you. there are many hidden walls with goodies behind them that you need to use a blank (or get hit wearing armor) to open. if you shoot a wall with a gun that isn't your starter gun, it will crack, indicating a secret passage. so look around, explore a bit if you feel like ""huh could be something here"" be sure to aim for the middle of a wall as that's where the passage will be usually, think of it as how the doors are placed. and there are green/purple lanterns indicating an npc or a shrine of some sort, so check those rooms out if you can. but don't waste a key unless you have an adequate money supply for a shop/ or key supply if the door is locked. look around for better options or chests,I'm sure there's more tips I could offer, but they slip my mind at the moment, but I hope these can offer some help. good luck gungeoning, flyboy"
,Recommended,311690,29972942,Posted: 16 February,all,CrispyWizard,This game is like a crack dream!
,Recommended,311690,29987576,Posted: 17 February,all,NicolasNSane,"Fans of the procedural-generation loving 'Rogue-lite' genre who also happen to enjoy the frenetic, skill-based gameplay of 'bullet hell/shoot-'em-up' games should feel right at home with Enter the Gungeon.Offering up challenging but fair gameplay where your skill will ultimately win the day as you gain experience, Enter the Gungeon is augmented in the best of ways by a plethora of weapons, items, gear and level layouts to ensure that things never begin to feel too stale as you learn your way around the shifting halls. The loot with which you shoot in this game offers up a litany of zany, yet almost always enjoyable, variations on dealing death. Ricocheting lasers, flaming bullets, molotov launchers and even a giant shotgun shell that shoots small shotguns which fire their own personal rounds are just a few of the dozens of lethal options in the game. Add to this mayhem an equal number of passive items which can aid you in a variety of ways, like a simple thing such as immunity to poison or maybe something crazy like electric chains connecting every round you fire for a shocking twist. Not enough? Did I forget to mention the walking astronaut turtle who will follow you around and shoot things with you?Don't despair, though! You don't need all of these fantastic items to get through the game or even to enjoy it! Enter the Gungeon is challenging, but it is not insurmountable. Mastering the simple gameplay trick of the 'dodge roll' which makes you temporarily invulnerable to bullets as you glide past them, as well as knowing when to hold back and simply walk, will a great Gungeoneer make. Though Lady Luck plays a large role in whether you get help or not, you are never faced with impossible odds, and even when the going gets too tough you can use one of a rare commodity known as a 'Blank' to get out of jail free, wiping away all enemy bullets for a few moments to catch your breath. It's an adrenaline rush every time you experience a close call, and it's hard to resist the call of the Gungeon every time you fall to it.With developers who just recently updated the game with a wealth of new content for free and are still working to ensure everyone is content with this content, you can be sure that you'll want to come back to the Gungeon again and again (and again)."
,Recommended,311690,29996295,Posted: 17 February,all,Mackels The Mango,Giant Shotgun Shell that shoots shotguns: CheckMailbox gun: CheckEverything is gun related: CheckGun that fires the word B U L L E T: CheckAngry books trying to kill you: Check10/10 buy today and become a Gungeoneer!
76561197977802491,Recommended,311690,29996784,Posted: 17 February,all,GunslingerClyde,"Found a gun, shaped like a bullet, that shoots a gun that shoots bullets!Would want to find said gun again 10/10P.s. game is pretty hard but satisfying the better you get at it."
76561198120987625,Recommended,311690,31054464,Posted: 9 April,all,nachallee,i need a new contents!
76561198125668791,Recommended,311690,31053891,Posted: 9 April,all,Lucky101,Love this game but can it plz be locol network co-op and multiplayer co-op
,Recommended,311690,31043531,Posted: 9 April,all,Mr. Bronze,I really don't like a lot of parts of this game but theres just something that just brings me back to play it. I think it's fun and hard but it sucks at the same time. The game is good. 9/10.1
76561198243436194,Recommended,311690,31049730,Posted: 9 April,all,madturtle360,Pro tip if you have binding of issac get good at that first because this game is SOOOO hard.
,Recommended,311690,33338584,Posted: 7 July,all,Zferrell,One of the best games ever made!
,Recommended,311690,33012921,Posted: 29 June,all,Pepper Doggo™,"I'll review this game in three aspects:*Gameplay: How the game works mechanically.*Aesthetics: The audiovisual presentation of the game.*Challenge: The thought and detail put into the challenges presented to the player.== GAMEPLAY ==Enter the Gungeon is a fun game because of how simple the gameplay is: you shoot the baddies and avoid getting shot. The dodge roll adds a sense of timing and reaction to the game, and the table flipping makes it also feel tactical.The levels are generated procedurally, but a lot of thought was put into the generation algorithm: the dungeons simply pull you into exploring them, specially with how valuable every resource you can grab (currency, trinkets, guns) is.7/10 - Very Good== AESTHETICS ==The game's pixel art is cute, and that makes it very likeable. The lighting effects and animation also make the game feel modern and polished. Not much thought was put into the sound mix or the sound effects, sometimes the audio gets cluttered with generic gunshot sounds. The music is nothing spectacular either, but it gets the job done. The cheesy main theme and the narrator voice used in the game and in the trailers give a good first impression, and do an excellent job at setting the mood for the rest of the game.6/10 - Good== CHALLENGE ==The main challenge in the game is all about action and reaction: keeping track of all the bullets flying around and making sure you shoot the baddies at the same time. Every single projectile that will harm you is of a bright red light, some even blinking. Perhaps the most thoughtful choice made by the devs is to leave next to nothing related to the combat (besides some slight bullet deviation) up to RNG, and all to the player. This makes sure the player feels both empowered and in panic knowing that everything is up to them. Another challenge the game gives the player is adaptability: the bosses, items, and guns found through the game are random, and that means the player will have to pick up the way that guns work, what effects items have, and the bullet patterns shot by bosses and enemies very quickly. Giving the player a good and fair challenge is where this game shines.9/10 - Exceptional== FINAL SCORE ==7/10 - Very Good"
,Recommended,311690,33328194,Posted: 6 July,all,sentinal13031,"Really loving this game..each run is different,extremely hard and feel like raging everytime i die.Until you start the next game"
,Recommended,311690,32061376,Posted: 30 May,all,Jackd132,"Enter the Gungeon one of my top favorate roguelike games. it has tons of including lots of diffrent guns, characters, and enemys to fight. the room generation is great and gives at least some sence of chalange. i would recommend this to anyone with a copple of leftover bucks and maby even a friend to play with. 10/10 more than worth the money."
76561198095292085,Recommended,311690,33330623,Posted: 6 July,all,Tegano,Make sure to roll.
76561198169968367,Recommended,311690,33353287,Posted: 7 July,all,maksimovica,"From what I've played I love it. I usually go play an hour, take a break, go play for another hour and etc. The gameplay and music is great, it has personality, attetion to detail, tons of items, difficulty, unlockables and I haven't done most of it yet at all. I've only beaten the 4th floor boss once and unlocked the shortcut to floor 3. Trying to complete the 2nd secret area first."
,Recommended,311690,31887546,Posted: 21 May,all,Fortem Ratstrum,"So far, this game is amazing. The graphics, items, sounds, levels, are all top notch and set a standard for other indie games. Not only that but the gameplay is addictingly fun. Even when dying a bunch of times you still want to keep dodge rolling, shooting and just exploring the Gungeon.My only issue with the game thus far is the difficulty. It's hard to advance because of 1 bullet hitting you in the wrong time.I think there may be ways to make it less punishing.I personally would love something to swap starter weapons before entering the gungeon. If you guys could add something that makes it a lil easier to get hearts, that would be great too."
,Recommended,311690,33382798,Posted: 8 July,all,BOT J33f,"This game is cleverly hilarious, with a ton of great nerdy references, crazy weapons, and hard levels to play through.A great challenge and amusement."
,Recommended,311690,33384939,Posted: 8 July,all,Speed Weed VEVO skinhub.com,"Enter the Gungeon is a roguelite game that features 4 starter characters going through a ""gungeon"" ( a randomly generated dungeon) to get the bullet to kill the past. First of all, this game is tough. One of the key functions is a Dark Souls inspired roll mechanic which needs to be mastered in order to have a good chance of suceeding. I absolutely adore the cover mechanics such as flipping over tables. The soundtrack is decent also. Although, one big problem starts to show. The overall areas that are randomly generated always feel repetitive and that honestly kills my want to play through the rest of this game. I can recommend it as if you are able to get through it before it becomes painful to play through it is fun.Objective Score: 6.5Personal Score: 5.7"
,Recommended,311690,33384957,Posted: 8 July,all,Magical Incompetence,The game is something I would recomend to basicly anyone.Like Co-op games? This is one of the best games for it on steam.Like souls like games that kick your♥♥♥♥♥until you learn the game and master it? This game makes you feel like a total badass once you get it down.Like good music? This is the first game ive ever played I sit on the main menu and lisen to the music everytime I boot up.Like games with lots of replayablity without getting tired of seeingand doing the same thing over again? This game diffrent enough each run to feel a lot less repetitive than BoI.Good game is good. 10/10
,Recommended,311690,33374289,Posted: 8 July,all,Theplexing,bullets that shooting guns
,Recommended,311690,33414832,Posted: 9 July,all,Aero - HellSheep,"Overall: A really great game that deserves your time. There is so much great content in this game that is available to those players with the will to push through a challenge.Gameplay: a bullet hell game where the further you get into it the more bullets and stuff you need to worry about will be on the screen at any one time. Game is a rogue-like, meaning that when you die you go back to the start, although there are persistent things that bring a sense of progression to the game, each time you venture into the gungeon, you should learn something new which does give a sense of progression in itself.The levels are jam packed with a variety of different monsters that all need to be handled in different ways. A huge arsenal of unique guns are also in the game, which will take a bit of getting used to. There are also a number of active/passive items which can drastically change the way you fight in the gungeon. Understanding the equipment and the way you use it in a run is key, and will help determine your success in the gungeon.Movement is extremely important, and you will find yourself focusing more and more on predicting bullet patterns and moving accordingly. Massive amounts of bullets exist on the screen so the game has a dodge roll with invulnerability frames. Those familar with the dark souls series will feel right at home with this. There is also a limited resource called 'blanks' that clear the screen of bullets for a few seconds for when♥♥♥♥♥♥really hits the fan.A warning though, the game is hard. If you don't like a challenge, or lack persistence in games, this game probably isn't for you. If you feel like you have slow reactions, or are not a very skilled gamer, you will need persistence to finish the game, but the game is so fun and the procedurally generated levels so varied that it is truly a joy to persist. You will probably find something new every time you play.Art Direction: At first I really wasn't sure if I liked the art in this game, and that was probably my main reservation in buying it. After a few minutes playing, it really drew me in and I found myself really enjoying the pixel art style the devs went for. Another thing that really grew on me is the games 'guns guns guns' artstyle. Almost everything in the game has something to do with guns. For example, instead of fighting goblins as basic enemies, you will fight actual bullets that also have a gun as a weapon. It seems strange at first, but it did grow on me.Music: Love the games music. Changes based on how deep you are in the gungeon, getting more intense the deeper you get. It's very arcade like, and suits the type of game this is well.Multiplayer: My biggest criticism for this game is that there is only local co-op, and no supported online multiplayer (there are ways to get around this, but they are for advanced user's only). If there is an Enter the Gungeon 2, it really should include an online multiplayer, as this feature would really take this game to the next level.In short: Game is great. If you don't like it - git gud."
,Recommended,311690,33430339,Posted: 10 July,all,Achaman,EXCELLENT!
76561198243286366,Recommended,311690,33420811,Posted: 9 July,all,King Gizzard The Lizard Wizard,Pros:Fun randomized playthroughs everytimeThe guns are litit's one of those games where you die and just want to play through it all over again to do betterCons:It is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥getting adjusted to playing the game so you will die many timesBosses will ♥♥♥♥ youGaining NPCs and finding out how to complete specfic tasks in the game is suer convoluded
76561198339977282,Recommended,311690,33347601,Posted: 7 July,all,vinnx4,just... wow
,Not Recommended,311690,29846761,Posted: 11 February,all,Hypnoncatrice,Can't get past the third floor
,Not Recommended,311690,22393489,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Mystamous,Meh
76561198045281743,Recommended,311690,33440147,Posted: 10 July,all,perpetrated by our own govt,Happy time shooty gun
,Recommended,311690,33443670,Posted: 10 July,all,Mashi,"This game is sooooooo addicting. I may not have spent many hours playing, but you better believe all those hours were drunk.Hook your computer up to your T.V. and definitely enjoy this game."
76561198072586008,Recommended,311690,33469512,Posted: 11 July,all,Shaun the Sheep,Good game and very challenging. Harder than Isaac. A bullet hell game that is very rewarding and has alot of guns that you can find throught a run. The bosses are insane and sometimes luck needs to be on your side weather that being finding good guns in chests. I would say buy this game for a challenging Gun-Hell experience
,Recommended,311690,33472608,Posted: 11 July,all,Lanius Linnaeus,"While I've only played this game shortly, I think greateness captures your attention for a only a moment."
,Recommended,311690,33481545,Posted: 12 July,all,BBRIL,"Yes this are addictive game. I cant play good using mouse keyboard because of the aiming thing, but with game controller (xbox controller) I can play really well. shooting dodging reload etc. worth buying!"
,Recommended,311690,33479354,Posted: 12 July,all,JewishLizard,Very challenging game that will test your skills in dungeon-crawler related games.Controls are tight and its never the games fault when you die. 8/10
,Recommended,311690,33485902,Posted: 12 July,all,Jing Kaymall,you use a gun to shoot bullets at bullets who also have guns and you shoot them with a gun that is a bullet that shoots guns which shoots more bullets at the bullets.
,Recommended,311690,33493264,Posted: 12 July,all,TheEpicRay135,i picked up a gun like MINE and shot a bullet with a bulletTHIS SHIZZ IS AMAZING
,Recommended,311690,33492136,Posted: 12 July,all,ukdesigner,"Most addictive Shootem up, Arcadey thing since the days of Metal Slug!Many have tried, but this does it right!Randomised dungeons, tons of weapons, make replayability excellent!"
,Recommended,311690,30522091,Posted: 15 March,all,Crusader,That moment when you get a homing weapon....Thats the moment when everything burns...
,Recommended,311690,33488916,Posted: 12 July,all,Anal Crust,"Enter the Gungeon is a beautiful, masterpiece of a game that hits  so many chords with me. The art style is gorgeous and memorable (the title screen is possibly my favorite from any game) and the sound track is so appropriate and fitting that everything blends for a very awesome experience. Enemies are designed greatly to disarm you by looking cute (some, not all enemies) but even the smallest ones are a very real threat.The learning curve is steep, the tutorial is a breeze but the actual game itself is similar to Dark Souls as far as adapting to your environment goes. If you've ever played The Binding of Isaac (either game) then you'll love how to explore becaus they're very similar. Controls all feel natural, you have a dodge that is life and death in this game, and loot doesn't drop super often so it sets a pace that forces you to think about your approach before diving head first into a situation and squashing everything. The game also seems to have controller support so if mouse and keyboard aren't for you, fear not.I would very much recommend this game if you like Bullet Hell and Trial & Error in a game like The Binding of Isaac and Dark Souls had a baby while Bloodbourne watched from the corner. It's an experience like no other and addiction is likely."
,Recommended,311690,33489956,Posted: 12 July,all,asslee,good game 10/10
,Recommended,311690,23907723,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DaGameGeeksFX™,"Great Game, but it is very hard. If ur up to the task you can play, but you need a hella lot of time"
,Recommended,311690,23883568,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Somber Squibble,"Is this game worth the it's full price? Yes, it certainly is.Enter the Gungeon - if you somehow couldn't already tell - is a top-down pixel shooter in which you must traverse the ever-changing dungeon, known as the ""Gungeon.""In case you ALSO couldn't tell, this game has a massive obsession with firearms and similar ballistics.Your enemies eat, sleep, and breathe bullets; as a matter of fact, they ARE bullets, as it often seems.They praise bullets, use bullets as weapons, and raise bullets as their own kin.Now that I've digressed into the theme of this game, I'll now go into the fundamentals of it.Music and Sound - The music is simple and unassuming. What's more important is that it fits it's intended purpose well, all while keeping your brain cells from dying. Sound in Enter the Gungeon is similarly produced. The sound of guns, laser rifles and.. (I don't know, banna pistols? I'm sure that's a thing) all are uniform to the game and theme.Graphics and Visual Effects - The art style of Enter the Gungeon is charming and distinct enough to avoid it being generic or boring. It's worth noting that enemies look very cute while they attempt to kill you. Speaking of killing, the visual effects of weapons and hazards are of decent quality. They look nice. Just don't expect to see Battlefield 5000 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic supernovas whilst you fire your puny starter pistol.Anywho, the level design is very impressive to me. I do not foresee myself ever tiring of it. The enviroment reacts to the ballistics of your firefights, with pottery and tables standing little chance of ever seeing their loved ones again as they are peppered with bullets and fish. In regards to tables, you can knock them down and push them horizontally or vertically, acting as semi-decent cover.Gameplay and Mechanics - If you thought this game was getting juicy after reading the previous sections of my review, then get ready to intensify the dispersal of your disgusting human saliva. Movement is fast paced and accompanied with the action of rolling, which allows you to dodge bullets and explosions as if you are some stupid protagonist from a anime that can perform everything perfectly; rest assured, Enter the Gungeon will not allow you to get away with being that protagonist.Enter the Gungeon's gameplay is a beautiful mix of skillful maneuvering and frantic reflex as you weave yourself through a sea of hostile gunfire to sow a grand sweater of smoke and gunpowder.Enter the Gungeon also offers a wealth of replayability and content, which is suspicious given it's low price tag.For example, there are over.. 200 weapons in total to be found and unlocked? Some ridiculous number like that.There's a large variety of enemies, including bosses, minibosses, and these ungodly, horrible golden skeletons that shoot death beams at you.As you could assume by now, this is far from being a easy game, but not so hard that you'd be found having skeletons crammed down your throat. *Gives an emotionless glance at Dark Souls*This helps to keep you playing and growing in skill as you explore the Gungeon and it's many secrets,such as the mysterious statues that grant blessings and curses, the occasional traveler locked behind a door, and that crack in a wall that you just walked past.You'll find, whether in a store or a chest, many items in the gungeon that shall help you during your countless expeditions.You shall also be able to gather permanent currency which can be spent buying weapons and items at a laid-back pink girl's shop. There's also giant robot as a store clerk, isn't that neat? It sure is neat for someone who has slaves do all their work.Conclusion - I haven't gotten to play this game to it's full extent, which leaves you with my mediocre attempt at a review, and by review, I mean my payment. Where's my money, Developer Digital?"
,Recommended,311690,23910703,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,50 Pence,Not bad. Not great. I'm not a fan of bullet hell but I still enjoyed my time with it.
76561198205603425,Recommended,311690,23911730,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Wolerine,Insane
,Recommended,311690,23911419,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Rocket_Man,I found a gun. . . .That was like a gun. . . . .But it turned into a lightsaber when you reloaded.You canREFLECTBULLETSLIKEASITHLORDANDTHENSHOOTTHEMAGAIN.BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME OR I WILL SHOOT YOU IN THE FACE!
76561198208509957,Recommended,311690,23912292,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Murdoc is best Waifu,"I have died more than twenty times, but less than thirty times. Yet I still keep going for one reason, so I can find my true love once again: The T-shirt Cannon"
76561198052692615,Recommended,311690,23880047,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,axelrod123,"Bullet hell dungeon crawler where everything is hilarious and goofy.I'm 20 hours in and am still unlocking, finding and exploring new rooms, guns, enemies, bosses and  game mechanics.Can't recomend enough!"
76561198153503873,Recommended,311690,23846508,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SonicWIzard,Super Fun!Also super tough.10/10 would poorly time my dodge rolls again.
76561198158482502,Recommended,311690,23865029,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DeadManPizza,"I didn't enjoy the game as much as I thought I would, but I'd reccomed you try it somehow. If you try it and you like it, it's worth the price, it's just not my type of game."
76561197970488177,Recommended,311690,23865860,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,oh my god falafel,If you loved binding of Isaac and you need something to scratch that itch this is probably the best bet on steam. Beware it's much tougher than Isaac is most of the time.
,Recommended,311690,24147171,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ThatOneStoryTeller,"For someone who is absolutely terrible at bullet hell shooters, I had so much fun playing Enter the Gungeon. It's a perfect blend of comedic relief and non-stop action. I am still terrible at the game, but that won't stop me from loving just how smooth the gameplay is, and how beautiful the art is. Even if you aren't good at bullet hell shooters, this game is definately one to pick up."
76561198015341647,Recommended,311690,23697644,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,lemonpotato,this game is a great game but its starting to wear out and it has gotten a little boring they said they will have updates but i havnt seen any if so add more gun / bossesthank you
76561198149482534,Recommended,311690,23695603,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,coonrat1,Es pretty good
76561197993371516,Recommended,311690,22637785,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ArbitUH,"OK, they changed how ammo drops work in this game and it is now a lot more entertaining. No more plinking away at stuff with your starter pistol any more. The game is still has too much randomness in its item drops/selection but now that the game lets you cut loose with'em makes a huge difference.I'll leave the old review for posterity I guess.------This game has too much RNG to be fun. More specifically, it has too much RNG that the player can do nothing to compensate for. I am not a RNG-o-phobe - I think some amount of randomness is good, even essential, to a Roguelike - but the player should be able to react to the random roll of dice in a way to mitigate the randomness. Success relies too much on getting good rolls on stuff you can't influence. For instance, to get a good gun, you must- get a key- find a chest room- hope a good quality chest spawns- hope that it spawns a gun (rather than an active or passive item)- hope that it spawns a good quality gun out of the bajillions that can spawnOut of all those steps, only one can be influenced by the player i.e. you can buy a key from a shopkeeper that appears every level. Even that, though, is RNGy; sometimes you will kill 15 enemies in a room and get a paltry amount of money because money drops are influenced by RNG. Health and ammo drops are also wildly variable. I have had runs where three ammo boxes dropped on the first level and zero for the rest of the game. Bosses, too, are extremely variable in difficulty - the second level bosses range in difficulty from ""easier than any of the first level bosses"" i.e. the Gorgun to ""harder than many of the third level bosses"" i.e. the Ammoconda.All the variance pushes you to try to subsist on as little as possible, relying on the inifinite ammo starter pistol and the dodge roll to survive. This feels contrary to the concept of the game. It's a GUNgeon, there's literally hundreds of guns in the game, almost every enemy is gun or bullet themed... why is this game so damn stingy with the guns?! It feels like someone intentionally sucked the fun out like it was a Free to Play game.The game is also too long, or rather, it's too long for a game that's this heavily influenced by RNG. At about 10 minutes per level and the basic game being five levels long, it takes generally 20 to 30 minutes to really be sure whether you've actually got a shot at winning or you're just circling the drain. I ain't got time for that.The game plenty of charm, but even that wears thin after a while. Enter the Gungeon is filled with references to other games and fiction which is initially entertaining but it starts to feel like they couldn't come up with original characters. They are also underutilized. I mean, come on, you can't put Fafhrd and the Grey Mouser in the game and just have them sit around in the starting area issuing ""kill 50 floozleflorps"" quests.Dodge Roll has laid the groundwork for a fun game but it needs some serious tweaking to get there."
76561198216496404,Recommended,311690,23689121,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,darksim0,"Amazing game, very adictive. similar to the bindding of isac love both games"
76561198087042109,Recommended,311690,23683192,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Notorious B.I.G.,"A pretty damn good bullet hell/dungeon game. Has a magnificent artstyle. As the title suggests it contains a ton of gun and bullet references and an insane amount of weapons to find and use during your runs. It also doesn't take itself too seriously. The dialogue from the NPCs is crafty and offers a few laughs at times. I won't say exactly what they do but as for the guns you'll too often find one humorous like The Mailbox or the Banana gun and go ""How the hell can this kill something?"" Then it could end up being your main damage-dealer against the boss fights. My only personal issue though and it is a rare one these days is that this game needs DLC. It's somewhat still fresh but only four playable characters isn't really much and I'm pretty sure there can always be more weapons and items. Also needs online multiplayer. Other than that it offers a lot of  playability for its pricetag so I have to recommend it."
76561198197524563,Recommended,311690,23563845,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,| YUGI*} ^_^ |,"When you have free time along with a couple of friends, this game is fun to play. I played this with my brother, we used two ps4 controllers to play. This is a good coop game, I think the only reason why it's hard b/c people try to move on levels by themselves, alone. Enter the Gungeon involves precision, skill, and teamwork (optional as this is a coop game). If you have free time, definitely kick those missile, dome shaped creature's butt with a friend if you've got them with you, not saying you don't got none, but you know what I mean. Try to take advantage of playing together with someone.I know this might not be the best review, but c'mon TAKE ON THE Challenge and defeat those ug\gly, weird creatures in the Gungeon. I am yugi and it's kinda time to Du - DU - DUeeel. really those dungeon crawlers look like my cards I use for battle since I am Yugi."
,Recommended,311690,23564313,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,DeerJesus,Great game!
76561198209742407,Recommended,311690,23561345,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,tags: foreskin_worship,pretty stank
,Recommended,311690,23557684,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,LeeMoStar,A very good game.
,Recommended,311690,30794505,Posted: 28 March,all,Birb Lord,"Just buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198260717297,Recommended,311690,23641711,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Maniac_Mongoose,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!!! I can't stop playing! the guns and enemies are creative and awesome! The gameplay is ruthless, but I love every second. It's a blast to play, and there is so much more to it than at first glance. Worh waaaay more than what it is being sold at. I would write more but I have to get back to playing :D"
76561198052656266,Recommended,311690,23636252,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Commander Hurricane,"Do you like guns?do you like Big Guns??Do you like lots and lots of guns THERE ARE SO MANY GUNS!!! GUNS THAT SHOOT LASERS, GUNS THAT SHOOT EXPLOSIONS, GUNS THAT SHOOT DUCKS!?!?!  So Awesome  /)(^3^)(\"
,Recommended,311690,23648714,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Bamboozle,"Best and hardest game of 2016Annoying but addictive as hell make you wanna crush your keyboard but in the other hand, make you wanna kiss everyone when u beat the levels. Worth every €"
76561198079121684,Recommended,311690,23628537,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,MonkeyGodzilla #GLM,Best game. Imagine binding of isaac and nuclear throne had a  baby. the baby. is thisWanna rage because every room is filled with bloodthirsty enemies what won't stop attacking you?Wanna get rekt'd by a snake made out of bullets?Wanna fight a huge dragon that has a gun for a nose?Well then this game is for you damn it! BUY IT NOW
76561198070734576,Recommended,311690,23624461,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Finwilbu,"I love it. Its core combat is fun and intuitive, the diverse weapon selection adds consistent variety, and the gun themed aesthetic of the enemies is very clever and visually pleasing. Its really hard, but at the same time addicting, and everytime I die I just want to jump in a start again."
,Recommended,311690,23625104,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Big McLargeHuge,A good game that I would have played more of it the 1st level wasn't so boring.
,Recommended,311690,23622787,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,causticbotanist,"It's so addictive, creative, and super challenging.  There's lots of things you can unlock, the game just looks good as a pixelated game, and the weapons are so diverse and fun!   You can throw bees at people!  BEES!  There's badass guns like a gun made of lightsaber, and then there's ridiculous guns like a gun that shoots out anvils at people.   Well worth the price!"
,Recommended,311690,23618519,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,tokamun,Has a gun that shoots smaller guns. 10/10
76561198276572029,Recommended,311690,22543463,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,FraughtQuill,"I dont know if Dodgeroll reads the reviews but of they do i wante to suggest that they add the ability to ""dodge roll"" over a table. Even better have an animation of the character sliding across the table. Tables are often in my way when i am dodging  bullets and i end up getting hit. It would be great if they could be avoided by sliding across the tables. Other than that its a great game."
76561198075843143,Recommended,311690,23646802,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,lovehuangrun,This is the best one like this mode I've ever played.
76561198292560119,Recommended,311690,23709618,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,hitmanhart827,"I freaking love this game, there is always new items each round and the games are never the same, which might seem dumb, but it's for sure my favorite game on steam. Hopefully even more stuff will come out on an expansion pack! I'd pay for that!"
76561198201606215,Recommended,311690,23715431,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,fishy boopkins,addicting and fun gameplay.
,Recommended,311690,23715486,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Nyxem,IZ GUD
76561198108280517,Recommended,311690,23611259,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Chapsteak,This game is awesome! Just got a FLAWLESS LICH FIGHT and it feels good man. I clearly recommend this to any gamers out there to play this game!!!
76561198310198578,Recommended,311690,23602386,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,blazingalpaca01,"enter the gungeon is a great game.Even though it can♥♥♥♥♥♥u off at points you will get progressivly better at the game plus there is alot of things in this game that will intrigue you for example:the enemies,the characters that u free from the jail cells,and the characters themselves are interesting even though they dont have much of a personality they just make you wonder what did they do in there past that they want to erase so badly.In conclusion you will have a great expierience with the game and if I could give it a score I would give it a 9.5 out of 10"
76561198055669562,Recommended,311690,23851888,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Djharts,"A very fun game from Devolver who already have a great history of games. Enter The Gungeon is an excellent combination of veterans in this genre such as Binding of Isaac and Nuclear Throne. What it does better than both of them, is have an action packed, fast paced game. Balancing could use a bit of work in terms of keys and their drop rates, and sometimes runs can be quite similar since there aren't any synergies with your guns from other weapons, but overall, it's worth it for anything who considers themselves a fan of the Rogue-like genre."
76561198158207022,Recommended,311690,23793482,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ImDyinHereKiddo,"If I had any problems at all, it's that it's still quite glitchy, and my PS4 controller won't work with it.9/10 ""OK"""
76561198084804783,Recommended,311690,23446636,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Seven,"It is an utterly amazing game! Extremely fun! Probably one of the best games I have ever played, but it comes with a major drawback. It has crashed 3 times for me, all of which when I was at or reaching The Forge, the final main level of the game. I truly hope these bugs are fixed for I really wish to beat this game.But besides the crashing, this is an extremely polished and worthwhile product."
,Recommended,311690,32076532,Posted: 30 May,all,AlmightyEvan,JESUS ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME IS HARD
,Recommended,311690,31282490,Posted: 21 April,all,Usual Hot-Dog,"Great game! If you like rouglikes and guns this is game for you! Lots of items, lots of guns and lots of fun.Also Keyboard+Mouse > Controller"
76561198201287370,Recommended,311690,32469554,Posted: 16 June,all,Moghta,"Both the best roguelike, and the best bullet hell I've ever played.I wish it had online multiplayer though."
76561198012008918,Not Recommended,311690,29565802,Posted: 29 January,all,Toe_Jam,"Netural Review.So much great game design and creativity... but ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious hit detection. It is seriously awful. The dodge roll mechanics is core to the game and works miserably, it isn't consistent. Sometimes you get hit on the first couple frames of your dodge, sometimes you don't. Sometimes it ends early, sometimes it doesn't. Your hitbox seems to much different depending on the direction you are rolling. I got plenty of gameplay and screenshots for proof if anyone wants to accuse trolling."
,Recommended,311690,32450737,Posted: 15 June,all,Boxxy,"Enter the Gungeon is a great bullet hell style dungeon crawler, with every run randomly generated and never the same. There is a huge roster of enemies and bosses, a massive arsenal of weaponry, and a fair difficulty and learning curve that allows you to feel understandable about your deaths and proud of your accomplishments."
,Recommended,311690,32417642,Posted: 14 June,all,^s^c2NotThatOneThing,"Very hard roguelike, also a LOT of gun puns... and generally a lot of guns, that's pretty much all you need to know."
76561198356751957,Recommended,311690,32446091,Posted: 15 June,all,wheetley2.0,"great game, thats really all I have to say."
,Recommended,311690,29703017,Posted: 4 February,all,Cory in the Harem,"I can't put it into words. Go watch some reviews. Actually, you know what? Just buy it!"
,Recommended,311690,32495521,Posted: 16 June,all,tdog00346800,"If you want fun times, enter the GungeonIf you want top down murderous dungeon crawling action, enter the Gungeon.If you want Texas simulator 2016/2017, enter the Gungeon.Just ♥♥♥♥in enter the Gungoen already!"
,Recommended,311690,32579640,Posted: 19 June,all,PyronicKnight,"I bought this game not to long ago and although it infuriates me to no end, I still love it. The good: The puns are everywhere, the references are amazing, and the music is fantastic. The bad: Lack of characters, difficult learning curve, and weak start even against basic enemies. My suggestion to fix this is to make the cultist a main character after defeating his past and giving him an item that lets him keep his damage buff as if player 1 was dead. Could be called I am number one or simply #1. Other than that the game is amazing once you get it down. I would suggest anyone who loves Binding of Isaac but feels that it is getting a bit too easy to pick this up!"
,Recommended,311690,32735640,Posted: 24 June,all,York,I knew about this game for a long time. Now that I've played it I cannot recomend it enough!I named the dog Rusty he is my favorite part.
76561198398398770,Recommended,311690,32748836,Posted: 24 June,all,DoomNebula,"Enter the Gungeon is a brilliantly made game that features random level generation, so it's unlikely to become repetitive early on. The controls and feel of the game is easy to learn, but hard to master. If you are quick to rage, this game may not be for you."
76561198068706421,Recommended,311690,29654609,Posted: 2 February,all,Kami,"Can't recommend this game enough. After owning on both PlayStation and PC and pouring many many hours into it on both without getting bored yet, it's safe to say it's damn good value for money. Visuals are great and the gameplay is intense, Definitely something to check out!"
,Recommended,311690,29587735,Posted: 30 January,all,SubCyka,"Not as interesting with its combinations of items and weapons like isaac, but the gameplay is a lot more fun."
76561198044756074,Recommended,311690,29577491,Posted: 29 January,all,salty,Every run will be different and new items keep the game fresh. Would recommend.
76561198031048152,Recommended,311690,29577564,Posted: 29 January,all,Catbones,Pretty much the best top down shooter on the market.
76561198299591621,Recommended,311690,29622650,Posted: 31 January,all,Harvey,Its a game in which ou run around shooting bullets at bullets!! WHAT IS THIS!! It makes my thought on rouge-like games MAD!! the ammount of guns and enemies and overall everything!! if i was you i would click the add to chart button!! cuz this game is the BEST!! there are some games i like more... but this is definetly a good or even better AMAZING game! and the soundtrack is one of the best i've heard... so over all I RECCOMEND THIS AND YOU SHOULD SUPPORT THESE AMAZING PEOPLE!! #notsponsored
,Recommended,311690,29622787,Posted: 31 January,all,Aes,Pew
,Recommended,311690,29621765,Posted: 31 January,all,SammieB,This game pisses me off but it's too good to give up.
76561198126237528,Recommended,311690,29619376,Posted: 31 January,all,IllusionalGamer,"This is by far one of the most fun ""Bullet Hell"" games I've ever played. the combination of collectable loot and entertaining, but simple fights makes for a great experience, similar, but more difficult than games like The Binding of Isaac. The only problem I've had is actually with one specific enemy, a ghost with a tommy gun that randomly disappears and reappears somewhere randomly in the room. Great in concept, not so great when it appears right next to you and immediatly starts firing, cheating you out of a valuable hit point. Other than that one insignificant bit- Amazing game"
,Recommended,311690,29618022,Posted: 31 January,all,King Spider,I Love the game but there is one problem....I cannot set the controls on the game for some reason
76561197981023199,Recommended,311690,29534210,Posted: 27 January,all,Catbus,"Sooooo Coooool!!Online co-op, please!? :D"
,Recommended,311690,29621068,Posted: 31 January,all,WinnyPea,"This game is pretty frustrating, but I keep coming back to it."
,Recommended,311690,29597188,Posted: 30 January,all,RMA,Worth your penny :)
,Recommended,311690,29598454,Posted: 30 January,all,Karrak,"Pays mysterious magician to play a game for a prize, has no idea how to play it, shoots in the wrong direction, loses all his money.0/10 absolute rip-off.(Seriously though, love the game. Addicting as HELL and I can't get enough! Newly added save feature is awesome, tons of weapons, bosses, rooms and enemies provides a huge variety of gameplay. Must buy! 1.56/1.56 )"
,Recommended,311690,29594275,Posted: 30 January,all,t o p o,fun time-killer when ur bored :D
,Recommended,311690,29594487,Posted: 30 January,all,Olde English,"This game is a masterpiece.  5 star replayability.  Don't let this game evade you.  Waiting for a sale is cool, but this game is worth every penny, with or without."
,Recommended,311690,29595131,Posted: 30 January,all,Spoopy,Gud Game
76561198088322912,Recommended,311690,29595296,Posted: 30 January,all,pokemonlucky7,Fun and fast paced
76561198184464007,Recommended,311690,29596276,Posted: 30 January,all,SnoopyGGJr,"♥♥♥♥ challenge mode, the hammer time bs is the most unfun, garbage this I have ever had the displeasure of experiencing in any video game."
,Recommended,311690,29590505,Posted: 30 January,all,The Flying Jewman,This may be my favorite game of all time!
,Recommended,311690,29731900,Posted: 5 February,all,Yencaray,"Challenging game and fun to play. Wasn't what I though it was. I thought this would be a continuous play. So you know, each time you die you have to start from the 1st dungeon and try to make it to (what i've read) the 6th. There is progress but you always have to start with a base gun and work your way back up. Doesn't take much time."
,Recommended,311690,29732567,Posted: 5 February,all,Spookster Desuwa,"This game is HELL. That is... if you hate having to focus every second of your life. Which if you do, then i suggest you start to up your game because great games like this will take ACTUAL SKILL to play. I mean seriously. Its called a ""Bullet hell"" game for a REASON. I went to a friends house the other day and played this with him as his brother got it on his computer too. As we were playing i asked my friends brother if he though the game was hard and he said no. It was only a matter of time before he regretted that one word he said. If you want absolute hell enable hard mode, speedrun mode and play with a keyboard/mouse. This game is pretty much 2x harder without a controller. Or thats just me. Anyways. GET THIS GAME if you feel like losing a bit of your sanity."
76561198353603213,Recommended,311690,29737182,Posted: 6 February,all,Sticky Keys,"This game absolutely INSANE with its learning curb if you are new to rogue-like and bullet hell games, but that doesnt mean it isnt COMPLETELY FCKIN AMAZINGGG! I reccomend this to ur gran. All it needs is online multiplayer and have a choice of playing any character instead of just the cultist, and buff the computer a little bit."
,Recommended,311690,29712514,Posted: 4 February,all,MoustacheShiv,I haven't been this hooked on a game for a long time.
,Recommended,311690,29731444,Posted: 5 February,all,robloxlover1920,"This game takes a lot of skill, you will die 50+ times before you reach even floor 4. But it's a ton of fun. You also fight bullets holding guns. 10/10"
76561198256719446,Recommended,311690,29724705,Posted: 5 February,all,Duke of Lemons,"Finally defeated the high dragun whilst having super speed from 3 separate items along with slower bullets/faster reflexes, defeating the dragun wih Bees and the gun from Ghostbusters, all the while high as hell off of the Spice from Dune.This game is amazing, and also one of the most addicting games I've played in a long while. So much for being productive this weekend! Who needs grades anyway? I need guns!The game is hectic, hiliarious, and RNG definitely can make or break your run. So I can understand that some people might not be into it if they're easily frustrated. A LOT of it is luck, but an equal amount of it is skill and muscle memory. You'll get better and better as you play and as you learn enemy patterns, and that'll help you get down faster and more flawlessly as you get used to the bosses. Of course, you're definitely going to love/hate some of them, and that's natural for everyone. Personally, I hate running into the Bullet Twins on the first floor because I usually get hit and miss out on the heart. The Gatling Gull, on the other hand, is laughably easy when fought in the library. And then there's the Killer Pillars... Bleh.Anyways, don't let that deter you! The game is fun, the guns are ridiculous, the music gets you pumped to go deeper, and as frustrating as RNG can be, it's also very satisfying finding that one gun/item that will make you godlike in this run. The unlocks are pretty stready and constant, and there are some great items that are already availble to begin with, and others that are unlocked through buying, bosses, or quests of varying difficulty (such as the Bloodied Scarf, which you'd have to defeat the Old King to unlock). There are also secret floors, rooms, NPC's to free, and modes and shortcuts to unlock that lead to even more unlocks. All these things keep you coming back for more.The game looks great visually, and is full of pop culture references. It plays incredibly well and when your reflexes fail, you know it's on you.Overall, fantastic game, frustrating game, I like this game."
,Recommended,311690,29735121,Posted: 5 February,all,QuoteUnquote,"In the increasingly saturated genre known as ""roguelike,"" Enter the Gungeon may very well be the pinnacle of skill-based gameplay. Even though this genre owes much of its popularity to The Binding of Isaac, succeeding in BoI is much more a matter of luck, waiting until the run where you find enough over-powered items to carry you through. But here in the gungeon... almost nothing will carry you through but your own skill. In this blend of dungeon crawling and bullet hell, your greatest asset will be your dodging ability; you must learn to sidestep through tiny cracks the relentless bullet patterns, and know when to attempt a ballsy dodge roll, or you will frequently be taking a faceful of hot lead.With all that in mind, the sheer variety of unique weapons in Enter the Gungeon is nothing to sneeze at; some are practical, some are wacky, some are straight badass. Even with so many guns to choose from, the balance in this game is, for the most part, pretty even. No guns are objectively worthless (except those that are meant to be), and none (as far as I know) are game-breakingly cheap.Probably one of Enter the Gungeon's strongest points is its dedication to its theme. Guns aren't just what you stock your arsenal with. They are a motif. From the hordes of sentinent munitions you battle to the endless gun-related wordplay in all the lore and the flavor text, this game is certainly not lacking in identity or personality. And of course there are plenty of homages to famous weaponry in other media, both subtle and blunt.I really can't find much negative to say about Enter the Gungeon, except how difficult it is to walk away from. It is a stressful game, with the later bosses being affairs that I don't recommend for people with heart problems, but still devilishly gripping. It would be better to be able to suspend your run from anywhere, but at least the recent update gave the option to suspend it after completing a floor."
,Recommended,311690,29745546,Posted: 6 February,all,SaintSayonara,"so.... i originally pirated this game during its beta and i decided to buy it because i was on sale.i gotta say, legitimately having it is much better, but that aside, i'd have to heavily recommend this game if you're a fan of roguelikes and all that, it has a nice premise, enemy, weapon and item designs are creative, the game basically runs on puns and references at some points. (not even kidding, having a high ""Cool"" stat reduces cooldown on active items)there are many things to like and not like about this game, such as the heavy amounts of RNG for item drops and chests, or some areas or bosses in particular feeling unfair (until you get good) but all in all, its a fair but punishing roguelike.i also had a bullet that shot guns that shot bullets at one point. would recommed 10/10"
76561198069600876,Recommended,311690,29748041,Posted: 6 February,all,tttiiimmm1,"The game is great. except for some HUGE issues.In the game, you use special currency from defeating bosses to unlock new guns for the gungeon. There are far too many items, and far too few guns. Of the one (maybe two, if you find or buy a key) chest that you get to open in one run, chances are it won't be a gun. So once again, you are stuck on the third floor with your junk starter pistol.1. This is a gun themed game where you rarely see many new guns2. Many guns will not be better than your starter pistols.3. random items outnumber guns (why?)3a. heart locket, heart bottle, heart pouch all do the same thing. We don't need three of them. DEVS we don't need three of them. more guns. guns.After nearly 24 hours play time, there are guns that I have purchased, and yet NEVER seen a single time in the game. The game is worth buying, but you will get frustrated."
,Recommended,311690,29745937,Posted: 6 February,all,Dan Valentine,"If you like single-life-run games like Nuclear Throne or The Binding of Isaac; this game should be no different. this gam combines the aspect of secrets and difficulty as the game goes on, alike nuclear throne, all maps will be shaped differently and secrets are in every level, I recommend playing this when you're tired of your regular, go-to games as a break but still intact to keep your reflexes up in the ante."
76561198169335131,Recommended,311690,29748452,Posted: 6 February,all,Mrxford,"Being a huge fan of top down shooters, this is one of the best ones i've played in quite some time. Fantastic"
,Recommended,311690,29771639,Posted: 7 February,all,Sister,This game is an absolute blast. I have nothing bad to say about it at all.(please add multiplayer)
,Recommended,311690,29771775,Posted: 7 February,all,Calcifer,"This is one of the best games in my Steam Library, PEROID.Fantastic gameplay loop that is fun and engaging. Local co-op that has my girlfriend asking me if we can play games together (amazing). Always something new to find and constantly finding new things and wondering ""what does this do"" - then I find out and frequently bring a massive smile to my face as I say ""Whoa!""Can't recommend this game enough, must buy for anyone who enjoys challenging but fun game with huge potential. Eagerly watching this developer for whatever else they bring out, will buy on day of release just about anything they do cos they really know their stuff!"
,Recommended,311690,29771865,Posted: 7 February,all,私は日本語じゃない,AMAZING GAME EXTREMELY FUN TO PLAY
76561198084415667,Recommended,311690,29771211,Posted: 7 February,all,TachiFrypan,"Great game, tons of fun.Too bad I suck at it. :/I love Rogue-likes, but super bullet-dodging is not really in my skill set.  If you played more Nuclear Throne than I did you will probably have a great time.  For me, I can't make it to the end of the 4th chamber on a good run."
,Recommended,311690,29766727,Posted: 7 February,all,Bushido Butler,Spelunky but with more guns.
,Recommended,311690,29794079,Posted: 8 February,all,ansia_erectus,"The best rogue-like game i ever played!!!Awesome music, many weapons and items, really hard bosses and with a big free update that other companies will sell for up to 5$.A really, really good game if you like this type of pixelated rogue like games."
76561198085894916,Recommended,311690,29802641,Posted: 9 February,all,Sky Ravens,"You got a gun.i got a gun.i'm a human that shoots bulletsYour a bullet that shoots.......bullets?OMG GUN ♥♥♥♥!!!!!!HOW TO REVIEW A GAME 101.The only rule you need to rate/review a game is this..$ 1 = 1 hour of game timeyes this game falls into that rule. the price is right for the ammount of hours you will get out of this.its fun.fast pacedan insta death is a bee tee iee cee H.Look on youtube for videos about the game.....then buy the game,no need reading steam reviews if you can watch the gampley first hand,"
76561198216592847,Recommended,311690,31027077,Posted: 8 April,all,Sea Urckin,"Enter the Gungeon is a great game but, it is VERY hard. From the begining, the game throws a swarm of bullets at you. The game can last an 1 to 20 hours depening on your skill level. If you lack skill, you can use mods or cheat engine to  make things easier.Pros:-Great soundtrack-Graphics (I'm a sucker for pixel art)-Gameplay-ReplayabillityCons:-Can be VERY hard."
,Recommended,311690,29803623,Posted: 9 February,all,zw na chwile,Fist me Junkan daddy
76561198123959610,Recommended,311690,23543409,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Lebby,"Super addicting and challenging! Kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when you don't get a good gun on the first 2 floors. The Co-op option is not a bad feature but its not ideal. With 2 players you are restricted from going anywhere you please and you have to stick with your partner. If you get passed that, the game is that much more challenging. Now if only it hard online multiplayer.."
76561198086059861,Recommended,311690,24231840,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Amanoftomorrow,Really fun game. Must have if you liked binding of isac
,Recommended,311690,24218659,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,basket,sick yea
,Recommended,311690,24218149,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Peter Häggis,"Awesome game, worth the money10/10Would dodgeroll into a bullet and die again"
,Recommended,311690,24233731,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,"Van, my dudes","One of the most polished, thematically realized Binding of Isaac successors out there. Seriously, this game is what other indie games aspire to be. I can't believe how much love and work went into every facet of this game's assets.11/10 (+1 for sick pun action)"
76561198230676560,Recommended,311690,24222291,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Tominator,The game is truly amazing but if your geting it for its coop resurch it first its not what you think.
,Recommended,311690,24222409,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Heyjohnny,"Definitely my favorite game in a long time! Very difficult, which makes succeeding very rewarding. There are so many little additions to the game as you play, it feels like the gameplay continues to evolve the more you play. 40 hours of gameplay, and I'm still unlocking new aspects to the game."
,Recommended,311690,24240876,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ianbits,"Speaking as someone who generally doesn't like these types of games (I just flat out couldn't get into Isaac, no matter how hard I tried) the core gameplay of this is so damn solid that it won me over. It's a roguelike that's more skill based than usual, since it's completely reasonable to avoid damage altogether. The guns and enemies are varied, there's plenty of secrets and weird characters you'll find in the dungeon, and the game is challenging but very fair.There's tons of stuff that just screams polish from a game design perspective. The teleporters make backtracking much more bearable, the animations are charming and really well fleshed out, and many guns have unique visual effects that make the pixel art actually an amazing fit (which, as well, I generally don't like). A little mechanic I found awesome is that beating a boss without getting hit will reward you with a heart container, so if I made it through the first level without getting any good drops, I could still salvage the run at that point just by playing smart.Really addicting, really challenging, and as far as I'm concerned one of the best games I've played in the genre."
,Recommended,311690,30826847,Posted: 29 March,all,It's the Gaming Chair,Fun but Hard
76561198068574737,Recommended,311690,24401960,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Overseer Orangepeel,It's a great game.
76561198126427752,Recommended,311690,24402495,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kermit the Dogg,Whatever you ♥♥♥♥ing do. Do NOT fire in the shop.I had to learn that the hard way.
,Recommended,311690,24207871,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SpookyDookie,"Loads of great guns, items and bosses with a really cool soundtrack and nice looking pixel art, just a really awesome game."
,Recommended,311690,24168063,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,OneCourseofAction,"Enter the Gungeon is a bullet blasting bananza with bad bullet bullies that blast bros and babes by any means. By far Best in my Book of best bullet blasting games, baby!"
,Recommended,311690,24374182,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Star| SodaStar,very fun 10/10
76561198079975951,Recommended,311690,29661789,Posted: 2 February,all,AzizBlink,"Awesome, full of guns, secrets, goofy fetish. It's not easy, so be warned."
76561198038398537,Recommended,311690,29680136,Posted: 3 February,all,DangermanDaniel,"Good stuff. Very Challenging. Wish there was a way to choose at least one other gun to start with though, like some kind of consistent unlock once you beat the game once. Oh well. Bullet Hell, Dungeon Crawler, Rogue-like it is."
,Recommended,311690,29677784,Posted: 3 February,all,iBUYCHOWDER,"Dark Souls with epilepsy, nuf said"
,Recommended,311690,29659187,Posted: 2 February,all,SwarthyTart,"I haven't fallen in love with a game this quickly since Portal.  When I first tried this game, I was cautiously optimistic.  I've played a lot of games that looked like something I love but never _felt_ right.  My ultimate goal has always been to find a game that I can love as much as Crimsonland (which, counting the original 2003 release, I've probably dumped 900 hours into).Enter the Gungeon has decent rogue-like aspects.  I've played a bunch of Rogue Legacy and nethack.  Loved both.  This game isn't as deep in rogueisms as those are and that's okay.   It's still got that same aura -- even if the mechanical specifics don't add up.Enter the Gungeon has excellent atmosphere.  The designers nailed it on the humor and theme.  It's got all the fantasy RPG tropes that take me back to my days of playing AD&D at the table as well as door games on the BBS -- and wraps it all in the satirical gun-centered theme.  The game never jumps the shark and you have to admire them for not breaking character at all in the course of the game.Enter the Gungeon has darn-near immaculate gameplay.  There are three games that I've always adored that have things in common with this: 1) Crimsonland (obvious connection here), 2) Nethack for its ability to retain atmosphere while still being procedurally generated, 3) Ikaruga, for its bullet hell and special navigation properties (dodge roll feels a tad like toggling colors in that shmup game)My gaming rig recently died (hard disk blew out) and the only thing I've missed since then has been Enter the Gungeon.  Only time will tell but I suspect that this game will end up sitting on the throne of my heart for a decade.This game is beautiful."
,Recommended,311690,29678883,Posted: 3 February,all,Rev.,Fun roguelike game with lots of action!
,Recommended,311690,29679508,Posted: 3 February,all,Ξnder,"Imagine binding of issac, but every room has the equivalent amount of projectiles as the hush fight.Every.Room."
76561198239266240,Recommended,311690,29665857,Posted: 3 February,all,sausage,"Its fun , i dont regret buying it at full price."
,Recommended,311690,29704462,Posted: 4 February,all,CardboardPizzas,"This game is a prime example of how to make rogue-like, bullet hell and dungeon crawler games.One day, I randomly decided out of nowhere ‘I need to get a cool roguelike game, I loved Rogue Legacy and Don’t Starve!’ So, after taking Spelunky for another whirl and my ill-founded attempt to figure out how to operate Dwarf Fortress, I was sated, but I still needed more. So when I saw that Enter the Gungeon was on sale for its new Supply Drop Update, and that it was published by Devolver Digital, the publishers of the brilliant Hotline Miami, I couldn’t click ‘Add to Cart’ fast enough.I was immediately drawn to the Marine, and as soon as I had finished the tutorial and actually entered the titular Gungeon as the title had told me to, I knew ‘I’m gonna enjoy this.’ I did. As always, I’m gonna split this review into pros and cons. Let’s do this;PROS:- The gameplay doesn’t get boring; I’ll come off the game, and five minutes later I’ll find myself booting it up again wanting another round- The game is really difficult, but not once did it feel unfair- I love the huge variety of weapons, from high-tech laserbeams to a crown covered in machine guns- The boss fights are fun no matter how many times you do them- The OST is brilliant- Puns EVERYWHERE (this is likely a con to some people)- I love the character, enemy and environmental design- So much replay value- Addictive as all ♥♥♥♥ (might be a con for some people)- New mechanics introduced as the game progresses- Loads of hidden stuff- Surprisingly deep lore for a game like this- I love the humour, it never feels forced and its genuinely funny- Neat references everywereCONS:- I wish there were more characters (then again, this can go for any game with multiple playable characters)- Out of the four characters, I only really play Hunter and Marine (this is likely to change, though)- Can be a bit slow-paced.- Whether or not you can progress can depend on how the dungeon has been generatedCONCLUSION:I give this game a 9/10. I would definitely recommend this game to anybody reading this, even at full price (of course it’s better to get it on sale, but it’s worth the cost full price!) The game perfectly balances dungeon crawl, rogue-like and bullet hell elements, and despite the difficulty nothing ever feels unbalanced or unfair. I just wish I could use the Gun That Can Kill the Past on myself so that I could stop my past self from strangling that hooker.Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,311690,29912052,Posted: 13 February,all,Chatino,"very pleasent , love it , hours of funs trust me ! and so thrillers"
,Recommended,311690,29912183,Posted: 13 February,all,Xintilleon,Many people like this game I am one of them. Many people find this game to hard because of the rng I don't feel the same way I consistantly find myself winning 1/3 of my runs and many of the runs I lost I feel as if I could of won if I didn't make a mistake before hand or if I had one more blank I could of avoided that and won. Although I say this I find that the bullet hell stage to be suprisingly hard often times I lose at this stage even if I beat the real final floor the one before it as bullet hell is optional in flying colors. This is my only compliant however the game is fun the refrences are cool and the guns are unique.
76561197981790783,Recommended,311690,29910200,Posted: 13 February,all,Airiss*,Best bullet shooting game. -_-)b
,Recommended,311690,29914968,Posted: 13 February,all,Fal,"This game ruined my will to live, but through sheer force of will and dumb luck, I restored it."
76561198046050015,Recommended,311690,31030869,Posted: 8 April,all,desert.king90,IT HAS A SAVE BUTTTOONNNNNNNN YESSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!
76561198163023588,Recommended,311690,29944813,Posted: 15 February,all,I Want To Fucking Die,This game will make you want to cry both because of how much fun it is and also when you die over and over and over... but I LOVE this game and recommend it to all of my friends and anyone for that matter.
76561197993690491,Recommended,311690,29775441,Posted: 7 February,all,Sol,"Fast paced bullet hell action with a bit of rogue-like and RPG twists... reminds me of classic SNES Legend of Zelda mixed with my favorite shmups. You -will- play through the first couple levels many many times, but the variety of rooms, enemies, powerups, and weapons keeps things fresh and constantly interesting. I've only spent about 15 hours playing this so far, but I feel like it has many times that in store yet."
,Recommended,311690,29778543,Posted: 8 February,all,The Lonely Panda,Good game! XD
76561198247529266,Recommended,311690,29788036,Posted: 8 February,all,roblox pussy crusher Csoffer.me,♥♥♥♥ing great
,Recommended,311690,29928502,Posted: 14 February,all,endrylthalan,"Just an amazing game ! Nice gameplay, very good artistic sense, it's fun to play !"
,Recommended,311690,29939369,Posted: 15 February,all,Color Pulse,"Fun and all, but i still dont get where the rpg elements are!Except that everything is great"
,Recommended,311690,29938181,Posted: 15 February,all,Q5 Sheeplord ^-^,"If ur Badass like♥♥♥♥♥♥ then this is a great game, because its hard as ♥♥♥♥.U need to put in some time to get even to Average, and after 1000 hours ur maybe okey, after 5035 hours ur Good, and after ur life ended u become God...Just kidding this game is amazing, but as i said, hard af.If ur interrested in hard game, which will make u mad if u loose, but u can`t and won`t stop, then this is just for u."
76561198082401360,Recommended,311690,31197079,Posted: 17 April,all,wd2dmaker,"F*CK  THIS GAME, IT'S SO DIFFICULT... Nonetheless I love it <3"
,Recommended,311690,30046715,Posted: 19 February,all,Sir Cumalot,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻
76561197991716114,Recommended,311690,30206814,Posted: 26 February,all,KrueGOAR-Nation,"good dungeon crawler, twin stick shooter, rogue like..... game1 out of 4 pastest have been killed, will do all then be doneThe game is great and it has gotten an update since i bought it so the devs are putting time into itAlso... the gun descriptions are absolutly hilarious, would recommend to anyone who like rogue likes."
76561197987557092,Recommended,311690,30190685,Posted: 26 February,all,vic_viperman,"Great game.I love roguelikes and Enter the Gungeon seems to get most things right. It has good graphics/animations, responsive controls, (I use a controller) a good amount of variety to keep you interested, tons of creative guns, and a good stiff challenge. The item descriptions and overall game script are well written and witty too.Recent roguelikes like Necropolis and Brut@l failed because they were too damned easy-- these types of games need to have lots of enemy variety and a high level of difficulty in order to be fun and ETG nails them both.Definitely buy this. The devs are still updating it and adding content too."
,Recommended,311690,31188358,Posted: 16 April,all,AustinKelloggs,9/10 I wish this game had an online multiplayer.. If it did im sure it would be one fo the most fun games ive played in a long time.
,Recommended,311690,26117395,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Bugged By Daylight,"Another Rogue like game , with some diferences from the ""speedrun madness"" , this game is slower and requires PERFECTION in order to advance further into the game .By this , i mean (its very unforgiving , but also ) that killing bosses without getting hit once is the key to beat higher tier chambers and bosses.With that said , ill go for some features the game has :-Its Main Feature is the Dodge Roll , right click for a short time of immunity and forcing you to move some feet in a straight line , Life Saving , but must be used wisely-Keys , Ammo , Health , Armor , can be found at the end of a room ( very small chance , almost insignificant ) , at the end of the boss fight ( usually 2 , with the chance of a 3rd one ) , or bought with currency ( dropped by enemies )- Weapons and Items are Found in chests , which need keys , and if you dont get a good weapon to deal with the boss quickly ...... youre gonna need to dodge alot...- And alot more to find ( secrets and stuff )A Bullet Hell game that promises dificulty , one or two waves of salt , and  ( eventually ) happiness .For the Hardcore Top-down shooter masters , For Those Brave enough to loop games and beat the unbeatable , masters of Dead Ahead Hard Mode ( noone will recognise this reference ) , Because there just cant be a limit of how badass you are at something .That pretty much sums it up , hope you enjoyed the time you just wasted on this review , and.... well , i guess i should warn you about how many commas i just spammed into this review.....Oh Well..."
,Recommended,311690,29524272,Posted: 27 January,all,BirdMan,"Once I tried really hard to win, I got to the second level. I was so happy..."
,Recommended,311690,30236036,Posted: 28 February,all,Cheesy Blasters!,"Easily my favorite new game of 2016! Wacky weapons, items, enemies, and bosses easily add up to one really fun bullet hell style game. The gungeon is a punishing place for a lot of gamers. You will be flipping tables, and rolling past bullets to stay alive. You will have to conserve ammo for powerful boss battles. But you will also find the gungeon is riddled with secrets, treasures, and shrines to try to dull the pain for you. Your task is to make your way through the levels of the gungeon to find the gun that can destroy the past. You are given 4 characters, but a boatload of weapons to try to accomplish your goals. Guns are the whole point to the game, each has its strengths and weaknesses, some you may recognize from other video games. The right gun or passive item combo could make or break a boss fight, which sometimes can just be a screen filled to the brim with bullets you are suppose to dodge.Since the game generates a different game session everytime you start, gamers like me can appreciate the fact that you can just jump right into a fresh new game everytime you load up. Who knows what will happen to you in your next gungeon crawl, but if you are like me you will probably get shot a lot."
76561198177076765,Recommended,311690,28857612,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Purple,ok well im gonna switch my reviewI enter the gungeon die restartfind a new gun looks cool go to the boss die restartbeat the first boss then die on the first room restartall around this game is Great.
,Recommended,311690,31200439,Posted: 17 April,all,JCFrito,"Absolutely awesome, took everything that was good from The Binding of Isaac, yet none of the bad stuff. The game is very well balanced, challenging and most of all, lots of fun. I suggest you try using a controller. Definitely recommended."
76561198113577657,Recommended,311690,31134656,Posted: 14 April,all,Hobowizard,I am not a huge fan of bullet hells or rogue-lites. I love this game anyways.
,Recommended,311690,22540703,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Mexidankus Bartholemewl,This game is one of my new favorite games that also makes me want to put a hole through my monitor.10/10
76561198338243811,Recommended,311690,31145475,Posted: 14 April,all,Finn_Diggle,"Enter the Gungeon is a nonstop thrill ride of guns, bullets and rolling.  There's so much content in this game, that I'm going to split this review up into four parts.  Guns/Items, Enemies/Bosses, the Gungeon it's self, and gameplay.GUNS AND ITEMS:There are so many guns and items in this game.  They all do different things, making it even more impressive how many items and guns there are.  Let's start with guns.  The guns have an insane amount of variety, needing you learn how to adapt and change your strategy based on what guns you obtain.  The guns vary from a sword that shoots beams at full health, a guy on a scateboard who is more powerful depending on how well you reload, and even things like a shotgun shell that shoots shotguns (Because gungeon).  The items are broken into two different catagories; active and passive.  Active items are your typical things, only one can be held at a time (unless certain passive items are obtained), and they're pretty normal things; moltovs, turrets, portable black holes...  All of which have certain situations that they're useful in.  Passive items, on the other hand, are effects that generally make your life easier.  There's your normal stuff, like wings that make it so you don't fall in pits, but then there's your weirder things, like the helic bullet, which causes your guns to shoot two bullets at 2/3 power that flip over eachother as DNA would.  All the different guns and items make every run feel different, causing it to not become stale.ENEMIES AND BOSSES:The enemies mainly consists of evil bullets with guns.  But if you watched the trailer, you'd know that.  Many of the enemies have different attacks, health, speed, and different ways of dodging and countering them.  The bosses are cool, and most of their names are puns, ie. Dragun, Gatling gull, and Cannonbalrog.  Each floor has three different bosses (Except the last tw- one), and one is randomly selected in floor generation.  This, is also another factor that causes the game to feel replayable and random, not really knowing what you're up against.THE GUNGEON:The Gungeon is where the majority of the game takes place, and it's comprised of 5-9 floors (There are a few floors that are debatable).  There's the breach (One of the debatable floors, the others will not be talked about due to spoilers), which is where you choose your character.  During your travels in the gungeon, you can resue NPCs from prison cells, and they will move into the breach. Some of these NPCs will set up shops, where you can buy things that will then be added to the items and guns you can find down bellow.  It is the top floor of the gungeon, and hosts the enterance to the main gungeon, as well as the tutorial.  Down bellow, there are a variety of different floors, each with some enemies exclusive to the floor.  As well as that, the overal asthetic of each floor is very different from the others, making them all really stand out.  The Gungeon is also completely randomly generated, meaning that you can't really know exactly where you're going, you just burst into a room, and hope you don'y die.GAMEPLAY:I'm getting a bit tired of writing this review to be honest, so I'm just going to say that the controls are amazing and fluid.  as well as that, you feel that you are genuinely improving with each run, slowly maing progress.Overal, good game, buy it.  I'm gonna go do something that doesn't require furious finger tapping."
,Recommended,311690,29551713,Posted: 28 January,all,eXo,Died to a giant bullet wearing glasses because I didn't reload my pillow fast enough.Died in a minecart drive-by.Died because barrels are explodey.Died because giant roller things are squishy.Died when a treasure chest turned me into poop.Died to a seagull with a chaingun.Died in a ravine when my inflatable balloon gun popped.Died in the very first room because I forgot the game maps are randomly generated and gungeon has no time for tears.There are hundreds of guns. My favourite is banana.Most addictive table flipping simulator everBuy it for shotguns. So many shotguns. Shotguns for all occasions.Sawed off shotguns. Alien shotguns. Shotguns that shoot shotguns. Shotgun; now comes with axe. A crossbow? Nope.. shotgun in disguise
,Recommended,311690,29410995,Posted: 21 January,all,Oberon,YOU DARN RATS GET OFF MY PROPERTY!
76561198118063964,Recommended,311690,31172011,Posted: 15 April,all,-Keat-,This game is a fun dungeon crawling adventure unique to itself with fun easter eggs scattered about.
76561198052372769,Recommended,311690,27342954,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheCherryOnTop,"I'm nominating this for the Steam Awards write in category, ""Best Use of Puns"". Not only is the game fast and fun, it has every kind of gun, pun, and gun pun you could want! Pun even rhymes with gun, making this a lock to win Best Use of Puns; also the game is very enjoyable with a tight and quick gameplay loop, endless replayability and a nice stiff challenge. Come for the puns, stay for the fun!"
76561198013617132,Recommended,311690,28662195,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Listen you,"I cant get past lv3, 10/10"
76561198122563656,Recommended,311690,31185979,Posted: 16 April,all,MajorAw3sume24,very addictive........
76561198004470264,Recommended,311690,31140007,Posted: 14 April,all,Sagan,"A fantastically addictive and challenging game!It will beat you down, crush you, compact you, and you will either be spit out a broken gamer, or hardened into a diamond.The soundtrack is dope and comes courtesy of a Mr. Doseone of 13 & God, Deep Puddle Dynamics, Subtle, and Go Go Dark! fame.The weapons are varied from the lamest pea shooter to the most epic black hole generating monster.It takes time, but eventually, you can unlock everything."
,Recommended,311690,22372603,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Ponis,"Very fun game, really difficult but I think I'm just a scrub."
,Recommended,311690,25572766,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,{yelloh} N1ghtyH4wk,"This game is so hard if you have a keyboard and mouse. You can barely survive the first stage. Overall, I rate 7/10. Buy at your own risk. However, I found the gameplay satisfactory, so don't take it too literally"
76561198000634230,Recommended,311690,31145927,Posted: 14 April,all,Crazy Bones,"Great pacing throughtout the game that scales with you as you become more experienced. There's tons to unlock and the secrets just keep coming. Cute characters along with loads of interesting weapons that are surprisingly well designed. It's all you could ask for in a rogue like dungeon crawler.This is one of the best games I've come across in a long time. If you're considering getting it, just pick this gem up already. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,311690,30258501,Posted: 1 March,all,Ester,"One of the best bullet hell, rogue games that I've EVER played and recommend it for everyone!Plus there's references to multiple things, like ♥♥♥♥ing Ghostbusters!!!"
,Recommended,311690,30251081,Posted: 28 February,all,SpicyPepperGames,"Never before, has a video game wowed me with great graphics, amazing and challenging gameplay. You have to focus between dodging and movement, whilst being a gun toting marine/hunter/pilot/convict/bullet link/robot. It's guns are incredibly funny and effective, while being hilarious. This game is very hard, and you must keep on your toes. Bullets. Are. Everywhere. Keep moving dodge rolling, and shooting. Don't expect this game to give items to you, because it won't. Be persistent and fight! Did I mention bosses? There are a lot, and they are tough. Honestly recommend this game to anyone, especially roguelike fans.Also there's lazers.Pew Pew Pew!11/10 Would die 47 times in a row again"
76561198240942254,Recommended,311690,30210582,Posted: 26 February,all,Jt the Red,It's the best game ever. I mean not ever but it's really good.
,Recommended,311690,30218529,Posted: 27 February,all,Nathan,One of my favorite roguelikes out there currently.Very fluid gameplay with a bit of a challenge along with a variety of characters and items to mix it up.Great story that is complimented along with the music and graphic style of the gungeon.
76561198081601150,Recommended,311690,28862648,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dreadnova Dankplank,"This game is very fun if you are roguelike fan, this game has lots of replayability and its very good if you like challenge. COOP is also massively fun so ye.... buy it : ^)"
,Recommended,311690,29232616,Posted: 13 January,all,Vini,"Really great game, but i'd love a multiplayer take to this. That's my own personal opinion and problem with it, overall it's so cute and such an addicting game."
,Recommended,311690,29235093,Posted: 13 January,all,Whoneedspacee,"Very good game, playable for many hours with many achievements and new things to do."
76561198147534520,Recommended,311690,31064509,Posted: 10 April,all,bgamer222,"this is one of the hardest games ive played, but defenitly rewarding. You should defenitly pick it up."
,Recommended,311690,23265282,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Accidental Pterodactyl,This game has more dodge rolls than Leslie Hall has body rolls.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1c2KzJbcGA
,Recommended,311690,29207520,Posted: 12 January,all,GOduOfTheNorth,"I'd like to address the complaints that this game has been getting. Most complaints I've seen in the steam reviews are actually quite accurate. The game features a ton of RNG when it comes to level progression. (If you want more specifics, read other reviews that complain about the RNG) Of course, where some players find the RNG game breaking, I find it's what keeps bringing me back. Enter the Gungeon's focus on conservation and taking advantage of good situations when they come around keeps you on your toes, and fits perfectly with the bullethell-esk difficulty of combat. Rarely will you enter a situation where you feel perfectly content with your arsenal, as there's always something you don't have enough of, be it ammo, health, good weapons, ect. The RNG dictates the challenges you'll face in any given stage, creating a wide variety of different situations. Now, granted, I am aware that this doesn't appeal to everyone, but these features create a rather unique experience for those interested."
,Recommended,311690,31002243,Posted: 7 April,all,Da' Shoe,"Amazing game that will take over your life. Be careful, it is worse than factora."
,Recommended,311690,29177490,Posted: 10 January,all,Crash Killjoy,One of the most entertaining game I've ever played.
,Recommended,311690,29327088,Posted: 17 January,all,GabrielMoose,Really Really fun and funny Roguelike/Bullet Hell game with 100+ hours of gameplay!
,Recommended,311690,31008035,Posted: 7 April,all,Weeaboo Nerd,"It's great, honestly.You want BoI but with better aimingcome here my friend"
,Recommended,311690,29354097,Posted: 19 January,all,mmmm water good,its like studio trigger decided to make a touhou game and the result was this. and it is perfect
76561198210858301,Recommended,311690,29322734,Posted: 17 January,all,bigbosskuwt,good game
,Recommended,311690,29321163,Posted: 17 January,all,soullessman,enter the gunteon is like binding of isaac (check coputer 100 dislikes)
76561198119158109,Recommended,311690,29280019,Posted: 15 January,all,Aweror,"Fun and challenging game, with tons of unique fun weapons and items to abuse. Please balance the difficulty, though. I'm stuck on level one."
76561198010299955,Recommended,311690,31025651,Posted: 8 April,all,[TDaF]ABadRash,"rogue-like-like/dungeon crawler/bullet hell where you shoot actual bullet/weapon themed enemies (see: gorgun, hollow points)I can beat nuclear throne but I can't get past the second floor here more often than not (probably a 40% chance on any given run, gitgud.jpeg)It's a fun game with a ton of references, jokes, and ♥♥♥♥ing GUNS that all feel new and exciting every run. Easily one of the GoTY 20169.5/10"
76561198070140106,Recommended,311690,29770711,Posted: 7 February,all,Gunslinger Rafa,tons of guns to sling!Very hard!Hours to price ratio is very good
76561198174882254,Recommended,311690,29801747,Posted: 9 February,all,Asgore_D,"This game is super hard, but that does not mean it is bad. When I'm writing this I still didn't beat floor 2. But the speed and difficulty in this game makes it a masterpiece, and it takes a lot of time to get good at it. Really challenging. Also a little question: I don't know if it is there yet, but if not: Can you add co-op gameplay? This way I can get my friends also into this game and it would even be better. The guys who made this are sitting on a flipping goldmine. Thanks again for this wonderful game!"
76561198106465353,Recommended,311690,29795379,Posted: 8 February,all,Killer Queen,"To begin, if you dont like difficult rogue-likes, this game will probably not be for you. BUT, for the rest of the world that knows a good ♥♥♥♥in game when they see one, get Enter The Gungeon. literally so much content (on top of the free content updates) this game is the pinnacle of rogue-likes. So many unlockables and secrets, just.. just get the game. Also, incredible attnetion to detail, this game has its own charm. best pixel graphics i've ever seen."
76561198066974779,Recommended,311690,29838709,Posted: 10 February,all,Jordan4304,Incredible!! started playing the game and couldn't stop for weeks. Classic arcade game with near unlimited unlockables so you always feel like your working towards a goal to fill up that ammonicon. 10/10 would read puns again.
76561198202484344,Recommended,311690,29838960,Posted: 10 February,all,abemonkeyman (neato king),"This game is fantastic! Unfortunateley, the is less refined so it's hard to get past even chamber one. But don't lose hope and keep working at it, and it'll pay off big time. Trust me."
,Recommended,311690,29851808,Posted: 11 February,all,707,"it's quite hard but otherwise, its good,"
76561198068895500,Recommended,311690,29856003,Posted: 11 February,all,PAPI-RUSS B,Me encanta el juego la dicultad y todo esta genial las armas las referencias y todo me parecen buenisimas todas ... lo que no me parece bien es que en la cuarta planta uno de los bosses que es el de la capucha  tiene un ataque que es algo injuso por que yo juego a bajos graficos y no se ve uno de los ataque porque las balas tienen brillo pero a baja calidad ese brillo no se ve y son golpes de gratis porque si lo recomdearia 100 % pero siempre estara eso ahi
76561198103470960,Recommended,311690,29857125,Posted: 11 February,all,Cojiro,"Woud love to play this game, its fun and enjoyable, except for when it crashes constantly while fighting the main boss of the game. There is a bug that freezes that screen while your playing, but does not freeze the actual gameplay, so you can't see anything that is going on and you die and lose all of your progress. Would love it if this would be fixed."
76561198004413298,Recommended,311690,30027695,Posted: 18 February,all,MochaStim,Great bullet hell game. The death animation is insulting.
76561198078655424,Recommended,311690,30026748,Posted: 18 February,all,Ninjazilla the Gwizard,ETG is one of the few most fun games that I have played in a while and with brutal difficalty (in my opeion) always has me comming backthe only problem is i wish there would be an onlie co-op system so the game wouldn't be so dificalt or so i can have fun with a pal while we both get crushed
76561198210728505,Recommended,311690,30021164,Posted: 18 February,all,bananasamarai,"This game is real neato, but takes serious practice before it's rewarding. If you're not into games with some challenge then steer clear of this one."
76561198083711221,Recommended,311690,29973210,Posted: 16 February,all,ExplosiveHippo,I got to incinerate sentient bullet people with Satan's head.
,Recommended,311690,30003954,Posted: 18 February,all,Zeruel,"good game challenging hope it gets more releasesconi think the hitbox is pretty big and cant be seen right ,  i would like a hitbox shsadow"
,Recommended,311690,30036749,Posted: 19 February,all,Beeshu,"Enter the Gungeon instantly replaced Binding of Isaac as soon I started playing.+ Skill-based bullet hell gameplay: Focus on dodging and aiming rather than just item builds.+ Great and colorful pixel art graphics.+ Ridiculous guns that are really fun to use and feel very different from each other.+ Easy to learn, hard to master.+ Unlock items: You're time isn't being wasted. Unlock new items as you play.- Big boss, no gun: You could get unlucky with the early gun drops and have to face a hard boss with your default pea-shooter.Enter the Gungeon is one of the best roguelite permadeath Binding of Isaac-style games out there, and in my opinion, it destroys Binding of Isaac. Skill focused bullet hell action with ridiculous guns beats boring tear shots and restarting every 5 seconds 'cause you didn't get the right items.Simolius - February 2017"
76561198120188685,Recommended,311690,27617531,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yosemite777,"Bullets everywhere, EVERYWHERE !"
76561198053543496,Recommended,311690,27619501,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AmiableWookie,"Dodge-Roll for the win! I have played all the way through this game twice, if a rogue-like can be played all the way through. The guns are silly and fun, the enemies are punny, and the entire Gungeon is trying to kick your♥♥♥♥♥I would recommend this to any who like rogue-likes, and to any who like to dodge-roll to a table, flip it, and then bust out from behind it and lay waste to the enemies in the room with a vertebral AK-47"
,Recommended,311690,27610238,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Straydoge,"Polished rogulite with good art, gameplay and ideas.First bullet hell game that I've actually enjoyed."
76561198045913978,Recommended,311690,27610864,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jon Snoow,pew pew pew nonstop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198089916574,Recommended,311690,27887018,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Communist Ribosomes,11/10 would pun again
76561198178835739,Recommended,311690,27891800,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Liquid can't count to 16,Very good looking and fun game.  It has tons of unique guns and items as well as a cool ending for each character.
,Recommended,311690,23056998,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,jaffaz,"I don't know that I have ever both loved and hated a game in equal parts as much as Enter the Gungeon.Yes it's hard, but the key to beating it is experimentation and effort.Keep pushing, keep unlocking new items and you can and will beat it. And when you do, the satisfaction is incredible.Highly recommended if you're looking for a challenge!"
,Not Recommended,311690,27930359,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SuperJakendo,"While I do love the game's graphics and concept, I personally don't want to recommend the game. Bullet Hells and randomized dungeon-crawing are kind of appearing all over the place, so what makes this one stand out would be its charming pixel-graphics and its references to many other games, to me at least. I will totally admit that the game's insane difficulty and rogue-like qualities kind of takes away from me enjoying it. It's really just a matter of taste; I'm not into games where the difficulty is completely over the top and where Game Overs just send you back to the beginning. If there was a better sense of progression, I'd probably like the game more.Overall, all I can say is that I never felt motivated to actually make it to the end, and the game is way too unforgiving and punishes you hard for tiny mistakes. If you're looking for a bullet-hell dungeon crawler, here's the game for you. If you're looking for an adventure that you can kick back and relax to, look elsewhere. (Hardcore & Masochistic - Yes. Casual and Genuinely Enjoyable - No)."
,Recommended,311690,25561584,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ReadySpaghetti,I hate this game
76561198025226850,Recommended,311690,27917561,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GatorLava,Cool game. I like that every play of the game is a different layout.
,Recommended,311690,27917696,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dippy Fresh,"This game is pretty freaking good, would recommend."
,Recommended,311690,27915984,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bob4Lob,omg GOTY
76561198104646030,Recommended,311690,30108360,Posted: 22 February,all,Mr Crunch,"Absolutely fantastic game, the mechanics are very fun and intuitive and it runs perfectly. The refferences are funny and it's just, a really good play. 12/10, would gungeon again."
76561198027939029,Recommended,311690,29965409,Posted: 16 February,all,PlasmaScale,Beating Dragun is the most satisfying thing I've ever experienced.
76561198080992181,Recommended,311690,29962888,Posted: 16 February,all,Drewguardo,"Better then Isac, Online multiplayer plz."
,Recommended,311690,30043060,Posted: 19 February,all,TONS OF DAMAGE,I suk at this game but its good stuff.8/10
,Recommended,311690,30043104,Posted: 19 February,all,Oppression,I love it. 10/10
,Recommended,311690,30041396,Posted: 19 February,all,bobi897,hard as♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,311690,30051596,Posted: 19 February,all,Xerfo,"Highly addicting, well worth the price for the replay value. If you were a fan of Isaac, no doubt will this game be fun. Have the option to play 4 characters with a variety of different play styles. Game is hard at first, then once the game starts rolling and you pick it up, it becomes easier and here's where the replay value shows it. With 100+ guns and items, (actives and passives ) its not as crowded as Isaac and therefore easier to learn and know what items do. If you're willing to pay some time for this game, it will be one of the best decisions you probably made for a rogue-like type game! :)"
76561198348441345,Recommended,311690,30052249,Posted: 19 February,all,gabeharris50,I love this game so much!! It is hard but it is fun! I do wish there was a part of the game where you could put together your own kind of run like mix items that would other wise not work well together in a normal round.
,Recommended,311690,29998906,Posted: 17 February,all,Boing Boom Tschak,"There are just so many guns. If you love guns, get this. There is a bullet that shoots guns, A shotgun shell that shoots shotguns, The Quad laser from Aqua teen, The wind up rifle from Futurama, many guns paying homage to indie games; such as the bleeding edge upcoming game STRAFE® [Available March 28, buy that too], and even a gun shaped like a lowercase ""r"" that shoots, instead of bullets, the letters to the word ""BULLET"". It even says bullet to remind you that it is, in fact, shooting bullets.With clever and radical guns, there is just no stop to the gunplay."
,Recommended,311690,30302430,Posted: 3 March,all,Dr. Milky Water,What's a gun law?
76561198129443555,Recommended,311690,31211223,Posted: 17 April,all,lstorbakken,"I love rogue and retro likes so I bought this game on a hunch.  The game reminds me of something you would find at the arcade, something you would pump quarter after quarter in. Luckily you just pay 14.99 and save your quarters..PROS.1)Very well crafted and fun gameplay. A lot of love went into this game.2)Atmosphre is nostalgic, feels like a SNES remake of some sort.3)Weapons are nostalgic, with guns from Earthworm Jim, Mega Man, Ghost Busters. Not suprised if I find a light saber soon...4) Easy to pick up and play, even has built in tutorial.5) Challenging6) Unique in some ways. Destructible items like tables and books etc. Tables can be flipped and used as sheilds.CONS1) Fun up to a point.. grinding the same guys and levels over and over gets old.2) The problem with nostalgia is that the screen resolution is so low that you can't see half the enemies. I get killed by stuff that I can't even see.. PRO TIP, move horizontal vs vertically when posible.3) The nostalgic items are few and far between. I LOVE getting the ghostuster gun, I've had it about 3 times after dozens and dozens of runs.4) It is easy to play but infuriating to master. The RNG can screw you big time. If you have reflexes of a computer and nerves of steel you will go far.5) Yes its challenging but i shouldn't be expected to dodge roll and use a pea shooter to beat the game because I got crappy RNG rolls.6) RNG. (Random power ups and guns). You may get two chests per level. They may be crappy chests. They may be mimic chests that damage you. The items in the chest may curse you. This is assuming you have keys which are not very common. I love completing a level and getting essentially worthless bonus guns or upgrades. I find myself resetting the game over and over until I get a good level and bonuses.7) Nostalgia was lost on the music, which is uninspired and which I turned down.8) Not as unique as the game could be, though you could sell action figures as collectables very easily.  The characters are very bullet in cheek ;)9) Flipping tables seems cool at first. However the tables get in the way more than anything. Dying because a table tripped you up is infuriating. Maybe have a mechanic that lets you flip the table away and damage enemies in the way?10) So many ways to die. Falling, poison, fire, bullets, being pushed off a ledge, a bullet off screen that you didn't see, enemies exploding into dozens of bits of shrapnel, grenades... ok getting tired, you get the point.CONCLUSIONThe price is about right, though i'd rather buy Ziggurat here on Steam for the same price. Just my humble opinion. But if you already have Ziggurat or you hate 3d then this is the ticket!If you want a nostalgic RNG grinder from hell, this is it. With just enough fun suprises to keep you going for a bit. The first time I got the ghostbuster gun, that pretty much payed for the game itself in nostalgic fun. The marine even resembles Winston a bit.You had better love intense non-forgiving gameplay because you get 6 or 7 HP max and a lot of bad guys and few upgrades along the way. I feel like I've gotten my money's worth, though it is not as fast paced and rewarding of some rogue likes lilke Ziggurat or Risk of Rain."
76561198308975164,Recommended,311690,30372432,Posted: 7 March,all,etlonjonh,"A fun game with a steep learning curve, it scratches the Issac itch, but on the surface feels harder and unique."
,Recommended,311690,29927777,Posted: 14 February,all,mikekillu,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,311690,29931276,Posted: 14 February,all,Xeno,Yes.
,Recommended,311690,29932296,Posted: 14 February,all,npesta,"I loooooooove this game! I wasn't very good at first, but eventually I got the hang of it and now I'm a lead god! I would recommend it to anyone wanting a challenge, and I have. Those who I have recommened it to have also love it. Seriously, 10/10, play this game!!!!"
,Recommended,311690,29933109,Posted: 14 February,all,W+M1 MASTER,I earnestly believe that this game should have been Game Of The Year 2016.
76561198258214604,Recommended,311690,29495616,Posted: 25 January,all,BlackHoleSon,"In my opinion, Enter the Gungeon is a must-have for people who like a good challenge. I know a lot of people like to play games just to relax and have a pretty chill time, so if you happen to be one of those people, be warned. Don't get me wrong, this game rocks, but you have to be ready if you intend to get this game. Even though I just started and only have six or seven hours logged, I feel like I can safely say that the rest of the game is going to be quite a trip. And honestly, I don't care how many times I might die - I'm going to have an awesome time doing so."
,Recommended,311690,29563243,Posted: 29 January,all,True JonnyB,"If you like rogue-like, dungeon-crawl and bullet hell games flavoured with a pinch of pixel art this game wont dissapont you."
76561198280636535,Recommended,311690,29643397,Posted: 1 February,all,EzMoneyBB,Awesome game guys my favorite on steam for a long time now
76561198004771313,Recommended,311690,29656108,Posted: 2 February,all,ELMTxVash,"This game is highly addictive. If you like hard games and refuse to give up I suggest buying this game..maybe im a scrub but 36 hours in and i still haven't beat it...and i dont mean 100% i mean i havent beat it at all..the forth floor is the furthest ive managed to make it..Pros:Loads of funReferences galorehard as hellreplay valueCons:Got stuck in a minecart durring a great run once...Co-op is a bit of a♥♥♥♥♥♥show because depending on where your friend decides to go your movement could be very limited (the majority of my time has been spent in co-op)No online co-opBasically dont listen to the haters..they are all scrubs..hell im a scrub but I dont give up i start another run..To say the game is unfair is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t..If you keep playing you will improve..when i started i could barely make it to floor 2. and now im making it to the 3rd floor boss consistantlyif you die its your fault 98% of the time..sure there will be big clusters of bullets that you cant roll out, of but most of that is due to you being a scrub and staying in the same area allowing it to get that way.TLDR (not that I wrote alot to begin with)The game is very challenging and fun, IF you're not a scrub who whines like a little ♥♥♥♥♥..Ill be playing it daily untill 100% (and thats gonna take a LONGGG time)"
,Recommended,311690,29665259,Posted: 3 February,all,Dinhjason,"Woof, hard game. Great gameplay and just love the character and world design. GOOD STUFF."
,Recommended,311690,29667067,Posted: 3 February,all,BuzDBumblebee シ,the games premise is there are a ton of guns... no thats the borderlands serieshow about incredibly hard difficulty in a roguelike  ... no thats binding of isaachmm... why not mash the two together?ENTER THE GUNGEON
,Recommended,311690,29669652,Posted: 3 February,all,Jebaited Arch user,This game is simply amazing!
76561198004565666,Recommended,311690,29684077,Posted: 3 February,all,brickey.8,"10 hours in so far. I'll be amazed if I don't hit 50 hours eventually.10/10. If you liked Isaac but thought it was too forgiving and didn't change your shot type often enough, you'll love this."
76561198152302191,Recommended,311690,29132811,Posted: 8 January,all,沃特法克,very very  nice game! but we  need chinese！we need chinese! we need chinese!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198071307463,Recommended,311690,29285825,Posted: 15 January,all,Pugshotgun,Nuclear throne and Binding of Isaac mixed is the best way to describe this fun and amazing rouge-like shooter.
,Recommended,311690,29553665,Posted: 28 January,all,Artechz,Best rogue-like I've ever played10/10
,Recommended,311690,29553659,Posted: 28 January,all,The Final Extinguisher,Carried a broken TV through 4 floors of dangers only to unlock the most difficult character in the game.11/10 would get played again.
,Recommended,311690,29552946,Posted: 28 January,all,Kirov,This game has an incredible flow and is a blessing for the Rogue like(lite?) genre. The music and pixelart is just beautiful. It's really challenging but incredibly fun to play. Enter the Gungeon if you dare to take the shot!
76561198257524916,Recommended,311690,29552357,Posted: 28 January,all,Kirbo,"K ima make this quick and honest.This game has royally kicked my♥♥♥♥♥in.I lose so much and at one point a headset flew across this room and out a window.But, I never stop unlocking stuff,The gameplay is addicting as hell,and I just got an update adding content to the game for free.So yeah buy it. (On sale while you can.)"
,Recommended,311690,29549941,Posted: 28 January,all,Friendly,"What I would have to call excellent about this game is the guns, the guns, the bullts, the firearms, the guns, and the guns. It's a wonderfully smooth playing gun gun gun gun gun with engagingly punishing boss fights where gun gun gun gun personality and gun.If you like beautifuly designed two dee art, a simple but oddly mysterious 'plot', and guns, you should gun bullet gun shoot gun!"
76561198124422376,Recommended,311690,29452899,Posted: 23 January,all,joeybentonic,I love this game!!1
76561198133343586,Recommended,311690,29529591,Posted: 27 January,all,grayhood,good
,Recommended,311690,29546391,Posted: 28 January,all,Kantig!!!,The game is great! The art style and color mixed with great gameplay makes this a game worth your time and money! bought it on sale which is a bonus!
76561198056335135,Recommended,311690,29546780,Posted: 28 January,all,Canadian Menace,"Very fun and challinging, multiplayer is amazing! I just wish you could play multiplayer with 2 or more computers instead of just local co-op. Also, I wish you could have more than just 2 players. In conclusion, I recommend this game for advanced players ONLY!!!"
76561198165978856,Recommended,311690,29543910,Posted: 28 January,all,DaFelineTaco,"Great game, 26 hours in the last 2 weeks. Love the new update as well"
76561198010596655,Recommended,311690,28025495,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mullman18,it's literal the game i thought of in college.
76561198050484139,Recommended,311690,28152786,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Crannberry Sauce,Frustratingly Fun
76561198060655745,Recommended,311690,28185885,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ErykDante,It's nice
76561198143403806,Recommended,311690,28174280,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,RellX,With guns that are often stupidly ingenious and with hours apon hours of replayabity. The game is not only frustratingly fun but also strangly addicting gameplay-wise this game desserves more attention than it gets.Also you can flip tables.
76561197983850136,Recommended,311690,28195944,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,opdyman,Sweet game to blast records to and play for 5 min or 5 hours.
76561198153568631,Recommended,311690,28179293,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,A Box Of Lemons,TFW all your friends have binding of issac but you play this instead
,Recommended,311690,28179326,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,koons /\,Worth every dime
76561198029365239,Recommended,311690,28177892,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,"Sid Meier <3 (No, really)","Beat the 5th chamber after 12 hours with the Marine. The planets all aligned and I started off with a rainbow chest in the first treasure room. Eventually I got up to 6 hearts, 4 armour, and a fantastic amount of guns and passives!I now call upon the forces of the universe to favour me once again so I can repeat my run.Super fun game!"
76561198082591990,Recommended,311690,28072469,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DarkZepp,"Fun game, very challenging. It sticks to its theme well. Lots of different weapons available. If you like the genre I definitely suggest picking this game up."
,Recommended,311690,28020979,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Super Jesus Dovahkiin,awesome replay and challenge and overall fun enjoying this for hours
,Recommended,311690,28030731,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Soma CruZZZ,I only beat my first run yesterday and I've had this game for 4 monthsGreat game though
76561198114251061,Recommended,311690,27948254,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Generic Rogue,10/10
,Recommended,311690,28118100,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Kranklafan,"Great rogulike, soundtrack and visual design is the most polish of any rogulike i played yet, gunplay feels really tight and responsive, dont know what else to say; has replaced binding of isaac as my favorite rogulike."
,Recommended,311690,27953046,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rone,Epic game. 9.5/10Would be nice to have a dlcKiller ending(s) for each dude you play as.
,Recommended,311690,28229220,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Beastie,"This Game is HardThis game can be hard to grasp at first and it can be very unforgiving.Not for the faint of heartBUTIf you like RNG, GUNS, TWIN STICK SHOOTERS, AND BULLET HELLS THAN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!I highly suggest this for people who are familar with the themes listed above, this game will keep you enthralled with it's difficult yet rewarding gameplay.If you have the money (and Skill) I suggest you pick this up!"
76561198254768754,Recommended,311690,28275110,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Orange Soda,"As difficult as the game is, i'm in love with it. It's got the same feel as ""Binding of Isaac"", but at the same time it's different enough that it's easy to understand it's a completely different game. There are a lot of things, I will say, that aren't directly explained in the game (Such as the uses for certain NPC's, uses for ""Shrine"" rooms, etc.).While all that may be true I do enjoy the game a lot. It stresses me out at times and I have to take breaks quite often but it always keeps me coming back and wanting more. I'd imagine it could be more fun with a friend as well, sadly there is no online co-op and I don't have any gaming friends in real life, so i'm still missing out on a decently major portion of the game. The item combos can be extremely fun as well. Like the game and trailers imply as well, the boss battles are ruthless and even when you think you found a little glitch or trick with the boss, a followup run after you die is sure to disprove you.All in all for a Rogue-Like game, one of my favorites genres, i'd give it a solid 9/10. Everything is executed well and there is a minor tutorial at the start of the game to help guide you. The graphics are beautiful for the idea they had in mind and it can run well on lower-graphics PC's like mine.My final thoughts, if you enjoyed ""Binding of Isaac"" or others similar to it, i'd try this game out. Well worth the money!"
76561198081053541,Recommended,311690,28208920,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,T0talfail,"So as you can see, i have a lot of time in this game. I LOVE IT, but it hates me. Kind of a love/hate relationship at the moment, starting from when i downloaded it. I haven't beaten it yet. But I will. Eventually.The pixel art is charming and sometimes downright hilarious.There are guns, many many guns.There are also references, many many references.It is difficult, as shown by my complete lack of beating it yet.More Binding of Isaac: rebirth then Nuclear Throne map wise, (and items) but pulls very strongly on the Nuclear Throne vibe.You will cry, lots. But then you will be happy that you beat up a giant gun-wall (I havent done that one either).Overall I give this game an 8/10, just needs slightly more rng-related runs. Please try it!"
76561198164335996,Recommended,311690,24524115,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,SilentSyiph,"An outstanding game, with an amazingly unique concept, and plenty of ""OMG YES"" pop culture references.  The deaths in this game are so heartbreaking, like ""more than Dark Souls"" heartbreaking, because no matter how much skill you have, you're destined to die (and in the worst and most unforgiving way possible I might add), and you know that, chances are, you're never going live up to you're previous life and you physically cannot play again.  There isn't even any form of death forgiveness, ONCE YOU DIE YOU'RE DEAD, and any mistake you make will make death more certain, (that pretty much sums up Rogue-likes in general.)  I still reccomend this game, just when you buy it, PREPARE FOR A GAME THAT REDEFINES ""BULLET HELL"" (emphasis on the two words)."
76561198075534593,Recommended,311690,29706443,Posted: 4 February,all,Sigmund Freud,"Great game, very challenging, the new Supply Drop update improved on the game greatly, and I highly recommend buying Enter the Gungeon."
76561198275543315,Recommended,311690,29706927,Posted: 4 February,all,UltraNerd75,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198155476703,Recommended,311690,29658855,Posted: 2 February,all,Peanut,"This game ia like the binding of Isaac but with more gun puns, harder gameplay, and insane bosses, items, and guns.  If you want a very hard binding of Isaac with dungeon searching game, this is definitely the game for you. 😉"
76561198046652801,Recommended,311690,29658990,Posted: 2 February,all,sneakibastaad,"Great game!  But please note, this is local co-op only.  Bought a copy for myself and a friend, and was then disappointed to find that we couldn't play together unless we were at the same location.  Other than that, awesome!"
,Recommended,311690,29659477,Posted: 2 February,all,Lhant,"I'm keeping this short and simple (thought this game deserves walls of text praising it). This game is a challenging masterpiece. If you have any interest in the genres of ""Rogue Like"" / Top Down Shooter / Bullet Hell, this game is (in my opinion) a must have. The developers clearly have some passion for their work, as it shows right down to the item descriptions."
76561198134915469,Recommended,311690,29660849,Posted: 2 February,all,Billy,It's a good game except for people without patience. It is hard to play this game without raging.
,Recommended,311690,29660882,Posted: 2 February,all,Drinniol,"I love this game.It's honestly hard to go back to other top down shooter roguelikes after playing ETG because there's just so many things I didn't realize other games did WRONG until ETG came in and blew my ♥♥♥♥ing mind by doing them RIGHT.For instance, cutting out boring backtracking by adding teleporters to cleared rooms that can be activated at will AND reactivated to go back to wherever you were before.  So simple, yet SO GOOD.  Meanwhile, in Binding of Isaac (which I love) if you find a chest at the beginning of a level, then a key at the end of a level, have fun backtracking 10 rooms to open the damn thing, and then RE-backtracking to get back to where you were!So many little things like that that this game just NAILS that make it feel so good and fluid to play.  I mean, even just being able to DROP ANY ITEM.  Wow!  Why doesn't every game in this genre have this feature?  Find some wonky, interesting item that you don't really enjoy the effects of in your current loadout?  DROP IT.  You can actually experiment and not get punished for it.  Incredible!Or, how the game handles bosses.  Bosses have a DPS cap against them, which, while pretty high, means you don't just autowin if you get some broken combo.  This might seem bad, but what it means in practice is that the game can actually balance even the hardest bosses such that they are at least POSSIBLE to beat even with bad weapons.  In some other games in this genre, and again I'll pick on Binding of Isaac (I hurt you because I love you), many endgame enemies are balanced around the assumption that the player has picked up some absurd damage combo at some point, and as a result are completely IMPOSSIBLE (unless you want to dodge for an hour) if you haven't.  ETG completely avoids this failure mode.  You can absolutely kill even the end boss with crappy weapons.  It'll take a while, and be hard, but it won't take HOURS.  And you'll never one shot any boss (well, except for a specific, rare item only usable for that purpose) even if you do find some crazy combo.Again, picking on BOI, but it was always kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥that early floor bosses would take forever, but then you'd just ♥♥♥♥ing obliterate Satan or Mom's Heart later if you found the right synergy.  And you need to find the right synergy, because otherwise the later bosses would literally take 30 minutes to beat even with perfect play.But beyond the little things and the incredible polish, ETG is just a great and hilarious game with a large amount of content and more on the way.If you liked Binding of Isaac or Nuclear Throne or similar, this game will feel like a great, natural evolution and progression of the genre."
,Recommended,311690,29658660,Posted: 2 February,all,Thick Dick,Best game of 2016
,Recommended,311690,29364591,Posted: 19 January,all,brolyleman,"I first cracked this game, but I felt bad because it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and it gets updates + no microtransactions. You can play this offline too."
,Recommended,311690,29506762,Posted: 26 January,all,Rapha,"More than any other game I've ever played, this one has taught me the art of failing fast and failing often. The only way to get good at this game and progress is to get used to the idea that you will be dying a lot... but each death brings you just one experience point closer to being able to beat floors without damage. And I mean real experience points, not a progress bar in-game. It was really interesting to see myself get better at parsing the screen, seeing bullets and patterns I wasn't able to see the first 10 or 20 times. And after playing over 130 hours, mostly co-op with my husband, we are still learning more about the Gungeon and its secrets. The amount of content in this game is stagerring -- it genuinely feels like we are exploring a new, amazingly fantastical world, and I still can't wait to see more.This is not an easy game... but it IS possible to get Lead God. Believe me. ;)"
,Recommended,311690,29428613,Posted: 22 January,all,Generic Username,Ｅｅｅｅｅｅｎｔｅｒ　Ｔｈｅ　Ｇｕｎｇｅｏｎ，Ｅｅｅｅｅｅｎｔｅｒ　Ｔｈｅ　Ｇｕｎｇｅｏｎ，ＢｏｏｐａｄｏｏｐＩｓ　Ｒｅａｌｌｙ　Ｆｕｎ，　Ａｎｄ　Ｓｕｐｅｒ　Ｈａｒｄ
,Not Recommended,311690,28944761,Posted: 2 January,all,DJive,"*Purchased this game to only play as a couch co-op*This game is not a true co-op it is more a sidekick co-op meaning first player gets the full game characters, inventory and choices while the second player gets a dummy character with limited to no customization who is really just there for the ride.The game looks like fun if online or single player, but if you are looking for a fun couch co-op I would pass as the second player will get bored quickly."
,Recommended,311690,29489216,Posted: 25 January,all,kome360,"Once upon a time, on a magical planet, there lived a mystical blacksmith in a cursed dungeon whose swords were second to none. He built many wonderful artifacts, but each was secretly a sword. His blades were famed throughout the land, wielded by the greatest of heroes and overlords, but he always overcame any challengers and thieves with his rapidly progressing forge arts. His greatest triumph was the Sword of Destruction - a weapon so legendary, sparks of pure ruin shot out from its blade with every swing. It was a great weapon.Then someone important said ""♥♥♥♥ THAT"" and shot the dungeon with a giant bullet.Now the dungeon is a museum for ranged weapons, the blacksmith has been replaced with his technologically-saavy granddaughter, and the bottom of that lead-filled cavern contains the GREATEST weapon of all:A GUN THAT CAN KILL THE PAST.And remember, this is a dungeon literally made of guns. Prepare to die even more than you did in Dark Souls."
76561198130199034,Recommended,311690,29493953,Posted: 25 January,all,StatEffects,Bullets shoot bullets and you shoot the bullets with bullets.'nuff said
76561198064561702,Recommended,311690,29494211,Posted: 25 January,all,mpower2012,"Great for fans of Nuclear Throne and Binding of Isaac who want something a bit more challenging. I can't agree with many of the negative reviews here; it seems like sour grapes. Yes, this game is tough, but it isn't impossible. It didn't take me the 100+ hours I have logged to get most of the main unlocks, but getting the later achievements was a huge challenge. That's what I wanted - a tough, exciting game that has very few unfair deaths, and the potential for a better run next time. Looking forward to Supply Drop."
76561198247759050,Recommended,311690,29376572,Posted: 20 January,all,Control927,"The game is quite simple: Five Dungeon Levels(rooms are different every run), 4 character storyline so basically you need to clear the dungeon 20 times plus 4 final distinct bosses for each of the character and few secret bosses. And Its ROGUELIKE, you die you got to start all over, so if you get frustated easily than I wouldnt recommend it to you. Now the fun part about this game is you are gonna enjoy clearing dungeon levels each run, although most probably you are gonna die a lot without being able to complete the run and at the same time learn and see yourself improve at the game. Oh and the GUNS they are weird, funny and awesome."
,Recommended,311690,29379862,Posted: 20 January,all,AaronicXD,"hard. can't get past 1 level. but the level design is nice, the enemies are simple bullet puns, pixel art is always good, and more stuff. But it's hard"
,Recommended,311690,29339177,Posted: 18 January,all,the taste of ink,Like seriously the best roguelike game on steam right nowDifficultVariable item effectsGunsFree dlcEasy to learnMore gunsOverall I recommend this highly to anyone who likes nuclear throne or the binding of isaacDid i mention the guns
,Recommended,311690,29450138,Posted: 23 January,all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/982mbhRp5RMIt may not be the most therapeutic method with dealing with regrets, literally killing the past is definitely the most permanent ways to let the healing begin.A vibrant cast of characters and pun based basses fill 'Enter the Gungeon' with bullet on bullet violence as the rogue-like twin stick shooter takes on all challengers with it's steep challenge and killer soundtrack."
76561197971907871,Recommended,311690,29419200,Posted: 22 January,all,Ma5h,A cute roguelike for people that enjoy bullet hell shooters.
,Recommended,311690,29417076,Posted: 22 January,all,A Fricking Piece of Frick,"Very difficult compared to other similar games, but has some very good aspects about the game."
,Recommended,311690,29344273,Posted: 18 January,all,megathundercunt,"This is going to be the first review that i'll put some actual effort in.To start this off, usually people say that roguelikes aren't for everyone, for various reasons: too difficult, too hard to learn, mechanics are too hard to understand. But enter the gungeon is an exception, and to everyone, even if you don't like the roguelike genre, I would still very much appreciate it if you'd give this game a chance.Enter the gungeon is a roguelike bullet hell game that throws you in a procedurally generated dungeon (gungeon), which isn't called like that for nothing. The first enemies you encounter are probably going to be bullets. Not bullets fired by the enemies, actual bullets shooting guns. These bullets are the most adorable thing on planet earth, but can still give you a hard time in the beginning because they group up. There's also the rambo, which is just a bullet with a machine gun and a bandana.This game doesn't just play good, it looks good. This game is absolutely beautiful. The love that was given to this game during development really shows when you play it. You can roll through piles of books, you can destroy candles. This may seem like a stupid and unimportant thing, but it does give the world you live in a bit more personality.In enter the guneon, you can choose from 4 classes at the start of the game, and later there's 2 more unlockable characters I think (I haven't unlocked these characters yet, though). My personal favourite is the rogue, the rogue has one incredibly useful passive 'ability': the dog (I thought it was a hamster, but whatever). This dog finds items for you which you will really need when doing runs in this game, because health drops are scarce, and buying health is expensive (and sometimes the shopkeeper won't even sell it).Tip: DON'T SHOOT THE SHOPKEEPER. BAD IDEA.score: hamsterdog/10"
76561198069680705,Recommended,311690,29340647,Posted: 18 January,all,russellgamer,Fun Fun FUN
76561198042337351,Recommended,311690,29862155,Posted: 11 February,all,Ethan,10/10 guns10/10 puns10/10 DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODGE!!!!!!!!!11/10 HARD AS DIC (as in the company)10/10 references10/10 soundtrack10/10 unlocks10/10 reminds me of Spelunky0/10 Online Mulitplayer
,Recommended,311690,29866109,Posted: 11 February,all,Federal Autocrats of America,Forget About Your Relationship Simulator2017
,Recommended,311690,29862648,Posted: 11 February,all,uber reformed bro,i like the black guy
76561198349883374,Recommended,311690,29862760,Posted: 11 February,all,joako1014,this game is awesome is the best
,Recommended,311690,29864449,Posted: 11 February,all,Harpmony,"After this amount of playtime, i finally managed to beat this game.I can now dodge rain."
76561198133959585,Recommended,311690,30260773,Posted: 1 March,all,The Dream doc,Honestly one of the best games i have ever played. Fits well in the category and is enjoyable for hours! Do try!
76561198101963252,Recommended,311690,30138647,Posted: 24 February,all,-F00L-]V[eT@L-,Enter the FUNgeon...am I right?
76561198258029590,Recommended,311690,30254355,Posted: 28 February,all,woon9613,재밌어여
,Recommended,311690,30181991,Posted: 25 February,all,ghost squihb,i like it
76561198004493283,Recommended,311690,30266073,Posted: 1 March,all,tentacruel,"Sometimes the random level generation can be a bit unfair but it's over all still a lot of fun. I wish the co-op play got a bit more development, it feels really tacked on like an after thought."
76561198086533124,Recommended,311690,31059808,Posted: 10 April,all,SWOLE DEDEDE,Guns are fun. Bullets hurt. I've learned so much today.
76561198034190725,Recommended,311690,31110196,Posted: 12 April,all,kell4077,"There's not really much to add. Similar to Binding of Isaac, Risk of Rain, and Nuclear Throne in terms of core gameplay. Very well-polished and put-together. Steers heavily into its stupid thematic conceit, which is frankly brilliant and makes me grin like ^______^.If you like these kinds of games at all, this is a tough nut worth cracking at.Special nod to the art direction. Special glare to the High Priest."
,Recommended,311690,31110772,Posted: 12 April,all,J.McIntosh,"My god this game is fun, there is so many references to other games like Metal Gear Solid.This game is simple, and yet challenging. You will die a lot. Play it, over and over to rehone your skill to get past all the gungeons.I will recommend this game all except the pure fact that they missed a huge opportunity for online co-op =/I really wish they had it in this game."
76561198146057066,Recommended,311690,30168681,Posted: 25 February,all,FilipKing,Good game especialy when you are bored and once you start play it you will not want to leave :D
76561198238342676,Recommended,311690,30157304,Posted: 24 February,all,2lr,I personally LOVE THIS GAME beyond belief but I have one problem.  If the game creators see this please help I was playing and it crashed (first time and I still love it) and it didn't save so I lost all of my items for that run only but since I am le hardcore gamer all i'm gonna say is house refurnishing is in order.  I was using the Hunter and maybe it's only for that character but man was I mad other than that it is the ultimate game for an adventure shoot em up and is very hard to put down.  I have been playing this for 50+ hours and it is definitely going to go to 200-300 hours at least.  it has unique items ingame references and tough bosses.  it is almost only skill based but it also has a lot to do with what items you recieve.  it will entertain you for hours and hours to come but be wary of the secrets that lie within.  Ther is a world to discover in Enter The Gungeon.  Never stop playing and have an awesome day guys. :p
,Recommended,311690,30149965,Posted: 24 February,all,ProjectSnipe,Help
76561198076603646,Recommended,311690,30166592,Posted: 25 February,all,Dad,"Very nice game, so much love into it, it bursts! You think you've finished, but no there's more content! Then you bask at the scope and BAM still more content. My only complain would be that health drops are so rare and bosses are pretty long and tough. In fact I would have preferred if the game overall was tougher with more health drops with bosses maybe staying the same difficulty."
,Recommended,311690,30166636,Posted: 25 February,all,Booty McJohnson,"I very much enjoyed losing myself in this game. You will constantly discover new guns, each are unique which lends to lots of replayability.It has a slight learning curve, but it's a great feeling when you have a good run."
,Recommended,311690,30164996,Posted: 25 February,all,KazeFP,♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ing RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.10/10
76561198181734609,Recommended,311690,29553705,Posted: 28 January,all,Sith Lord,A fun and challenging game!
76561198086572606,Recommended,311690,30131967,Posted: 23 February,all,Storm Crow,"Awesome game and a new favorite. The concept is simple - you've got a gun and there's a dungeon full of unique and colorful enemies before you: go get 'em. But the Gungeon holds many challenges and it will take you dozens of hours to master the multiple floors and massive arsenal of weapons.Now listen and be warned: this game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥again and again and again. It is not for the faint of heart and if you want to defeat the Dragun and kill the Gungeoneers' pasts you better be ready to grind. Some people will say its all luck, that if you don't get a good gun or good item early you're doomed to fail. Don't listen to these people. Git gud.Pay attention to enemies: some have slight tells and all have unique attacks. Learn their patterns and behaviors. Use tables and cover to your advantage. Be patient, play smart, and practice, practice, practice. Bosses will take many attempts to understand and master, but don't worry - you will master them. Use the wiki and do some reading, you'll learn a lot.But worry not: you'll have a lot of fun along the way. Enter the Gungeon has a lot of polish and heaps of humor. It's always exciting to see what sort of ridiculous and epic weapons will bring you victory. A few of my favorites include a barrel that shoots fish, Deckard's gun from Blade Runner, a crate that fires anvils, and MegaMan's legendary arm cannon.The Gungeon rewards skill, knowledge, tight reflexes, and a cool head. Just the right amount of randomness is thrown in to keep your experience varied, but not so much to make the game frustrating to a skilled player. You will be punished for complacency, cockiness, and, as the game puts it, ""your own slow reflexes.""I wholeheartedly recommend this game to both fans and newcomers of the rogue-like genre. I feel it offers plenty of challenge and replayability to grizzled veterans, but also keeps noobies interested and entertained with its polish and downright cool guns.11/10 (Originally 10/10, see edit)Edit: Just completed my 4th past kill by repeatedly firing a shotgun full of squeaky teddy bears, hearts, and stars at a dragons heart. Buy this game."
76561198305693208,Recommended,311690,30172010,Posted: 25 February,all,dvpamgsu,good
,Recommended,311690,32391673,Posted: 13 June,all,Captain Blank,"An excellent mix of puns,challange,and guns.The only problem is that good RNG is needed to get some unlocks."
76561198397505587,Recommended,311690,32428918,Posted: 15 June,all,WalryTheWalrus,"This game is just amazing, highly reccomend!"
76561198097629172,Recommended,311690,32281209,Posted: 8 June,all,SnatchGaming,"Great blend of twin stick shooting, bullet hell, and rogue-like elements.  The gameplay is simple but gets quite hectic.  This is a tough one but so rewarding, and there is so much to unlock (especially with the free update) that you'll be busy for at least a couple hundred hours.  Once you start progressing far on every run, it can get a little monotonous at times, but otherwise this comes with the highest recommendation from me personally."
76561198032042421,Recommended,311690,32283151,Posted: 8 June,all,Laika408,"Extremely difficult and unforgiving bullet-hell rogue-lite. Very dependent on RNG and after 30+ hours I have not gotten past the third level, which I attribute to the rarity of finding decent weapons. Nice pixel art. I was looking for something similar to Binding of Isaac and while this is reminiscent at times, I found progression to be much more satisfying in Isaac which led me to stop playing EtG."
76561198072764255,Recommended,311690,32282653,Posted: 8 June,all,SquirrelVonStores,​(╯°□°）╯︵﻿ ┻━┻Good flipping game
76561197975846562,Recommended,311690,23678685,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,photovoltaic rhubarb,One time I had a build that let me press space to kill nearly every enemy in the room at no cost to me.It's these kinds of crazy runs that keep this game interesting and fun which is why I like it.
76561197972065898,Recommended,311690,32271289,Posted: 8 June,all,The PoLe,Great game.
76561198008027304,Recommended,311690,22720320,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,fade777,First review! never bothered with anything else..Can't stop playing.. I have all the new games.. I keep coming back to this..LOVE LOVE LOVE.. amazing game..It can be difficalt at times.. It can seem unfair.. But it's YOUR fault if you die ..
76561198339999039,Recommended,311690,32330969,Posted: 10 June,all,kirby_plays,this game is too ood
,Recommended,311690,31897424,Posted: 22 May,all,Anti-Citizen,"Good fun, but difficult game. Finally noticed all the D&D references, very well done."
,Recommended,311690,32363329,Posted: 12 June,all,ToastyHere,Twin Stick tough as nails with amazing style and great humour
76561198048444727,Recommended,311690,32361777,Posted: 12 June,all,sikkoshade,good game
76561198094037989,Recommended,311690,32361515,Posted: 12 June,all,Jiffy,This game is hard but I've beaten it a few times and I suck at games.  It's a great game to play while listening to podcasts.
76561198301213580,Recommended,311690,32301367,Posted: 9 June,all,Dingo Machingo,bullet. frikin. sharks.
,Recommended,311690,32321997,Posted: 10 June,all,nankeyn,"This game is very challenging and does it while being totally fair. A pleasure to play with incredible depth to gameplay, fun graphics, and creative design.Highly recommend."
76561198045015414,Recommended,311690,32346088,Posted: 11 June,all,Jim,You can shoot fish out of a barrel.I love this game.
76561198091911088,Recommended,311690,32263141,Posted: 8 June,all,Gameboy1805,"I mean cmon you can get earthworm jim's gun, i dont think theres a valid argument against that."
76561198073050877,Recommended,311690,32273583,Posted: 8 June,all,Crusty Jugglers,Titan Souls with more bullet
,Recommended,311690,28011116,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Squumbus,is good
,Recommended,311690,31285502,Posted: 21 April,all,imwearingpants,"It's a very fun game, but very challenging. recommended for people who have experience with roguelite, which I am not"
,Recommended,311690,31300420,Posted: 22 April,all,iqqdq,"Enter the gungeon is an amazing game with amazingly artistic graphics, charm, millions of guns, secrets, jokes, refrences, enemies. This game is a masterpiece, it has it's flaws but no game is perfect. Fighting your way through the dungeon can be very tough but rewarding, it feels great when you master this game and all of the weapons are unique and greatly designed. There is a lack of enemy variety but this will probably get fixed in the new updates. The bosses are memorable and great, all of them have a certain style and you gotta master their attacks to flawless them. Each single chamber is amazingly diffrend except chamber 2 and chamber 3, but the rest are amazing. (SPOILERS) Killing your past feels rewarding and great, it gives a bit of backstory to the charachters (SPOILER ENDS). This is an amazing game and it may feel boring if you play like 20 runs in one day but it's amazing guns, charachters, enemies, style make it worth while.I can't wait for more updates. This is one of my favorite games, no wonder, because it's made by the amazing studio Devolver Digital, they make all of my favorite games.This game is a masterpiece and it's really fun and challenging.-Iqqdq"
,Recommended,311690,31283459,Posted: 21 April,all,núllpunktur,"A round-based twinstick shooter with a great feel, really good art, lots of variety, and a good balance/sense between humour and substance."
,Recommended,311690,30868800,Posted: 31 March,all,RegallyBlond,Binding of Isaac: 8 directions to shoot inEnter the Gungeon: more than 8 directions to shoot in10/10 would gunge again
,Recommended,311690,31309845,Posted: 22 April,all,Qwazzyman5K,Great game and I love the artstyle. Attention to detail is amazing.
,Recommended,311690,31290939,Posted: 22 April,all,RageMercy34,"Cool but tricky game but extremely satasfying when you beat a boss and get some cool lootenter the gungeon has a huge amount of Items, people and guns for you to collect and help you on your way to defeat your past."
76561198272475350,Recommended,311690,31288906,Posted: 21 April,all,ERROR,All i have to say is that this game is exhilarating because you get focused at the game and when you finish a dungeon it feels like you achive a goal or summer time is out and there is no school.
,Recommended,311690,31244916,Posted: 19 April,all,{HakI}writerx_01,"If you are familiar with Binding of Issac then you will see a few similarities between the titles. I am not a huge fan of Bullet Hells, but I found that Enter the Gungeon is one of the most entertaining games I have played in a long time. Whether you win or lose you feel you progress, at least slightly. You unlock new merchants, new weapons, and as you get better you can progress through the story.It is not an easy game. It calls for a lot of practise and you need to gather the necessary knowledge to master it. Just as an example it took me around 20 hours of attempts to finally beat the ""Final"" boss known as the Dragun. To this date I did not finish the whole game (as in, 100% completion), not only because the Final-Final boss is very tough, but also because there are a lot of side-activities to take part in.Although it only has Local Co-Op it's a great single player game. A punishing yet at the same time a rewarding experience."
,Recommended,311690,27553400,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Luci,I can shoot a bullet with a gun shaped like a bullet that shoots out guns that also shoot out bullets while playing as a bullet10/10
,Recommended,311690,25421716,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,HHNB3,One of my favorite games of the last few years. It's a less hellish bullet hell. The rogue-lite element is (because of this game) now of my favorite game elements.
76561198330000058,Recommended,311690,31263229,Posted: 20 April,all,CABOOSE,Dodging Shooting and killing bullets holding guns are a few of the games features. it is a great idea and has lots of content so far i have played around 30 hours and still suck. Sure you will rage and get angry but overall is a good game would buy again.
,Recommended,311690,31319613,Posted: 23 April,all,lil CARLITO,"As far as I have played, this game is just like The Binding Of Isaac. If you are into dungeoning games, this is for YOU!"
76561198053483735,Recommended,311690,31322725,Posted: 23 April,all,tokknave,buy the game it's a good onego read a better review
76561198118361787,Recommended,311690,31329215,Posted: 23 April,all,Dom,"Challenging and demanding roguelike thats quite similar to Isaac. However unlike Isaac you'll never get any gamebreaking runs which means this game is almost entirely skill based. Gungeon will kick your♥♥♥♥♥for the first 20 hours or so, but if you can get over that you'll find an excellent bullet hell dungeon crawler that rewards a skilled player"
,Recommended,311690,31315529,Posted: 23 April,all,dub3000,this is f'n radlike a combination of binding of isaac and nuclear throne
76561198067580605,Recommended,311690,31516360,Posted: 2 May,all,Addicted to Tacos,"At first this game really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and drove me insane. I would rage quit and go do something else for a while, but then I would get a hankering to play again, so I did.Bit by bit I eventually began to get better and started finding new and exciting guns that were not only creative, but unseen. Now I was hooked, and today, I finnaly beat the game and I have to say it was amazing. Greatest ending in a video game I have ever seen. I still want to play even though I have already beat it, very rarely have I been able to say that. Truly a unique game. 10/10"
,Recommended,311690,29390579,Posted: 20 January,all,Big Boy Jones,"lol i complained like a baby back then before i edited this, have some revised crapIt's a rougelike top-down twinstick shooter with fantasy themes and enough guns for the US military, which translates to a great idea and great execution. Some guns feel useless for the sake of being a Middle-Finger-Grade and enemies like the Mine Flayer, Gattling Minecarts, and Iron Maidens suck, but if you can get past that then get ready to fire on all cylinders."
,Recommended,311690,31513506,Posted: 2 May,all,Dead Boy,"Great game.  Needs an online multiplayer feature, though.  I made a petition.https://www.ipetitions.com/petition/make-enter-the-gungeon-multiplayer#"
,Recommended,311690,29556411,Posted: 28 January,all,Inferno,"This Game is one of the most refreshing Rouge-likes I've played in awhile since Nuclear Throne or Binding of Issac. With Unique guns and items to find in almost each floor and fun bosses. This game provides a challenging yet fair expereince. Only thing I see holding it back is the lack of Online Co-Op. We only have Local, if they add in a feature were Steam friends can just play togehter then this game would be perfect. I defently would recommend this game."
76561198063962781,Recommended,311690,32901681,Posted: 27 June,all,Ricky Fort,oou shieet dis gein is osom maigad 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,311690,32901239,Posted: 27 June,all,Sringlabobalus Rex,its pretty gosh didily darn good
,Recommended,311690,33039047,Posted: 30 June,all,NED| Sharp_Zoaroark,If you think your good at video games play this and you'll probably cry
76561198186890307,Recommended,311690,33048973,Posted: 30 June,all,Spongegar,"Do you like Nuclear Throne, do you like guns, space marine's, dodge rolling and explosions, then this is the game for youeven better it includes the insanely helpful Dogo."
76561198343754737,Recommended,311690,33044466,Posted: 30 June,all,A3RR0W,love the game little to no problems very very challenging and a really well done game.
76561198198404199,Recommended,311690,33056849,Posted: 30 June,all,TrAtkinson,"i love this game, fun bullet hell game which is worth the money. I would reccomend buying this"
,Recommended,311690,33049593,Posted: 30 June,all,Sleepy,Like Binding of Issac with guns
,Recommended,311690,33056753,Posted: 30 June,all,i'm a loser,Fun.
76561198346554984,Recommended,311690,33028887,Posted: 30 June,all,Magushii,Fun but hard at the exact same time.
76561198053494193,Recommended,311690,33029235,Posted: 30 June,all,Chiptuens,"tl;dr:it's hard as hell, without a difficulty settingthe aesthetics are amazing, the gameplay is smooth to go right with itit passes time by quick as hellguns."
,Recommended,311690,29548356,Posted: 28 January,all,FancyCharles,"It's good if you've always enjoyed the feel of twin stick shooters, shooting endlessly at enemies and dodging♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of incoming projectiles. There isn't too much progression in this game other than unlocking more guns to find inside the gungeon and getting shortcuts to lower level gungeon floors. Getting into farther dungeons is also hard and takes some time to get good at the game for you to be able to go further. Overall good game, especially if you're just looking to kill some time.7/10"
,Recommended,311690,33017352,Posted: 29 June,all,Phelyne,"Challenging, fun, and original. This game has all that a Roguelike needs. It's truly worth its price. I wish they'd add online multiplayer, but I suppose that's difficult in a Bullet Hell game.I recommend this for any fan of Roguelike and/or Bullet Hell games."
76561197970627597,Recommended,311690,33011938,Posted: 29 June,all,ManlySmax,I liked the bullets. I disliked the bullets.
,Recommended,311690,33056151,Posted: 30 June,all,Sgm.Jackson037,"Is this game fun ?yeswhat this game contains ?a walking bullets trying to kill you with bullets.is this game hard ?look below for the secret in beating the game in easiest way ever( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) _／{git gud}is this game worth your ""valuable"" time ?no, but whether you played Dark souls or not, you will find some similarities to it, but it's with GUNS. and yes BUY IT"
,Recommended,311690,32866683,Posted: 27 June,all,Infernius,Awesome game
,Recommended,311690,32849147,Posted: 27 June,all,sigve10,This game is amazing!I became a marine soldierI got a gunI started shooting bullets wielding guns by using a gun that shoots bulletsI got homeI started playing Enter the Gungeon
,Recommended,311690,32940984,Posted: 28 June,all,WienyButt,is good gamevery fun
76561198081583584,Recommended,311690,22562926,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Wan Wan,d(•ᴗ• ) not enough bullets
,Recommended,311690,32947225,Posted: 28 June,all,NaCloudburst Kywalker,"Only played this game for 7 hours but can easily say it's worth the money if you are looking for a bullet-hell game.Sharpen your dodging skills and feel more aware of your in-game surroundings than ever before, or die in an instant. If you die, you will have to start over from floor 1, but don't worry. there are some perks of dying, like unlocking new weapons to find, or explore new mini-games within the game.The game only require one thing from you, and that is to learn fast. Either you analyze what's happening and predict the next outcome before it happens in order to not die, or you die a couple of times until you get what you need to do in order to survive."
76561198073870341,Recommended,311690,32962603,Posted: 28 June,all,Axel The Red,"Devolver Digital is the exemple of company that knows how to make a good game.This is another of their simple yet crazy fun product.Great playability, grat soundtrack, great combat, funny, adorable and ♥♥♥♥ing hardI highly recommend this one."
76561198111948387,Recommended,311690,32963221,Posted: 28 June,all,ⅡCpt. DarkedgeⅡ,A.K.A Good luck getting past the first level
,Recommended,311690,32952804,Posted: 28 June,all,haffiman [☢CAUTION!!☢],its a really good game but still quite difficult to get to work in multiplayer over the net
76561198088562265,Recommended,311690,32963972,Posted: 28 June,all,Totalmasanity,"I have played for about 5 hours at the time of this review.I have beaten no bosses, though I have gotten close to beating them a few times.I am♥♥♥♥♥♥at this game, I can't seem to wire my brain to use the blanks or dodge roll.I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game it is exceptional.10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ up the first floor again."
,Recommended,311690,32964026,Posted: 28 June,all,Spaghetti Fingers,good
,Recommended,311690,32949179,Posted: 28 June,all,Sanik,Great and fun game. WARNING if not prepared this game can get pretty difficult!
76561198048054884,Recommended,311690,22601687,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Tchesco,"""I heard you like guns, so we made a gun themed game where you shoot bullets from a gun to hit bullets with guns shooting bullets from a gun at you."""
76561198040378952,Recommended,311690,32939022,Posted: 28 June,all,Upravda,An action packed and fun game with guns aplenty!
,Recommended,311690,32958458,Posted: 28 June,all,Binary,Awesome
76561198258958745,Recommended,311690,28729945,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SonicBoomNFA,"I throughly enjoyed getting 100% of the achievements in this game, and I can't wait for the big expansion to come. If you're into bullet hells, this is a perfect game for you because it is very challenging; it is similar to The Binding of Isaac for reference (but I think this game is much more fun, personaly).The game has references to other video games (it has the gun from Hyper Light Drifter, a gun that shoots Koopa Shells, a D-Pad gun that can shoot fire balls if you input the command for a Hadouken, and MUCH more), and the humor is also great, so you won't find yourself getting bored with the environment. With so many gun puns, it'll be hard to find the game getting dull anytime soon.The gameplay itself is fantastic. It's a very challenging game, but it is also fair in its generated rooms; you won't find yourself in a room where it's almost impossible to avoid taking damage; the only limiting factor is your skill level. Every floor has special features in it (for example, the fourth floor has ice grenades that you can shoot to freeze surrounding enemies, and floor 3 has mine carts that both you AND enemies can ride around in to gain the upperhand). The game is also convenient in that you can save and quit after every floor, so you don't have to worry about having to finish an entire run in one sitting.Each of the characters are unique and have their own uses. People have debates about who is the best character and who is the worst character, but that's really just a testament to how well they are designed; no one overshadows another (except a certain unlockable character who doesn't take contact damage), so you're free to choose whoever you're the most comfortable with instead of jumping for the character that everyone says is the best.Enter the Gungeon is the perfect game for people that are into challenging but fair Rougelites that have a good sense of humor; I definitely recommend it. It's one of the most fun games I've ever played (if not THE most, honestly)."
,Recommended,311690,32934749,Posted: 28 June,all,Miniature Doge,I've played over 15 runs and completed the first dungeon twice.THIS GAME IS SO FRICKIN HARD.This game is not for the lightheartedBut it is really enjoyable.
76561198151665634,Recommended,311690,32926985,Posted: 28 June,all,Flapjack,good game gg 10/10
,Recommended,311690,32946278,Posted: 28 June,all,❤Omniwolf❤,i killed the king and his squire was crying. i killed his squire.
,Recommended,311690,32955172,Posted: 28 June,all,Drasend,"4/5 BulletsGreat controls, awesome soundtrack.Having a hard time getting past first floor most of the time( but that is because I'm bad at these types of games :p )"
,Recommended,311690,31690486,Posted: 11 May,all,Th3Grimmi,One of the best and most challanging bullet-hell twin-stick-shooter rogue lite games you can buy for money.It even has a decent amount of guns to choose from
,Recommended,311690,31698073,Posted: 12 May,all,Smol Chara,"This game is probably one of the best rouge-likes out there, besides Isaac.It's funny, there's puns, there's guns, there's gun-puns... Hell, there's even pun-guns!Just go ahead any buy the bloody game already dammit!"
76561198144986666,Recommended,311690,31676284,Posted: 10 May,all,Ragpicker,It's frickin ammozing.
,Recommended,311690,31707091,Posted: 12 May,all,HollowKnight - Mantis Cavalier,"I like binding of Isaac, Issac only in 4 direction and this is actually is a 360 aim of isaac, and the enviroment detail is cool as well, a pretty room after a gun fight is totally going to mess , lov it so far, hope this game keep update and get new stuff to play , ENJOY !!"
,Recommended,311690,31711032,Posted: 12 May,all,Martini Weenie,"I then brought my pet to the park, where it IMMEDIETLY pooed all over the bush. Just everywhere. Suffice it to say, I selected ""no treats"" that night.Events like this are fun to find throughout your animal loving adventure, and really bring out the best of this text adventure. While it can drag at times, its still a lot of fun. It's fairly short, but its only $5.This is right place righ..."
,Recommended,311690,31716051,Posted: 12 May,all,Tomorrow Corp.,This is a very fun dungeon crawler that both combines popular shooters mixed with some rpg play styles. I recommend this game to anyone who doesn't like games that have a campain based storyline or has very few things to explode. The guns in this game (which there are a lot of) ad a commedic value to it.~TheAngryCaRoT
76561198089988445,Recommended,311690,31723083,Posted: 13 May,all,Night hunter,"Ah, the Gungeon. A game so unique and yet not so famous as it deserves to be. When i started my first round i was so suprised to see the awesome artwork and viarity in rooms that i didn't even stand still by the fact that it was so tremendously huge with lots of easter eggs and bosses, secret bosses, unlockables etc. etc. etc. The mechanics are simple yet the game requires you to have so much skill, this is also why iv'e only beaten the last boss after like 200 runs.. and o boy was it worth it, im still playing now and there still remain secrets in the Gungeon to be explored. 10/10 honestly guys, there can't be a better pixel shooter game like this, Enter the Gungeon executes it at it's finest."
,Recommended,311690,31722739,Posted: 13 May,all,Dagnez,"If Isaac's difficulty is 10, then this game is around 754. Still, one of the most fun games to play. I wonder how long devs played to record the trailer."
,Recommended,311690,31709106,Posted: 12 May,all,N00BRUNNER,10/10 best bullet hell game
76561198050049656,Recommended,311690,31726757,Posted: 13 May,all,IHateStairs,"It's pretty good, although the game is mostly down to luck instead of skill, other than that it has good music, good graphics, and when you praise RNGesus hard enough, it's pretty fun."
76561198202252216,Recommended,311690,31731668,Posted: 13 May,all,KingChopChop,It is a REALLY good game but i would like to see a online muitiplayer
,Recommended,311690,31690094,Posted: 11 May,all,Harp,"I am to this day still unable to get past Floor 3, does that mean I'm awful at this amazing game?"
,Recommended,311690,31725636,Posted: 13 May,all,✪ cry0 | skinhub.com,"lit, but im garbage. please help me"
76561198353983987,Recommended,311690,31726529,Posted: 13 May,all,OriginalSleepy,"There are just no words, its good its isaac with guns this game is a game i will be happy with."
,Recommended,311690,31723700,Posted: 13 May,all,Kanaga かなが,"Challenging gameplay, but not frustrating. Brilliant art style and very addictive. This game hits a lot of sweet-spots."
76561198068031237,Recommended,311690,31747259,Posted: 14 May,all,LampShadow,"Have you ever played The binding of Isaac? Well it's pretty much that with guns. Also you shoot bullets at bullets who shoot bullets at you, makes sense right?Pros: Good level design that changes everytime. A lot of different guns, so you won't get bored. Good replay ability.Cons: Maybe I'm too simple, but I don't really see any."
,Recommended,311690,31760647,Posted: 14 May,all,@RealDonaldTrump,pew pew
76561198175892526,Recommended,311690,31766877,Posted: 15 May,all,Napalm_Catcher,Great game! Challenging bullet hell yet so fun. Would recommend.
76561198270974244,Recommended,311690,31733668,Posted: 13 May,all,zombiezzs,love this game
,Not Recommended,311690,23318260,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Red Skittles,"Seriously, the difficulty is way too hard, I'd like it to be at least a little bit easier. Bosses mainly, I usually get my behind kicked and then can't do anything about the next floor because the shop is so far away. I've tried over and over to play this but it just ends up the same. Over. And. Over. ""Getting good"" doesn't help when you get almost nothing and hordes of enemies keep flying at you all at once. It seems fun when you watch it but when you actually get your hands on it most likely you just die a lot.I mean, the graphics are great and I would say the gameplay would be ""appropriate"" so I'm rating it...-------7/10, but not recommendingFor:Being too hard. In general.If anyone who's very good at this game sees this I'm going to guess now I would get lots of hate for this rating."
,Recommended,311690,22847621,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BadgerButt ✿,I wish guns were real
,Recommended,311690,32977695,Posted: 29 June,all,casey,Good
,Recommended,311690,29562944,Posted: 29 January,all,Beemo,It's all fun and games until you realised it's 4AM
76561198157909861,Recommended,311690,32655606,Posted: 22 June,all,JEFF_BETS.gg_CSGOatse.com,"I bought this game two weeks before the half off sale.  im not even mad about that. great game. my favorite thing is how much replayability it has. some would say its about rng and good guns but with enough skill, you can win with the starting guns. 10/10"
,Recommended,311690,32783476,Posted: 25 June,all,Boomer ma kota może ty też?,More Bullets! More Guns! More Bunnys?
76561198127696367,Recommended,311690,33248553,Posted: 4 July,all,Meme,nice meme
76561198201705963,Recommended,311690,33248669,Posted: 4 July,all,Cubic,FRIKIN' AWESOME!!!!
76561198153292198,Recommended,311690,33247436,Posted: 4 July,all,ZaeCathe,"I downloaded this game after seeing Markiplier's video on it, and after a while, I was done playing it. Not that I had finished the game, mind you, it was just that I got bored with it. The comedic taste is smothered onto the gameplay like a five year old with toast and jelly, in that the five year old will put the whole entire jar of jelly onto the toast if he isn't caught by his mom. Yes, we get it, the game is based off of guns, it's in the title, dammit. There are BULLET ENEMIES, what fun!I guess if you wanted to play with someone, you could argue as to who gets the nerf gun (I kid you not) and the revival cookie, but otherwise, the game is like any other Roguelike dungeon game. Your skill goes up along with the floor count. 'nuff said."
,Recommended,311690,33250836,Posted: 4 July,all,WithEyesAflame,"I've really enjoyed playing this game, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes not only top-down shooters, but also dungeon crawlers."
,Recommended,311690,33258172,Posted: 4 July,all,PIatimus fuc,"cant get past floor one, but you can have a corgi companion.buy.now."
76561198252661504,Recommended,311690,33258320,Posted: 4 July,all,crazygamer456happy,Enter the Gungeon is a great game for those who want a challenge and want to test their luck. Everything once entering the gundeon is randomly genrated so there is never a play through that is the same though you will expirence the same room layout sometimes the enemies will always be different so it will never bore you. you start off with 4 people and can unlock 2 more characters and they all start off with there starting kit but that quickly changes very soon once you start exploring the gundeon and get more items to buff yourself up to go fight the boss of each floor and maybe die a couple of times to reach the next floor. Luck does play a factor in the game your skill at playing the game is what really maters in the long run and you will eventally learn that.
,Recommended,311690,27757768,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,blazeyhivemind,My expirience with this game-Got game-Played game-Died-Rinse repeated 500 times-Got to forge-Realised I didn't have the materials forthe bullet that can kill the past- *Go back to step 2*-Won-victorynoise.mp3-Tried and get all the endings-Failed-Tried again-Rinse repeat for eternity
,Recommended,311690,33255931,Posted: 4 July,all,Eclaireux ツ,"A perfect game for those who love bullet-hell gameplay mixed with dungeoning (or Gungeoning in this case) and just a slight hint of some rpg elements. and of course, if guns are your thing, there's that, too."
76561198298879632,Recommended,311690,33254802,Posted: 4 July,all,Taithan,SUPER hard for me. But fun as all heck! I LOVE THE GUN PUNS!!!
,Recommended,311690,33306297,Posted: 6 July,all,Momobobobomo,"Enter the Gungeon is a game for fans of the Binding of Isaac series; but it is much more challenging than Binding of Isaac. However, unlike Binding of Isaac the exploration of this game is very rewarding; Enter the Gungeon rewards players with multiple item rooms in the form of chests. Instead of giving a bunch of items that will become useless in the future, Devolver Digital made exploring an insentive; you are given actual good rewards for exploring. Enter the Gungeon is a good game with nice visuals on the eyes, zany sound effects, and mechanically fun to play.My only gripe is that playing this game consecutively will cause everything to substantialy lag. When I got to the third floor, everytime I entered the door for the first few doors, the game would freeze briefly. Later on, the game would begin freezing in the middle of combat while I tried to fight my way through the floors. One solution to this (for me) was to save and exit the entire game after every single floor to avoid having the game frozen in the middle of combat (the enemy bullets still travel across the screen towards you; when the game freezes, if there are enemy bullets on the screen hurling the player's way, it will teleport a little/a-lot more closer to the player.)"
76561197981521173,Recommended,311690,31909252,Posted: 22 May,all,Dank Cat Memes,"How do you even describe Enter the Gungeon? I texted one of my friends a picture of the Flame Hand gun with the description because it has a D and D reference and he's into that and when he asked what game it was I replied that it was, ""Enter the Gungeon. Its a rogue-like dungeon crawling bullet hell top down character shooter."" And boy does this shoooter have character.The game has over 200 guns with the free Supply Drop Update which added more guns, enemies, modes, and items. And these aren't copy and paste gun effects with a different skins and then calling it a new gun. There is everything from a Genie Lamp that upon hitting an enemy three times summons a raged out Djinn that punches the enemy to death to a Shotgun Shell that fires Shotguns as projectiles. There's a magical Unicorn horn that was turned into a gun, a water squirt gun, a shotgun that turns enemies friendly, even an RPG launcher that upon impact explodes into bees that attack enemies.Make no mistake, Enter the Gungeon is about guns.The enemies are bullets, the characters range from Gungeoneers to characters that sell guns, to characters that forge bullets. This game is about guns and everything reinforces that.The incredible amount of gun diversity makes every playthrough interesting and new. I've played over 100 hours of this game and haven't even seen all the guns that I've unlocked and still have many guns to unlock. Active items and passive items make a gun that you've seen a many times before a fresh experience with they way they can change your bullet behavior. I once had a gun that shoots steaks out as bait that summons tigers. I had a few different passive items that effected my bullet behavior, so when I would shoot a steak out it would summon a giant silver tiger that would run for a short time before shrinking then upon hitting a target and mauling it would explode into a bunch of tiny tigers.Their are tiers of gun rarity ranging from D to S, S being the rarest. Getting any of these S Tier guns is a joy and the developers made the brave decision to make some of these guns ridiculous in how powerful they are. They're rare enough that getting them feels special and exciting, but seen enough that you don't pound your head wishing you could just get a run with an overpowerd S Tier weapon. I enjoy playing with almost every gun this game has to offer. None of the gun experiences are throw aways. They're all entertaining to try out. Some of them are intentionally sucky and there just to get a laugh, like the Derringer which only has two shots in the clip and does crap for damage. It's just there to get a referential laugh.Speaking of references, this game is so full of references to other games, shows, mythology, even classic novels it makes Smash Bros feel like it wasn't trying hard enough. There are everything from guns, to NPCs, to items that are comical references. Not knowing the reference material you won't get the joke, but seeing and getting the reference often is a little nostalgic treat that makes you laugh. Ranging from the starting gun you have in Hyper Light Drifter, to Link himself from Legend of Zelda can be found in this game. The references are always done in good fun and seemingly with respect to the source materials. I can't think of a game that has done references like this better.Above all else this game is fun. The humor is fun, the gameplay is fun, the story is fun. The gameplay is tight and unforgiving in the best way. If you get hit by something it's your fault. When you die you know that you made a mistake and that you can get better, and you do get better. Every play through is interesting and different. Even though I've played the first level hundreds and hundreds of times, I'm still interested in the gameplay and am driven by the mystery of what gun or item I might find as I'm clearing rooms. The game has the beautiful hook of over 200 hundred interesting and exciting guns and you're left just imagining with wonder what new and insane gun experience you'll have next. This drove me to keep trying keep trying to get just a little farther. Just pass the game with one character, now pass the game with multiple characters, now unlock a secret character. This game is full of mystery. Even getting access to the end game content takes thoughtfulness and puzzle solving, much less the skill to even be able to make it to the end boss and defeat it. This game doesn't hold your hand and so when you figure things out it feels glorious and rewarding. I haven't even unlocked one of the characters yet after all this time! And I love that. There is always something to drive you forward. It has the perfect gameplay flow.I can't even say how good this game is. What I would not give for an Enter the Gungeon 2. I LOVE THIS FRACKIN' GAME!My only criticism of this game, and I think it is literally the only criticism that I can come up with is that the music doesn't feel like it fits the games aesthetic. While the game is quirky, fun, fast, and fluid and has some of the whackiest and insane and cool guns I've ever seen crafted in a digital space, the music is not fun, fast, or ever even interesting for the most part. I will say that the first time I entered the shop I sat there for a second listening to the music but not because it was catchy or because it set the right mood, but because I thought it did a good job of having constant variation like you might find in classical music. Not really the right feel for entering a shop where this massive burly man says things like, ""I think your wallet needs a reload,"" if you try to purchase an item without enough currency. Most of the time the music doens't even have a melody. It's background music in every sense of the phrase. It's not interesting, it doesn't ever go anywhere, and it doesn't really even set the mood. I love music in video games and this music is a huge dissapointment. There isn't a single theme from the game that I could hum to someone even though I've spent more than 100 hours playing the game, and that makes me feel like the music really failed in a big way. I haven't played Wind Waker in probably over 7 years but I just caught myself humming the theme from Outset Island at work this morning. All the music does in this game is exist... all except for the end credits Rap song which is nearly the opposite of everything I've just said about the music. The end credits rap is the perfect, and I mean perfect end to this particular game. I love it so much it's incredible This song is a song that I could hum and even sing to someone if they asked me, but it takes the entire game to get to a redeemable song, which is a incredible shame. There is one gun that has it's own theme that gets played as you shoot it, and this song is also intereting and entertaining and upon first getting this gun I burst out laughing as it played it's theme while I fired it, but other than that the music is bland and top tier forgetable.I just get into game music but don't let my critique on music hinder you from experiencing this game. Enter the Gungeon is an experience. It's a quest filled with mystery. My brother hasn't even gotten to the 5th level in the game yet but still loves his experiences that he has with the game. I've beaten the game with almost all the characters, (I'll get you last unlockable character, just you wait until I find you!). There are multiple levels of this game. Getting one of the game endings which includes a boss has only been completed by something like 2% of players according to the achievements. That's insane! There is content that is nuanced and interesting as well as being punishingly difficult that 98% of the people who play this game won't even see! This game is so insanely deep. The depth is insane.I love it. I just love it so much. It's so good. It's so incredible, it's so fun, it's so comical, it's so satisfying. Must play game."
76561198134548131,Recommended,311690,31905587,Posted: 22 May,all,TheRecluseBear,Yes
,Recommended,311690,31910900,Posted: 22 May,all,Zexyz,Everything you want and more.
76561198091575438,Recommended,311690,31898391,Posted: 22 May,all,HeadSharpener,"Great game , you die , then you die again , then you roll , then you die again , then you get to the objective and you feel great about yourself! Then it's a new section and you have to do it all again but harder (Or you can go to the alternative floors! (which are even harder and will f- you up)) , as I said , great game , really reminds me of darksouls"
76561198115888369,Recommended,311690,31534393,Posted: 3 May,all,Dsquad:Scrooge,9.5/10Didn't put Gungeon in Oregun.
,Recommended,311690,31549913,Posted: 4 May,all,Regal★Reindeer,"The replayability is crazy, and the learning curve really isn't all that steep--it's not too hard to get used to patterns, and you unlock more interesting guns as you go along, so the game really does feel different between plays. The music is fantastic, the humor is light but very enjoyable (mostly clever gun puns). It's a shame that co-op is limited to local, but I have done so and it is very well done! A very fun game and I can't recommend it enough."
76561198087405514,Recommended,311690,31550758,Posted: 4 May,all,Struggle,"10/10 game!So many struggle at very beginning, but after getting used to it's really fun. keep up the good work!"
76561197982320877,Recommended,311690,31538434,Posted: 4 May,all,davieb,"Fun,hugely addictive Rogue-Like.Buy it!!"
76561198041287112,Recommended,311690,31545339,Posted: 4 May,all,_TheMelonboy_,PLAY IT. DO IT NOOOOOOOOOOW.
,Recommended,311690,23078035,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Bitch Nigga,*buys game expecting to be easy**50 runs in gets super OP combo**CHOKES**50 runs later first dragun kill**collects all bullet pieces**finally gets back to the dragun**flawlesses him and prepares to fight the past**computer crashes* -_-10/10 would kill self again.
76561198121162402,Recommended,311690,31519906,Posted: 3 May,all,ItsTotallyWill,it good
76561198336576951,Recommended,311690,25922018,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,siradass,extremely good i recoment this to anyone who likes difficult♥♥♥♥♥
76561198073688340,Recommended,311690,31569476,Posted: 5 May,all,burner133774,"hey. devs of ETG whenever you feel like making a new dlc, here are some ideas that i bet crossed your minds.Warhammer 40K, this game just gotten a new game out and although it's not sorta being given high praises. But! check think of all cool gear and ammos and weapons we could get from the warhammer 40k universe POWER ARMOUR TERMINATOR ARMOUR COMBINE MORE BOLTERS TWIIIIN LIIINK TAU BATTLE SUITS ELDAR WEAPONS SHURIKEN WEAPONS THAT FIRE HUNDREDS OF ROUNDS NEARLY SECOND AND THEIR BOTH TAU SPACE MARINE AND ELDAR PLASMA WEAPONS. and of course another group thats as gun crazed as the tau. ORKS YES ORKS A FEW PASSIVES THAT LETS YOU HAVE AN ORKS MENTALITY ORK SHOOTERS AND THOSE FLASH GITZ GUNS. i think you see where am i going with this make a warhammer dlc. also i would like another npc, like a renegade bullet kin who sells or give special rounds to you. so  yeah thats one i think people are hounding you for"
76561198121691622,Recommended,311690,31488943,Posted: 1 May,all,L.,GUNS and stuff its good but like hard some times i guess the closest similarity is binding of isaac i think
,Recommended,311690,31494445,Posted: 1 May,all,J4CK,VERY FUN. This is a dungeon crawler for people that think Binding of Issac is too slow or too boring.
76561198278273471,Recommended,311690,32457571,Posted: 15 June,all,-=NERD=- Radish42.3,EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENTER THE GUNGEON!!!!!
,Not Recommended,311690,29098070,Posted: 7 January,all,Rasin Bron,"If you're not into games with insane difficulty, get away from this game. It's only ""thing"" is that it's hard. Health pickups are scarse, and items that give you health are so rare, that  if you take more than 3 hit points of damge before the boss, you're basically dead because the bosses are actually the worst bosses I've ever fought in any video I've ever played in a game. Once again, their only thing is that they're ♥♥♥♥ing hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've only made it past the 2nd floor 8-9 times becuase the bosses are just unfair, unfun, and frustrating and 90% of my deaths are just to the bosses. I've never stopped playing the game calm. Every time I stop playing this game, I come out ♥♥♥♥ing furious. (althouigh it's possible that I'm just awful.) The guns are the only thing in the game that isn't ""alright"" they're very creative and almost make the game worth playing solely because of them. Almost. the Most creative and fun guns to use are outshined by the worst guns in the game, because any gun that's acually intersting or fun to use is incredibly rare. Arguably this is good design, but that kind of hard to get by when you get the T-shirt cannon three runs in a ♥♥♥♥ing row (sounds silly, but that actually happened to me).Overall, if you like the bullet hell shooter genre, or if you're a masocist, you'll probably find something to enjoy from this game.Like I said thoug, it's enirely possible that I'm just awful at this game."
76561198116697405,Recommended,311690,32379365,Posted: 12 June,all,Common Gamer,HOLY S*** THIS GAME IS AMAZING! I WILL PLAY IT TIL' THE END OF TIME!!!
,Recommended,311690,32428351,Posted: 15 June,all,Jibby,I like this game... very good game
,Recommended,311690,32491317,Posted: 16 June,all,topitalian,"Probably the best game I've played in a long time.  Keeps you playing for a while, because it's both addictive and hard.  It's fun to pick up a truly difficult game and just grind through it, and this game has definitly satisfied me.  With an epic soundtrack, great writing and jokes, and even greater gameplay, Enter the Gungeon scores a 10/10 for me."
76561198366210297,Recommended,311690,32491334,Posted: 16 June,all,BagelBlacksmith,Great Game!
,Recommended,311690,32566905,Posted: 19 June,all,Banki,"Awesome game, recommended."
76561198220575676,Recommended,311690,32513898,Posted: 17 June,all,boximis_maximis,"I love it, a cutesy art style and a challenge that almost makes you want to die, I mean its real hard REALLY HARD and i love it"
76561198013516358,Recommended,311690,32515708,Posted: 17 June,all,Grass,"Tight controls, fun co-op, tons of contentAlso includes a gun that's a bullet which shoots guns which proceed to shoot bullets.10/10"
76561197992991951,Recommended,311690,32563883,Posted: 19 June,all,Boogie,this game is an amazing surpriseI love it!
,Recommended,311690,31894148,Posted: 21 May,all,Raro L.,"By far one of the best Bullet Hell Rogue-Like games in my opinion, with extensive items and weapons to collect and synergise with the game is hard to put down. The game includes infinite replayability and so much content to work towards and unlock. With 126 hours it's safe to assume I have a well understood view of this game.  I would recommend this game to anybody who likes Rouge-Likes. With the painful difficulty of playing there is alot of trial and error as well as grinding put into this game."
,Recommended,311690,33709630,Posted: 21 July,all,「Hijo del Viento」,This is a pretty good game.
,Recommended,311690,33726816,Posted: 22 July,all,H Dawg,"This game is full of replayability. It's challenging and has permadeath, but it goes much deeper than that. Theres an enormous amount of unlockables in this game. It's so rewarding to make it deep into the gungeon. You can unlock an elevator so you can start at lower levels of the gungeon. I highly reccomend this to anyone that likes rogue-likes! Absolute must-play for rogue-like enthusiasts."
76561198071421958,Recommended,311690,22772498,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,eternal jape,I played this on day one because I'm a huge NT fan and I've supported NT through EA a couple weeks after it came out.It doesn't have the replayability of NT -- the procedural generation gets really stale and 15 hours in you really see all there is to offer.I'd recommend it for 10-30 hours but then it becomes stale.Whereas NT I've picked up and played and it never gets old even with 250+ hours.
76561198012793238,Recommended,311690,27361114,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,King Kool,"I have thoroughly enjoyed my time with Enter the Gungeon, despite the fact that I've never been past the third level. The grinding for Hegemony Credits keeps it that most playthroughs are fruitful... except those times I fight one of the Level 1 bosses in an arena that makes them too difficult to beat without a good weapon.This is what I get for all the hours of playing Isaac on the keyboard and suddenly switching to the controller, isn't it? Oh well. I still think enter the Gungeon is a ripping good time.EDITED TO ADD: Coming back to this game, I still stink at it, but they've adjusted the game to make keys slightly easier to get, thus weapons are easier to get as well. I like that they didn't just say ""git gud, scrub"" and left it like that. I still say that Enter the Gungeon is a blast."
76561198084097703,Recommended,311690,33685520,Posted: 20 July,all,RustleMeNibbles,Gungeon more like fungeon
,Recommended,311690,33685254,Posted: 20 July,all,Rareboisonnage,Amazing game! I love it. The art/sound design are amazing and i'd reccomend it to anyone that likes bullet hell games
76561198120838975,Recommended,311690,33729375,Posted: 22 July,all,Ironbuttstallion,"Easily my favorite bullet storm game. The controls are precise and every time I die I can only blame my own poor coordination. The gungeon evolves the more you play and the more you unlock, with some really great surprises and tons of challenging and rewardig ways to play the game.As a side note, the game is definitely difficult and takes some practice to actually get very far. The difficulty of the game never decreases as you unlock things it just expands and requires you to know more about the level designs and the way different guns work."
,Recommended,311690,33728829,Posted: 22 July,all,Jellieknie,"Recommend this game any day, epic and something I'll always come back to."
76561198283065202,Recommended,311690,33718950,Posted: 22 July,all,TheBloodyWarlord,Fun Bullet Hell game. challenging until you get used to the controls. If you like Binding of Issiac you might enjoy this game as well.
,Recommended,311690,33735926,Posted: 22 July,all,Cinnamon,MY WAIFU IS BULLET WITH REVOLVER
,Recommended,311690,33714470,Posted: 22 July,all,ZerefZepher,"Puts the ""bullet"" in bullet hell.:^)I'll show myself out.~If into rogue-likes, Gungeon is worth the investment. The easy to learn, hard to master rogue-like mechanics find new grounds here, and often such so that the game gets more and more ridiculous the farther you get. The central theme of guns and bullets often gets repetitive, but the wacky selections of pickups, likable enemies, and randomly-generated dungeons keep runs fresh, as with other games of the genre."
,Recommended,311690,33722761,Posted: 22 July,all,Sevalius,"Having died almost 200 times in my pursuit of finishing this game I finally am confident in my skills to make it to the very final boss. And finally get the lucky run of my dreams that can see it through. But my greed got the better of me, as I became addicted to spice and was cursed to failure. Just one more run...."
,Recommended,311690,33754795,Posted: 23 July,all,HeyItsWorld,"The sense of effort you need to put in is outstanding. Amazing gameplay, and I'm glad that you can switch the controls. The tutorial really shows the basics, and its short and sweet. If you need something to do when you're bored, this is the game to go to. Have fun, Gungeoneers!"
76561198008497882,Recommended,311690,33791635,Posted: 25 July,all,Gibberish,Onyl thing that would make this game better is online co-op.
76561198157506176,Recommended,311690,33781058,Posted: 25 July,all,LeeChonWeii,This game Is my baby. 10/10
,Recommended,311690,33580455,Posted: 16 July,all,Gabo,"-Feels ballsy today, prays to shrine for 9 curse-Gets bloodied scarf (Replaces roll with teleport)-Curse shop selling cursed bullets-""Oh boy 130% damage upgrade""-First time expierencing the constant reaper-Gets wingman (20x2.3 damage op)-Literally cannot buy anything even if i lead the reaper about 30 seconds behind-Faces against Jammed Wall-Almost dies-See's health in last floor shop-Gone due to reaper-Dies to a red wizard that I couldn't kill because of timing issues10/10, high hopes only to crash and burn"
76561198135930846,Recommended,311690,33800886,Posted: 25 July,all,captain daddy,great
,Recommended,311690,33812310,Posted: 26 July,all,Jerry,"Enter the Dungeon is like a Abusive Partner at first, it will kick you down, you will hate it and try to thrive, but eventually be kicked again. Your brain will literally be overburdened (except you are savy and experienced in Bullet hell games of course) and literally give you a headache, but once you get used to it and start laughing about the humor and references rather than be salty that you died on the 4th boss it starts to become an addictive and fun game!You will start to thrive for perfection, resetting a run every time you take damage on the first two bosses, then the first thirdt, untill eventually you do a flawless run and start hard mode and unlock the secrets.The game has its problems, some runs are simply not fun doomed from the start and it can be repetitive and frustrating if you die too often, but you will only blame yourself and try to do better and improve.The first time you beat the ""last"" boss and play the secret missions, you have a feeling of achievement and euphoria, knowing you damn well worked for it and are now skilled in this game by every meaning of the word.You will laugh, cry, pull your hair out and ultimatively have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun!"
,Recommended,311690,22299207,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Ccstewy9000,It's Binding of Isaac + Nuclear Throne + More guns than all conservative Americans combined
76561198072026491,Recommended,311690,33823963,Posted: 26 July,all,JJohn Fuckerbutt,good time sink and lots of variation
76561198288053829,Recommended,311690,33846168,Posted: 27 July,all,Gio-Dough,"Beat the final boss with a literal sack of trash, a cardboard box and a watergun duct taped to a blackhole gunNice"
,Recommended,311690,33846696,Posted: 27 July,all,Shade,Enter the Gungeon is really best bullet hell game.
,Recommended,311690,33843098,Posted: 27 July,all,Frogg,The cursor gets messed up a lot but other than that its amazing.
,Recommended,311690,25082638,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Firewaze,"This is a fun Pulse pounding game that all boils down to your luck and skill, an d i like it. cause im bound to do this for every reveiw ill reveiw it.Goods-Large Variaty of guns-AMazing Sound ttrack-Every run is different- Lots of secrets-B U L L E T- Loads of refferences to dozens of gamesCONS-Very hard-at least 1/3 of guns are bad (Unless your like me who can adapt to using crap guns and can use them like they Crap be the new meta)-Co Op can be a pain to set up-Starter guns suckOver all this game is preatty dope i listen to the sound track on my spare time and ill play it in hopes of getting to that peice i need for the bullet that kills the past. The ennimies and rooms are usualy always different and everything is SO COLORFUL AND AWESOME.And even peopel agreeTrump - 10/10 I the bullets have great tatse in womenObama - 9/10 Its gudMe 10'000'000'000'000/ 10    Bullets are gay :3"
76561198062705242,Recommended,311690,33874459,Posted: 29 July,all,BOT John,"Enter the Gungeon is a very challenging bullet hell. The enemies and all the different guns are my favourite part. Shooting at cute shotgun shells with a gun that shoots letters (BULLET) is the best addition to the game. I have entered the gungeon about six times now and i have yet to complete it only once. Since bullets are flying everywhere doging and flipping tables were a clever mechanic from the developers to add, since it makes my day a lot easier, without it i would've probably rage quitted already."
76561198352634058,Recommended,311690,33890892,Posted: 29 July,all,Bagalagalaga,"Very fun, simple concept but very challenging due to the random nature of the dungeons. You really have to manage ammo and items to do well, very few chances to heal so every time you're hit it's a tragedy. Still can't beat level 4 after many many run throughs. You really have to earn the shortcuts to skip ahead levels by doing nearly perfect runs of the lower levels. Zany items and characters make it interesting throughout. I bought this on Steam summer super sale for cheap and have played it more than the other 5 games I got at the same time."
,Recommended,311690,33871630,Posted: 28 July,all,Iron Abs Krabs,"Very fun game. I still haven't beat the game in all my 60+ hours at the time of writing this review, but it still manages to be enjoyable everytime I start a new run. I recommend this game to anyone, it's worth a try."
,Recommended,311690,33895676,Posted: 29 July,all,xdp_TRIX,Extreamly fun rouge like. My only problem is the multiplayer
,Recommended,311690,33896102,Posted: 29 July,all,TeleportaL,Really addicting when you start to get good.
,Recommended,311690,33888936,Posted: 29 July,all,BackyardBard,"$15 well spent. This game is amazing.If you're an unlockables ♥♥♥♥♥ like I am, you need this game.10/10"
,Recommended,311690,33889652,Posted: 29 July,all,Chapitao,this game has way to much replay valueplus this game is hard afdungeon crawler bullet storm fun for the whole family
,Recommended,311690,33892437,Posted: 29 July,all,Spagoot,"This game is very fun but when you have a friend to play with it is much more fun but there is no online multiplayer and I can't think why not, even though there is no online multiplayer I thank the developers for adding local multiplayer more games should have it. The game is very bullet themed if you don't like bullet puns then leave"
76561198356715306,Recommended,311690,33909982,Posted: 30 July,all,DJackGamer,"goooooooooood game i love it but i have 1 fin it,s ceep crashing on the 2 chaper but it,s steeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeel a goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood game"
,Recommended,311690,32578416,Posted: 19 June,all,Godrilla,"This game is hard, you have to be really quick and have good reflexes. You have to keep playing and practice to beat the levels. You will die in this game, a lot of times but most importantly, this game is FUN. Maybe this game will make you angry or salty but you will be addicted to play this pure action game. So if you love pixel games or fast-paced games, then buy this game."
,Recommended,311690,31534060,Posted: 3 May,all,TheFabulousFiend,"This game is fun, and I like a lot of the aspects of the game. The only problem is, it is just way too hard. I have played this game for hours, trying to get better at it, but nothing helps. I'm still struggling with getting to the 2nd floor. But other than that 10/10"
76561197987761138,Recommended,311690,33934434,Posted: 31 July,all,ShadowDatsas,Awesome. Way too hard but awesome.+ Huge variety for guns and upgrades+ Lots of levels and enemies+ Coop+ Really nice underlying story concept; a gun that can kill the past? Ship me one tomorrow!+ Brutally hard but totally fair.+ Huuuuge replayability value (obviously)
,Recommended,311690,23273223,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mr. Mint,"A very well-made, thrilling, addicting, fun, and overall great roguelike from Devolver. If you are a fan of roguelikes, you will love this game. Just be aware, this isLEGITIMATELY THE HARDEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED.I've played Dark Souls 1 & 3 from start to finish, and that was a cakewalk compared to this. And that's not a bad thing."
,Recommended,311690,33942419,Posted: 31 July,all,Entiecrafter,you like bullet hells well that have that here in the literal and physical sense when you start off your weapons are weak and you have to be really skilled to get far but play for a bit and even a new gamer can get  pretty far with luck or by skill. this game makes you enjoy finding that one new weapon you found and the amazing implications they can have with your items like fat bullets with stout ones makes you have massive damage bullets and when you run out of shooting find a ruby braclet to make a comical GIANT weapon. i give this game 9.5/10p.s make sure to change your screen to borderless makes it so much easier to play.
,Recommended,311690,33935806,Posted: 31 July,all,Skigsie,Ok
76561198325209238,Recommended,311690,33936215,Posted: 31 July,all,Harbinger,"BEST Bullet Hell game EVER made! Even though I suck at it, I feel like an absoloute BOSS playing this! Dodging bullets that shoot themselves at me, running from the annoying Bullet Twins, beating the Bullet King LIKE A BOSS, its just so fun. Not to mention the immense replayability, I can play this for hours, take a break and play it for hours more.All in all, buy this if you like being awesome, or if you like a challenge. I cannot give more than one thumbs up in this review, so here are the others*thumbs up* *thumbs up* *thumbs up**thumbs up* *thumbs up* *thumbs up**thumbs up* *thumbs up* *thumbs up*"
,Recommended,311690,34027323,Posted: 4 August,all,Hauntyu,Picked up a gun that was a giant shell that fires multiple shotguns that fire when you hit an enemy10/10
,Recommended,311690,34048184,Posted: 5 August,all,Voodoo Chicken,"To be honest I'm not very good at this game, It's difficult for me and yet at the same time It keeps me engaged, entertained, and wanting to go again after every inevitable failure. It has a great variety of weapons and enemies each with clever and interesting designs and mechanics that keep each run fresh and interesting. Gameplay feels great with both keyboard/mouse and controllers. Topped off with a one-of-a-kind style and catchy sound track, I can proudly say this game is worth every penny and I recommend it to anyone who is even remotely interested in this game."
,Recommended,311690,34050218,Posted: 5 August,all,Lich King,This pleases me
,Recommended,311690,34075839,Posted: 6 August,all,Exvhius,"Before I start the review, let me give you quick details about me so you know what perspective this review is being written from.(NOTE: TL;DR is the verdict at the bottom)COMPLETION:- I have 100%ed the game, and then some. My perspective therefore largely overlooks earlygame progression, though I will try to wrack my memory to touch on it.- With everything unlocked, I've fired bullets at, as, and out of everything in the game. Obviously, I have my own opinion on what/who is good and what isn't.DIFFICULTY:- Again, I have managed feats comparatively few other players have. Therefore, this review will not have mercy for those who cannot beat Dragun normally.- If you want to complain about the pea shooter you start with, go play a cursed pilot run or two and get back to me.- I am a bit of a masochist. The more grueling the task, the more rewarded I feel upon conquering it.THE REVIEW:I've memorized the credit roll rap and what nearly all the guns do, and the names to go with them. What's left for me?Frankly, not much. Except writing a review, because apparently I haven't done that yet.I tend to ramble, so let's start with my first experience; I was offered a try, and I made it to The Hollow boss on my first run.Was I skilled? Not yet. However, I was close, and therefore I wanted to try to taste victory... so I bought the game, full price in my impatience.Early game felt repetitive, but the puns helped lighten the slog. However, I was soon introduced to my first black chest... I got lucky and got a gun, which carried me to my first Dragun Kill.Great - I made it through the first barrier. However, I soon realized most of my wins were luck-based. If I had a good gun, I won the runs. If I didn't, then I lost.This is where the game stops being fun.To force myself to learn how to handle enemy patterns, I used only the starting guns until I reached chamber 5. It was painful, and I found it a bit frustrating, but once I stopped doing that, my skill had improved immensely.At this point, getting hit was rare, so I was looking for a greater challenge... which the game provided in the aptly named ""Bullet Hell.""...Hey, wait, I'm rambling? Right, back on track.Early game balance is a distant memory, but the guns the game gives you prior to Dragun kill are extremely polarized. There are very distinct groups; guns that make a run, guns that aren't much better than your starting weapon, and guns that are useless.This is my first problem with the game; Any ""mediocre"" gun is given to you after the initial climb. There are very few good gap-filler guns that get you through Chambers 3-5 easily at that part of the game, which makes it difficult to get over that first wall. However, the game gives you PLENTY of hilariously strong guns after the fact....How strong is hilariously strong? Well, it's not very balanced - especially once you unlock the hidden character ""The Bullet.""Starting with a B-rank weapon (contrast every other character starting with a lowly D-rank gun) with the most broken mechanic in the game, Blasphemy lives up to its name. Early game is utterly trivialized by this blade: the ability to cancel bullets by attacking is impossibly overpowered. Who needs to dodge roll when you can simply wait a fraction of a second to swing and leave an opening wide enough to wait for the next volley?Beyond that, gunplay is fun, tables-as-cover mechanic is fun (but I only use it against a *single* enemy in Chamber 5), and flavor text and names are filled with puns.THE GOOD:- Core gameplay is rather exciting- Low downtime between bursts of action- Huge variety of guns with tons of little gimmicks to play with- Boss fights demand unique responses to unique situations- Nearly every bit of RNG can be countered with skill and situational awarenessTHE BAD:- Mapping is virtually nonexistent. There is a SINGLE item that reveals all floors. And it's S-rank rarity, so good luck finding it.- Better guns are reserved for people who are either lucky or are better players (post-dragun kill)THE UGLY:- What balance? Once you unlock Bullet, you play other characters to challenge yourself.- Elevator repair cost is super pricey for something you only actually need to do for achievements. It's like the only reason to play Pilot.- Some guns straight up tell me I've won the run. These include: Megahand, Yari Launcher, Proton Backpack, Mourning Star, RUBE-ADYNE Mk. II, Shotgun Full of Love, and worst of all - GUNTHER. With any of these, you can pretty handily beat Dragun if you're familiar with the patterns. Or, in Gunther's case, beat whatever's in front of you since it's so damn strong.VERDICT:Great game, great fun, but far from new-player friendly. If you want to get the most out of this game, you'll have to stop blaming your gun loadout and start blaming yourself, because if High-Curse Challenge Mode has taught me anything, any pattern you can't dodge is self-inflicted.8/10, Highly recommend."
76561198081541167,Recommended,311690,34072722,Posted: 6 August,all,OscarAsh,"I've been playing this game non stop.It's SOOOO addicting! One of the best roguelikes i've ever played, and one that you will for sure not regret buying."
,Recommended,311690,34045770,Posted: 5 August,all,Brick'n'Brunk,MMMF SO GOOD! AHHHHH!
,Recommended,311690,34048500,Posted: 5 August,all,RealPoptart727,"I found this game to be hilariously fun. It just keeps surprising me, with crazy new types of guns, and amazing lore (in my opinion) for a shmup roguelite mashup. The graphics rub you in just the right way, and the enemies are so cute. In addition, it actually pulls off a fantasy sci-fi vibe very well, which makes me happy to no end. In addition to endless replayability, this game is definitely a buy at 14.99USD( if you are in the future and it is more expensive, you still have my permission to buy it)."
,Recommended,311690,26247477,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,jb.eronen,"this game is intense, fun and most importantly keeps you playing a loooooooong time even tough the beginning is difficult"
,Recommended,311690,34026871,Posted: 4 August,all,BashCandyBoot,"Im not really into rouge like games, but im a big fan of bullet hells, and this game had me coming back again and again to play again, unlock characters, save new merchants, ect, and every time i came back i always found some new item or weapon that felt different from others."
76561198298608481,Recommended,311690,34025715,Posted: 4 August,all,Riplex,"Insane difficulty for those who ""like a challenge!"""
76561197983496416,Recommended,311690,34019881,Posted: 4 August,all,CrOnNoS,"Ok, started playing on coop. Didn't feel too nice since you need to share the camera and end up being shot ""out of nowhere"" frequently.Didn't really like the game by then. But later i played the single and it just became awesome. Just awesome. There's plenty of progression itens to keep things interesting while you're learning the monsters patterns and the complete run isn't too long, when you succeed.Along with the diferent weapons, it's the kind of game you wanna keep trying because you know you can do better next time and it doesn't require near as much lucky as it requires skill so, people complaining about the ""RNG"", they are just this bad, don't worry about them."
,Recommended,311690,34023737,Posted: 4 August,all,ShuffleFoxx,You like guns that are litterally impossible to create irl ? BUY THE GAMEDo you like guns in general ? BUY THE GAMEDo you like Roguelike games ? BUY THE GAMEDo you like S A L T ? BUY THE GAMEBut most importantly... Do you like rolling no matter what ? if you do BUY THE GAME10/10
76561198081365970,Recommended,311690,34080523,Posted: 7 August,all,Trireme,The greatest top down bullet hell game there is on steam!
76561198001020884,Recommended,311690,34093444,Posted: 7 August,all,Captain_Schorle,Buy this game if you like to die... A LOT!Sweet painful memorys!
,Recommended,311690,34090793,Posted: 7 August,all,shrub,"Fun and challenging gameplay, randomly generated levels, and extreme bullet hell difficulty.Just a few things about this game that need ""fixing"":1. You pretty much HAVE to get carried by something to win or get close to winning. I consider myself to have a high mechanical skill factor when it comes to this game and I'll still really struggle when I get to the 4th or 5th level if I don't have 2 or 3 really good guns/passive items. That being said this isn't really fixable with the difficulty of this game and the fact that rare guns are rare for a reason and finding them more consistently just to be able to win would defeat the purpose. You are NOT supposed to be able to ""streak"" in this game like Isaac. There are just some runs that you're going to lose no matter what.2. After you complete all the pasts, the game quickly gets very tedious doing the elevator shortcut tasks and other achievements. There just really isn't a whole lot to do, even though the gameplay itself is fun.3. Even though that there are a few hundred weapons/items in this game, there doesn't feel to be a whole lot of ""variety"". I run into a lot of the same guns every run, with the exception of a few Rank A & Rank S guns.You'll definitely get your money's worth out of this game if you enjoy bullet hell or roguelikes."
,Recommended,311690,29568806,Posted: 29 January,all,Reverend Revenant,"Got this game while it was on sale at half price.So far, it has proved to be quite a fun, yet difficult game.the randomiztion is nice, but it has proven to be a little cheap with what enemies spawn where. However, I can assure that if you buy Enter the Gungeon, you will get your moneys worth."
76561198122261987,Recommended,311690,34117251,Posted: 8 August,all,WeepingAngel_7,"Bang bang! Boom boom! This game is awsome. Shooting bullets with bullets! It's a fun and clever game, if not super difficult at times. Would definitely recommend this game."
76561198154573513,Recommended,311690,34118093,Posted: 8 August,all,allanthegoat,you have to be good if you want to enjoy it
,Recommended,311690,34119553,Posted: 9 August,all,ThePillarOfLight,A lot of tiny details added and has a great difficulty added to it making it a fun and challenging game.
76561198066702808,Recommended,311690,34114038,Posted: 8 August,all,Clutch,"Super fun game, just wish it was multiplayer!!"
76561197989656719,Recommended,311690,33993587,Posted: 3 August,all,Fitcher,"Hard game but alot of fun, you might like it if you like bindings of isac."
76561198121099535,Recommended,311690,29855409,Posted: 11 February,all,Ultimater,Dark Souls with guns? SIGN ME UP!!!
,Recommended,311690,29913300,Posted: 13 February,all,Chef Man,I have too many games like this. No idea why I do this to myself
,Recommended,311690,34091421,Posted: 7 August,all,mr tickle nuts,kind of like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ but better
76561198068413793,Recommended,311690,34091664,Posted: 7 August,all,「Bringo Brongo」,The Binding of Zeldablo: Gun Edition
,Recommended,311690,29770328,Posted: 7 February,all,Numbers,"This game is pretty great for a rogue-like dungeon crawler and I'd love to get back on this game but find it unplayable for myself and it really is an issue on my end, won't give this game a bad rating though :D (the game worked fine when I first got it last year, issue started happening when I got back on it this year :( )EDIT: After dealing with an issue with my motherboard and getting a new one installed a few months ago; the game work absolutely fine so I can get back to enjoying to great game now! :D"
76561198076261119,Recommended,311690,34134506,Posted: 9 August,all,Slightly Buttered Bread,Beat Dark souls. Feel Happy.Try to beat this. Feel sad.10/10 will die again.
76561198308675376,Recommended,311690,34137329,Posted: 9 August,all,Cwils822,"This game has many difficult bosees and many different weapons. The only complaint I would have about this game is that some of the weapons you can get are basically useless, and they appear far too much. Otherwise recommended."
,Recommended,311690,34275457,Posted: 16 August,all,WeebAss,Nice gamebut no sensitivity slider?thats the only con other than that great game
76561198152673820,Recommended,311690,34238775,Posted: 14 August,all,Dk guillotine,this game is crazy fun and crazy difficult if you liked binding of issac and nuclear throne you will simply adore this game and the convict is bae great game BUY IIIIIIT!
,Recommended,311690,26974518,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Detective Berry,gud garm
,Recommended,311690,31857326,Posted: 20 May,all,Reuseable Giftcard,I have entered the gungeon.And I don't even regret it.
,Recommended,311690,34253188,Posted: 15 August,all,DonnaNera,"This is probably the best game you could ever wish for.Super entertaining, you never get tired of playing it.I've played it for more like 150hours and still I enjoy it so much!Amazing: the colours, the characters, the achievements, the guns, the items...Everything is just perfect!Loved it!"
,Recommended,311690,34247970,Posted: 14 August,all,Vorktis,enter the gungeon is the epitome of entering a dungeon full of guns which is why it is called enter the guneon because it is a dungeon full of guns uhhh its pretty cool
76561198262682256,Recommended,311690,34182693,Posted: 11 August,all,Amigirl,Has beautiful gun play
76561198036254233,Recommended,311690,34207525,Posted: 12 August,all,PigChimp,"One of the best rogue-likes i've played on steam. The base gameplay feels very tight and has enough unique weapons/enemies/buffs/etc. to keep every run fun and different. The RNG is not too brutal but can be frustrating getting brown chests every first chamber. Each run is fun in itself, but the macro progression of items/NPCs/lore adds another layer of depth to this game that beats out other rogue-likes (Rogue Legacy for example).This game is 10/10 in terms of fun, replayability, game design, and variety."
76561198340623801,Recommended,311690,34262637,Posted: 15 August,all,Weasel,"*dies to the first floor boss for probably the hundredth time*me: ""Ugh, this game is impossible""*quick restart*"
76561198164630952,Recommended,311690,34265831,Posted: 15 August,all,Toon-e,"One of my favorite games, but also the game that made me question my life choices"
76561197991087574,Recommended,311690,34314819,Posted: 17 August,all,-ality -ality -ality -ality,This game is good and all but what's the point of giving the player a choice of characters at the beginning if one of them has a tiny wee pixelated corgi and the others don't.I hate myself for liking this more than Nuclear Throne.
76561198033151270,Recommended,311690,34320578,Posted: 17 August,all,Skulkiin,"Have died 20 times and made it to level 2 twice. Games good, I am not."
76561198157833679,Recommended,311690,34339613,Posted: 18 August,all,Vault B O Y E,How to sum up this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVTXPUF4Oz4
76561198124938865,Recommended,311690,34348574,Posted: 19 August,all,UBToughEnuff,Very gunny and not very punny... mhmm... yea...
76561198318766104,Recommended,311690,34487603,Posted: 25 August,all,The Communist Party,One of my favorite games I have played I got hooked instantly after the sweet menu music.
,Recommended,311690,34483785,Posted: 25 August,all,muryllo,it's good I guess
76561198066929386,Recommended,311690,34540360,Posted: 27 August,all,Captain Skyte K.,Dis is goud 12/4312
,Recommended,311690,34539489,Posted: 27 August,all,jTrillen,"Easily the most slept on, and under rated game, that goes unknown. Everything has it going for this game, besides ONLINE Co-Op! You can only play on the same computer. ""Enter The Gungeon"" does it have any guns?! Hell yes, and they keep on adding more. The items make the game something brand new, with having 'on use' items, as well as passive items. You start out with 4 characters, and can use another if you play Co-Op. If you love DUngeon Crawler RPGs, this is for you!"
76561198137678589,Recommended,311690,34540267,Posted: 27 August,all,FlavouredBr,"Simple and perfect, what more needs to be said?"
76561198065738801,Recommended,311690,26871506,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Temporary Jesus,simply a 10
,Recommended,311690,34159429,Posted: 10 August,all,UhHh,cool game that you can play every so often
76561198160928530,Recommended,311690,34138509,Posted: 9 August,all,mattzgillz,"I love this game, it's my ideal rougelike. The dodge roll with I-frames and the cursor aiming really give it an edge over The Binding of Isaac, for me personally. The music is a joy to listen to, the visuals are colorful and beautiful, and the game has a great sense of humor as well. I totally recommend it."
,Recommended,311690,34197259,Posted: 12 August,all,SlavGaming95,"После того как я мастерски разучил Рю, Соника и Марио в Boshy, я думал что Булетхелы это мое. Как же я ошибался."
76561198260461421,Recommended,311690,34153918,Posted: 10 August,all,blazeblaze1011,Is it sad that I have over 90 hours ingame and I have only gotten to the Forge once? YesDo I care? No#BallonGunOP
,Recommended,311690,24214018,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dad,This game ♥♥♥♥♥ down your throat 10/10Serious note: Needs a bit more polishing but with new big update in fall (If it doesn't get delayed they want to release across all platforms at the same time) that update should hopefully fix small issues.
76561198026972487,Recommended,311690,30338458,Posted: 5 March,all,Righteris,"This is a very good game, with loads of different guns and enemies. It has frequent updates with even more content. It is even better if you like local co-op games like i do.  Generally, I highly recomend and can't wait for more updates!!tThe only thing i would add to the game if i could  would be more sidekick characters."
76561197967559167,Recommended,311690,34648124,Posted: 31 August,all,Robot Vagina,"This game is good even though I'm bad at it. The rogue-like nature isn't too random. If you're good at dodging and avoiding bullets in general, you should be able to get through it. I can't.The gradual adding of new items and guns helps in the replayability. If you're terrible like me though, it won't help in getting any further than the 4th gungeon.There are a crazy amount of NPCs to unlock. They help out in the course of playing the game with side games and challenges and shops, but it doesn't help me. I just keep dying at the hands of the easiest enemies. But the guns are shiny!Highly recommended, except for people like me: impossibly hopeless in dodging the slowest bullets."
76561198277043460,Recommended,311690,33283297,Posted: 5 July,all,❖ProMemeLord,This game has a weapon that is a shell that fire shotguns.Need I say more ?Totally worth every penny.
76561198111825996,Recommended,311690,34767031,Posted: 5 September,all,Grandma,Fun but A HUGE ♥♥♥♥ING DIFFFICULTY DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE FIRST AND SECOND FLOORS LIKE WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THE AMMOCONDA ITS 10x WORSE THAN ANY OF THE 1ST FLOOR BOSSES
76561198212258235,Recommended,311690,33424128,Posted: 10 July,all,TheDarkSpartan,"I'll be honest, I never would have known this game existed had it not been for seeing a youtube video on this game one day. This has got to be one of my favorite games to play when my friends aren't around, the attempts you do to get through all the chambers are randomized so the layout and guns you get are all different. It's a game that's difficult but fair. I still have yet to beat the game, and for the $7.50 I got this game for during the steam summer sale, it was worth every penny. Death has real drawbacks; you die you lose your items you restart from where you started (with some exceptions). The adrenaline rush you feel when you are the furthest you have ever gotten is intense. Today I managed to almost get through the fifth chamber, this was only my third time ever getting to that chamber. I know I will continue to play this game, I know I can beat it eventually and the game keeps making me come back, something that few other games can truly make me do.Edit: I have now killed all 4 of the main characters pasts, and yes it was worth it."
,Recommended,311690,31892810,Posted: 21 May,all,ryanjs1020,"I take back everything I said earlier, this is actually a really good, although challenging, game."
76561198185277625,Recommended,311690,34664584,Posted: 1 September,all,jgr,"This game is awesome. Gameplay feels great and even after completing the game, there is still a ton to do."
,Recommended,311690,34704267,Posted: 2 September,all,Porgem,"Love the game, super fun and while I had my doubts about this type of game, Enter the Gungeon has removed them, simply because every single run is different, but almost every run you feel powerful enough. One thing I would like is the ability to create custom runs that don't unlock achievements etc. but that you can control drops before you start the run, but overall great game I would recommend"
76561198153097577,Recommended,311690,34707443,Posted: 3 September,all,smoothop101,As addicting as it is punishing. It feels like playing Contra for the first time on the NES - a timeless classic.
76561198091308638,Recommended,311690,34698276,Posted: 2 September,all,Muscle Man,"This is MY go to game: When there is nothing else to play or if I feel like a challenege or if I need to kill some time. All in all it's a great game, the best bullet hell I've played. And there is a lot of incentive in playing this game. Recommend this to anyone who like bullet hells."
,Recommended,311690,34700619,Posted: 2 September,all,Taihus,All the guns are fantastic.The bullet-hell elements are excellent.Too many references and shout-outs to count.The bulletkin take cover behind tables.
,Recommended,311690,31765922,Posted: 15 May,all,WHO DID THIS,"Update: making a real review.T:;DR: 9.5/10. Smooth, well-made, but difficult in a real sense.Enter the Gungeon is a bullet hell roguelike shooter, with elements of Nuclear Throne and The Binding of Isaac. However, unlike BoI, it is 100% skill based. Every death feels like your fault, and if you get bad items, you can still play well.PROS:+ Smooth gameplay that lets you move and shoot in any direction.+ Items and weapons are made well, and they have in-game synergies.+ A  large variety of bosses and enemies, which all have their own gimmicks and strategies.+ Completely skill based.+ There is never a sense of being overpowered, like in BoI, so it is more satisfying.+ The game never holds your hand or carries you through the game.~ Has modding support and a few mods, but not very many.~ Sort of pricey, but every single cent worth it.~Long-ish loading times, but only when generating a new Gungeon.~ Sometimes locks up my keyboard for a few seconds. Some other games do, but this one is the most frequent.- A few things are not explained in the tutorial.Overall, I give this a 9.5/10. If my keyboard didn't lock up ever once in a while, i'd increase to 9.8/10."
,Recommended,311690,22253225,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TheBowWowers,.
76561198035130011,Recommended,311690,34804769,Posted: 7 September,all,Phalange,"This game is the small bush hiding the forest. Starts simple with a gun, a dodge ability and one benign special ability.The gungeon is always the same but the rooms move. Each run allows you to add a gun to your collection. Each run brings you further, gets you more loaded. You end up with this super rich game with hundreds of guns and perks. It is a veeeeery long journey and by the time you realize you still have to kill the past  *Wink* >.o"
76561198080268868,Recommended,311690,34806552,Posted: 7 September,all,LW9955,"I have many more hours on PS4. This game is super amazing. It is colorful, fun, replay-value loaded, challenging, amazing difficulty curve, and yeah, please buy it. It rocks <3 <3 <3 <3"
,Recommended,311690,34807386,Posted: 7 September,all,Main Course,"I've yet to get the gun that killls the past, but this game is so fun. The dodge roll mechanic really forces you to pay attention to the whole screen as to perfectly time your i frames to dodge as much as possible while not running into anything. The expansive variety of guns keeps the game fresh and interesting every run. It feels a lot more fast paced than BoI, which I appreciate, there are no really slow moments. You never have to worry about being stuck with the starting gun the whole time, as you'll get new guns often, and something as simple as the sawed off can bring you to the 5th floor. If you like a cross between nuclear throne and BoI you'll love this game. The experience is great, the characters are fun and interesting, and the gameplay is outstanding, i'd give the game a solid 8.5/10."
76561198119156317,Recommended,311690,22325838,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,the scheme machine,its p good
76561198217941356,Recommended,311690,25352625,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,✪Selfie✪,I shot a bullet at another bullet after I came out of a elevator shaped like a bullet... Shortly later I drowned.
,Recommended,311690,34832165,Posted: 9 September,all,Vikumi,"Fun boss fights, Simple and sleek mechanics to make up a difficult game. 10/10 would recommend to any masochist."
76561198405639343,Recommended,311690,34835985,Posted: 9 September,all,Novaldichrist,This is a great 2d games with many contents inside especially guns and boss fightStill this game is too hard for me but practice makes perfect...
,Recommended,311690,34825774,Posted: 8 September,all,Bill Simmons,"Similar to Binding of IssacI like Binding of IssacI like Enter the GungeonDown LowIf you are comfortable with dying a number of times in-game with little to show for it (as the game restarts you at level 1), but playing unique playthroughs each time this could be something for you.It's a good change of pace for me, compared to a fps/moba. Changing it up to a singleplayer game won't allow you to get mad at some mouth breather for picking some trashcan hero.Luck may not be on your side, open a chest get a poor man's power up, lack of keys to unlock a decent chest, pockets dry no change to buy some hearts before that boss battle, etc.With this being said there's no difficulty setting, you might get on a hot streak of power ups and weapons leading you to a long playthrough and possible completion.Maybe I'm just a stan for games like this, but I've put in next to nothing when it comes to time in this game and I think it was well worth the $7.49.tax not included"
,Recommended,311690,34806048,Posted: 7 September,all,Crunkles Dunkle,Fun as hell but hard as hell
,Recommended,311690,34828598,Posted: 8 September,all,Coyote,If you like The binding of isaac you'll love Enter The Gungeon.Tons of replayability
,Recommended,311690,34827970,Posted: 8 September,all,phagus,its good
,Recommended,311690,22760090,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,☢ Alex_aka_Delta ☢,"My opinion on this game has changed. I decided to get it again since it was on sale and give it a second shot. (oh my the puns)The game still feels a bit clunky in my opinion, but there are way more items and weapons etc.I am glad that I tried it again, the game has good challenge to it too.I would recomend getting it on a sale though, just to be safe."
76561198288150423,Recommended,311690,34905459,Posted: 12 September,all,Caribou,"nice game, play it !!!"
76561198206401763,Recommended,311690,34956676,Posted: 14 September,all,Abraxos,"A great game that reminds me of the Binding of Isaac, but with better gameplay and even more variety."
,Recommended,311690,34970994,Posted: 15 September,all,LordInfernox,"This is the hardest game I have ever played BUT it doesnt get old.This game has great graphics and amazing music and sound. The guns keep it very interesting and even if I never get past the first boss (did it twice so far... on luck) its still worth the money as the replay is sooo much fun.A gun called the 'Lowercase r' which shoots words and the gun pronounces the words! What is not to like.Great value for money, shame I didnt buy it sooner!"
76561198199304786,Recommended,311690,34952427,Posted: 14 September,all,Solchair,"This game is good, buy it"
,Recommended,311690,34963115,Posted: 14 September,all,Kilometers,A addicting and tough game that keeps sucking me in
,Recommended,311690,34964429,Posted: 14 September,all,Dippy Eggs,shute
76561198363460754,Recommended,311690,34980428,Posted: 15 September,all,Incredicrafter,I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!
76561198062651153,Recommended,311690,34979457,Posted: 15 September,all,Radiotheatre,Frantic one-more-run roguelike with solid comedic chops and real heart. Just keeps giving
76561198195063154,Recommended,311690,25379013,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Hardcore Slime Rancher,"Probably my favorite rouge like, and definetly my favorite twin stick shooter. The combat feels excellent, its got a good pace, and the dodge roll mechanic really adds to the depth of combat. The game just oozes charm, and variety. These adorable bullet enemys, to some other even cooler enemys. Unlike most other games of the genere it manages to stay fresh and fun through every run, Plus there still giving it some pretty rad new updates! Also and absurd amount of guns and items, with awesome pixel art to acompany it. I give Enter the Gungeon my Nickleodeons Kids Choice award."
76561198357421184,Recommended,311690,35088969,Posted: 20 September,all,davidramos03,"Too good, godly (and in the best way) hard"
76561198057337824,Recommended,311690,35105408,Posted: 21 September,all,Ana Osso,"What a fun game! It's a hard and challenging game and the more you play the better you get! This game has something I was searching for a long time: fast gameplay and great controls!If you want to challenge yourself, this is the title you are looking for."
76561198095642497,Recommended,311690,35093362,Posted: 20 September,all,Waterguy,You can be a bullet shooting a gun that looks like a bullet which shoots guns which shoot bullets. 9/10
,Recommended,311690,29972616,Posted: 16 February,all,Greynvi,you get a gun thats a bullet that shoots guns and the guns shoot bullets at bullets and the bullets have guns that shoots bullets at you
76561198042456947,Recommended,311690,35131558,Posted: 22 September,all,Dobberlyn Jones,"Fun game, great coach co-op, very fun rouge like that has hours of gameplay"
76561198160209913,Recommended,311690,32738930,Posted: 24 June,all,SlickSerpent,"They should rename this game Enter the Keep of the Lead Lord. Okay, that's not a reson to hate on this game. I'm still kind of conflicted on some aspects, but overall this is an enjoyable game. The biggest pro is that each run through a level is different; they have the same name and overall same asthetics, but other than that, it's all randomly generated. Meaning whenenver you die and Enter the Keep of the Lead Lord again, it's a completely different layout each time. This keeps the game varied and is the one thing saving this game from not being terrible IMO. But, for cons, let's see...I don't like the dodge roll. Even Dark Souls has the decency to let you control where you are going mid-roll, but not this game. You could argue that it adds another layer of challenge, but I think that it only serves to annoy you. Plus, not being able to control while you roll means you might plummet into a pit and you weren't looking because you were trying to shoot enemies.Secondly, appearance of different items in the shop each time means that sometimes you can go into the shop and there won't be any healing items, or you go in and there won't be any keys or whatever.Thirdly, don't bother with ""medkits"" that are presented to you in the tutorial, because I have yet to see a medkit in the Gungeon. Also, enemies drop items way to rarely for a lot of gameplay sections to feel gratifying.Lastly, the very first time I made it to the second floor, I had very low health because the after-boss loot had the decency to only spanw to half hearts. So, I go into this one room my first time playing the second floor, and suddenly find myself up against two sarcophagus things that I have never seen before so I immediately die.And, probably the biggest problem of all, is that this game is hard for the sake of being hard. Something like Dark Souls is challenging and rewarding. This is just..... hard. It's like ""I wanna be that guy"" or ""Exit Path"" in that regard; really f*cking hard because f*ck you.Huuuuu... I've probably made this game sound a lot worse than it is. The combat is enjoyable, this game's got a lot of charm, sprite animation is good, but I just wish it was more explained that this isn't a game about gathering a bunch of weapons and looting and shooting, it's more of a game about trial and error and just replaying again and again until you're good. I guess I shouldn't compare an isometric shooter to Dark Souls. Also I would have liked to see somewhere on the store page that conveys that this is a ""get-as-far-as-you-can"" type game. Despite these problems, I still feel like I should recommend this game because it is quite a bit of fun, and when it is that much fun, these flaws don't quite get in the way. Emphasis on the ""don't quite"" though."
76561198262960160,Recommended,311690,35127123,Posted: 22 September,all,sNatic X,Really a good game
76561198045996897,Recommended,311690,35137659,Posted: 22 September,all,Bear,"Like Binding of Isaac that flows better, tastes good, and more gun.Enter the gungeon is a bullet hell shooter that does a lot with the content it has. The game won't get repetitive for a long time due to the variety of runs you will have. Beating this game will take a long time, but it is all tied to how skilled you are. Because of this the game is satisfying as you can feel yourself git gud.Definitely a must have"
,Recommended,311690,22279754,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Sam Hyde,"My stand  [THE  BULLET] will kill the past.To me this is the best in the rogue light...or is it rouge like?.. whatever this genre is.It has a lot of variety and is challenging. I have not had very good rng, but whenever I do I manage to  throw at some point."
76561198248814246,Recommended,311690,35033753,Posted: 17 September,all,Sunny,Great game amazingly good. But this game needs online multiplayer.
,Recommended,311690,35024721,Posted: 17 September,all,Barquest | Farmskins.com,"so many guns that u could try, unique and OVER POWER!------------and so hard to beat this game"
76561198354458744,Recommended,311690,34985054,Posted: 15 September,all,Goo87,This is a great game! 9/10
76561198034933989,Recommended,311690,35130089,Posted: 22 September,all,Bathtub Tiger,I really do love the game BUT with all the puns on guns i cannot forgive that fact they dont have an enemy called the GUNGEONUS CRAB. thats the biggest dissapointment since the defenders
76561198261453028,Recommended,311690,35154676,Posted: 23 September,all,Crispbreadfish,"I'm bad with words soo...This is a good game. Difficult, but good."
76561198205387376,Recommended,311690,35169464,Posted: 23 September,all,LEL,10/10 100/100 best game
76561198208310493,Recommended,311690,35172203,Posted: 23 September,all,jamesarcauail,"I actually played this game so much that I had become desensitized and unaware of why I'm still playing it....but I'm still playing it, after approximately 400 hours."
76561198275701513,Recommended,311690,35214403,Posted: 25 September,all,Matt7895,"One of the best games I've ever bought, I only have about 130 hours right now but I can definitely see myself getting 1000+ on this games"
,Recommended,311690,35215262,Posted: 25 September,all,coolgap12,Its good
76561198145688538,Recommended,311690,35215670,Posted: 25 September,all,Cowboy Cookie,litty
,Recommended,311690,35212519,Posted: 25 September,all,i like eeyore,"interesting, challenging, fun"
76561198127943704,Recommended,311690,35273077,Posted: 28 September,all,Z1Q,"This game is amazing. I'm total crap, but that doesn't stop me from having fun. The controls are intuitive and the puns are great. Can't wait for the new update!"
,Recommended,311690,35274583,Posted: 28 September,all,MightOfaMillionMen,buy it if you like dungeon crawler games. This game is amazing. Very replayable and challenging. Fun weapons and easter eggs.
,Recommended,311690,35254923,Posted: 27 September,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚 ㄒ卄口ㄒ己,Veri gud gam yais?
76561198037787640,Recommended,311690,35251127,Posted: 27 September,all,Wedo68,"If I were to compare most rogue-like games to this one, it's intense even in earlier levels and never fails to make the player adapt to new gun actions and level layout. Controls are as solid as they can be when forced up against a dozen foes shooting projectiles from every corner of the screen to in your face. Music is good as some tracks have my attention more than others and its use of color mixed with its use of pixel art is stunning. All in all its a game worth playing more than once if you wanna also find some nice secrets!"
,Recommended,311690,35265553,Posted: 28 September,all,Z4CH4,It's good and fun but also very hard
,Recommended,311690,23456446,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,...,ROLLIN' ROLLIN' ROLLIN'Clear roomProceed to next roomROLLIN' ROLLIN' ROLLIN'Repeat
76561198087855905,Recommended,311690,22958545,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Bubberdub,"Alright, I've played Gungeon a pretty good amount of time to review it now, and overall I really love this game.Tons of reviews say that Enter the Gungeon is unfair, because chests and items can be crap in the beginning of a run and mess you up. Yeah, there's some luck to the items you pull, but in the end Gungeon is 99% skill based.It just feels SOOOO good to dodge out of a bullets path and swerve and swoop through bullet hell. I feel Gungeon is probably the single most satisfying rogue-lite I have played. Killing an enemy is so rewarding, it's just fun.Another game I adore is The Binding of Isaac, and that game is also a masterpiece. This game could compare to Isaac in a few ways, but the main difference is just how fun it is to kill enemies. In Gungeon, I always get an exhilirating feeling when I walk into a room full of walking shotgun shells and pump some lead into their poor little faces. It's a blast.I recommend Enter the Gungeon."
,Recommended,311690,35274845,Posted: 28 September,all,SupremeS,"With the roaring success of The Binding of Isaac, and with many other similar titles following in its wake, it’s a fair assumption that there are enough games in the rogue-like genre to keep you happy for a very long time. Naturally, this isn’t a bad thing, but the by-product of this is that any new addition to the genre can struggle to make an impact. Enter The Gungeon, however, brings a novel approach to tackling this problem - guns. Lots and lots of them.The clue's in the name, really; there’s a ton of firepower here to take advantage of as you fight through the game's randomly generated levels, with choices ranging from something as basic as an AK-47 to something as bizarre as a beehive. There’s a lot of fun to be had with experimenting with each new weapon you encounter, working out just how truly destructive (or useless!) they can be. Throw in a multitude of abilities that can power up your shots, such as the ability for your shots to be electrified or home in on your target, and at times you’ll quite easily find yourself turning into quite the whirlwind of destruction.It’s lucky this is the case, because Enter The Gungeon is pretty damn hard, and that's putting it lightly. Even the first floor and its boss can see hails of bullets flying towards you, and it’s up to you to think fast and try desperately to survive. You’ve got two main abilities helping you – the first is blanks, an item which will clear the room of bullets in the blink of an eye. The second, and most important, is the dodge roll – a move that makes you temporarily invincible, letting you dive through enemy fire to a safe location in a manner that’s much cooler than it has any right to be. And you’d better get used to rolling around a lot, because the first floor is peanuts compared to everything else out to kill you. It’s not uncommon in later levels for sheer bullet hell situations to arise, and if you can’t roll yourself into the tiny piece of safe space that's kindly offered up to you, you’ll end up good and dead sooner rather than later.Here’s where the game pulls off its greatest triumph, however; even in the midst of all the chaos than can occur, this is a challenge that never feels unfair. There’s never the sense that you're stuck in an impossible situation, or that the damage you took was inevitable - a byproduct of the game trying to screw you over. You’re able to recognise every fault as your own, taking the knowledge of every chunk of damage and failed attempt on to your next run to keep improving all the time.Other rogue-likes have similar ideas behind their progression curve, I’m aware, but I’ve never encountered an example in the genre that pulls this off as masterfully as this. I started off struggling to get anywhere near the end of the second floor, but with time and effort that became a struggle to get to the end up the third floor. Later on, it was the fourth. Now with a little luck I can obtain a win with a fair degree of consistency, but the best thing about this is that is feels like every victory is something I've truly earned. It’s like slaying a boss in Dark Souls, or finally beating a hard Guitar Hero song – the sense of satisfaction is so much sweeter because of all the trials you’ve had beforehand.Yet Enter The Gungeon is by far a one trick pony, because there’s plenty of other things beyond its sublime gameplay that are executed well. For one, the cartoony art style is visually very pleasing – all the characters and enemies are both memorable and charming to look at, and with each having a distinct design it carries the bonus of ensuring that it’s always clear what’s going on. The soundtrack is also excellent stuff – whilst it’s the main theme most people may be aware of, I’m giving special shout out to the boss themes, which never fail to get me pumped up and ready for battle.In fact, everything here is done so well it’s actually a struggle to find any major faults. The only personal gripe I had came with the obscurity of many of the game's secrets, behind which a surprising amount of content is hidden. There’s nothing wrong with having such secrets, naturally, but when it takes me using strategy guides and YouTube videos to even get a vague knowledge of their existence… Well, it gets a little silly. But hey! Maybe I’m just dumb. I’d also say that the default controls felt incredibly awkward and confusing to me, especially when precision is so frequently required. This is not really an issue, especially when there’s full key remapping available for both controller and keyboard and mouse -  but perhaps it's something that you should be aware of when you first start playing.Enter the Gungeon not only manages to establish it as an excellent example of the rogue-like, then, but in fact has managed to lodge itself in place as one of the very best in the genre. If you’re in any way curious and up to the challenge, this is very much a must buy."
,Recommended,311690,31179745,Posted: 16 April,all,Communist Catto,"Everything, and I mean everything, in this game is unique. This game is so underrated, you know what? Just buy this game, I don't care what you think, trust me. Get this amazing ♥♥♥♥ing game. And now. I know I sound like I'm being mean, but I'm doing you a good thing. Buy. This. Amazing. Game."
76561197998309446,Recommended,311690,35315385,Posted: 29 September,all,nddst,Like the best game EVER
,Recommended,311690,35313680,Posted: 29 September,all,Lokly,"When Isaac is oversaturated with items and some of them will make you overpowered no matter what, this game gives you a much smater upproach.Its harder, its more of a bullethell. Its more unfair sometimes.But damn, thats a good game.Only bees are overpowered, but i think its a meme.This game has build enabling items, so don't be upset that if you find a weapon and its♥♥♥♥♥♥- there can be other items that will make it viable. In fact most of B and A tier weapons are better than S tier if you have the right build enabling item."
76561198083538171,Recommended,311690,35365732,Posted: 30 September,all,Misses_Mayo,complete and utter trash would rate 0/10 on yelplol jk good game
,Recommended,311690,35365766,Posted: 30 September,all,P0T4T0crab,Games is pretty sick. Is all I need to list.
76561198040766014,Recommended,311690,35298501,Posted: 29 September,all,CaptainJackSpearow,"one of the best games i have ever played. if you enjoy rng, top down shooters youll simply just fall in love with this game"
,Recommended,311690,35300093,Posted: 29 September,all,leilieba,"This game is relentless to beginners, but it is really fun when you get used to it. You can not expect to be good at it at first."
,Recommended,311690,35359041,Posted: 30 September,all,Digital Terror,"Super fun dungeon crawler. If you are a fan of binding of Isaac, or enjoy procedurally generated games that are a little different everytime you play it, this one is for you."
,Recommended,311690,35162790,Posted: 23 September,all,supercurrypowder87,"9/10.Excellent replay value! From completing each character's unique ending, to the hundreds of guns you'll unlock through each playthrough, each run feels fresh, challenging and rewarding. If you're not familiar to the shoot-em up genre, this game can be punishing, but not without giving you opportunities to unlock more powerful items and weapons to help you along the way. If you want a good time waster and something you can hop in and play quickly with plenty of replayability, EtG can scratch that itch."
,Recommended,311690,35158370,Posted: 23 September,all,Argencho,Awesome Game very fun and is a good Challenge!!
76561198152254534,Recommended,311690,35150518,Posted: 23 September,all,Consummate,"The game is absolutely great. The main thing about this game is its Replayability. You can spend so much time and effort for it, making it worth to play so much. You must really play this game."
,Recommended,311690,35166196,Posted: 23 September,all,d4rkd0s,"Awesome game. Must buy, also tip: use controller ;)"
76561198254250461,Recommended,311690,30491110,Posted: 13 March,all,SilverHomicide,"I don't really feel like writing a long review at the moment, but I will say this:PROS:-Really nice asthetic and theme-Huge variety of guns and items-Intense and fast-paced action keeps you on the edge of your seat-Brutally hard-The dungeon layout generation is random, but each room is designed by a dev, making each room well-designed, without it becoming super boring-Incredible soundtrack and sound design-Local co-op-Clever, ""punny"" writing-Varied bosses for each floorCONS:-I you die you start on floor one, meaning you have to re-play very similar-looking rooms over and over again-Brutally hard-No built-in online multiplayer-Takes a while to stop dying almost immedietly every run-It's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on controller (at least steam controller; it could be my configuration, but my experience with bullet-hells [which is limited] dictates that mouse and keyboard is the superior control method)In conclusion, this game is fantastic (with a few small exceptions). I think it's definitely worth full price and you'll play it for a while. It's uncomprimising difficulty and satisfying combat, mixed with its beautiful asthetic and epic sundtrack, make it an incredibl enjoying experience.12/14 shotgun-kin"
76561198328215743,Recommended,311690,35192809,Posted: 24 September,all,Meme Marine (G.E.W.P),"ITS AS HARD AS MY♥♥♥♥♥♥But is generally a fun and enjoyable gaming experience. Whilst it is utterlyannoyingENRAGING, it is still a great game full of funny jokes, (mostly) lovable NPC'S and most importantly, guns! The only real problem is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t learning curve, but if you already have experience with over games such as binding of isaac, you will have an easier time.i definitley recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a bullet hell type of challange."
76561198155387148,Recommended,311690,35195552,Posted: 24 September,all,Another Settlement Needs Help,"You know i just love this game. It is so much fun. Whenever I play it, I end up playing it for weeks. Once I notice that ive played it too much, I have to go through a mental detox. And then the process would just repeat itself."
76561198217285461,Recommended,311690,35232115,Posted: 26 September,all,Jak Sandrow,"A delightfully difficult bullet hell. With a huge variety of enemies, heaps of guns, and plenty of pop culture references to snort in amusement over, Enter The Gungeon is a wonderful shooter for solo play or co-op, and definitely makes its way onto the list of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,311690,35233562,Posted: 26 September,all,(530) Kp_Archangel,"I usually do not like low resolution, birds eye view indy-esque games. However i was super hungover after my 27th birthday, hanging out at my brother's house and he kicks this game on while i was recovering on the couch and holy hell this game is absolutley ♥♥♥♥ing epic. 10/10 I havent played a games this fun since Metal Slug and Mario and Luigi on SNES. Super fun and hilarious, tons  of guns, random spawned levels and people you can rescue, it all works together perfectly and its hella fun to play!"
76561198275983187,Recommended,311690,35233065,Posted: 26 September,all,hearingshark72,"I was going to wait until I had the same amount of hours in Enter The Gungeon as I did Nuclear Throne (at the time of this reveiw Enter The Gungeon was at 20 hours and Nuclear Throne was at 22 hours). In this reveiw I'll compare these two games but lets get one thing clear here EtG is nothing like Nuclear Throne except genre and art style, the only reason I'm comparing the two is because they are the closest to each other that I have played in the genre.Here are some things that they do differently than NT that I personally enjoy.1. The pacing, one of the things I love about this game is that it lets you play at your own pace compared to NT where it kinda forces you into your next encounter, whereas this game gives you a rest in between fights and especially before the levels boss fight.2. Merchants, this helps out alot, the fact that I can puchase something I might need that run or a rare item that happens to be there is very very helpful and gives you something to look foward to each attempt.3. The feeling of progress, there are a lot of secrets and unlocks for to discover and learn about, everytime I play I always leave satisfied like I've made some sort of small progress weather it was finding a new gun or discovering an easter egg. This one of the big reasons why I stopped playing NT was the lack of acheivement, it left nothing for me to comeback to often enough. Which brings me to my next point.4. Variety and amount of stuffs, when it comes down to variety this game does NOT dissapoint, the only thing this game lacks variety of is it's characters but it makes up for it in every other way from weapons, abilities, NPCs, to bosses.Overall I'd rate this game 9.5/10there are only a few minor flaws, but this game does everything it wants to do extreamly well, I would stongly recommend anybody to pick up a copy."
,Not Recommended,311690,35343791,Posted: 30 September,all,Gibbeth,"It's got an innovative new concept. The entire screen moves in the direction you move your mouse, which essentially results in mouse acceleration you can't disable. Hooray."
,Recommended,311690,35425191,Posted: 2 October,all,Daddy,10/10 would bullet outta 10
,Recommended,311690,35502684,Posted: 5 October,all,Neseriosu,It is a very nice game first time i wanted to refound him cuz of his pixel grapihcs but after i played five minutes i realized that the gameplay is sooo fkin nice sorry about my english but buy this game cuz is soo nice...cya
,Recommended,311690,22954147,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,✪ Nekromas,The Binding of Bullets.
