user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198061210153,Not Recommended,311680,12504653,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,kma1996,"I was able to play through the entire game in about an hour, the only choices are ones that lead to either an increase in a particular character's opinion of you or a decrease.  There is only one event that happens in the whole game.  You can spend your time working gardening, but there's no point, since there is literally nothing to buy except for more seeds.  I bought it on sale, and I am still hugely dissapointed"
,Not Recommended,311680,14442025,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Whitemage87,"Much like Summer in Fairbrook, I bought this game on sale, and yet still find it difficult to recommend to anyone, other than those firmly commited to the genre.And much like it's predecessor, Winter in Fairbrook leaves much to be desired.To say the game is bad would be like saying a small piece of chocolate cake is bad (assuming that you enjoy chocolate cake). It's still cake, it's still good, but it is grossly unsatisfying.The writing leaves much to be desired. Very much like Steve in the previous game, Natalie is a vapid, ignorant, immature, petulant, and lazy girl, who is instructed by her parents to find a job over the holidays, in the hopes of teaching her some discipline (They had already cancelled her cellphone due to bad grades, and are now threatening to take her new car away). Luckily, her room-mate just happens to be Clara from the previous game, and she sets Natalie up with Susana to work in the flower shop.Natalie must leave first thing in the morning to arrive in Fairbrook to start work the next day, but instead of packing and sleeping, she spends all night playing online games. That is our first introduction to this character, and I must say, it did not leave me wanting to spend the entire winter break with her.When she arrives in Fairbrook she thinks it's a small, dull town, and rightly so. She sleeps the day away, and then proceeds very rudely reject the dinner that was cooked for her (and continues to do so for a few weeks) and sleep in until 11 am the next day, even after being woken up by Susana at 8 am... after doing the only task asked of her, she then wanders off to check out the general store, thinking to herself that she ""wasn't told [she] needed to come right back.... once again, I am left wondering why I should care about this spoiled wretch.She improves as time goes on, of course, but I still never really cared for her at all. The choices that you get to make in the game are fairly limited. Just like it's predecessor, you start your day working in your garden. You then get to do one activity for the whole day, be it going to the store, the library, or just staying in.. there were around 5 options if I recall correctly. Every so often you would get a cut scene with one of the bachelors, and you would get to make a single choice in the entire discussion, and the rest of it was merely her awkward verbal diarrhea.As for the bachelors... well.... what can I say...Steve is still Steve, if you've played the previous game then you already know everything there is to know about him. He's slightly less lazy than before, but otherwise he's pretty much just a male version of Natalie (or she a female version of him).Jacob is sweet, charming, helpful, and shy.. oh, and he's SEVENTEEN!!! Yes, you read that right.. one of this College girl's potential mates is still in Highschool...... yeah. Add to that the fact that she thinks he looks like a twelve year old, and you've got a real winner.Trent is still trent. He's sweet, charming, attractive, and playful. Oh, and in love with someone else... just like, well, pretty much all the guys really.And Ryan, well, there's nothing that I can say about him that wouldn't sound completely biased, but I'll try. To say he's adorkable would not be giving him enough credit, though he does resemble that at times. He's intellegent, well-spoken, hard-working, reliable, cultured, and a bit of a virtuoso.... I mean, is there anything he isn't? He's also the only guy who isn't already mostly spoken for, so that's another plus for him... the only problem is, in reality, there is no way he would go for someone like Natalie... and quite frankly, most of the time it seemed like he hated her, or at the very least found her highly irritating.The good:- Art work is relatively cute- Writing is decent- Gardening mini-game is amusing- The bachelors are charmingThe bad:- The music is repetitive, and though not inharently bad, certainly grates on you after a time.- The writing is lacking in quite a few places- The gardening mini-game is much more out of place in this incarnation than in the previous title.TL;DRThis game is not really worth your time or money, even on sale. It's decent, and if you really like the genre then I won't think any less of you for buying it.Just keep in mind that even though it says I've got 12 hours played, about 80% of that was spent leaving the game open for Trading Cards. I think it took me roughly 2 hours to get 3 of the endings."
,Recommended,311680,12734827,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,"Ari ""Lil' Red"" Ashes","My feelings on this game are kind of mixed. I feel like it could have been so much better but I still love what it has.I've played many visual novels and dating sims mainly otomes of varing qualities and backgrounds, and I always enjoyed them for something.I'm gonna go right off in saying that the biggest isses with this game is it's length and difficulty.It felt way too easy.-The gardening simulation was okay but besides for getting the special endings it didn't give me any insentive to keep going once I got my goal. It's supposed to one of the big parts of the game but ends up being optional. I think this could easily be improved by adding more things to buy or atleast need money for,  a higher goal for special ends and some sort of noticable punishment for not working.-Getting the guys is another thing that felt too easy. Instead of getting hints or what not for the guys, you litterally get straight up told what stats you need to make them fall for you. It's not even sutble, they say exact stats names.another thing is there really should have been atleast one more ending per guy, and by that I mean a bad ending, so their endings wouldn't be that easy to do, mainly the special ending, which is another big problem. the ""best"" ending really should be harder to get, and for some characters be better than the normal endings.It needed more to it.-For the guys, you either get to know them way faster than you should, or by the end you only seem to have gotten the very surface layer of them. It gives the impresstion that it was a bit rushed. Like characters who were well written out had to get their story squeezed in a much smaller amount of time, and others who weren't fully developed having to have their stories artifically stretched. While saying this I did enjoyed all the characters, but the attachment to them wasn't really there due to the rushed or shollow feeling.-The story was good, the characters were wonderful but it was far too short. When I finished all the endings all I wanted to do was keep playing, I still do, I want there to be more for me to do. each guy took maybe an hour or two to finish completely, maybe 3 if it takes you a bit to figure out what to say. This is rather short for a game of this genre.Now to improve these things the simple solution would be to extend the story. Add more weeks or instead of planing each week, you plan each day. or simplely adding more endings, like friendship endings for the girls and guys, bad endings. Things like this can really add an hour or so of gameplay.- Now that we're past these issues, now to my more positive thoughts.To start with the art is really top notch, would have been nice to have a few more CGs but moore wasn't nessasary.The Interface is simple but it was more than enough for a dating sim.The main character starts off not to likeable but by the end you'll deffiantly like her. She goes through a reasonable yet still drastic change, going from childish and bratty to more thoughtful of others and mature. The differant guys make these changes more sutdle or more drastic.The other characters do go through some changes themselves that you help with, again not too great to be unrealistic but even something as simple as helping to see things a bit differantly. they do seem to evolve some in the course of the game.The story is not really complex, you're a spoiled college girl going to a small town to work for winterbreak cause your parents are making you. It felt natural, and flowed well enough. again i wish it was longer, it would have really profited from even a slightly extended story.Besides for technical issues, I must say that this is one of my favorite otomes, specially here on steam. If it wasn't for my dislike of playing male characters, I would most certainly try Spring in Fairbrook, aswell. If you're new to dating sims or your still not sure about this game, get it when it's on sale and give it a go.As for the others who are still intrested, I can't really say if it's worth paying full price. If you like other Winter Wolves titles and/ or you'r fine with splurging a bit, then go for it."
,Recommended,311680,17518162,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,•SADBOY•,A charming read. Plenty of screenshots to be snapped. The art style is so cute along with the boys to choose from. I fell for Ryan my first play through. (that wasnt alone ending) Catch it while it goes on sale. Its a good buy.
,Recommended,311680,12502823,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,INACTIVE,"Good Sim game.. i swear though, i wanted to punch my character after a while, SHE'S SO RUDE! >_<"
76561198069159152,Recommended,311680,31286333,Posted: 21 April,all,wrb41977,"This visual novel is a sequel of sorts to Summer in Fairbrook. Like that game, you end up in Fairbrook to... learn responsibility. This time, though, you are pursuing the boys. Trent, Jacob, and Steve return from the previous game (which I guess assumes Steve didn't win any of the girl's hearts), and a new guy, Ryan shows up (more or less to be the voice of reason in the game). Some of the features of the prior game have also been streamlined.There are nine endings. One for ending up alone, and two for each hero. A normal ending and a special ending. The only difference between the two is that one you have $400 in your wallet at the end of the game for the specials.It is a nice game for those who like the type (Winter Wolves doesn't disappoint)."
,Not Recommended,311680,29402174,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Flower Shop: Winter in Fairbrook has you spending more time planting flowers and planning your schedule than interacting with the other characters, which are all rather bland and shallow. If you want a farming game or a VN there are better options. If you want both at once...there are still better options."
76561198063764012,Recommended,311680,13245517,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,MyCatIsBetterFightMe,"For a game rated PG, it's great.The game is very quick and simple. All the characters are decent and if you know what you're doing, you can finish a character route within an hour or so. It's a good visual novel with lovely music and no noticable grammatical errors in the text.My only complaint will be that the drama was kept tamed and that nothing really surprised me. So I would recommend this game to anyone whio is new to the otome general or anyone who wants a very casual otome game."
,Recommended,311680,15055338,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,florabelas,"When I started this game, I thought it would be terrible. I was disappointed with another game of Winter Wolves, Nicole, and think it was on the same line, so I just opened to get my achievements. Then, for my surprise I got involved with the game.It is not a deep game, but it's pretty cool to spend time. I found myself involved in the route of Ryan, and I was happy to see Natalie's maturity. At first I hated her, thinking she would be the same as Nicole, but she was growing up during the game, and I liked the result.Another thing I think that was really cool: the protagonist of the previous game appear as  a romance option (I had hated him the other game, but in this, his route was one of my favorites). The music is very soft and cool, the system of planting too, and in this game, different from the first, you really have a reason in order to plant and save money, if you do this you get a better ending.Another really cool thing is the game of the graph. The characters are very well made and the backgrounds are nice.It is an easy game, simple, small and cool. I have nothing to complain about it (Just the fact of being small and without much depth, but I still really enjoyed it, for me it was not something that affected much)."
,Not Recommended,311680,14654317,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Savvycoon,"VERY short game, (it literally took me a little over an hour to complete) not a fan of the story-lines either. Honestly, this game wasn't even worth what I paid for it, and I certainly wouldn't reccommend buying it.- The characters weren't bad, and I did actually enjoy learning about them, however little the game actually promotes their individual personalities.- The visual representations of the characters were poorly drawn however. Especially when compared to the backgrounds, as the game runs like a story. While the backgrounds were also somewhat poorly drawn, it seemed as though there was a lot more attention paid to detail when compared to the characters.- Also, sadly, the conversation flow just wasn't there. Everything seemed terribly forced, and hardly romantic. Not to mention that the main character that you play is a whiny putz (and frankly I wouldn't use any of the lines they put forth for her).As I didn't play the first game, and this is a sequel of sorts - I have nothing to compare it to other than other dating sims/games in general, so forgive the mostly Con related viewpoint of the review in that aspect.As weird as it is, I'm a big fan of dating sims and would love to try as many as possible. This game just didn't cut it for me. Luckily, I bought it when it was on sale, so if you're still wanting to try it after all that - then at least buy it on sale."
,Recommended,311680,22139594,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Errapel,"Change or be unworthy of love.Perhaps a bit harsh, but that appears to be the message of this game. You are Natalie, a lazy college student who gets a job in a flowershop because her parents want her to get a job somewhere.You arive, meet the eccentric locals, including four potential love interests. Each has two stats he likes, you must work hard to level up those stats in order to unlock their romance ending.Several of these guys will make a point of informing you (DURING your romance scene at the end) about how pleased they are you're nolonger some lazy spoilt brat, but a decent person they don't mind loving.While Steve in the previous game did have a character arc of personal growth, none of his love interests were cruel enough to point out they wouldn't have looked twice at him without it.Like Summer in Fairbrook, this is basically farmvill meets dating sim. You grow flowers, you sell flowers, you get to know and try to date guys.It sadly renders 'Summer's ending moot, as when you meet Steve here he's single (so he evidently failed to romance anyone last time) but the advantage is you could date him now if you like.The 'crisis' point midway through lacked much of the personal urgency of the one in the previous game, or perhaps that's becaues I'm not all that invested in Susanna's safety.In summary, I did enjoy this game, but it is very flawed."
,Recommended,311680,17438700,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Purplella,12/10 will end up alone again for trying to pick what I would say in different situations.
,Not Recommended,311680,19446650,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,deefaced,"Well, the writing was so bad and so boring, it was hard for me to get to the gameplay.  And the main character is very unlikable and there are very few decisions on how she will act or respond.  Not worth the time it takes to speed read and I wouldn't play it for free."
76561198165738397,Recommended,311680,13220047,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Muffinsforall,"Adorable! This game is engaging and all of the characters are interesting. I don't want to ruin any surprises - but trust me, if you enjoy a dating simulator set up VN style you do not want to miss this game."
76561198074691072,Recommended,311680,15543995,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Larreate,"A nice, simple, funny and cute hearthwarming game, i definitely enjoy it. If we speaking about cons, than i can tell that gameplay can be a little repeative and characters more or less stereotypic sometimes, some routes are more complex and interesting than others (though i guess it depends from your point of view). But game also has cute scenes, especially final ones (snow fight and last romance scenes are wonderful, you should see it yourself), nice art, funny moments and light hearthwarming atmosphere, that reminds about school\college days. Don't expect someting serious - it's a nice and little naive teen romance that definitely has its own charm for those who love such things. Still cannot say that game worth full price, i bought it on sale and recommend it for sale price."
76561198116904033,Recommended,311680,12534956,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kisla45,"Winter in Fairbrook is a fairly simple visual novel that you can do a quick play through and have a happy experience with when you just want to kill a few hours. The gist of the story is that you, a city girl, go to work at a flower shop during your winter break at your college. Your character is a rather blunt and quick to speak (and not think) kind of individual. She makes it no secret that shes not one for hard work. But she isn't so off putting that you cannot enjoy playing her. You end up working in a small town and having regular occurrences with four males that do various things in the town. If you plan your week right, you can grow your flowers and earn a decent profit while wooing the males and getting yourself a good ending.While the story itself is rather simple, the characters are refreshing and not obviously cliche with their individual story lines. I didn't find the choices to be obvious as to what would get me brownie points with the guys. And I actually had a hard time getting a satisfying ending! The first two times I played I ended up getting the ""Alone"" ending. After doing a little research and experimentation, I found that you need to converse with the guys a lot during your week and that, while you may get their relationship bar all the way up, you wont get an ending with them unless you also have the two stats required with the male of choice at the least requirement. For example, the first male I went for was Steve and he required a stat level of 80 in intelligence, which you raise by visiting with Ryan. Hanging with one guy in order to woo another, a bit of an interesting change! His secondary stat I'm not sure of, but after looking a site, I figured it would be diligence, which only has to be raised to 60. So if you have trouble like I did, go to this link(http://sakevisual.friendhood.net/t37-winter-in-fairbrook)to get  a little more of an understanding of the correlation with the stats and your guy of choice.All in all, I'd give this game a 8/10. It was  enjoyable and I was happy spending the $7.49. But I probably wouldn't have payed $15 dollars for it since it wasn't the best visual novel I've ever played and I tend to be a little stingy with spending money on games. But the story was a good and cheerful, the art was very appealing, and the choices you were given weren't obnoxiously obvious. So I recommend it! Hopefully this will help anyone who was having a hard time deciding whether or not to buy this game like I was."
,Recommended,311680,17446637,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,BobaHMT,The graphics are great and the characthers were not boring. I liked the gardening system to earn money. This one is different as in that you have to get stats from two of the guys to get with one of them. I don't understand why the special ending has to do with money but whatever floats the maker's boats. It was enjoyable.
,Recommended,311680,13333713,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,coldstone101,great sim date game to bad I got the alone end :'(
76561198010243729,Not Recommended,311680,12835574,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,taslhoff,"I have a rather long review of the first game Flower Shop: Summer in Fairbrook, and I'll cut this one short by saying that this game is pretty much like that one, except you can expect to get about half as much money from selling Flowers in the Flowershop which would be like your personal garden from the first game. Another difference, if you couldn't tell, is that you play the role of a female character this time around, the roommate of one of the girls from the last game."
,Recommended,311680,18387673,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,AHNIELY,"The game, while short and mostly straight-forward, was fairly enjoyable. It wasn't anything too outstanding, but for a simple romance visual novel with such a basic plot and route options it was fun.What I want to praise the most about the game is that I think the writers did a good job of making Natalie grow into a better and more likeable person. In the beginning it was very easy to dislike her, which I feel was the intent, but at the end of the game she was a much more responsible, kind, and selfless person.The art is nice if not the most professional looking. The sprites were very expressive and the cutscenes, for the most part, were a pleasant treat. The snowball fight cutscene was probably the most enjoyable to me.Some gripes:I wish the mini-game of working at the flowershop itself was more important in the scheme of things. Overall it just felt like a pointless thing to do every day, so it would've been a lot better for it to have more impact on the story than just helping you get special endings.I feel like the game could have been condensed from having so many weeks to avoid the numerous repeated scenarious when encountering characters, or have more unique dialogue included. In extension to this, I feel like more editing was necessary because there were a few typos and grammatical errors.There were a few errors in plot, mostly with events having to do with Trent, such as when Trent has already talked about having a job and then days later he mentioned it and Natalie was surprised: ""You work?"" Similarly, I was confused as to where Natalie's reaction of Trent comparing her to his sister all the time came from. Sure, he talks about Susana to Natalie, but doesn't really ""equate"" them to each other, so her outburst about it and being treated like a kid felt like it came out of nowhere. Then it was very strange that after Trent confessed, Natalie ran off, and if you go to the library the next day nothing's changed, it's the same event of them greeting each other and talking all afternoon like nothing happened."
,Recommended,311680,18899148,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Impracticalmagic,"This is an OK game in the genre.  As a choice between yes and no, this is a yes, but only if you like the VN, dating sim, do some farming kind of games.  The art is decent but not exciting, the writing is fine but the story lacks depth.  It does have several different endings and the extended ""best case"" endings are nicely done.I definitely wouldn't buy it at full price.  With a decent sale it's worth the money and your time if you enjoy the genre."
76561198262294838,Recommended,311680,19324198,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,MsKirisawa,"Errr....get it if it's on sale. I got it for under 10 bucks, and I honestly would have been disappointed if I had paid full price.  The good: The characters are interesting and the art is visually appealing. I absolutely love the music! What's not so good, at least, for me, is how uneventful this game is. The gardening part is seriously lacking and uninteresting, but that's only me. I'm sure others like it.I finished the game for one route, and it took me around 2 hours. But I really don't feel like playing again. When I think about all the gardening I will have to do, I don't feel like it.That's too bad.EDIT: I played a little more to get more endings. It's ok. I'm updating my review to ""recommended"" to be fair. This game is not bad, but I can't say it justifies spending 35$ on it. I played 5 hours and unlocked 70% of the game so far."
,Recommended,311680,14484550,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Sarah Bellum,This game is so cute!!! 100% worth the 4 bucks! :D
76561198149411567,Recommended,311680,16002730,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Natalie_TMG,"I Like It For The Same Reasons As The Last One , Though They Are Even Sweeter Than The Last , Especially Steve And Jacob"
76561198026453024,Not Recommended,311680,14346220,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Skyangel,"First of all I would not recommend buying this game at full price, its not worth that much, even though it is cute. It doesn't take all that much time to go through the game and get all the endings. The art work is good, not great. The story is fun and there is quite the change in the main character from begining to the ending, which is only a few months long in the game. The baground charaters will tell the main character about whichever boy you want to be with, so its pretty easy to know which stats to raise in order to be with the guy. Like all games of this nature, I recomend saving, alot!  The only reasons I am not recommending  this game is the price and it was very quick for me. I don't feel like I got alot for what I paid, and I only paid 4 bucks, so I think if your interested in the game, wait till its 2 bucks or less on steam."
76561198177679242,Recommended,311680,28010002,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Riku,I've payed this game now for a while. It does giv eya hint if you get the alone ending.  The story is amazing and the artwork is good. If you enjoy reading and different endings this will good for you. And its amazing how you keep Natalie the same as teasing people and rude or she could change. Thats all up to you. Plus the music is good. Game is frustraing but you get the hang of it.
,Recommended,311680,23394004,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DaebaknaeVIXX87,"I only did the romantic routes, but it was a damn good time. :) Once I totally forget what the whole game was about, I'll do it all over again :)"
