user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,311730,19359612,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,iwem.xo,"I love this game, but I'm not going to recommend it without severe reservations. The base is an excellent fighter, but the port is worse than the console versions in so many ways. Many of those ways concern the online multiplayer part of the game though, so if you've got a bunch of friends in your area to play this with they might not be so much of an issue.I'm going to split this in two sections; the base game and the platform comparison. Scroll down if you want to read in what ways it's worse (and better) than the PS4 version.THE GAMEPositive:Very newbie friendly, with a very good in-depth tutorial mode, a move string practice mode, and combo training. Even if you don't want to train, pressing some buttons will generally make cool moves happen.Loads of charactersto pick from, with very little ""clones"" of other characters.Everything has a counter. The triangle system (basically rock-paper-scissors replaced with striking-countering-throwing) makes it so thateven low tier characters stand a chance.Lovely stages with lots of interactivity(except for the basic boxing rings). I miss some of the older DOA stages but oh well.Lots to learn- you'll have to spend quite some time with even a single character to get the most out of them. Most characters have at least one stance change or move during which a whole different moveset becomes available. There's oodles of intricacies to master.Decent selection of singleplayer modes- there's one- and two-character versions ofsurvival(beat a bunch of characters without losing your character(s)),time attack(beat a bunch of characters really fast), andarcade(win a bunch of fights). There's alsoteam attack, where you pit a team of up to 7 characters against another team.Negative:A metric ton of costume DLC, a good deal of which seem to be there just to showcase the female characters' breasts in various ways. Much too expensive, too. Good thing it's optional.THE PORTThe following is all in comparison the the Playstation 4 version. I haven't played the Xbox One version, but I assume all of these points carry over.Positive:Higher display resolutions possible, with anti-aliasing.Higher shadow resolutions. These look really nice and sharp.No input lag. Can't say I've noticed this, but someone who's very good at the game (Master) said so, and it's at leastsomethingin favor of the PC version.Negative:Instability. Every time you exit the game, it crashes. For certain periods of time (weeks) the game will randomly and regularly crash when you're searching for an online match (and then it will be just fine for another period of time - right now it's fine). Sometimes the game hangs on a LOADING... screen when you're done with an online match.Less stages. The PS4 version has 3 extra stages compared to the Steam version.No online lobbies. This is a huge loss - online lobbies allow you to invite friends to your game, make impromptu tournaments, spectate other players fighting, and mess around together. What we have now is ranked-only matches. Playing with friends is a matter of luck. You can only search based on rank and location (same/nearby/any).Ranked only online play. This means that every game matters to your rank, and you can't really mess about too much without dropping down a rank. Again, this also means that youcan't invite your friends to an online match.No connection quality filter. If you find an opponent online, it's a crapshoot what the match will be like with regards to connection quality. There's no way to tell in advance, there's no way to filter out bad connections, and there's no way to quit a match with a bad connection without losing rank points. On PS4, you can select a minimum connection quality (expressed in numbers from 1 to 5).People playing this online on under-spec computers will drag your framerate and game speed down to half. These slow-mo matches are annoying to play, and also can't be quit without penalty or filtered out. On PS4, framerates don't vary. Thankfully though, there aren't that many of these players.Less costume features. The costumes from some DLC can be damaged by critical burst attacks on PS4. Not so on PC. The most recent costume DLC (Schoolgirl Strikers) has a feature where a taunt allows you to switch between two costumes. On PC, you just get one of those costumes, and can't switch, even though the pack costs more than it does on PS4 (35 euros vs 30).Costume DLC pricing. On PS4, you can buy single costumes. On Steam, you have to buy them per pack, with lots of costumes you'll hardly if ever use. The packs are more expensive on Steam. PS4 has the option to buy a season pass (there's two season passes right now), which will get you a lot of costume packs at a discount. No such thing on Steam.DLC Costumes are only visible online to people who have bought the same packs. On PS4, you can download free ""catalogs"" that allow you to view the DLC costumes other players are using. On PC, only people who own the pack a costume is from can see it online. Other players will just see the default costume.Sloppy controller support- users of the Xbox One controller have been reporting that their button layouts are messed up for ages, and a fix hasn't been rolled out yet.No subsurface scattering. A relatively subtle graphical effect that improves the look of character's skin is missing on PC.Cheatershave been reported by several people, and they go unpunished.Terrible developer communication. Will we ever get online multplayer lobbies? Who knows! Team Ninja and Koei Tecmo certainly won't tell you. The thinking here is probably that if they don't say anything there won't be such a poop-hitting-the-fan moment as there would if they did acknowledge they're never going to implement it for PC.Again, I love the game, and I'd love new players to spar with, but I don't feel like such a bad port should be rewarded with your money. If youaregoing to get it, do so while it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,311730,18038992,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,GigoloSoldier,"Dev hates the PC community, simple as that.-Dev says online play will be available 3 months after launch.-Dev informs the PC players it will be getting a beefed up PS3 version of the game rather than a current gen version.-Launch gets delayed 3-4 months and still releases with no online play.-Dev punishes the PC players for adult mods by still not having online play 6 months after the delayed launch date.I love DOA, I have been playing since the Sega Saturn version but I will not be buying any current gen systems so this is all I have. The game is fairly solid (7/10), it does NOT deserve a negative review but I cannot recommend this game because I do not believe the dev will try to fix their mistakes and try to salvage this game on the PC.This situation reminds me of a bad indie developer. They threw something into the market and now they are sitting back collecting profit with no intent of finishing/fixing their game. Please prove me wrong Tecmo!"
,Not Recommended,311730,17722579,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,G4H | Genoisawesome,"While the game is fun, Team NINJA is completely ignoring this port, leaving it half-completed.  Therefore I can't truly reccomend it.  Plus there's too much DLC."
76561198006605505,Not Recommended,311730,23244592,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,DanteYoda,"The game is ok nothing to write home about but the DLC is cancer..These scummy companies deserve nothing.$706.79 USD for DLC, that is robbery."
,Not Recommended,311730,15127777,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Retard,"CAVEAT EMPTOR. BUYER BEWARE.Note: Despite how low my playtime may be at the time of this review, I have purchased DoA: Ultimate on the PS3 last year and played it to death, it pains me to see the devs not even drop the ball with this PC port, they just flat out never made an attempt to catch.This game has recieved ""plenty"" of needed extra attention to ensure that the PC community recieves the ""Best Experience Possible"" for them. Meaning they dicked around and probably didn't do a damn thing for the months in between the next gen release and now, since it sure doesn't seem like any of the time was spent doing much of anything at all other than keeping features OUT of the port rather than in.If you have been out of the loop until you have reached the Store Page of this game and know nothing of what has happened in recent months, the developers for the PC port of this game have essentially created a ""Frankenport"" of the Arcade and PS3 versions of the game rather than give us the next gen version itself that PS4 players get to experience for reasons I cannot understand.http://www.pcgamer.com/dead-or-alive-5-last-round-is-missing-features-on-pc/While the most important feature, being the new characters have been added to the game with no problem, it lacks everything else that is included in all other versions of the Last Round version of DoA5, that being two stages for the versus modes, identical visual quality to the PS3 version of the game barring shadows, a lack of the ""Soft Engine"" which in the PS4 version of the game includes various graphical effects for added detail, and a lack of an online more because for whatever reason keeping these features out of the PC port took more work than finishing that.http://www.destructoid.com/dead-or-alive-5-last-round-director-asks-modders-to-be-moral--287522.phtmlhttp://www.lazygamer.net/general-news/team-ninja-threatens-perverted-dead-or-alive-5-modders/""“We have to deal with mod issues from an IP holder perspective. We would like to ask PC users to play our game in good moral and manner. Otherwise, we won’t be able to release a title for PC again.”""In recent weeks Koei Tecmo have been giving the PC community some negative words in regards to modding, asking us to ""keep it moral"" (whatever that means) or we may be at risk of no longer getting ports of their games at all, as well as saying that if we wan't to see community made content for their game it would be a BETTER plan to share our ideas with them. Now if you need me to break it down a bit for you, their basically afraid of the PC community being able to make our own costumes and cosmetics for the game when they want so deparately to sell us DLC to the point of asking us to tell them to take our ideas so they can sell it back to us. That's all what this ""morality"" schlock was as well because with a game like this who the ♥♥♥♥ are you fooling? Not this guy.Now onto performance, I have a pretty beefy gaming PC now:Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4790 CPU @ 3.60GHz (8 CPUs), ~3.6GHzMemory: 8192MB RAM2x AMD Radeon R9 270(Crossfire)So my comments on performance may be a bit skewed for the rest of the PC community of varying component quality, I haven't experienced any problems in a single arcade mode run other than some slightly noticable slowdowns during win poses. Given the unhelpful minimum specs on the store page for this game I'd hope anyone interested can find a way to see if the game runs well for them since I have no way of testing performance on other systems.Gameplay: I'm using a standard Fighting Stick at the moment, controller and stick controls are rebindable but unfortunately the keyboard controls are both horrible and apparently can't be rebound.On my stick the game plays perfectly fine, nothing wrong here at all despite all the other problems.EDIT: Turns out I cannot use my Xbox controller even if I wanted to, the triggers don't work in this game and its functions are mapped to the right stick for some reason. ALSO some camera controlls are impossible to use since the game uses the Arcade version of the game as a base, so right analog stick camera controls are unavailable.TO CONCLUDE: The devs don't really give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the PC community other than having a new outlet to funnel more DLC costumes through, to the point of threatening those who would try and modify the game with never getting another DoA release, but with the quality of the port right now I don't think they should try again until they actually put some effort into it that doesn't DETRACT from the game.You have been warned and buy this game at your own risk, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥s ain't worth it bruh."
,Not Recommended,311730,28109075,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Warxa,"~1000$ of DLCAnd it's a bad port with missing content from the consoles versions such as the soft engine, stages, cloud saving, missing costume features, opponents in multiplayer can't see your costumes unless they also own the DLC and you can't play with your friends since there is no multiplayer lobby or invite system."
76561198007168929,Not Recommended,311730,25584299,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,crab.pillow,Not really sure what's Tecmo Koei trying to do with the PC version of this game. Majority of the DLC's are prices are more expensive than the base game price. It's almost like they are trying to use a free to play model on a paid game with poor executive choices to make more money from the PC audiences. Don't bother spend money or time to play this game that was half-heartedly ported from the consoles.
,Not Recommended,311730,29789274,Posted: 8 February,all,congroo,£889 for costumes? and whole game chopped into pieces... ♥♥♥♥ this business model!
,Not Recommended,311730,23618657,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Surfing,DLC for $706?????????????????????????????
76561198146466559,Not Recommended,311730,25334743,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Nightbloom.KIWAMI,"No Soft Engine, no new stages (PS4 version has two new stages), no customized keyboard mapping, no further issues fixed, PS3 port, PS4 version price and bunch of DLCs.It looks like KT only want to happy console gamers, they treat steamers like♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,311730,33022696,Posted: 29 June,all,Kaninte,"Don't get me wrong this is a very good game, and is definitely worth at least the money for the ""Full Game"" to unlock all the characters. However the way the devs have treated/threatened the PC/Steam community along with the abusive DLC prices are what have lead me to give this game a negative review.First off, the game's visual effects are equivalent to the PS3 version and not the PS4.After a long wait for online to be released, you pretty much can't play online against friends anyway. Playing online there is no official way to play with friends; you have to both join online, set your region as small as you can, and hope to god you get each other.When this game was released the PC/Modding community were threatened against making nude mods, saying if they came out then they would never release another game for PC. Which I get them not wanting, but you can't just threaten a whole community over it. It also backfired anyway and nude mods were released less than 24 hours after the game's launch. Koei Tecmo also used copyright claims to take down YouTube videos that contained any mods of the game (nude or not).The DLC all up is $1,269.30 USD and is made up of characters and skins. The characters (what you buy in the Full Game) game alone is only $131.67 USD of that price; so at $39.99 USD that's not too bad; and there's another 2 characters you can buy for $5.99 USD and $7.99 USD. That leaves the remaining $1123.65 USD which is all skins; skins ranging from $7.99 USD - $74.99 most of them being around the $30 - $40 mark which is honestly ♥♥♥♥ed.The game is still very solid and is a very rewarding fighting game with good ""jiggle physics"" ;) . But when the devs behave like children and there's a $1123.63 USD payway to unlock all remaining content from the base game (which turns out is all just skins) there's no way I would recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,311730,15153161,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,BadSass,">>Do not buy this game unless you really want to have the pc version. It misses key features that the consoles do have. You pay the same amount of money as you would for the console, but for missing features on the pc.<<The biggest gamebreaker is to wait for online to come in 3 months, but I think that was obvious for people looking to buy this. Just incase people looking to buy this game and reading this. Now you know.I think the DOA franchise is pretty fun and one of my favorite, but this time KT gave the pc community the shaft by not porting over several features and making it essentially a PS3™ port. A last generation port in some aspects, because they are too lazy?Missing features include: The Soft Engine (makes characters look better), which as Silconera explained last year, makes skin appear more natural, has been dropped, 2 stages and PS4™ equivalent particle effects are NOT included.Some aspect ratios are missing as well. It supports 4k which is neat, but it misses a number of key resolutions. For example, 1920x1200. The best resolution you can get with 16:10 is 1680x1050 which is not really that great if you wish to have a higher res for 16:10 for that kickass monitor you have.KT pretty much tells the modders community to not mod anything naughty. Before you port a game over the pc, obviously someone might do that. KT pretty much tells people how to mod this game, whats allowed and are limiting the modding communities freedom to do so or else they will refrain from porting another DOA to pc.Now back to the game. The graphics and missing features bring me to this question. Why would you port over the DOA 5: last round game to the pc if it's essentially going to be a PS3™ version with less features than what you can get if you buy it on the PS4™ console? The background doesn't look as great since the textures quality isn't that great either on this port.This only makes the consumers wanting to buy the console version instead of the pc one. Atleast i do, after i came to know about the missing features and graphical effects equivalent to the PS3™ version. It makes me really dissapointed that important features are missing. It doesn't have full controller support which is strange for a fighting game and keys are not rebindable, which makes no sense. If you use a fight stick it won't work properly unless you fiddle around with it somehow by rebinding start and select buttons.Another aspect that has caught my attention. Pc gamers are forced to buy a bundle of dlc instead of individual character outfits. Console gamers can buy one outfit per character. Dlc is expensive on steam as it stands now. It is even more expensive than the game itself, so wait for a sale.Another con: Found out that senran kagura outfits are not for sale on pc as dlc. For those who do not know. They have a special gimmick that the outfit gets torn when damaged enough. Might be updated or not, depending on KT.The only positive side of the pc port is that it's stable, has modding support, resolution options and etc (like shadows). But thats it in my opinion. The game will just not look as good as it would on a next gen console which brings me to the fact that i can't recommend it in it's current state.Only things that would get someone to buy this game  or make me recommend it is. If you are a huge pc fan, if you use a controller, if you can live with the PS3 graphics, bad texture quality in backgrounds and if you can wait for online in 3 months then yes it would be something for you."
76561198168644175,Not Recommended,311730,16807650,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,prinnyuber,"After 3 months of waiting for online to come, they gave us beta which crashed the game a lot! The fact that DOA5LR has a niche fanbase and its not as popular as Ultra Street Fighter 4, Skullgirls, and Mortal Kombat X, you will find very little to no people to be playing this game online. If you get a match, you are paired up with the meanest son of a guns the game has to offer. Otherwise, it will either lag or crash. Today, Tecmo Koei just announced and removed online play because its unplayable and we have to wait! AGAIN!With Street Fighter 5 around the corner, expect this fighter to collect dust! Yeah there are offline content in this game but how long can you play offline till it become stale? I m very dissapointed at this port. My patience for this waiting game is gone.Those who stay to play I wish you good luck and have fun."
76561198044675241,Not Recommended,311730,32225885,Posted: 6 June,all,Literally Cancer,"DOA5 is a DLC peddling factory, not an actual game."
76561197982599129,Not Recommended,311730,24945872,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Fiend Busa,"If you have a console, purchase it on that platform instead. Unforuntely while the game is great Team Ninja did a horrible job porting it to the PC. Lots of missing features from the console version and Team Ninja have pretty much abandoned this game in terms of support....well aside from DLC."
,Not Recommended,311730,25555259,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,EssenceOfDragons,"When the game is 40 euro, and all the dlcs together is over 800 euro's then you know the game is trash and a cash grab"
,Not Recommended,311730,32050179,Posted: 29 May,all,projekk,-Missing features from console versions-Unresponsive to controller and keyboard input-Overpriced DLCSadly this is another poor console port from Koei Tecmo
,Not Recommended,311730,28478812,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ImALittleBear,"Was happy when I had purchased this game for $19.99.  However the game has unpredictable framerates, sometimes the game will be silky smooth on a certain stage, but once you've played the game for awhile and go back to that particular area, the framerate drops. It's much better when you turn off shadows. Also, the MP, you try and play a game, and after the second round, the game crashes. Don't know what the problem is.This game is very fun in theory but needs a lot of work going forward to make it a more stable game. I don't want a refund, I just wish this game was programmed in a better manner."
,Not Recommended,311730,20026689,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Manguday,PC version of this game is obviously unfinished.
,Not Recommended,311730,16223556,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ADHDmania,"Game developer just don't give a damn about PC gamers!! This game is seriously bugged, and developers don't even try to make patch to fix anything..........Xbox one controller buttons layout is a mess, and game crashs constantlyI can't even finish campaign mode thanks to fatal game bugsworst game i ever buy in steam"
76561198135402879,Not Recommended,311730,15129789,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SoulMakka,"While Dead or Alive is awesome this game is not. Not because the game itself is lacking no.... The port is just terrible! We are given last gen graphics and technology, meanwhile the Xboxone and PS4 get given better tech to make the skin look softer and the PC port lacks two stages also. Waiting 3 months for online gameplay I personally can live with but many will feel it is taking the biscuit and that is IF it is even sorted by then as the timeframe given was just a rough estimate and nothing actually confirmed. Upscaling last gen graphics is just not good enough Team Ninja!Also it has glitches and can crash in story mode!"
,Not Recommended,311730,25850100,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Креозотецкий,"Attention newcomers!As you may have already found, the game is lacking online multiplayer functionality. So please, before you purchase the full game or any of so-called DLC (characters and skins), read the information below:- The full version of the game DOESN'T have any other multiplayer options. The multiplayer in Core Fighters and full game is equally cut to ranked matchmaking with extremely low online.- The Steam version of the game still DOESN'T have any online multiplayer except for ranking matches. This means you will never be able to create a public or private lobby for you and your friends. You won't be able to train online here also.- The Steam version of the game still DOESN'T have customizable keyboard controls, so if you want to play on keyboard, you may want to use external custom key rebinding programs like Autohotkey.- The DLC skins you have purchased can be visible only by you and owners of the same skin packs. This means that if you want to show off your character's crossover costume or nice swimming wear with a vanilla game owner, he will see you in the basic costume of 1st (or 2nd) color.- Even after such a promising update, this game is basically the PS3 version of the game without a proper multiplayer. Do not expect to see any PS4 graphical features here.- Singleplayer is working, VS mode on one computer is also working (I am not sure).- The full game price differs very much from the price of Core Fighters with all characters as DLC, it is one of many obvious evidences of Koei Tekmo caring not about quality of their PC software, but only about the money they can squeeze out of that offcut.So please, be aware of what you are going to purchase. Personally, I would ask you not to support this distributor with your money unless you really love the game itself and you are comfortable with playing solo or with friends on one PC.Dead or Alive 5 Last Round is an awesome fighting game with interesting fighting mechanics and beautiful characters, variety of content and of gameplay, but this abomination of PC port is literally the spit in the face of PC gamer."
,Not Recommended,311730,25114216,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,AkaTheSkay,"Made by Tecmo/Koei,  this originally came out on pc when they were doing some of their worst pc ports and it shows. Giving players a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at best product, when I knew the game was getting delayed and even then would still not be getting online play I cancelled my preorder immediately and buyed it later on a still overpriced sale.To put things into context, the game was released on ps3 and 360 1st and continued to add more features (mostly overpriced costume dlc, possibly the most in any game EVER in fact). As they added more characters and improved the engine with a new 'jiggle physic'  called the soft engine these all became features for the ps4 and xbone version of the game, where they continue to add more context to this day.Except all of it is overpriced, and the pc players? They get a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port of the rapidly going out of date 360/ps3 version. But it gets better! Because the pc gamers didn't even get that in its entirety!The controller support is awful, the roster is now missing characters from other newer versions of the game on consoles and they never truly finished adding the online mode. Giving us a fight random people ranked mode instead of an ability to make lobbies or even invite friends to spar.And tecmo Koei's responce to all this? All they do is add more overpriced costume dlc, do fake steam sales to entice people and ignore the complaints.TLDR, if you're here to rip/mod the character models or just fap that might be the only time this game is worth your money... On a 'sale'...  but even if you're just fapping you're still better off getting this on console because you actually have a finished product on there"
76561197985559044,Not Recommended,311730,19945804,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Lesus,It's the Steam Winter Sale and some DLC is still £27.99 at 50%!!!!! Altogether it's stll £329.86...Are. You. Having. A. Laugh.Games great though. DOA5 is my favourite of the whole franchise.
,Not Recommended,311730,23768997,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,POTATOEMPN,"Do not buy this game if you want online play.It is ONLY RANKED GAME PLAY.You cant make a lobby, you cant que up with a friend and try to play agains them....you have to hope you even see them at all.I am not sure why Team Ninja and Tecmo decided to do that, but they did.I was lucky to get a refund after like 10 minutes of playing it I found out./..."
,Not Recommended,311730,31259643,Posted: 20 April,all,arbingordon,"On the bright side, I learned not to support team ninja again, much less preorder one of their games"
76561197992807568,Not Recommended,311730,25852084,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,P.A.P.S.AFK,"If you want the complete Game, you have to pay 1100€.... Muahahah.Sorry  KOEI TECMO GAMES, thats a big big fail..."
76561198030240076,Not Recommended,311730,15150372,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Azure1Zero4,"Team ninja telling modders to be ""good and moral"" with their game. When they them selfs cant produce a ""good and moral"" pc port. When modders will be the ones to fix your game."
,Not Recommended,311730,22021194,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Heretic,Do you enjoy buying over priced DLC and not having online lobbies or even player matchesThen this is the game for you
,Not Recommended,311730,15128989,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,awooー☆,"A LITTLE WARNING BEFOREHAND---------------------------------------------------EDITI've been notified that the game will actually run decently on computers with older, less powerful CPUs. Sorry for the confusion, however do note that if your computer does not meet requirements, the game will slow down significantly to the point where you're playing in slow motion (1/3 action speed) before your FPS begins to take a hit.T̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶C̶P̶U̶ ̶i̶n̶t̶e̶n̶s̶i̶v̶e̶,̶ ̶b̶u̶t̶ ̶n̶o̶t̶ ̶G̶P̶U̶ ̶i̶n̶t̶e̶n̶s̶i̶v̶e̶ ̶a̶t̶ ̶a̶l̶l̶.̶I̶ ̶c̶u̶r̶r̶e̶n̶t̶l̶y̶ ̶h̶a̶v̶e̶ ̶a̶n̶ ̶I̶n̶t̶e̶l̶ ̶C̶o̶r̶e̶ ̶i̶7̶ ̶4̶7̶0̶0̶M̶Q̶ ̶@̶ ̶2̶.̶4̶G̶H̶z̶ ̶w̶i̶t̶h̶ ̶I̶n̶t̶e̶l̶ ̶H̶D̶4̶6̶0̶0̶ ̶I̶n̶t̶e̶g̶r̶a̶t̶e̶d̶ ̶G̶r̶a̶p̶h̶i̶c̶s̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶n̶o̶t̶i̶c̶e̶d̶ ̶t̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶(̶s̶p̶e̶c̶i̶f̶i̶c̶a̶l̶l̶y̶ ̶c̶h̶a̶r̶a̶c̶t̶e̶r̶ ̶a̶c̶t̶i̶o̶n̶)̶ ̶s̶l̶o̶w̶s̶ ̶d̶o̶w̶n̶ ̶s̶u̶b̶s̶t̶a̶n̶t̶i̶a̶l̶l̶y̶ ̶w̶h̶e̶n̶ ̶I̶ ̶t̶r̶y̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶s̶t̶r̶e̶a̶m̶.̶ ̶I̶ ̶b̶e̶l̶i̶e̶v̶e̶ ̶i̶t̶'̶s̶ ̶b̶e̶c̶a̶u̶s̶e̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶C̶P̶U̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶p̶r̶e̶t̶t̶y̶ ̶m̶u̶c̶h̶ ̶o̶v̶e̶r̶l̶o̶a̶d̶e̶d̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶p̶o̶i̶n̶t̶ ̶w̶h̶e̶r̶e̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶'̶t̶ ̶p̶r̶o̶c̶e̶s̶s̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶a̶c̶t̶i̶o̶n̶s̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶d̶u̶e̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶h̶a̶v̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶r̶e̶n̶d̶e̶r̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶v̶i̶d̶e̶o̶ ̶s̶i̶m̶u̶l̶t̶a̶n̶e̶o̶u̶s̶l̶y̶.̶ ̶I̶ ̶k̶n̶o̶w̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶i̶s̶n̶'̶t̶ ̶d̶u̶e̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶m̶y̶ ̶g̶r̶a̶p̶h̶i̶c̶s̶ ̶p̶r̶o̶c̶e̶s̶s̶o̶r̶ ̶b̶e̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶o̶v̶e̶r̶l̶o̶a̶d̶e̶d̶ ̶a̶s̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶F̶P̶S̶ ̶s̶t̶a̶y̶s̶ ̶c̶o̶n̶s̶t̶a̶n̶t̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶s̶m̶o̶o̶t̶h̶.̶THE REVIEW----------------------------------------------------Try your best to not buy the PC version.If you have a PS4 or Xbox One, buy DOA5LR for that instead.They've really skimped on the PC version of the game.... Unfortunately.Although the gameplay is still true to its nature, the corners they cut for the PC version is absolutely disgusting. Whats more is that there isn't very much compensation for the fact that we paid for the game but got an outdated PS3 version instead of the PS4/XB1 version new maps and new features. If Team Ninja patches or upgrades the game to the point where it is acceptable by both myself and the PC community, I will change my review and recommend the game to my friends but until then, I can't really say that I'm willing to accept what they've done nor will I be able to recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,311730,15128353,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Pudge,"EDIT: The processor isn't the problem. The only thing I've tried that has worked is disabling the Steam overlay, so if you're experiencing issues, try that!The game wasn't kidding about needing an i7. I have an i5 750 that has run every game I throw at it for years now, and even this game runs fine graphically. But once I get into a fight, the entire game slows to a crawl and each player movement takes seconds to complete. It's like I'm playing the game in slow motion. Considering that everything else in the game runs smoothly, I imagine this has to be an optimization problem rather than a technical hurdle they couldn't overcome.So it's my fault for pre-ordering, I'm willing to bite the bullet and wait to play it until I upgrade. But just know that if you have an i5, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,311730,15222693,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,CaffeinatedQ8,"A Fun Game Blighted by Publisher/Developer Negligence[Edit]I've noticed many people complained about the lack of me mentioning modding as an up-point for the game, this should not be the case, I believe reviews should be solely based on the product as delivered by the publisher. Mods, while fun and practical at times are not part of the official release and reviews sould not be based on the promise that the community will take it on their own to ""FIX"" or ""ADD"" to what the publisher originally released.The game might sell with mods, it might even grow with mods and if we allow our selvelves to rate games based on them, we're encouraging developers and publishers to take the easy way out every time; release a mediocre game and let the community deal with it. This won't do any of us any good especially when we're dealing with a developer that has issues with mods and will most likely find ways to render them useless with patches and updates..[/edit]Okay, I'm not usually one to write reviews all that often, however, DOA is nothing short of controversial to say the least and  the spikes of ups and downs did a number on me and I just had to write this...There's not much of a story going on, the story mode does a terrible job at introducing characters, one moment you're the US of A, the next you're in Antarctica then Brazil with no explanation on why and/or how you got there, English voice overs are dull and sound detached.Also, with all the costumes around you'd think they would dress the Characters in relation to the environment they're in, but no, you have to see Kasumi picking up a fight in Antarctica wearing her Blue Skimpy Ninja outfit, I couldn't stop thinking she'd freeze to death before the fight even began... And why was she in Antarctica in the first place?! (Still talking about ""Story"" mode here!).""Story"" mode aside, the game IS fun to play, the mechanics are fun and relatively balanced, the moves have a nice flow to them and everything just click like you'd expect.You'll have a plethora of unlockables to keep you entertained for months or even years if you're an OCD about it.Pros:Extremely Fun to playLots of unlockablesA fair collection of costumes with the original game.It's DOACons:$120 for the DLC's?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!The game lacks all its features; No Soft Engine, Two missing stages, previous generation's particle effects and no Online Support (yet)...Story mode is ridiculous... pathetic really.English Voiceovers are bad.Controller support is a gamble, some people got theirs working just fine, some did not work at all and other like in my case ""partially"" working with awful mapping and no triggers support (You'd expect team Ninja to pay more attention to controllers compatibility... given that this is a fighting game and all... but noooo.)Summary:DOA is fun to play, offers a lot to do, the mechanics are relatively good and if you're a long time fan of the game you'll definitely find a reason to enjoy it.Unfortunately the shortcomings outweigh the goods; awful story mode, missing fundamental features and overpriced DLC's (of which the publishers are admittedly trying to abuse people's fetishes in relation to the characters of the game with costume packs to charge this much).I'd not recommend DOA Last Round for the average player, not with all its shortcomings, but for the fans of the series, you'll probably just pick this up anyway because of what it is, a long awaited DOA game on PC.Rating:6 out of 10"
76561198053440231,Not Recommended,311730,15131190,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,MDX,"I played DoA5 on Xbox One:)Then I played it on PC:(It's not the core of the game that displeased me, that's fineIt was the ""work"" (I don't know anything more than what you can find online) that bummed meWhy are two levels missing?Missing engine?Go find it?Controller problems now and then :(No online - I know some people actually don't care for online but those that do, hmmI know they said they will patch it in 3 months but if other games can be a clue as to what might happen, well, good luck finding a match in a reasonable time but I'll have to save judgement since I can't see the future... yet.There's also the name change problem but maybe they'll patch that, can't be too big of a problem... right?(Not that big of a deal if you don't change your name of course)You can read more problems almost anywhere but I wanted to say mineThe goodGame runs fastIf you like DoA5, well it's mostly DoA5---Doesn't crash --------------------------------------------------Edit/Update-----------------------------------------------------------------------I remember some of my friends having problems with the Xbox One versionThe problem?Sometimes when they would pick a specific level or a character, the game would crash and it would normally be because of picking that/those exact character(s) or levelsI've only play for a few hours but I did spend about 30 minutes constantly trying to make the game crash by picking levels and charactersGood news --- it hasn'tComputer specsWindows 8.1GPU --- ASUS GTX690-4GD5CPU --- Intel Core i7-3770KHard Drive --- VelociRaptor WD3000HLFS 300GB 10000 RPMRAM --- G.SKILL Ripjaws X Series 8GB (2 x 4GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800)------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now, some people gave this game a good reviewOk, nothing wrong with that, if you like it who am I to tell you not to?However, the reasoning behind it can be weakAs I said, the core of the game is there.  It's DoA5 and I happen to like DoA5I like the fighting styles, the art, the sound and the features in the gameThey're great --- I wish I could go into more detail but, my apologizes, I do not have time at this moment, maybe another day.What's wrong with the game?Ask yourself this questionIs it a good port?NoThings are missing, it's a little buggy and some users suffer CPU problemsHow are those good things?Don't forget the game was delayed to ""give us the best possible experience""+1 for staying true to their word -.-If this is the best possible experience I can have with a DoA game on the computer then I'd stick to consoles for these games.Hopefully this changes but as of right nowSaveYourMoney"
76561198009390378,Not Recommended,311730,15316556,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Tinner H III,"As a longtime DOA player/fan, it was with joy that I saw that DOA5 would be available on PC.  Even after reading the warning about the game not having online play available at launch, I reserved a bit of optimisim that it would still be fun to play, regardless; after all, I had played many previous editions with no online support and enjoyed them nonetheless.Having now played the game a little bit, I cannot recommend it.The game itself looks great, and the move execution is the same as it always has been, which is to say, not the best out there, but certainly good for the game.  The inclusion of so many characters is a nice touch.  Those are the upsides.Now onto the litany of problems:The arcade mode is dismal.  The training mode offers nothing new over the previous iterations.  There are times when the game hiccups a bit - I'm running Dual GTX 970's 32gig of ram, i7 processor and an SSD - there is absolutely no reason this game should ever hiccup.  I pre-ordered this game for quite a bit more than it is now selling for, and I received in return almost nothing, and now, shortly after release, they make the game cheaper.  When I took a look today at the DLC packs available I could not believe my eyes - $65 for a set of 'costumes' for the characters?  Is this some kind of sick joke?  Tecmo wants more than the price of the game itself for add on content that used to be accessible simply by putting time into the game?  And to add insult to injury, there's more than one DLC pack?If you're thinking of buying this game, don't.  Wait for it to inevitably be moved to the discount so that at least you won't have to pay full price for the utter disappointment that awaits you."
,Not Recommended,311730,17343490,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ShinigamiXII,"By the time online comes out, no one is going to even play this game... plus overpriced DLC."
,Not Recommended,311730,32826992,Posted: 26 June,all,t0X3n,I like the game. I just can't get behind the garbage way the consumers gets treated with overpriced DLC and broken prmomises.
,Not Recommended,311730,15131191,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Three-Star,"Good game, pretty bad port. I'm not sure why many Japanese developers don't seem to understand how to provide proper support for various resolutions. Nothing between 1920x1080 and 3840x2160 is inexcusable in this day and age. How hard is it to put in 2560x1440 or 1600 support? I'm also not happy that this version doesn't have all the features that the next gen versions do.Pros:- Solid fighting mechanics- Supports keyboard and controller- 60 FPS at most partsCons:- No soft engine- No new levels that the next gen consoles get- Not as good particle effects as next gen- Still only 30 FPS for victory/defeat screen- Doesn't support enough resolutions- Can't rebind keyboard keysI would not recommend this game if you have a next gen console; those versions are better. If you don't have any other way to play this game, then the PC version will do. It works but it's not a very polished port."
,Not Recommended,311730,15140161,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,LegatoSkyheart,"From what I've played of this game so far. It is NOT worth the $35.99 they are offering.1. Missing 2 KEY FEATURED stages for Last Round.2. OVERPRICED DLC.3. No Online on the day of release despite the Delay. (They had PLENTY of time)4. Hardly any Steam Support. No Steam Cloud Saves, No Steam Achievements, NO STEAM CARDS5. Graphics Options? What Graphics Options?6.5. Blazblue Calamity Trigger on Steam is a better purchase.With that said, The game itself is okay. It's Dead or Alive 5. All the Characters are unlocked, You got a decent supply of outfits, The Arcade Mode Works, The Story Mode Works, Everything Works.  Game runs smoothly at 60fps in 1080p during gameplay, but Cutscenes and the Menu for some reason stick to 30.Overall Recommendation? I can't recommend this version of the game. It's HARDLY better than the Console versions and the PS4 version has The Soft Engine and Two New Stages.Save Your Money Kids, Get this game when it's super cheap if you REALLY want to play Dead or Alive 5 on PC, but for $35.99 or $40? Nope."
,Not Recommended,311730,15131471,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SUPER PEPSIMAN 64,"I am a huge fan of the DOA franchise. That being said, my fanboyism in me is disappointed. However, I'll try to be fair here. My experience thus far with this pc port has been fairly positive.Rig is as follows:i7-479016GB ramGTX 770 SLIWindows 7 64 bitI've suffered no framerate issues. Game runs just fine at a solid 60 fps with max settings.My controllers have worked fine. I've used my Eightarc Fusion fightstick and Xbox 360 gamepad, both used the same control scheme as the console versions.This is far from the worst port I've ever played. Everything has worked fine for me. (minus the online which who knows when that will get here). The gameplay is the solid fast paced fighting I know and love from the franchise. For those who have never played DOA before, it's a 3D fighter with a 3 button control scheme, much like Virtua Fighter. It's one of those easy to learn, hard to master sort of games with a pretty deep combat system. I have over 100 hours in ps3 version, and I can promise it's worth the effort you put in. The single player in this game isn't terrible, but you will begin to wish you were playing with somebody else. The story mode is basically a huge tutorial. It teaches you everything you'll need to know to get started. However, and I know this is subjective, I did not care for the story at all. So to keep yourself busy when you're not in training mode learning the 90+ moves every character has, you get the options of versus mode, arcade mode, survival mode, team fight, and time attack with tag team options. Survival mode is for those who really hate thier fingers. Arcade in my opinion is lacking, theres no character specific mini story to keep you going, just fight till you win and unlock those costumes. Time Attack is for speed freaks. Versus is one on one. And team fighting allows you to pick multiple characters to form a team, and then fight a team of the same size. And thats really all you get in this version, besides a replay function. Is that enough to keep yoiu satisfied? Well that's up to you. Oh, you also get breast motion options, which is pretty awesome.I will now let my fanboyism talk about what I'm disappointed with. I wanted this to be the superior version of DOA. I wanted it to look the best, run the best, and just be total eye candy that took advantage of more powerful rigs. Well, I learned my lesson there. Delayed for a month for no real reason as far as I can tell. Also what's with goofy thing of not being able to save games if you're username has something other than letters or numbers in it? REALLY??? I'm really upset about the missing stages, which are awesome. Lastly, either I read it wrong somewhere or imagined it, but I was sure this version came with all previous DLC. And no it does not.So to finish off, I hate to say it, but I cant recommend Last Round. At least not yet. When the online gets patched in, then yes, I say go for it. But for now, I would just play the waiting game and see what happens."
,Not Recommended,311730,15128333,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Regicider,"Note: DLC is roughly 25 cents higher per costume than the dlc from previous iterations. Not to mention, some were free on other consoles (Cheerleader outfit). Keep that in mind when determining whether to buy dlc for a lackluster port.The game runs well on my crappy laptop, but that's possibly the ONLY positive thing about this port.Firstly, the controller setup:While I can't speak for people using fightsticks or even those special snowflakes that play fighting games on a keyboard, I can say this: the control scheme for this game is TERRIBLE on controller. The only way to pause the game for me is to press the right stick. Imagine the nightmare that I went to finding that out. The game seems to think that my pause button is RT and select is LT. The face buttons that are normally used in, well, any game really are setup so goofily that I have reason to believe that the development team just setup a poster of an xbox controller, threw darts, and set up the controls based on where the darts stuck. I'm using a logitech pc controller, so the issue may be with me, but seeing as this is the only game in my library that has done this, I'm doubtful that the issue lies with me.Next, the content:This game is clearly incomplete. There is no online mode whatsoever which is said to be patched in within the first few months of the game. Honestly, though, this is ridiculous in the first place. It's a fighting game in 2015. There is little excuse to pay $40 for a game that has no online. It can be argued that having local versus makes up for it, but with the control issues stated above (assuming that fightstick users have the same issues) there's not much sense in even playing locally. Almost all of the costumes that were paid dlc on the console versions are completely locked in this game. There's no online store to buy them, so unless there's some way to unlock theme in-game, all you can do is look at what you can't have. The developers delayed this game once already, but they really should have just finished the game instead of releasing an unfinished product.Graphically, the game looks good, but keep in mind that this game is a PS3 port with PS4 shadows. There are a few graphics options and many stages run smotthly with few to no frame dips.The game also has many characters and plenty of single-player modes such as survival and arcade.I cannot recommend this game in the state that it's in. Until the problems are patched out, this game will be nothing more than a crappy console port."
76561198046184992,Not Recommended,311730,31785840,Posted: 16 May,all,BadFeungShui,"This is a difficult game for me to review.In general, I ♥♥♥♥ing love the Dead or Alive games.The fighting engine was classically fast and skillful without requiring knowledge of enjoyment-obliterating exploits or skin peelingly long sessions of practice to get to a basic level of gameplay.Though it will historically be known as the series that boldly upheld the grand tradition of cheesecake and beefcake heavy character designs, the actual fighting system of advantage and reversal is much deeper in scope than nearly all of its peers, and spreading out the lengthy character movesets across less buttons means its easier for an unpracticed player picking up the controls for the first time to feel like they're accomplishing something beyond just marveling at the various buff studly men and hot sassy ladies.I've always rated the story as one of the best for a fighting game, mostly because it just barely has one. It's a paper-thin tale of betrayal and revenge and simmering resentment mostly designed to facilitate tag-team fistfights with larger than life characters. This might sound odd, but it means that few characters ever completely vanish between games for ""story reasons,"" resulting in a bulky and varied roster.Dead or Alive 5 expanded on the existing roots with a more proper story mode, enhanced visual design, better facial and body modeling, some changes to the fighting system (though most were only of concern to hardcore experts), and of course, many new cosmetic options. It had two re-releases, with ""Dead or Alive 5: Last Round"" being the final, fully realized version.I pre-ordered the Steam release of DoA5:LR. I enjoyed it thoroughly to spite the many, many flaws in the release and support. The game was still fun.And then the ""Core Fighters"" edition happened.DoA5:Core Fighters is a desperate, insulting cash-grab on the part of Koei-Tecmo and Team Ninja. They have taken the existing, basic content for 'Last Round, broken it down into parts, and smugly insisted that anyone who wasn't interested in their game before should pay far out the♥♥♥♥♥for the privilage to enjoy it. There is no option to buy the original Steam release of Last Round, and they continue to drastically overcharge for dowloadable costume packs.In short, I ♥♥♥♥ing love the Dead or Alive games. But I cannot, in good conscience, suggest that anyone pay for this version of the game."
,Not Recommended,311730,25128952,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Zyrgle,more dead than alive
,Not Recommended,311730,25265718,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Zemliz,You cant play this game with Friends then why even add Online?
76561197969561423,Not Recommended,311730,15139661,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Zbotz,"Missing features, lazy/broken PC port, no multiplayer, 50€ DLC.On top of that my XBox One Controller doesn't even work properly which is a first."
,Not Recommended,311730,15135788,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,DOTA 2 DRAMA IS REAL ! ! !,"Pro- Game was ported to PC quite okay. It works well.- Great fighting game remind me when I had played Tekken. The game is quite fun.- English and Japanese Sound with English Subtitle.- Nice characters design.- Characters are costumable eg. changing dresses (A lot more on DLC), glasses, pantsu color.- Awesome graphic effects like drop of water, sand, dirt and so on.- Changable System Voice.- Lot of playable maps and background music.- Movable camera after the battles. Let me watch the character pose in different view XDCon- No Achievements. Although there are in-game titles to unlock but for me if there are steam achievements would be better. I can show it through the showcase.- Cant even bind keyboard button. Although i use joypad and I can remap the button but its PC Game. It should be. Not everyone love to use joypad.- Joypad vibration is not supported.- No Steam Cloud. This is useful function. It ensure that I wont lose the save files.- No Soft Engine. Although my fav character is Marie, I still need it.- No Extra Stages.- Screen tearing occured in the game ! Seriously ? So annoying ! (Fixed by forcing Vsync on via graphic card control panel like NVIDIA Control Panel) Actually it need to be in the game setting.- DLCs price are a little bit too high ! I think having separated DLC for each characters would be better.- A little bit too late online mode releasing date.SummaryAlthough the game is ported quite good, there are a lot more to  improve and update. I don't recommend the game in full price for now until they release a improving patch. But if you are the one who love to play fighting game like Tekken and you don't mind things I listed above it would worth it for you.5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,311730,32513918,Posted: 17 June,all,MrPresley,This game is worse tha EA when it comes to DLC  you want to support the creators of this great game but they want to charge you above the 100$s just for the DLC ♥♥♥♥ that
,Not Recommended,311730,17500234,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Kerwin,"Broken multiplayer, unupdated single player. Consoles are on version 1.5+ while PC is still on 1.2 with none of the added content. I payed full price for this game and now that I am unable to get my refund, I will give it the review it deserves.Crappy port. Get it on console."
,Not Recommended,311730,15133624,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,AKIRA,"What can I say? In 2015, $35 you just got an incomplete ps3 simulator on PC ."
,Not Recommended,311730,25036508,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sphynkz,"I love DOA but can't recommend this port. Game looks worse than PS4 version and has less stages, has bugs causing hard crashes and the game now freezes for me at the title screen. Online mode came way too late and is pretty much useless at this point. It's a shame since the DOA5 is actaually a pretty solid game. Only get this if you can't get your hands on the PS4 version and are not planning on playing online."
76561198337897453,Not Recommended,311730,29830136,Posted: 10 February,all,Sir Sharpe 1,"Nevermind, this game is really bad. $1,000 worth of DLC. What the actual ♥♥♥♥?"
,Recommended,311730,15500717,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Rashja,"Its not the finest fighting game ever made, but it looks good and plays well.I only have 1 real gripe: They can get ****ed if they think im gonna pay 259.96 USD for the DLC."
76561198048755692,Recommended,311730,15176248,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Mothra,Sex fight-ameising!
76561198099566276,Not Recommended,311730,25040813,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,nicko,There is no ONLINE LOBBY mode like the XBOX or PS4. That was the ONLY reason to play this game. This is a scam and waste of my money. I played it once and never again.
76561197971010851,Not Recommended,311730,32071505,Posted: 30 May,all,Fera,"I don't often write reviews, but I'll make an exception on this one.This is an abomination of a Console Port, and an equivalent of giving the middle finger to anyone who has purchased it for full price on PC.There is no lobby, you can't invite a friend to fight.The only thing you can do is to search for random battles, which incidentally is really poorly made as I've yet, as of writing, ever been able to connect to any opponent.And to add salt to injury, this is the PS3 port, not the updated PS4.The only updated this game has ever seen, was to add the (non working) random online play, yes it launched without online at all.This was abandoned at launch, yet they continue to add the most expensive DLCs packs I've seen (why you can't purchase costumes as single items is beyond me.)This game is a slap to the face to anyone that purchased it full price, half price or just PC gamers in general."
,Not Recommended,311730,17836047,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Jay Dee,"While the game itself is great, the devs have no idea what they are doing in the PC version."
,Recommended,311730,20079463,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,✯𝕁𝕆ℍℕ 𝕎𝔼𝕊𝕂𝔼ℝ✯,"PROS-Fun Game Modes.-Beautiful Scenery.-Gorgeous characters and costumes.-Story Mode has an interesting backstory behind it,more so than the previous DOA games.-Great FPS.-Huge amount of variety in the characters and their fighting styles.-Makes you feel energized and inspired to become more active.-Great Voice acting.CONS-Not too many people Online which is sad.-Lots of DLC, plus they're expensive.-Can't really record your fights well.-No improved physhics.-Doesn't have the new stages.-No cloth damage during critical burst.VerdictI recommend the game on consoles as a 9/10 but on PC with all its shortcomings its a solid 7/10 get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,311730,17802613,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Mercy's Warm Bosom,"Once they add the online features, this game will be complete, and worth playing. Until then, hold off."
,Not Recommended,311730,15127866,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Arthor,"My keyboard keys don't work at all after the intro cinematics and I get to the auto saving notification that requires me to press A on controller or M on keyboard. I'm literally STUCK on that screen for reasons unknown. Some people say you need to delete any program for controllers on your PC, however as far as I know I have none.They will probably never add the online mode to this game after keeping quiet for all this time. And any DLC costumes are only sold in packs which are overpriced to begin with, but even worse you cannot simply choose the outfits you want to buy."
,Not Recommended,311730,33156346,Posted: 2 July,all,hoops,-purchased-downloaded-started-plugged in controller (PS4 DS)-in match-controller bugged out-plugged in another controller (2nd PS4 DS)-controller bugged out-plugged in another controller (Xbox 360)-controller bugged out-research on how to fix-havent updated controller axis or something in the game (reason why character kept moving on there own)-uninstalled-refunded
76561198005952960,Not Recommended,311730,15151948,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Zeeke,"Allright, I admit that I was hoping for a decent pc port of DOA... Well... That's pretty much a bigass suprise... But enough ranting! On to my pro, cons and miscPro:-Decent visuals-60 FPS-Fun Gameplay-Decent pallet of Characters-Finally a DOA port to pc-Option to change to japanese(English dubs are... Meh...)Cons:-Half done job (Missing features)-Grotesquely expensive DLC-Mod restrictions (Not to be whiney... But Mods are a big reason I almost exclusively play on PC)-Crappy port-Not all controllers are compatible-Late online playability-Was not very upfront with alot of the features (Sure the online thing they were upfront of it... But the rest... Honestly that does spell half♥♥♥♥♥job for me)Misc:-Breast motion option made me laugh-Japanese apparently do not programmer their console games with computers-I hear people have issues running the game and hope there will be a remedy for their problem-I was lucky, atleast one of my controllers work properlyNotes:-Well, I hear there are nude mods already out there and this will obviously be the last DOA game here... Frankly I'm not too beat up about it because they did a half♥♥♥♥♥job at porting it... I mean come on! Seriously!-I wonder if they're gonna have the balls to make the soft engin along with the particle engin as a DLC?... But if they do that honestly that would blow... But if they release it as a free update, along with a few patches I will change my reviewEdited: I've reajusted some of the cons that I've said on this game... Well apparently it still deserves a negative review"
76561198157329578,Not Recommended,311730,16964196,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,SquirrelMan7,This game is very good. Its one of my favorite fighting games. The game tho is unfinished. And for a remasterd version it sucks. It feels downgraded in a sense. Theres no online and its missing features. This is one of the worst game ports to pc i have seen. Tying to remaster a game and port it to pc is definitly not this companys specialty.
,Not Recommended,311730,25846614,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Victor Ziblis,"No lobbies, it is a complete and utter waste of time and money.  I was promised online play and did not get it.  Not elgibile for refund despite their lies.  Scumbags gonna scumbag.  For extra fun, check out their useless F2P edition, also without lobbies!"
,Not Recommended,311730,15133482,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Obilvious,No Everything-No Soft Engine-No PS4(Next Gen) Partical Effects-No Extra Stages-No Keyboard Customize Mapping-No Steam CloudLazy Dev to port game this PC Like Dev don't Release Game to PCとてもがない-やわらかエンジンがない-Extra Stageがない-Next Gen　グラピグがない-Steam cloudがない-Keyboard Settingsがない怠惰なデベロッパー
,Not Recommended,311730,20353552,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Whoota,"“5:12 PM - [T-A!] Whoota: bad voice acting,♥♥♥♥♥♥script and bad netcode.5:12 PM - [T-A!] Whoota: I didn't come for any of that.5:12 PM - [T-A!] Whoota: I came for brightly coloured♥♥♥♥♥♥”That is a genuine quote, from me, justifying my purchase ofDead or Alive Last Round.It is without a doubt, the most fan service oriented fighting game out there, but it sacrifices so much in exchange, that you must be one hell of a fan to forgive all of its shortcomings.As it happens, I am not aDead or Alivefan. I do like fighting games, and I like to own a lot of them, so that when friends come over I can pop one on the TV and we play a quick bit of loser passes the controller. Dead or Alive is excellent for this because it’s system and execution are extremely welcoming to anyone. You have a button for punching, and one for kicking. One other button to grab, and one button dedicated to no-selling your opponent’s punches and kicks by catching them with the right timing and then rubbing it in their faces. It is simple, easy to learn, hard to master. Beginners will be delighted to see all the cool stuff their guy or gal can do with just a few button presses. While dedicated players can read into the complex stun and juggle systems to really lay the smack down on your opponent.The game comes with a tonne of modes, and a tonne of content. This DoA once again comes with a big, fleshed out story mode. Over 50 chapters, each bookended with cut scenes and voiced dialogue. It is not particularly well written and performed. In fact it is downright embarrassing at times. The majority of the plot was completely lost on me. An evil corporation is has been taken over by the ceo’s daughter and she is trying to start the company off with a clean slate. Best course of action? Well let’s do everything the old company did again, exactly the same, and pretend we didn’t know. Once again a Dead or Alive fighting tournament is held to invite the world’s greatest martial artists to determine who is the best. How this serves anyone is completely beyond me, but I guess any excuse to have girls fight each other in impractical clothing is as good as any.Rounding out the modes are your traditional one-on-one versus modes. Arcade, survival, team battles, you name it. There’s even a photo studio to snap pics of your favourite characters in your favourite costumes. Let me tell you, there are costumes. Even without the outrageously priced DLC, the game contains a lot of costumes to unlock. From army fatigues and suits of armour, all the way to sling bikinis and skin-tight leather cat suits that leave very little to the imagination.All these modes and costumes are nice and all. And even when you’re playing the game, you notice the graphical fidelity as the characters each drip with sweat and get visibly dirty. Insane effects such as exploding helicopters, collapsing skyscrapers and giant Buddha statues all pass the venue at a smooth 60 frames per second.Pretty good.Except that it isn’t.While all your modes are present in this game, one is seriously broken. The online mode is a train wreck. Devoid of practically any modes besides ranked match, the online component is an afterthought. Furthermore, the connection and net code are generally abysmal. Frame and input lag are commonplace. You can’t play with your friends, you can’t play for fun. You must play for real all the time and you have to do with a colossal handicap. That is, if you can even get a match going in the first place. Unsurprisingly, with such awful online battles, no one is going to want to play it to begin with.And even then, when you dismiss the online, you’re still left with a sub-par port. This PC version is based on the PS3 version. Which is a direct affront to anyone with a decent rig. The PS4 version is out there, laughing at anyone who spends money on this husk. Sure it looks nice, but it could have looked so much better. No, instead Koei would have you pay premium for the privilege to play this on a PC, in a washed out form. Additionally, the game is unstable; shutting the game down crashes it. Framerates jump and dive between cut scenes and gameplay. Not a big deal, but it shouldn’t be happening. Furthermore, the default button layout leaves much to be desired. For instance, pressing the tumbstick pauses the game. Certain combination buttons are found under the start button instead. And if that weren’t enough there is the DLC.Humour me for a moment. Go to the steam store and look up this game. Yes? I’ll wait. Don’t worry. Look at the DLC. See that? That is more than the game costs or is worth. Sure, it’s a truckload of costumes, but why so expensive? Not even Capcom is this exorbitant in its pricing. This wouldn’t be so bad it is was entirely optional, but the game has the nerve to dangle it before your eyes like you could possibly unlock it by playing the game. No. Not even close.http://store.steampowered.com/app/358142/Evidently, despite all of its exquisite costume crafting and scintillating jiggle physics, the game has all the makings of a quick money grabbing scheme. Busted online and poorly optimised performance make the game a complete joke in respect to its basic price point. I can buy the PS4 version for less. You can buy the PS4 version for less. If you want to play DoA5 Last round, buy the PS4 version. However, you can’t or you must have some way of posting prettily rendered T&A on steam, then you could, possibly, maybe, consider getting this on a sale.Please also check out Completing the Backlog's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Not Recommended,311730,29177675,Posted: 10 January,all,ti1706,"The worst thing I can say about this games is that it never stops disappointing me.So, in no particular order, here are some of the hundred little irritations that have been driving me up the wall for the last few weeks.All matches against the A.I. are won by exploitation... and none are ever fun.Either the A.I. exploits its instant, seemingly psychic counterattacks ORYou exploit its INCREDIBLY repetitive attack patterns and block patterns.The A.I. can be defeated on all difficulties by button-mashing because there are some attacks it simply WON'T block.Example: I've beaten every game mode by picking Bayman and using Back+Kick,Punch,Punch. It hits 80% of the time.Example 2: Today, I beat Arcade on every difficulty with Mila and Punch,Punch,Punch into Punch,Punch,F+Punch.Seriously, nearly every character has at least one move that the A.I. just doesn't avoid.The A.I. will use the same attacks, repeatedly. Even if you JUST countered them. I've seen Momiji suicide this way a lot.This terrible A.I. is a bigger problem than usual because the Player vs. Player aspect of DOA is basically missing.There are no game lobbies.There is no ""fight a friend"" optionThe netcode is straight from the devil's♥♥♥♥♥ Lag isn't just constant, it's constantly getting worse.There isn't even a ""rematch"" option in the rare event that you end up playing the guy down the street from you.Wait times are easily in the 15-20 minutes range, depending on your rank.There is no spectate option. You can't watch people fight, you can't watch the A.I. fight.This literally halved my enjoyment of the game. My favorite part of fighting games is watching the A.I. duke it out.Also, in a game sold more on boobs than sport, isn't WATCHING those boobs fight half the fun?It's been pointed out to me that there IS an exhibition mode (called ""spectate""), which I knew. My point is it's not actually a fight. Just two AIs whacking infinitely at each other without purpose.There is no control over the random costume selection, and A.I. costumes are randomed in everything but Versus.This means, unless you have a ton of dlc, you will see some truly fugly outfits again and again and again...4 of the fighters (the Virtua Fighter guests) have voice samples that were recorded in wind tunnels.The quality is terrible, tinny, staticy and every single word sticks out like a sore thumb amidst the other DOA voices.The music is bad. Yea, I know, fighting games aren't known for music (aside from SFII), but this stuff is really... boring.""Showdown"" is the cheesiest rap ever written. It rhymes ""ready for the showdown"" with ""grass we gonna mow down"".""Showdown"" also shoehorns every single fighter's name into the song, whether they rhyme or not.Everything but the Zack's Island theme is a 2 minute long synthesizer riff with backing synthesizers.Speaking of Zack... Zack. Zack is the game's only black character and he's a whiny, irritating, effeminate clown.C'mon, Nippon. I know black dudes aren't exactly common over there... but this is worse than Balrog.Zack's intros all involve him thrusting his butt out and making girly hand gestures.Every time that happens, my slave-owning ancestors get a little offended on behalf of black men everywhere.There are not 1, not 2... but three different literal clones in the game. They fight different, but look the same.Of the 30-ish fighters, nearly a third of them are sexy ninja's who feel kinda identical. (In my opinion, at least)In fact, a lot of the fighter's feel really similiar. Kasumi/Momiji, Jacky/Sarah, Bayman/Other Bayman, etc.And now, on to some of the bugs that continue to plague this release. Ahem...Sound stutters, stops, breaks, doesn't load, is out of sync... these issues happen randomly in all game modes.Clothes can get ""stuck"". Hair and skirts will sometimes stick straight up. Like a giant vacuum cleaner is above them.Controllers are not Plug & Play. Workarounds are required to use anything other than the keyboard. (see: XinputPlus)Loading times will randomly become minutes long. Sometimes, they'll simply stop loading all together.If you spend too much time in a match queue, the ""Cancel Search"" button may disappear, forcing a restart.Lighting occasionally flickers and varies wildly depending on the camera angle. Some angles will literally make skin look grey. Others will look like a nuclear dawn.Every single one of these bugs has happened to me multiple times... and yet, I keep playing this game.Why? Because every time I stop, I start thinking ""Boy, wouldn't it be nice to spend and hour or two playing something stupid and sexy instead of Dota?""So, I start up DOA... and pick my favorite gal, then realize all over again how flawed this is. Somehow, it feels like a fresh disapointment each time... and it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. One of those ""What might have been"" types of things, I guess.I can't recommend strongly enough that you steer clear of this monster. There are worse games out there, but very few are as depressing as DOA5: Last Round is."
,Not Recommended,311730,16519925,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,amikros,"Pros:-The game itself is good. It’s one of the major fighting franchises for a reason.-It runs well. It’s a PS3/X360 game after all, and it had been optimized for a low-profile PC-based arcade board as well, so it runs perfectly with shadows on at 60fps at 720p and FXAA on machines below minimal requirements. Don't be fooled by the i7 requirement; if you can run other last-gen games fine then you can run this.Cons:-It’s a PS3/X360 game missing features from the PS4/XBone version, even stages. The only next-gen “features” are high resolution and true antialiasing, as if you couldn’t do that with any other game.-No key rebinding.-Actually, scratch that: when you plug a controller in and customize it, it DOES MESS with the key bindings as well. You got used to the default keys? Congratulations, now the keys have swapped just because you configured the buttons of a controller.-DLC comes in big bundles only.All in all, I’m enjoying the game and I don’t regret buying it, but this is a case where I honestly have to give a negative review because of the amount of disdain this port was done with."
,Not Recommended,311730,20310882,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,onan,"You know, I love this series, I really do, but DOA5LR is, at this point, one of the rare Triple Dips in gaming today. DOA5, DOA5: Ultimate, and now DOA5: Last Round, because clearly someone did not bother looking up the definition for the word ""ultimate."" To put it another way, this is their ""Dead or Alive 5: Game of The Year of The Year Edition"" (making yet another term meaningless).But I bought them. I bought them all. I trusted the team and preordered each release, only to be let down by their aggressively ""free to play"" style DLC add-ons which amount to nothing more that digital dress-up, and I bought all that too, because I've (less and less emphatically) been calling myself a fan all this time, and then they bundled it in with the subsequent release and offered even more DLC.But the game is good. The gameplay is fun, the story mode is ridiculous nonsense that only has the new Mortal Kombat reboot series as a rival.I can't recommend this though. Why? Because I feel there's a 75% chance they're going to put out DOA5: Final Lap or something and do it all again. When is the safe time to buy a DOA game under Koei? On Day One if you don't care about everything you're NOT getting, or more likely, the day they release the next numbered DOA game.That's not even mentioning how substandard this PC edition is, shipping without online play and based on the PS3 release's physics and lighting, and not using all the bells and whistles of new costumes. The DLC costumes don't tear, even though the price of said DLC is still in denial. The place to get this series is on console, if you get it at all. Who cares about online play and graphics when you've got hundreds of dollars of DLC just waiting for you? That's what matters, right? The funny thing is DOA5 really is sort of Free To Play on console, with rotating fighters available.It's sad because you see this nightmare skin shop that  DOA has become, and you see how far former creative director/team lead Tomonobu Itagaki has fallen with Devil's Third on Wii U, and you wonder about what an alternate DOA5 might have been like. It really was one of those ""sum is greater"" pairings.This is the last DOA game I'm buying. I've been beaten, I feel like I've lost. Not really sure how much of a win that is for the publisher though. Kind of weird behavior if your goal is to make money and all."
,Not Recommended,311730,15145498,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,bobby,"I am a big fan of DOA but i just cannot recommend this port of the game.having played Dead or alive 5 back when it came out in 2012 I loved it. been a fan since doa 4 came with my xbox 360 at launch and played the crap out of it for years. I loved the 3ds game dimensions also. When i heard they were porting the game to the ""next gen"" systems i was excited honestly i knew what to expect. but with the soft engine upgrades amongst other things it was looking good.I was very happy to see the series makes in debut on pc but then they found a way to ruin it.no soft engine in this version, its honestly the same as the 360 version i played back in 2012 apart from all the cosmetic dlc and some extra characters (2 by the way added in the ps4/xbone version we dont get on pc for some reason??)apart from (ps4 level shadows if you can even tell) this is pretty much the 360/ps3 version.missing soft engine, 2 characters, 2 stagesONLINE PLAYS IS MISSING AND WONT BE ADDED FOR 3 MONTHS POSSIBLY??????????no steam achievements (i do like those)no vibration on controllers at all??? whyTHE Game links its save file to your steam community name so if you change it you will have to swap backantialisaing only up to x4.so if you have played the ps3/360 versions this is literally that with all the costume dlc and some nicer shadows whoop de dono online play at this time aswell. if you have played the 2012 version its not worthing paying £30 for this its really not woth itFor dead or alives first port this really doesnt look good, pc players get screwed again with a version substandard to next gen consoles when it should be onpar/improved.and why screw us out of content in those versions also.they said if modders arent good and moral they wont bring doa to pc again (good and moral ITS DOA FFS)tbh if this is the series only pc outing im cool with it, if this is the way they wish to treat pc customers.i guess maybe if you never played doa 5 and want to wait 3 feckin months for online and get it (may aswell wait for steam sale).If you own a next gen system get that version, or if you dont get the 360,ps3 version for cheap if you have those tbh.what a jip huh, allways having to rely on modders to do the devs jobs.A shame"
,Not Recommended,311730,16428588,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Tubby,"Terrible port that I really regret pre-ordering. Doesn't support a ton of resolutions, background graphics look like they were rendered ten years ago, there are texture issues where the wrong object loads (EG a character running around with a steel girder on their head instead of a hat), and half the time I alt+tab out of the game it crashes. Oh, did I mention that there's no online mode?"
76561198076028955,Not Recommended,311730,15398895,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Blackgenma,"Game runs fine, but missing some VERY basic features: achievments, trading cards. . . .Cloud saving. There are complaints about the lack of Key remapping, which is bad, but thankfully, that's not an issue for me. The lack of online makes me salty about the missing two stages and partical effects, for some reason they saw fit to not port over the latest version of the game. Also, no one apreceates Koei Tecmo persecuting modders.There's no excuse for this half baked release. PC customers are obviously second rate customers to Koei Tecmo's Team Ninja."
,Not Recommended,311730,25496309,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,GonzoMixZeL,Lose Youself to DLC .........The Bad  BadController setting / Quality is PS3 / DLC OverpriceThe Good on this game is Girl Character they have many costume but you need to buy more.....DLC on This game make EA/Ubisoft Look good to you...
,Not Recommended,311730,15159225,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Fulltimespy,"110 € for some freakin costume dlc (but prety sexy and hot) which should be in the game in the first place ?Kiss my nuts over freakin priced dlc.Possibly worst dlc deal I've ever seen.Still, prety good game, only it's a bad port.Textures are way better on ps4.And some stages are missing.Play at a friends first, or wait for steam sales."
,Not Recommended,311730,21703263,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Zeemond,Has boobs.. dosen't have multiplayer to play with someone else's boobs.
76561197986020229,Not Recommended,311730,17673076,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,JANEWAY,"This is one of the worst PC ports i have ever seen. The game was released on PC simultaneously with the PS4 and XboxOne consoles, but instead of being equal quality, the PC version is a poorly patched downgraded mess of a game. This is one of the worst PC ports i have ever seen. Months after it's release there is still no Online mode. The DLC is now falling far behind the console versions in both release dates as well as quality.If you're really thinking of buying this game, do yourself a favor and buy the console version. Even the PS3 version is better than this."
,Not Recommended,311730,23444596,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,nOm nom NOM3,Broken Promises. The actual gameplay is just fine for the most part. This game doesnt even run on the same engine the console version has. TN ♥♥♥♥ed us SO GOOD. They give us a demo version of the game then throw $700 of DLC at us. Never buying a game from anyone involved with this game again.
,Not Recommended,311730,15133301,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ProjectEgo2137,the games ok but the dlc cost more then the game
,Not Recommended,311730,15133712,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,KKyang,"If you haven't bought this game, go get a PS4 or XBOX One version.When I pre-purchase in January, I wasn't told there will be no Soft Engine. It's a fraud just like NVIDIA sells their GTX 970 with the wrong spec."
,Recommended,311730,29703027,Posted: 4 February,all,Yukki,"---------------------------------------------------Pros:+Combat Stability+Great Stage Design+Good Fighters+Everything i forgot mentioning------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons:-Lame Story-Multiplayer Sucks(No lobbies, and no player matches only ranked >:(Also Players Are Not even playing ranked it's dead in there.)------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It's a good game in general, they just need to fix them multiplayer mode.Rating: 8/10------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"
76561198119725827,Not Recommended,311730,15132241,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,peiwing,Hey team ninja...You disappointed me.Do you think its have a necessary to buy this game without online battle and vibration?Please give patch as soon as possible.
,Not Recommended,311730,15256926,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Dup3,"Great Game, bad port.  Just wait and see if future updates fix the existing issues for controllers, key remapping, etc."
,Not Recommended,311730,15154759,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Jirvin Loh,"Dead or Alive 5 Last Round PC quick reviewSummary: Cons outweigh Pros. There is a said, the more you expect for something, it usually turn out to be a dull, that is true for this game - I am sorry to called it a lazy console port. Current price tag seems extremely higher than during pre-order not really a wise investment, plus if you don't have an Xbox 360 controller for Windows,  stay far away from this game.Let's face it...Pros:- It's fun – much like the way on the Xbox360 / PS3.- Added pre-purchased costumes- One of the few fighting game which I stay in front of PC for over an hour. (Thanks to the Xbox 360 controller for Windows)Cons:- The game (luckily) detected Xbox 360 controller for Windows but vibration isn’t there…- No customization for keyboard...- Obviously a lazy console port with limited resolutions available 1)conventional Windows 98 resolutions or 2) Full HD or 3) 4k resolution – all resolution are hard-coded and the missing required hacked to get it back...- Graphic are aged – Even Tomb Raider that released nearly 2 years back are realistic than this one. PC version do not really shared the visual similarity from Xbox One / PlayStation 4 but Xbox 360 / Playstation 3 which dated nearly a decade.- Price went up crazy after unlocked and Downloadable content which sold separately with sexier costume are now cost more than the game itself during pre-purchase...Conclusion: As per summary above plus I've give it the disappointed 4 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,311730,16837601,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,dd089966,"TL;DR:Don't buy until it's finished, whenever that is.  It's garbage, but I'm a fanboy.UPDATE (Nov. 01, 2015):  ""Beta"" Online is now broken for North America.You'll notice I've put quite a little bit of time into the game, but still believe others should definitely NOT buy it unless you haven't played DOA 5 yet.  I was personally stoked to see my favorite fighting game coming to PC, and still am relatively happy about it.  Even with all the goofs and terrible development.The costumes are only worth is if you are a hardcore fanboy, need to be frivolous, and dislike money.  They're alright, but for like $10 max.  The online beta has been a joke with all the constant crashing along with the fact the game hates competing for your speakers so it lowers everything else to nothingif it doesn't outright muteyour VLC, Netflix, etc.All in all the game is awful until it's truly finished.Team Ninja folks.Breaking promises and upholding the ""Mythbusters"" moto -""Failure is always an option."""
76561198043243225,Not Recommended,311730,22057435,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ToxicPiaf,"Dead or Alive WAS my favourite fighting game series, I've played every version. However this version has offically killed the series for me.The developers do NOT care about the pc version at all and refuse to update/fix major game breaking bugs. On top of that there is practically NO player base left what so ever because the online mode is a joke. I've only ever seen 2 different people (that were laggy as hell) online. There are no lobbies, and if you try search for people you risk crashing your game. The only option is to go into training mode and have it search for people in the background.Single player is alright, but really it'll only keep you entertained for a few hours at a time. Story-mode has gone downhill, and is nothing but a joke now. It's a nice take on things but they clearly didn't care enough to put effort into it.Get this game on console if you want, but do NOT get this on pc. A waste of time and money."
,Not Recommended,311730,15311809,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ksn0va,"It's because of ports like this that make me wonder whether I'm really in 2015 or if I'm still in 2004, stuck in a coma, with my subconscious trying to wake me up by exposing me to garbage pc ports."
,Not Recommended,311730,20095377,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,crusader2893,"I don't exactly feel great not recommending this game. Being a fan of the series, it really is a shame that it's turned to what is it today. I'll try to be as honest as I can about it. Right off the back the game visually is a pretty game. As time passes, it holds up well. When the game came out there were delays, and promises that weren't kept. Disappointing, yes, but I felt like this was an oppurtunity for the modding community to really shine. The first thing that came to mind was texture updates, making the game look more ""next-gen"". There were some, but it was then later buried under the massive amount of ""fanservice-like"" mods, which was also expected. The DLC for the game is outrageously overpriced and when compared to the versions of the DLC that were released for the consoles, some of them are missing some pretty cool and different features. Such as Console only costumes and certain costumes that can change form in mid game. I couldn't get myself to learn how to play with the keyboard, so I plugged in my Gamepad (Xbox One controller), it was immediately recognized and I went on to fight. Everything at the time felt smooth and just as I can remember any DOA game, with the exception of a few changes, like a few different moves and button combos. With every update it seemed the game just got better and better, mainly performance wise. Things ran smoother, until an update some time ago, it created a problem with  the gamepads buttons not registering. A highly popular example, both L and R Triggers, the kick button, in this case ""B"". and it just made the game unplayable. There was from the Devs of a patch that would fix this, but that day seem to have never come. I haven't tried online due to the gampad issue, but from what I hear, it isn't too great. It's sad to say that I'll probably be refunding this game sometime soon, spend my money on something that isn't broken."
76561197979669620,Not Recommended,311730,17539687,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Niro,"This released with no online, and several features cut out with no plan to add them in. Add in the developers getting butthurt about people modding their game and this PC release stands as probablythebest example of what not to do with a PC port.If you're not even going to put effort into your PC port, why even try? This is just another cynical cash grab."
76561198031620281,Not Recommended,311730,33168593,Posted: 2 July,all,Sabob,I would encourage people to not support companies that charge money for pieces of their game.  Or port an older version of the game missing graphical enhancements and fighting stages.  This mess is a missed opportunity by Tecmo to make something really special instead of a cash grab.
,Not Recommended,311730,15132869,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,zeck,"Let’s get this out of the way – it doesn’t have all the bells and whistles that it should. There’s a couple of missing stages and the Soft Engine does not appear in this port. There’s no Steam Cloud support and there’s speculation about the safety of your save data if you change your Steam ID. It’s also going to be missing online multiplayer for up to three months. Oh, and you can't rebind your keys. Since the game was announced, it’s fair (and a bit of an understatement) to say that Tecmo Koei and Team Ninja have been uncommunicative. Without a doubt, KT did not deliver the best product that they could have. If this is enough to dissuade you from purchasing the game, no one could blame you. This type of behavior from a developer should not come without its consequences, and I commend you for taking a stand.However, what I’m going to do from this point is look at the game for what it is, and not what it could or should be. If you’re looking for a fun 3D fighting game with tight mechanics and sharp graphics, look no further. Speaking from experience, despite lacking the Soft Engine, Last Round looks better here than it does on the Xbox One. At the time of writing this, I’ve got about three hours in and I’ve noticed no performance hitches and the framerate solidly stays at 60 (I’ll post my specs at the bottom so you can compare). Unfortunately, the graphics settings have to be configured via a separate configuration tool, and the options themselves are somewhat limited. It supports up to 4K resolution and 4x SSAA, and it gives you the option of changing shadow resolutions (as well as turning them off altogether). Let’s move on to content.Right out of the gate you have access to 34 characters, each with a number of unique costumes and hairstyles. There are 24 stages for you to fight on in either solo or tag matches, some of which include separate areas that your opponents (or you) can be punched, kicked, thrown or otherwise knocked into. Many maps also include environmental hazards that can cause extra damage when someone is knocked into them, usually resulting in an explosion.As far as the actually gameplay goes, the combat is a very simple but satisfying formula. There are three main aspects to the combat – strikes, holds and throws – and they work in a sort of rock-paper-scissors-like fashion.  Strikes are effective against throws, which are effective against holds, which in turn are effective against strikes. While you may be able to get by with a basic understanding of the system at first, you will have to learn how to effectively use holds and string lengthy combos together if you hope to stand a chance against more difficult opponents. When it comes to actually controlling the game, I can't speak for the keyboard controls (they look god-awful), but I've been using a DS4 and haven't had any problems with it.Aside from that, you can expect your standard fighter experience with arcade ladders, survival mode and time attack. One fairly unique game mode called team fight allows you to pit two teams of up to seven fighters against one another, and it’s rather fun. There’s also a story mode, if you really care.So, would I recommend it? No, I wouldn't. Don't get me wrong, the game is fun. It’s technically sound and the gameplay is fast and fun. The music is great and the aesthetics are as well. Everything about this game as it is, is perfectly enjoyable. If you don't care about KT's behavior and just want to play the game, then buy it; I think you'll enjoy it.  However, I think it’s more important that as consumers, and not just PC gamers, we take a stand against lazy ports. Because of this, I can't personally recommend the game. There’s no reason to believe that KT couldn’t have delivered a better product. They’ve hardly even spoken about the port at all, and as far as I know, they haven’t expressed any reason as to why we weren’t getting the best version of the game. So buy it on sale, and show them that we want their work on this platform – but only if it’s up to par.SPECS:i5 3570K @ 3.4 GHz8GB RAMGTX 750 TiWindows 7*Conclusion edited to be made more concise"
76561198050745565,Recommended,311730,29820021,Posted: 10 February,all,Maidenized,"REVIEW OF THE SINGLEPLAYER PART ONLY!I gotta say i was UBER sceptical if i should buy this game having played it on PS4 (The superior version to many).It was on sale with a bunch of DLC for 19.99 EUR so i dove in.Mostly for the enhanced graphics PC would offer and mostly to be able to play it in 4K.I got to say i was not dissapointed.Being able to crank up the resolution made it, at least for me, for the extra 20 EUR to own it on PC.Great controls, slick 60fps in 4K power by my GTX 1080, same great singleplayer component with a bunch of DLC included.I recommend it on PC if your GPU isable to output at least 1440p in 60fps and if you wanna take part of the DLC that's bundled in right now.I can't say anything about the multiplayer component because i wouldn't dare to try it.Too many awesome players out there. Single player is my♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198018688441,Not Recommended,311730,15264911,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Tagxo,it's fun but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥what is up with no online for months after it got pushed back and the prices for costumes is nuts
,Recommended,311730,34313337,Posted: 17 August,all,Emperor Panda,"I've owned vanilla on 360, Ultimate on PS3, and now Last Round on PC.The cons? Still no lobbies, none of the new stages, absurd DLC prices, and you do have to use Xinput with certain controllers.The pros? DOA on PC, still a gorgeous looking 3D fighter, casual and pro friendly, Core Fighters is free, controls are still tight (even if you have to use the Xinput program like me), netcode is surprisingly good, waifus for days, and Lisa is still a beast! HahaOne last thing, if you want any of the DLC costumes I'd suggest to wait for sales, as I have done and probably many others as well!"
,Not Recommended,311730,15164033,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Vinz-,"As for the price i can't justify it for the content that the console have its basically a lesser version of the console with some missing content like :-The Danger Zone and Crimson stages-The Soft Engine-PS4 effects-Online mode (coming in the next 3 months)-Keyboard configuration (i mean really ?)and for framerate issues i don't seem to have it even on my rig I3 2nd gen,4gb of ram,Gtx 750 (1366x768)it ran about 50-60 fps on battlebut the core gameplay is still solid and good can't recommend to people except fans of the series(might change review if the issue has been fixed)"
76561197993407356,Not Recommended,311730,22468258,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Captain Camper,"This game was never finished for PC, and then abandoned. Stay away."
76561198062765443,Not Recommended,311730,24699679,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,I Am A Seller Of Radios Period.,"Among other things, this game has the temerity to forbid the user to change the mappings of its rather unintuitive keyboard controls-- that's just pure unadulterated ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t right there. Also, the pricing of the DLC packs is more exorbitant than any other game I've ever seen. It would appear that Tecmo is sadly not the great developer it was 20 years ago. I can't really say I feel that this is worth the $20 sale price I paid for it. If this really is the last DoA game, as the ""Last Round"" moniker would suggest, then, to paraphrase T.S. Eliot, ""The Dead or Alive series shall end not with a bang, but with a whimper."""
,Not Recommended,311730,15313631,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Nadym,"Pre-ordered this, disappointed at the delay but I thought it would be worth the wait. I was wrong. Firstly, it lacks two stages and the soft engine which is simply unacceptable, but I was prepared for it and I was prepared to ignore it.The lack of options to change controls on keyboard is horrendous. What’s completely unacceptable is the fact that the triggers are swapped with start and back, making it horrible to map controls to.I also believe the game wasn’t optimised very well, my machine is capable of running GTA IV in 3200x1800 at 60fps with most effects on hi but struggles to do the same here when playing tag team, or in a very intensive stage. Even at 1600x900 it will run very smoothly most of the time but occasionally lag.Very disappointed. Tecmo I loved you when you had the DOA3/DOA2U attitude of satisfying gamers. You’d include as much as you could, i.e Ein in DOA3, Hitomi in DOA2U but your new attitude sucks.Pls fix k thnx ilusm."
,Not Recommended,311730,29832678,Posted: 10 February,all,Moonmadness,"Game is crazy beautiful (especially the female faces and models ofc, since it's what DOA it's all about right?), the gameplay is way more technical than it looks with very varied movesets and options, but the lack of online options is depressing. You can only fight other people in ranked or by accepting random throwdown requests in training/versus/arcade, which are on by default in training and many people don't even know about it/don't know how to accept them.The amount of DLC in this game is also insane, although the only thing you really need are the fighters as you can unlock many costumes just by playing the game.Also the game has some annoying bugs (pressing shift in the main menu will bring up the store and it's impossible to exit; some keys displayed are wrong; xinput controller only supported through 3rd party programs...) that makes you feel like it's an unfinished port.The only good thing is that you're not required to actually spend any money to play it if you want to stick with one of the 4 free characters. This is really a wasted opportunity by Tecmo/TN."
,Not Recommended,311730,15132628,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kurisu Chan,"Won't get past saved screen on start-up, no online, no soft engine, no extra stages and DLC out the♥♥♥♥♥ They've truly accomplished beating Ubisoft, quite a feat to do!Avoid like the plague."
76561198059779495,Not Recommended,311730,15132289,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,chenghmong,"Controlls are unconfigurable, can't get past the START screen because NO buttons will work.  Press start but nothing counts as the start button.  Tecmo won't even tell us how to get past the start screen.  Manual is only for xbox."
,Not Recommended,311730,15132841,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,pj,"Positive+It runs fine+It's a good game+good training modes+boobsNegative-this isn't last round, it's the last version-dlc, dlc, dlc-Lacking basic options you expect in a pc game-lacks soft engine, a big thing with last round-lacking online on launch despite being delayed, will be added in 3 MONTHS-some poor quality textures, especially on backgrounds-There could be more modes-needs more focus on bootyEdit: My fightsick and fightpads pause buttons kick instead of pauses. Same with select. So make sure you have a 360 controller as it is the only one that seems to work"
,Not Recommended,311730,17823375,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Akki ツ,"Game alone is fine. Didn't have problems with port, runs smoothly excluding one map but...This is a last time I bought a game from KOEI..."
,Not Recommended,311730,16810542,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,VibronicTea,"Until there is a way to mute online players and their horrible microphones and the sounds some of them play through it, I refuse to recommend this game.Doesn't sound like a huge issue but just wait until a 400 pound bloated whale with a 5 dollar mic, breathing, sreeching, and blasting his horrible static filled music in your ears causing them to bleed and leaving you with no choice but to play without sound for the rest of the match."
76561198165420556,Not Recommended,311730,15133649,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,PIRATE_NT,Damn My XBOX one Pad ....seriosuly problem.Key Mapping is ♥♥♥♥ing.LT RT stick don't work.
,Not Recommended,311730,29859480,Posted: 11 February,all,Meconate,"I must start off by saying that this negative review is in no way a downvote to the core game itself. I've been a fan of the Dead or Alive series since the Dreamcast release of Dead or Alive 2. The mechanics, characters, music, the overall game is great, and I would fully recommend the series to any fan of the fighting game genre... on any other gaming platform besides what we have here on the PC.It would almost seem that Dead or Alive 5: Last Round was bound to fail the moment it was announced that the PC version would have a delayed online mode on launch. This caused enough people, including myself, to consider refunding the game right away. However, I persevered as I'd been eager to play this 'final' version of Dead or Alive 5 for some time. I also wanted to support Team Ninja in the hopes that we may see some of their other titles port their way over, such as the excellent Ninja Gaiden series.Seems I put a little too much faith into Team Ninja.You see, Dead or Alive: Last Round suffers from problems that to this day have not and most likely will never be resolved due to the incompetent developers. Besides the fact that the PC port is merely the PS3 version of the game (therefore lacking certain graphical upgrades as the PS4/Xbox One versions), those who patiently waited for the delayed online play, were later robbed of the full features as the only mode available is 'ranked'. So if you wanted to play this with your friends, or just a casual match with the public, you best think again. On top of this, the game doesn't fully support x-input controllers, so you'll have to find other methods to get your Xbox 360 fightstick to work.But you ask, surely enough people have complained? Considering the amount of DLC for the game every other month, surely Team Ninja/Koei Tecmo wish to keep this game fresh? Unfortunately, this isn't the case. In fact, it would seem Team Ninja don't want to work with their fans at all. They release ridiculously overpriced DLC packs full of uninspired, perverted costumes for the female characters of DoA. And then they have the audacity to moan and complain when they later found out that players were modding Dead or Alive 5 to play the characters in the nude.How dare the community mod these sexualized female characters with oversized breasts into their birthday suits!Don't get me wrong, as I said, I do enjoy the series a lot and I often disagree with people who just judge the game by its cover. However, when you're being blatantly insulted by the developers as they take your money and hand you a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port, and then continue to release £30 a pack DLC, only to shrug their shoulders when the community asks for some actual patches and support, well you have to put your foot down and tell them where to stick it.Simply put; if you're a fan of the series, buy this game on another platform, not here. The current generation of consoles (PS4, Xbox One) recieved the better ports, while the PC was given the raw end of the deal.If you're really eager, then it's probably best to try the new free to play version; 'Core Fighters', another attempt to draw in more money after such a shabby launch."
,Recommended,311730,15132512,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Barkie_Mailman,"????Are people just reading the somewhat negative notes about this game and making bad reviews over it?First off - I own the ps4 copy as well. I bought this version as DOA is my favorite fighting game of all time and I want to play it when I travel on my laptop. Here's a few details about the difference between the two versions:GraphicsDon;t be so quick to dismiss the PC version. The graphics are basically equal on both versions (But I get a better framerate on my laptop). All this noise about the soft engine and some items being equivalent to the ps3 version is totally crazy. MAYBE if I bring my laptop downstairs and pause both versions side by side I'd see a difference....no guarantees. Giving this game a bad review due to the lack of the soft engine is like hating a hamburger because the bun has 2% less sesame seeds.CostPC version is way cheaper! The PS4 version (which I bought from PSN) is really weird. You have to download the demo, and then buy the story as DLC for $13 (which I regret doing...the story mode is beyond useless). Then you have to pay $50 for the 30 characters. That was $63 compared to Steams $40 AND I got a million costume packs for the steam edition. All the ps4 costumes are expensive as hell.***Quick side note - I bought the story mode on PSN because I thought you needed it to get trophies....but there aren't any on PSN either. Very strange as I thought every playstation game was required to have them.OnlineNo debate here....PS4 has full online with the cool share button features as well. No steam online for 3 months which would make this a terrible purchase for you if you only play online. I mainly play local competitive or arcade mode so I'm not missing out.Random thoughtsThe loading time on the PS4 is surprisingly good, but not nearly as nice as having the game installed on your SSD. Game is extremely fast on steam!I have the wireless 360 controller for windows and it works flawlessly. No strange button maps here.I'm using a laptop with a nvidia 770M (Which is low/mid range compared to desktop cards). The game runs flawlessly @1080p and I never see any slowdown.People still care about steam achievements??? They're so useless O.oAnyways... I do agree about the online functionality. Hopefully that gets fixed sooner than later. But all these other complaints seem really unnecessary. Go out and try the PS4 version if you really want to see the difference in graphics. The game play is identical, with the exception of the better loading times which makes a big difference for me."
76561198007596099,Not Recommended,311730,15251169,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,白鐘 直斗,"I bought this game for the sole purpose of testing how my new MSI GTX 980 would perform. Now, now, I know there are better games to use as test subjects than one that involves nothing but glistening skins of girls, breasts and a possible turn on for ryona lovers but I've seen how this game runs on the ps4 and I simply wanted to compare.For the first time I played this on steam there was something I noticed right off the bat; this wasn't the game I ordered. The game I ordered supposedly was a game that included ripping clothes, unrealistically bouncing breasts, amazing sweat details and an online function. Instead I got this poor copy that desparately tries to winover people through an amazingly bad arcade mode and a story mode that I have never bothered to play because it's♥♥♥♥♥♥Morethan the game I ordered, this game has amazing character art and I believe they are rendered better here than that on the PS4. The usual characters people know and love are more beautiful here than in any release. I for one believed that Marie Rose here is extremely cute because of the impressive attention to detail the development team gave to her.However, like the game i ordered, unless you love a character so much that you rather stare at her get powerbombed to oblivion in the same 2 costumes over and over you will have to buy the costume pack that costs much more than the game which is apparently 'in discount' right now. When a game has a more expensive dlc than the game itself, you know something definitely went wrong somewhere... and there are two of them! Both more expensive than the actual game!You cannot play multiplayer with this game. I could probably play multiplayer with the game I ordered but not this one. You see the online function is not available yet. Of course if you want to, you could always play with another person beside you assuming you have two controllers but I do not recommend it unless you're trying to court that person. Play this game with him or her at night until your partner decides he or she wants to experience the same grappling your characters are doing on screen. Of course with the lack of the bouncing physics right now I could be wrong but maybe those well voice-acted moans and groans will still give you a chance. But who cares about multiplayer in a fighting game right? No biggie.There are more stages in the game I ordered than in this game. I am not entirely sure why they cut out two stages from the game. Cutting features off is always a bad thing. Speaking of cutting, I remember one time when I found out that the wallpaper I bought for my room was too long. So like an idiot i tried cutting it lengthwise by myself and accidentally stabbed my left hand. There was lots of blood and I think the cut was at least half an inch deep. The first thing I did was to stop the bleeding then check for any strings I might've cut. After that I told myself never to- oh right, the game!The arcade mode for this game is utter garbage. After beating eight people? I'm not really too sure since I was too busy complaining to steamsupport for not giving me the game i ordered. You are rewarded with a bunch of achievements. Cool, i got an achievement for losing once, there isn't many out there that pat you on the back for ♥♥♥♥ing up. But anyway, if you hate those games that offer a good cinematic ending after completing the arcade mode then rejoice for the only reward you get other than some achievements, and a different color of the initial costumes you were given is a rest from the game by being sent back to the menu screen.You remember super street fighter four, blaz blue and even marvel versus capcom's feature where characters sometime say different lines when fighting specific opponents? It's not in this game. By the end of one arcade mode you'll probably memorize the intro lines and ending lines of your character unless you're too mesmerized by her unbouncing breasts. I don't know if it's different from story mode, but I doubt it since the original team that made the game i ordered probably already wasted all the budget on the breast bouncing physics that's not on this game.Hmm... what else... the special is amazing... once. Unless you can use it properly to throw or slam your opponent to interactable places on the stage... which are few it gets pretty stale pretty fast. Sure it's always fun to see your character kick her opponent up crashing against a helicopter but to do this not only do you need to position your opponent properly in front of the helicopter but also need to be at relatively low health. So perfectionists who want to end the fight with a finishing move can suck a salty sausage.The amount of characters is also good. They finally completed all the standard requirements for an eye candy game by adding a loli. We now have a big boobed heroine, an equally large breasted rival, the generic goody goody guy, a hideyoshi, a sadistic woman, an overly serious man, a ninja, some hurly burly man for those sadistic needs and a jailbait; I think we have the complete set.The soundtrack is okay... Well, no, I personally think the tune in the beginning was too loud. It felt like the developers were conditioning you to get pumped up for some multiplayer battle but with the absence of an online function it's now just some pretentious generic tune. Only Marie Rose had a good character soundtrack. Everyone else felt like they had generic tunes partnered with them just for the sake of them having a tune each.There are already mods for this game but since other people are working on them and not the hardworking developers who didn't give me the game I ordered I am not giving the game any points for that. Overall maybe in three months this game will look like the game I ordered but I'm not sure I'll still have this in my library by then. For now, I recommend to everyone to look away from this game, no matter how much those breasts in the posters tempt you."
,Not Recommended,311730,15131443,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Sehtycs,3.75/10 to many features.
,Not Recommended,311730,16512095,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cromith,"My first impression was that the game wasn't as bad as people were making it out to be but over time I started noticiing small problems I had with the game myself.This does not work well with 3rd party controllers. You can bind the actions on your controller but the game would not recognize the triggers on my controller. There also seems to be a bit of input delay I havent experienced in any other game with the controller but it makes the counter and block systems even more of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to use.As far as content goes, the story mode takes a couple hours at most to beat and is mostly cutscenes. Skipping a cutscene also takes you to another cutscene instead of directly to the next fight. The best thing in this game was how much they added in the tutorial and combat practice. There is actually more practice material than singleplayer content.Visuals in the game are a little dated but the game overall doesnt look too bad. Things like the sweat and dirt accumulating during a fight are nice on the cinematics but during gamepaly I almost never noticed them making it a useless feature. Options and settings in this game are horrendous as well. The only graphical options are turning off sweat, dirt, and how jiggly the breast physics are. The game starts in window mode and the options for resolution are limited.This hasn't introduced much into the franchise that previous games didnt have and its doing nothing new in the genre. Overall its a good casual fighter to play with freinds and perhaps the online will be decent enough to make me revist this occasionally but as it stands now I would not reccomend picking it up unless it gets a decent sale."
,Not Recommended,311730,16812278,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Savage Walrus,"It's actually originally a good game with fun characters and mechanics that went wrong on PC especially given it's the ONLY version with no lobbies. Too many missing features that are unique to the PC version like missing a few stages, no destructable clothes, no upgraded textures, no **online lobbies** (I can't stress enough how stupid it is that only PC version has no lobby support), we got delays out the wazoo, less DLC purchase options (you have to buy them in bundles where as on console you could buy individual outfits), and poor communication with the PC community will leave especially older fans feeling neglected. I sadly can't give this version a recommend verdict at least until this version gets fair and equal treatment to its new gen console counter-parts. You really dropped the ball here, Tecmo. This used to be one of my favorite fighting game series, but it's really insulting how their PC fans are treated here.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=506864427"
,Not Recommended,311730,15539464,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Varaosa,ENG:FOR NOW F2P WITH EVEN MORE EXEPENSIVE DLC ADDONS! NO THANKS!FIN:NYT F2P PELINÄ JA VIELÄ KALLIIMMILLA DLC LISÄOSILLA! EI KIITOS!
76561198028022594,Not Recommended,311730,15131873,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,jangmi,"I have 350+ hours playing USF4 on Steam and was so glad to try another fighting game on PC.I preordered DoA5 the day before it launched, but didn't realize that1) There's no online play,2) No keyboard config (I'm a keyboard warrior)3) There's no Steam achievements.What good is a PC fighting game that you can't play online? I thought at least I could practice in training mode, but what good is practicing when I can't even set my keys? Isn't being able to set your own buttons a must-have in any fighting game...? Is it really beyond Tecmo to implement a keyboard config menu after months of delayed release? ...One of the other reviews called this game false advertisement... I have to agree this is the first time in a long time that I didn't get what I thought I was paying for. I don't have a large library and only play a few select games, but this is the first time I ever wished Steam had a refund policy."
,Not Recommended,311730,28736658,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sarkames,"I'll recommend this game when they add the ability to play online with people of your choice and not this terrible ranked-only matchmaking system they have in place. Better off playing Dead or Alive 4 on the Xbox 360 and hanging out in online lobbies with strangers. Would refund this if I could.I like making PRO and CON lists, so here's one:PROS:The actual gameplay is solid. Still everything I know and love from a DoA game.Jiggly boob physics for those people that like staring at virtual boobies all day.Don't have to hear other players' heavily breathing into the mic as they furiously jerk it to this game while fighting against you because NOBODY PLAYS THIS GAME ONLINE AND NEVER WILL.Game runs well, no surprise there. I get 60 FPS at 4k.The females in the game no longer have giant caveman feet. Nothing complements unrealistically large breasts like unrealistically large feet!New characters, even if half of them make no sense being here.Graphics slightly better than previous titles. They made the game prettier by injecting all sorts of post-processing in, but it's better than nothing.You can mod it. All the mods are probably just breast enhancement mods and nude mods, but at least the game supports it. The devs don't like it when you touch the game inappropriately like that, though.It's free to check how disappointing this game is.CONS:No online lobbies, only ranked matches where you can't find anybody and wait for the search box to repeatedly tell you it can't find anybody online until 30 minutes later when it finds an opponent and then the person disconnects. If you can find a game the netcode is either perfect or holy shitballs what is happening HOW DID THAT JUST HIT ME, YOU WERE 5 METERS AWAY.So anyway, final thoughts: Game is actually pretty good if you don't mind playing alone. Otherwise it's awful. STAY AWAY."
,Not Recommended,311730,15264747,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,[CPC] Shinssue,"Dead Or Alive 5: Last Round PC Is Basically Just A PS3 PortEFFECTS: Equivalent to PS3® versionSHADOWS: Equivalent to PS4™ version Toggle on/offSTAGES: The Danger Zone and The Crimson are not included.CHARACTER SELECTION: Equivalent to PS4™ versionONLINE MODES: Scheduled to be added via patch within 3 months of release.PC port can a be a good deal... for 15€ during Steam sold if online come, 5€ without."
,Not Recommended,311730,15141280,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Aozn,"All I can say is just... wow, what a disappointment.In all honesty this is my first Dead or Alive game I've played and it was a complete let down.- controller lay out is horrible (who puts the menu button as right stick instead of the start button!?)- lack of options for graphics and resolutions (I use 1440x900 aspect 16:10... the suggested PLAYER fixes did not work)- steam overlay when has a major delay for me (to typeing in chat theres a major delay to the point i end up 4 sentances ahead)- dispite graphics being on high, they look as if they are set on low (personal gripe since this is supose to be a modern graphical game)In general, pre-ordering this game was a mistake. The DLC they have for it is WAY over priced and the game is just not worth the $40 they want nor the -10% off ($35)... to me it would only be worth it at 75% off.The only thing this game as going for it is the Boob Physics and thats not even worth it.."
,Not Recommended,311730,15133322,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,"Sometimes you don't need to play too long to get an impression out of a game. This one is one of those games! If you've played DOA before or DOA5 on consoles, there isn't much that can be said about the game. However if you are planning to get it on PC, be prepared for some serious issues. Assuming you've managed to overlook them all, you may find some fun out of it, but my best advice would be to wait for a steam sale to get this game.The bad:All things you would expect on a PC game are not supported. Seriously, just read the game description/read the reviews/videos on it. That's pretty much it! Nothing more to add to that.The good:Finally DOA on PC/Steam after so long.The UGLY:Game cost 39.99 or 35.99 on preorder. Bunch of outfits in a bundle cost 54.99 and 64.99!Verdict:WTF is wrong with game publishers/developers? Publishers are a**holes who don't know how to please their customers and just want money. Developers develop games ON PC FOR CONSOLES, yet when they put it back for PC, they fail miserably. If these are developers who write programmes in games, I don't know how they even got their job. I sometimes wonder, if they would have any job had it not been the consoles that are lowering their programming skill. Or is it that they are just too lazy to work on their damn coding?Anyway. Save the trouble. Wait for (finger crossed) some patches and/or steam sale if you really want to play the game on PC. I'm sure with it's current rating, the price for the game and its stupid outfit bundles will drop fast enough for eveyrone to grab in not so far future."
,Not Recommended,311730,15135001,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ButtCrackington,"THE THUMB DOWN IS NOT MY FINAL DECISION!Well i have mixed feelings with this, i have an i7 2600k, GTX 660 at 1080p and it runs flawlessly, even playing in the keyboard can get tricky at first but its not as messy as i would've thoughtMY ISSUES HERE AREGraphics, in a way i have to say i felt a bit disappointed, maybe because i had WAAAY TOO HIGH expectations, or the game doesnt looks as good as i thought it would, or the graphical port was way too poor, but i've been reading some comments saying that the game looks just as the PS4 version (which in a way makes me feel a bit disappointed for the PS4)And my biggest issue here, i mean, this is supposed to be the final release, no more tricks or moves under the table right? all included, characters, stages and all that stuff, then why the hell im seeing all of the outfits locked? my first theory was, ""Well maybe i have to unlock them in the good old Dead Or Alive Fashion...all right cool! that encourages me to play the game more!"".....my horror comes when i see 2 deadly DLCs of outfits THAT COST 100 DOLLARS!! WTH!?!?!?! YOU CAN BUY 3 COPIES OF THE GAME WITH THAT!!!I mean seriously, i dunno if im being a bit too harsh but that was just a effing low move :S other than that i have to say that the gameplay is quite enjoyable, i still hope fixes are released to make the game even better as of now i will reserve my opinion of whether to recommend it or not"
,Not Recommended,311730,28929781,Posted: 1 January,all,DJ Zak,Team Ninja's decision to simply port the last gen version (rather than the PS4/X-One version they're clearly showing preferential treatment for) to PC leaves a bad taste in my mouth and tarnishes an otherwise enjoyable experience.Cannot recommend.
76561198094016953,Not Recommended,311730,22190086,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Neonseraphim,"I was one of the people that pre-ordered it and when find out that it was going to be a lesser version of the PS4 and Xbone I cancelled my subscription nad got it ona a Steam sale for less that 19 bucks, then it was worth the price, however rarely play it, if is jsut a big insult from Tecmo Koei to the PC gaming comunity, they rae going to have to work really hard to earn my trust again."
,Not Recommended,311730,24243932,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Renegade:B.A.N.N.E.R.,"Honestly.  I bought  it, played it, modded it, nude modded it,  and still never got the experience of real online fighting I was asking for.  Seriously, I jumped into Ultra Street Fighter 4 and got Bison stomped the ♥♥♥♥ out and still had a better experience then I ever did in this gam.  I rather play the Dreamcast DoA's then to suggest this game to anyone.At the time of this review the cosmetic dlc is at $700 and clibing and to me if thats not an indication that this game is just being fleshed out as a cash grab then I have no idea what is."
,Not Recommended,311730,21295452,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ritouseiki,"When I bought this game I thought it would be better. I was so mistaken. Where to begin?Graphics are okay. I like them. But knowing that it uses the PS3 graphics instead of the improved PS4 ones, shows a lack of care coming from the devs.The overpriced DLCs. Sure, those are optional content, simple eyecandy; but most of them have this tag: 'Outfit damage not available in Steam version' Really? So basically, you're paying a high sum of cash to get a content that's been limited.And the online, it doesn't work. I tried several times to connect, but it's unable to find people.To me, it's already too late to get a refund, but if I could, I'd do it without doubt."
,Recommended,311730,29820995,Posted: 10 February,all,Polanovski,"Since it's free-to-fap... uh I mean free-to-play, I only play it for about 4 or 5 rounds and got bored because there's nothing you can do unless you buy a ton of DLC's.. but hey the boobs physics was great tho! Thumbs up just for that."
,Not Recommended,311730,15127734,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Min,Kunoichi(Broken Princess) is better.
76561198068097865,Recommended,311730,32747858,Posted: 24 June,all,JuneDreamer,"Only buy this game when it's on sale, it is NOT worth the price, but if you can pick it up cheap, like right now it's 16 bucks, get it, it's a fun game, with a big roster."
,Not Recommended,311730,20390962,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SC | Nota,"I loved playing this game on console as I also have it on the Xbox 360. One of the most fun parts about it was being able to play online in Lobby Matches with friends. For all the problems this port has including missing stages and imperfect net code, I would still be fine with all of that if I had some form of online play available aside from Ranked Match making.The lack of lobbies makes playing this with your friends nearly impossible and as a long time Dead or Alive series fan(I've owned all of them from 1-5 LR), I feel this is just simply unacceptable. This series has been my favorite fighting game series since I've came across it as a teenager, but this port still isn't truly finished.If lobby match making is ever added, I will change my review to recommended. Until then, I feel you should avoid this specific port of the game until the developers allow you to actually be able to play with your friends and not only force you into serious ranked match making with complete strangers."
,Not Recommended,311730,15243462,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,inverse404,"Totally abysmal PC port, total ripoff incomplete PS3-version of the game, thanks TeamNinja, last time doing business with you."
,Not Recommended,311730,16635496,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,213372bu,"Pretty disappointing.--As someone who loves at 3D fighters, I was pretty hyped when a PC port was announced. Then, towards launch, news kept flooding in about this not having the same stages and features as their console counter-parts. As a result I held off on buying it until a Steam Summer Sale in order to try it for myself.Good news is that this thing can actually work well on lower end pcs and laptops.Bad news is everything else. There is no achievement support. THERE WILL BE NO ONLINE SUPPORT FOR ANOTHER WEEK. And better yet, the only way to mod-in the stages TK left out is to illegally pirate the game, meaning that those who paid are stuck on the bad end. There is also an issue where this weird♥♥♥♥♥filter is put over the game, which is not present in the console versions, and the only way to make it look normal, once again, is to download a cracked version after you've already paid for it!For instance, there are some cool mods like Tekken and Shenmue costumes that work for various characters. However due to TK's openly hostile approach to PC users, it won't work in vanilla!Hopefully another 3D fighter comes to Steam and puts this game to shame.Edit: I was asked to update this so I will very briefly:Achievements work. So I'll give a standing ovation for that. Truly a pariah among developers.Online is horrible and hackers are using trainers there on day one.So, once again, I reccomend anyone who likes 3D fighters, or hell just DoA in general, to NOT buy this feature incomplete game."
,Not Recommended,311730,21919080,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Riou,really bad PC port.. don't buy it
,Not Recommended,311730,22097313,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Saint iGNUcius,"They FINALLY get the online working, and as we feared it took them so long that by the time it was up everyone had forgotten about the game. I can't tell you how well it was implemented, because it wouldn't be fair to gauge it on its effacacy when I can only get opponents who are ~500-2000 miles away.Also, last gen graphics and just yet another iteration of the DoA formula are not worth $19.99 ""on sale"" a full year after the PC release.If you're reading this and it's $7.50 or lower then give it a shot for DoA nostalgia if you don't have your old consoles lying around, but other than those brief few moments of reliving the movesets I can't say I recommend this, especially with so many other good fighting games having made their way onto the Steam platform."
,Not Recommended,311730,31902084,Posted: 22 May,all,RukaFurie[ID],"3/10 ""Do not waste your money without Lobby Match (Most important features)""+ Rock Paper Scissors- Graphic in PS3 class- No damage costume- No booby shake and turn camera angle with Dualshock or any other gamepad- Bug and game crashes during online match / finding opponent- Hacker all around the Leaderboards- No standalone DLC for each character / downloadable Catalog? No Softengine (Who cares ?)*But i'd recommended to play the free version*"
,Not Recommended,311730,20707753,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Neptunia,Originally I wrote a good review cause I had faith but honestly they gave us nothing but the short end. PS3 model not the current gen thats out. Can't buy dlc for one character have to buy the packs which are priced more than they are worth. Missing stages some dlc isn't breakable but in the current gen it is. Online play didn't come till 6 months later when it was promised at 3.
,Not Recommended,311730,28932982,Posted: 2 January,all,jtib,Torn on this.Game is lots of fun!Developers disregard their fans...
,Not Recommended,311730,29838918,Posted: 10 February,all,Cerebral Paladin,The game is great as long as you don't want to play online with your friends. Gameplay and local MP work flawlessly. But there is only Ranked Play and no way to setup private matches with friends. You have to both set similiar conditions in a ranked search and hope to get lucky. Had I known this from the start U would not have purchased.
,Not Recommended,311730,19984698,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Remrie,"Paid for this game and it is stuck at the screen notifying player game saves automatically, and asks them to press A / M to continue. HappyWheels is less annoying than this.Edit, I went out and bought a Xbox One controler (Microsoft official) which functions only with a wired connection to PC (at least to my knowledge), and it also hasn't had any affect.As mentioned in a discussion post, it was recommended to disable any/all incompatible USB controllers, specifically game controlers. I did have to disable my Logitech G13 to make this game work past the previous menu point.However, I found once in a fight, the default control schemes A, B, C, and D all have limited functions. As such, A only allows someone to punch and crouch. I have to use a custom control scheme to make it work, and it follows the default A scheme closely/exactly, but I have to remove the tag command and thus cannot fight a tag match AND be able to swap characters mid fight. I have to let one die before the other fights, unless I want to go into the menue, change the controls, swap the characters, and redo the entire process.The gameplay as of now is ""Meh"" but enjoyable, but not worth the frustration for the price at almost any discount. Especially if you use macros a lot."
,Not Recommended,311730,16814929,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Izayoi,"I have a computer with pretty decent specs, but this game runs super slow.  Also, what's up with no new stages?"
,Not Recommended,311730,20692362,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,togera13 | kickback.com,"Long story shortThey had the guts to add another overpriced dlc instead of fixing the highly buggy/poorly ported gameI do not plan on getting another game from team ninja after this.Overall this game is not bad if you have never bought/played the ps4/xbox one versions and don't care about random slow mo voice, frame rate drops, missing stages, poor online, some controller issues, and bugs.I had Dead or alive 5 plus on the PsVita and even bought some dlc (Ryu hayabusa skins) and I am OK with this game only because the only other one I own is the xbox version so this game was basically a More characters+stage+costumes DLCI can not recommend this game in its current state I hope team ninja will decide to return to this game (NOT FOR DLC PURPOSES AND GREED NEXT TIME) and fix it.Basically get this game if you don't have a Ps4/Xbox One and have never played DOA"
76561198044838248,Not Recommended,311730,18584670,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,soberAFreak,"Dead or alive 5 is a good game, but the port is terrible. The graphics are half ""last-get"" and half ""current-gen"", there are very little graphical options. DLC is completely over priced. It's easier to mod the pirated game than it is the actual game. Multiplayer was added to the game WAYYY to late, then very little work seemed to be put into it when it was eventually added.These company that ported this game are known for bad ports, and they haven't failed to live up to there name."
,Not Recommended,311730,20212483,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,- ?¿ Mw,PC version of this game is so underdeveloped it ♥♥♥♥ing hurts. This game ♥♥♥♥ing killed my hype harder than any other game lmao
76561197987313376,Not Recommended,311730,19831658,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Azebakh,"To many bugs, no trace of any lobby, no group fight... Pc version is realy behind."
,Not Recommended,311730,15140497,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Enoshima,"Dead or Alive... Oh how I love this game. Since DOA2U all the way up to DOA5U, I have enjoyed this series thoroughly and when I heard they were porting it to PC I was ecstatic. Oh and before you judge my playtime as credibilty, I have over 300 hours playtime on DOA5 and DOA5U, I've played enough to form an opinion of Last Round. Now that you know my background with the series and how much I enjoy it hopefully you will trust me when I say not to buy this game unless it's on sale. Why you may ask? Well lets get right down to that.Dead or Alive 5 Last Round is the third and final installment of the orignal Dead or Alive 5. The second installment DOA5U added many features such as the ability to change the soundtrack and even the breast physics. There were new game modes such as Team Battle and the training mode was enhanced even more, making it easier to master your favourite characters. New stages, costumes and characters were also implemented. DOA5LR was meant to be the next gen version of DOA5U; whilst they were only adding 2 new stages and some new characters, the graphical improvement alone was worth the upgrade. Except the steam version isn't getting half of this.Wanted those new next-gen graphics? Haha nope.Wanted the remasters of 2 great stages in DOA? Haha nahhh.How about even being able to run a PS3 game on max settings with a smooth 60fps? Better have a rig that costs £1000.Oh you want a simple cloud saving system so you don't have to back up saves? Nope, too complicated.Fancy a steam name change? Well prepare to lose all your save data.Want to play online with a friend? Not for the next 3 months you can't.Might as well rename it to Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate 2.0.All of those and more... Yes. More. No longer are costumes being sold individually, or even in well managed sets! Team Ninja has gotten so greedy that they're now packing multiple sets in to huge DLC bundles which cost more than the bloody game itself! If you're like me and you bought costumes individually for £1 then you're probably going to have to stick with what comes with the game. Shame that... Really wanted Officer Marie Rose. Also please, if you in any way shape or form try to sympathise with this marketing scheme then you're absolutely deluded.Furthermore, chances of user created content being made for the game is very slim. Team Ninja threatened modders, stating that content they create should be ""Moral"" and if it's not then they will refuse another PC DOA release. Now I'm sorry but if by moral they mean nude mods then they need to get a grip. Lei Fang's pre-purchase costume literally ONLY covers her nipples. The real message TN was trying to get across is that they're worried that people will make costume mods thus making their content redundant. I'm sorry TN but even if they weren't any costume mods, I will not pay the price of a triple A game for some costumes. If you think they were worried about nude mods then ask yourselves this: Why are they holding competitions for players to make their own costumes? Surely we can just mod them in anyway? No. They want to sell our ideas back to us and if that doesn't disgust you along with all the other ♥♥♥♥-ups then you're part of the problem.Team Ninja has neglected the PC release terribly. Examples of this can be seen in the way they advertised the game. Trailers showing all the content such as stages and graphics were on the steam page for this game before release. ""Before release?"" I hear you ask. Yes. They removed the trailer shortly after they announced that the PC version was not going to have half the features. They also refused to make any statements about why they have done what they've done and completely ignored anyone asking for answers about the PC release. Meanwhile they were happily promoting their £50 DLC packs on twitter and facebook whilst twiddling their thumbs.Team Ninja also delayed this game for 6 weeks in order to give the ""best experience possible."" I'm sorry but this is not the best experience possible. Not only is the game missing all these features but it's not even optimised properly. I'm sorry but when I can run Battlefield 4 on ultra at 60fps but can't run a PS3 game at max, you know there's a problem. So yes, you will need an i7 to run this last gen port.I'm sorry if this was long but Team Ninja has really ♥♥♥♥ed up with this. I've lost all respect for the company and I'll be damned if I ever forgive them unless they update the game to be on par with the next-gen versions. Unfortunately it's already clear that we've been forgotten and we'll be lucky to even get character balance patches. Whilst this game is very fun and I'll probably still play it a lot seeing as I can't get an Xbone or a PS4, you shouldn't waste your money on it if you can afford to get it on a next-gen console. That or pick it up in a sale. And hey, if you must have your DOA like me, then just fricking wait for a sale PLEASE DEAR GOD. Maybe things will change once online is implemented and I can do a Team Ninja and falsely advertise the game to my friends so I have more people to play with.TL:DR: If you've never played a DOA then yeah get this game but if you played a lot of Ultimate and the orignal 5 either wait for a sale or get it on next-gen. Oh and to TN; get a grip and stop treating your customers like money makers.EDIT: I'd just thought I'd mention that there's a SweetFX preset for DOA5LR if you look in the guides section for this game on Steam. With a bit of tweaking you can make the game look ultra sexy! Whilst this doesn't excuse the abscence of PS4 graphics, it does make it look way better than a last gen port!."
76561198068347804,Recommended,311730,15266185,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Mog of War,"DOA is a great fighting game and now its made its way to PC!The port is basically a mix of the PS3 and PS4 versions of the game (the arcade version if you want to get technical).It brings with it a base PS3 port with the PS4 shaders and the toggles for hairstyles and glasses.It however, doesnt bring the 3 extra stages from the PS4/X1 version or the Soft Engine.The port has basic control over its graphics settings, allowing you to adjust the resolution, enable/disable shadows, change the quality of the shadows and enable/disable AA with these 3 options: FXAA,SSAAx2 and SSAAx4**EDIT** Online has now been officially added and is working fairly wellWith the game, comes all 34 characters including all DLC characters like Phase 4, Marie Rose, Nyotengu, Raidou and Honoka.**EDIT** 2 more characters have been added as purchasable DLC, Mai from King of Fighters and Natora II from Dynasty Wariors (They arent included in the base game and require an additional purchase)There's a heap of costume packs from the original DOA5 and DOA5U games.These Include:From The Original DOA5 Release- Players Swimware Pack- Hotties Swimware Pack- Santa Costume Pack- Chearleader Costume Pack- Round 3 School Uniforms- Round 3 Gym Class Uniforms- Round 3 Special Costumes- Round 1 Costume Pack- Kitty Pack- What a Character Pack- Special Set Pack- Angels Pack- Devils Pack- DOATEC Divas Pack- China Pack- Special Set 3- Formal Wear Pack- Fighter Wear PackAnd From DOA5U- Legacy Costumes Pack- Sports Gear Pack- Intimate Costumes Pack- Warriors Orochi 3 Ultimate Costumes Pack- Casual Collection 1 Pack- Casual Collection 2 Pack- Santa's Helpers Pack- Yaiba Costume Pack- 2013 Halloween Pack (an extra for PC. for the lack of online upon launch)With all these DLC's included it kinda eliminates the need to purchase more (well... for me anyway) especially since they have only released DLC in huge bundles worth $55+USD which in my opinion is way too much. Hopefully they will release smaller packs or even individual costumes in the future...All in all, the port performs well. Keeping a steady 60fps during gameplay and a steady 30fps during cutscenes (they're capped at 30 for some reason...), the game looks great and its heaps of fun versing others online!7.5/10 (+1.5 if soft engine is implemented, extra stages added and textures improved as per next gen console versions, +0.5 if DLC is broken up into smaller packs)Keep in mind this review is just my opinion. it is likely your views on the port are different to mine :)That being said, the dev doesn't seem to give a damn about the PC community so really... dont expect much support from them"
76561198136095932,Not Recommended,311730,15140438,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,IMPLWK-MYY,想钱想疯了？很多人用这话说EA，但我想说EA的游戏投资有多少？至少本来就是面向PC的吧，你这么没诚意，让别人怎么开开心心的玩？这游戏是不是移植的我真不清楚，但如果是的话，移植一下PS4的和PS3的难度差距不大吧，本来游戏成本就不高。我倒不是为了那什么丧病的引擎，画面我一直是很在乎的。还有那么多没解锁的衣服难不成是DLC？诚意很重要，我知道这公司不是赚不到主机的钱，但是没有人敢得罪PC，因为PC是王道。得罪PC是会有下场的
,Not Recommended,311730,18862778,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,nco2k,"if you liked doa2, you will hate doa5. the single player mode is ok i guess. the story mode sucks though. and the online mode is an insult to every gamer out there. if you like buggy netcodes, 10fps battles, random crashes, camera glitches and a ton of script kiddies, you should totally buy this game. otherwise dont.. just dont."
,Not Recommended,311730,29337332,Posted: 18 January,all,Chiisun,"I used to believe japanese developers were respectable. I learned my lesson. I won't buy any tekmo game ever, unless one comes out that is truly pc focused. Even then, I will hesitate.Also they still didn't give us lobbies, as if they were THAT hard to implement. I actually paid for the game at preorder price."
76561198006849221,Not Recommended,311730,21799527,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rjazz2,"This could've been so much more. And, really?? $80 for DLC outfits??!!! Those better come with a Tesla Model 3 car because that price is RIDICK. CULOUS."
76561198244078162,Not Recommended,311730,33400788,Posted: 9 July,all,Laptop_Player,"It sucks don't waste money or time on it just play the story(can't remember if it's free), get some mobs not need to waste your money on DLC(there is an skin of Nier somewhere on the wed ypu can get for free). play the cpu online. the lag is like 8 frames for commands so your character would stand there like a total idiot before it decide to do something. Ninjas are overpower/broken if you are a bottom smasher just main ayane and you won't even need to do the tutorial to domain everyone online. want to play Marie Rose or Honoka? just wait for senran Kagura Splash or Mosuo Stars, they are both easyly outmatch for 99% of the cast. everyone online uses Ryo, Hayate, Ayane, Kasumi, hitomi. You would see Mila, tina, Sarah, Jam lee, wang once in a blue moon. You only Would be having fun when fighting Notari II, Christine, Momoni, Mai(I guess), Nyutengu and pretty much find it boring/annoying with everyone else. Also rather that trying to master this game you could probably learn Japanese, import a PS4 and a copy of Musou Stars fom JP and it would be a lot easier and cheaper that playing this game. By the way there is like around 200 or so player online between 7 & 9AM PST and around 100 the rest of the day. Tekken 7 has around 4,000 all day long so yeah only those who bought their chackles by buying DLC are playing this game. And not you can't play just a hand (go pkay Gal Gun instead is in steam)."
76561198111312528,Not Recommended,311730,20183544,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Chronochaos,Played the X-box version and found out content was cut. DLC is overpriced and don't even work like the console version.Recommend NOT buying if you have a console but if you don't think VERY CAREFULY EVEN IF IT IS ON SALE.
76561198100439658,Not Recommended,311730,20024972,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Gerald_Tiger,"DOA5 is a good fighting game, but the DLC packs are a joke on PC. They are overpriced and the graphics are better in new generation consoles. I cannot recommend this game for PC."
,Not Recommended,311730,18272573,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,rdmx,"It's hard to ignore the fact that the PC version of DOA5LR is a second-rate version of the game.Tecmo Koei has opted to port the PS3 / Arcade version of the game instead of the more up-to-date PS4 version.This means that new stages are missing from the PC port, and new graphical features (such as the 'Soft Engine') are missing from the PC version.It's taken many months for online functionality to come to the PC version (promised to come soon after launch), without any lobby support! Only ranked matchmaking is supported.The (optional) cosmetic DLC is only available in expensive packs, and you can't pick costumes for just your favourite characters. Additionally, the clothing damage feature on some of the costumes is not available on PC (as it's based off the PS3 version, not the PS4 version).I would greatly hesitate to support another Tecmo Koei game on PC until they show they can treat PC players with respect."
,Recommended,311730,15507650,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Krakens,"Considering the reviews are mixed I'll throw my 2cents inThis is port of most recent title in the Dead or Alive franchise, it runs fairly well even on weaker PCs which is good. The mechanics are the strongest they've ever been in the series and the cast is very diverse and unique, even the males are interesting even though they're overshadowed by the girls. People love the TnAThe major downsides of the port at the time of this reivew is no online at launch, but hopefully that'll be remedied soon. Assuming it runs well the game should really pick up.Most negitive reviews here are just complaining about the DLC. Anyone who expected the costume catalog that team ninja has built since the games original release (2012) to be free has no experience with these types of things. While it would be nice, it would completely undermine their own profits. Buying the costumes add nothing to the game other then your own visual stimulation.  They could have divided them up more efficently, but having them in the chunks isn't so bad either. I'd be interested in seeing the cost between versions of the games.One major downside is no soft engine/new stage from the Xbox One and Playstation 4 versions, but I can excuse that since adding them likely would kill weaker machines without deep optimization.  I've been a fan of the series this the first game, DOA5LR is the best version hands down. Not all fighting games can actually continue to improve and impress with each new version.Pros:-Wonderful character design on the entire roster-Unique 3d fighting system you won't find elsewhere-Diverse and destructable stages-Large varity of characters with a large varity of costumes for each-Will run on mediocer PCs-MOD SUPPORT-Cons:-No soft engine-DLC pricing for costume sets can be a turn off (but all characters are included)-No online at launchWhen online launches I'll edit this with more details.tl;dr Best DOA yet, haters are just people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about COSMETIC ONLY dlc, no online yet though.EDIT: Not a very good port, Core Fighters might fix things but at the moment game still isn't worth it at full price."
76561198065620611,Not Recommended,311730,19775258,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,kaelchan,"It's an incomplete game with ridiculously expansive DLC. I know the game developers are mad at people who are making nude mode all around, but why must other real fighting game players suffer the consequence as well?No MP mode, downgraded soft engine plus a unfairly priced DLC (DLC customes are cheaper on other platform and they can be purchased separately)?Don't buy the game, or buy it on other platform."
76561198168965887,Not Recommended,311730,20709960,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Blackdragon69xs,"The game is incomplete, it is fun to play but if you hav the oppotunity to play it on consoles where the complete and finished version is at, don't waste your cash buying it here, that being said it is a very good game but the lack of any lobby system, a somewhat strange rank system and non steam cloud achievements not to mention the net code... buy it on console not on steam"
76561198001372042,Not Recommended,311730,16603544,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hurt Me Plenty,"Looks like the multiplayer mode in ""up to 3 months after game release on steam"" was a scam...EDIT: Even more scams! Right from their store page:""Your wait's almost over! The Online Patch (Rank Match) will go live at the end of the month! Thanks for your patience!""I was waiting until the very first day of the month but at the end of august I was like 100% sure there will be no online multiplayer and... now it's 1 september and online mode is still not available.Over 5 months has passed since the game was released on steam and there is still no online mode.EDIT2: Ok. It's 1 October 2015 so after a over half year they finally added online multiplayer OUTSIDE beta (about time!). They even added working achievements (I'm not into achievements but that's nice too). Unfortunately online multiplayer have only 2 options: you can play ranked match against RANDOM opponent - solo or tag game (you can't play with your friends.. lol..) and you can check the ranked leaderboards. That's all. I still wasn't able to remap keyboard controls...So... I still can't recommend this game because it's still lacks of controls keys rebind and the online multiplayer don't have option to play with friends. When they add these 2 things (or atleast the online multiplayer with friends) I could easily recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,311730,16886370,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Tentacles,"This game don't work! You have to opt into the beta just to get to the point where you can customize the resolution!Apparently nobody expected anyone to want to see the characters on the screen, while playing on the pc.MORONS!The DLC for this game costs more than most other games. Those prices are LUDICROUS. And they're for a NONFUNCTIONAL GAME.I very rarely complain about games being of poor quality because I have quite a library to choose from, but this is atrocious. The developers apparently think this is a game you'd want to spend over $300 on. They're out of their damned minds. Avoid this game or you will be burned, I guarantee it. This game needs to be rescued by a third party developer in order to be salvaged because I can't trust this team to not screw it up again."
,Not Recommended,311730,18088936,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,크리,+great 3D fighttinggood performanceMomiji <3-lazy devs that cant implement normal online functionalityno lobbyno soft skin shaders/dx11 grapichsno new stages♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly packed costumes
76561198046968132,Not Recommended,311730,15150857,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Nuke it with water,"I tried to play this game but after a certain point it kept crashing. The graphics were okay, and the game handled pretty well, but this is a genuine rip off. I was given this as a gift before the changes came to light. If I had actually bought this, I would have asked for a refund when I found out the shady dealings they're doing. There's DLC that costs more than the game and it's literally just costumes. Now Team Ninja's warning about modding the game makes sense, they want you to pay extra for those outfits instead of letting the community unleash its creativity. Clearly they only put this on here to make a quick buck. *EDIT* It's come to my attention that the devs have made this game free to play now because the sales were so poor that they had to charge you per fighter. What an absolute and utter disgrace this pile of garbage is. Awful mess of a game, awful mess of a developer."
76561198018291587,Not Recommended,311730,15140467,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Wobbuffet,"The only good thing about this lazy port is that it is 4K compatible. But that is all. Look at the DLC and the only review it has. They charge you 60 EUROS/DOLLARS for a few costumes which halve of the advertised ones arn't even in.Team Ninja does not deserve your money, they talked about mutual respect from them and the gamers but it is very clear they value♥♥♥♥♥♥underneath their shoes more than us, their fans."
,Not Recommended,311730,15157218,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Dante Williams,"Played DOA on the PS3 and I loved it then as I do know, however for a PC version with many delays it's not what it could be.you get :a constant 60fps(except for cut scenes)4K supportA fantastic fightergreat local play for fighting a friendEnglish and Japanese audioHowever its problem is that it's a PS3 port from 3 years ago with nice but unsatisfactory graphics when the PS4 version already exists and the online is not working but will be put in in 3 months which is too long as the game will be most likely a memory by then.  DLC is overpriced when all they are is costumes, two levels are missing and the keyboard keys can't be re-binded. there are no achievements and no steamworks.As a result I CAN'T RECOMMEND this game in its current state.  If the game gets updated graphics to at least the PS4 version and gets the online in it will be a good purchase for the fighting enthusiast, until then however don't buy this unless it's in a sale. It's cheaper and probably wiser to get Mortal Kombat 9 or any other fighter than this in its current form.  I would change this review if it gets updated."
76561198034656096,Not Recommended,311730,22903857,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ThisFakinGuy,"Well, I want to give this game a good review, but I played it on PS4 recently. This version feels really half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'll start with whats good:Boobs, Ryu Hayabusa, and Jan Lee.I'd talk about game balance but I can't bring myself to play long enough to break down every character to see who's broken and who isn't.It still feels like a DoA game, which isnt bad at all, controls well, it doesn't feel too broken like a ""capcom vs"" game. Although counter timing seems a lot more precise than it used to be.Ok now for the badI'm gonna jump right on pricing as of May 10th, 2016 All the DLC together will run you $674.08. This game is $39.99, If that ain't ludacris then I have no idea what is.And on the subject of DLC, Naotora was added in a fairly recent patch, she shows up locked in the character screen, she even shows up in survival mode. But you still have to buy her. She's in the game. just sort of an inaccessible tease until you drop $6.00. If I'm wrong I'll hear about it in any comments.(At least Capcom hid Jill Valentine in their code, Tecmo didnt even try.)The story is poorly written, as in some characters kinda just show up for a match. with no real attmpts to justify them appearing other than to make you try out every character (except the VF5 guest stars)Online isn't good, apparently there was an error on my end causing me to miss the boat when online became playable around September or October 2015. Still, even after breaking through hosting messes I'm seeing a few slowdowns in the nearly nonexistant matches, even after turning the graphics into mud.If you wan't to try it, wait for a price drop or get the ps4 version."
,Not Recommended,311730,15154241,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,tencheenian,"Purposely rip off soft engine and particle effect from a ecosystem that might potentially has better hardware spec than PS4 or XB1? I guess this is the only strategy for KT to sell the price in game consoles at higher price. Or KT plan to sell those particle effect and soft engine as DLC later?I am confused by the pricing, it was initially MYR75 before release. After release, the price shoot up to MYR139?????Besides that, I really dont like KT strategy on Steam release. Why on earth you purposely not give PC gamer a game has better graphic than PS4 and XB1? You did it on DW8 now on DOA5LR. I dont get it, do you think we STEAM user can pay at the same price console players can? !@#$%^&*( If i know this game has PS3 only features, i will not preorder this game at all."
76561198149594482,Not Recommended,311730,16663912,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DropDeadCulture,"the whole gameplay throughout the game, means nothing without the comparisons of the ps4 verison, clothes ripped off, extra clothes, and ONLINEEEEE....I'm no horndog, but paying for this game even at a low price is still not worth it. I'm sorry."
76561197986076678,Not Recommended,311730,15134373,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,timse203,"No online gaming?No graphic settings to change to fullscreen instead of this tiny window?cant change keybindings, great!Not even the same graphics like on a console?what i bought here smells like a scam. sad i preordered it that early and didnt canceled it"
,Not Recommended,311730,15136153,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Preath,"If you (the developers) cant keep it up on par with the other platforms with its true quality and features, leaving us with an unfinished, weird port, maybe you shouldnt have marketed it under the same name as the other platforms (current gen)."
,Not Recommended,311730,21744675,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Chipface,"Dead or Alive 5 Last Round is a superb game just like the variants before it, but putting aside the nickel and diming there's too much wrong with the PC version(performance not being an issue, game runs nicely).  The PC version lacks stages from the console versions and the graphics aren't as good as the PS4 and XBone versions.  Also, no Steam cloud.My major gripe with with this version though is the button bindings.  Sure you can bind fighting controls to whatever but non fighting controls are messed.  I have a custom arcade stick that's dual modded with a Mad Catz 360 controller and a ChImp SMD.  I can use my stick in either ChImp or 360 mode.  If I use it in ChImp mode, I have to use the first button on the top(or 1P) as the confirm button, the first button on the bottom(or 1K) becomes cancel.  With every other fighter, 1K and 2K are confirm and cancel.It gets worse with an Xinput controller.  The pause button isn't start, it's bound to the right stick(which you have to press down).  That may not be too bad if you're using an Xinput pad but if you're using an Xinput arcade stick you don't have a pause button.This could easily be fixed if Team Ninja were to make a patch that allows you to bind everything like Ultra Street Fighter IV on PC allows, but they won't do that.  And because of that I don't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,311730,20313517,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,reficul,"You can't play against your friends onlinecause there is no lobby matchBunch of Full price DLC (no costume breaking, no transforming)Fool port from acade version not PS4For your best experience possible don't recomend this gameI Don't Think This KT Will Make a Lobby Match"
,Not Recommended,311730,20568977,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Viciousalicious,"Game runs fine, even on my 5 year old rig. Lots of outfits to unlock. Online works.... sometimes. That's if anyone is playing. but if you wanna have a fun local fight, sure. Don't buy it for online."
76561198007330588,Not Recommended,311730,26691721,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Crisis,This gameWhat can I say.I was really disapionted.and this is a dlc nightmare. selling dlc as expensive as the game itself was.made me really hate this game.The story was also much to be desired.overall it was bad.The only good thing was the nice grapics but the game itself failed..
76561198083188648,Not Recommended,311730,15156048,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Luthien,"This game runs smoothly on my PC. In some stages such like the dust from Ninja Gaiden3, the movement of characters is a little bit slow. I can't say it is a good port to PC. A lot of things that make DOA DOA are missing. And the DLCs for this PC version is supper overpriced, $55+$65, from which KT's attitude to the mod community is expectable.So I don't recommend you to buy this game and its DLCs at this time. Wait until the online feature out or the price get down."
,Not Recommended,311730,15155357,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Professor Chaos,"No online support out the gate is dissapointing and lack of support for 1080p 16:10 res is sad. graphics for game look dated at best and the facial animations are abysmal. also the keyboard placement, which cannot be changed, is baffling. Besides all this, the game itself is pretty decient. with a few patches adding effects that were supposed to be in the ps4 version and add online i might recommend but at the moment i wouldnt buy it. All in all♥♥♥♥♥♥port good game."
76561198009735484,Not Recommended,311730,26614996,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,emyeuvietnam,why you make a game for pc if you not allow people to config it's control ? and the default control is a mess
,Not Recommended,311730,15149375,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,HELLFIRE SCORCHING,"CANNOT EVEN GET TO THE TITLE SCREEN. I PRESS M ON MY KEYBOARD AND I'M STUCK THERE. DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HORRIBLE PORT. I CAN'T EVEN PLAY IT... SERIOUSLY!Upsate (08/25/15)Okay I beilieve I should give more of a proper review rather than a simple rant.The gameplay is solid and I have spent hours on trying to unlock all the costomes available by playing the arcade multiple times. It is fun and I enjoy the gameplay. The characters are not too complicated to  pick up and play. The girls are still sexy. So far the game is great if it wasn't for the many things that is wrong with it in the first place, which brings me to the bad.The main problem right now is that there is still no online play, the game has been on the Steam Market for many months now that it still doesn't have online multiplayer. Supposedly there was a beta test a while back but it soon got taken down and TK announced there was going to be another delay and this time without a timeframe. My second issue is that there are problems using controllers for this game. Using any controller seems to have problems with mapping. For me the Right stick button seems to be the START button.So overall I will still give this game a thumbs down and that's because of Tecmo Koei's fault. They seem to have abandoned this game, I assume in retaliation over the nude mods that appeared on PC just a few weeks after the games release even after TK said no no no to that kind of modding. So I highly doubt we'll ever see DOAX3 on PC or any of the previous titles that's for sure.So overall I will only recommend this game for people that are huge fans of the game but don't buy it at full price.... buy it half off or less."
,Not Recommended,311730,18072451,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,GreeNXZA,"Actually, this is a good fighting game. But I don't want to recommend it because of bad port and released an unfinished version of the game (no online mode). 6/10"
76561197979026058,Not Recommended,311730,18234410,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,M1de23,"I cannot recommend this game, the very definition of a sub-standard console port due to extra features and stages included in the PS4/Xbox One versions currently missing here. Controller support is not adequate enough with trigger and shoulder buttons not working correctly and if you are using a Razer Atrox Xbox One fightstick, it is impossible to exit the game without having to Ctrl, Alt & Delete to close the application. So kiss your save progress goodbye... Really sad because we know Team Ninja can do so much better than this, what they did with the Xbox and Xbox 360 was incredible at the time."
76561198208347636,Not Recommended,311730,18370778,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,nabk82,Lack of keymapping for a game that is supposed to be played on a PC? Disappointed.
,Not Recommended,311730,18035340,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,ookami9000,Tired of the disappointments...
76561198159619195,Not Recommended,311730,15287771,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,oyalosis,"No particle, Scare SelfMade Mod, Funny Game optimization.And......No Game lobby ! That's means you have to play with your friends face to face.By the way , What's the hell about DLC prise? And What's the FuuuuuuuCK about DOA xtreme 3!KT & Team Ninjia are real whoooooreson.Give my Money back~~~"
,Not Recommended,311730,15147804,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Hal2k1,"its nice having a fighter for pc and i really enjoy doa.unfortunately it feels old, five years old."
,Not Recommended,311730,15129753,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,uwu uwu,"This is why Japanese games are barely selling on PC, INSTEAD OF making a WHOLE NEW port for the PC they just port the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the game from the consoles. No keyboard customization, no soft-engine, missing 2 extra stages, online mode is due in a few months, Boob physics are outdated PS3 version and graphics are outdated PS3 version.Ironically, the game is called DOA:5 LR but there is no LR boob physics in the settings at all. PC only gets the ""Natural"" and ""DOA"" physics while the PS4 has both and the ""LR"" and the ""OMG"" physics.The only good thing are the shadows which are PS4 version and the 4k resolution support."
76561198040813488,Not Recommended,311730,16992846,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Shumeki,Poor port. Sold as a remastered version of the game and given the graphical quality of a PS3 game.
76561198181434831,Not Recommended,311730,20056695,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TenshiAkari,Expensive and lost many features-No Soft Engine-No Lot of stages-No Costume Damage-All DLC more EXPENSIVE than PS3 and PS4 Ver. 15-20%
76561197967240769,Not Recommended,311730,15144779,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Dr Chaos,Terrible... Just terribleAlso: who releases a fighting game without multiplayer?
,Not Recommended,311730,15129385,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,KangaPower,I see myself havng plenty of fun with this game in its current state and thanks to mods I foresee coming to this game. DOA is a really fun franchise and this game is no different.However... I cannot justify paying the price I did to everyone else. The quality of the port is obviously extremely poor. The developers of the port didn't even try even though they pushed back the game's release. If you can get this game for under 10 bucks I would suggest buying but otherwise it is kind of a waste of money for a really poorly executed port.Maybe in the future they will patch the game to be better but before then it is probably smarter to just stay away.Please don't be like me and do not support this kind of quality from games.
76561198032947899,Recommended,311730,15287289,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Pr_ryokA,"1. The game works properly. 60FPS, no bugs, freezes etc.2. The core aspects of the 3d fighing genre is done well.3. Boobs.4. All in all, its a well functioning port and ignoring the other specifics*, it's a fine game.*Other specifics1. DLC Fun theme set (costumes) $60.99 ???2. Where is soft engine ???3. PS3 EFFECTS ???4. No online5. No rebinding keyboard keys-Rant-I have a r9 285 which runs at  40 degrees while playing this game. I'm pretty sure the real graphic requirement is way lower. (at 1080p) I honestly don't care about DLC costumes, and I'm financially stable, but even I think $60+ for costumes is too much. I understand if people want to show their love and support for a game through DLC but it's overpriced. While I understand setting up online may take a while, I don't understand why various parts of the game were removed. We lack 2 stages and the Soft Engine. This is a port of a console, so I wasn't expecting better graphics, but I certainly was NOT expecting worse. Finally, the default keybinding on keyboard is acceptable and makes sense, but I would like to see binding options.In conclusion, I can still have fun with this game, and that's what's important. The devs may have gimped out on serveral settings, but the core element is still there. I enjoyed DoA since it came out on xbox 360 and I can experience the same fun now on pc.  Because all in all, it's a fighting game with boobs and as long as those two aspects are there, I will continue to enjoy the DoA franchise."
,Recommended,311730,15275206,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,💋SayonaraBaby☠,"Being a huge fan of the DOA series since its Playstation 2 debut and owning every title of the Series for every console i will give my honest opinion.[Compact Review]POSITIVE aspects+ good graphics (i dont mind that they used last gen engines)+ finally most characters (especially females) have a decent amount of costumes+ the demands on this game for your hardware arent too high+ the game isnt that expensive for what it offers+ new players have a good tutorial mode to discover the skills of each character+ great gameplay, you get a great beat em up with developed skills and fighting system+ all original DoA characters included except Bosses like Omega or Tengu+ offers a real challange to master a characters skill perfectly+ very detailed characters and clothes+ more tag team partners can be created+ added music from previous DoA titles+ added Steam achivements ( not really affecting the game experience though)+ a lot of areas can be damaged by throwing, kicking or punching enemies into danger zones+ can change hairstyles and underwear for females and put on or off accessiores which are suiting  the characters styles nicelyNEGATIVE aspects- story is the same as in DoA 5 Leon, Marie, Honoka etc are completly excluded- Marie Rose only got 5 costumes,dlc too expensive- the game is focused very much on the female cast- so far you cannot adjust controlls to your own wishes,- only few different stages, steam version currently lacks of 3 Stages available on consoles only- no transperency on vehicle windows (strangly we had them in previous titles)- no steam emoticons or backgrounds (doesnt affect the game in my opinion)- no plans to add features implemented in console versions like 3 more stages or destruction on Kagura Senran dlc ( which is actually even more expensive on Steam compared to the console versions)- Online mode still crashes from time to time- no lobbies for online mode makes it almost impossible to play with friends- so far no VAC protection[Compact Review End]Suggestions for developers- if you bought the very first DoA 5 you probably have the feeling you wasted 50$/€, now you get an even bigger game for way less money > if you stick to the series and buy all games you feel ripped off your money...- the game could have offered some new and different modes, something innovative, train your charakter with sportive activities etc > i love the game but this could have been a nice idea since there are so many skills and you could develope an even deeper relationship to your favourite fighter- dlc is way to expensive , no option to purchase single costumes or smaller packs, ok the clothes are detailed and textures are nice but you could get an entire new game for this price if not more> maybe you would sell more dlc and make more money by providing it cheaper and i smaller bundles > no clothes damage for the Kagura dlc? Why are you neglecting the steam version so much and ask even for a bigger price?> it would also be great to have dlc with different content and not only clothes- voices of Virtua Fighter characters could have matched better with DoA voices, sounds very arcadeish while DoA characters do not > good for fans of the VF series but it does sound strangemy gaming experience so far:i dont have a gamepad/ controller for my pc yet so i cannot judge controller experience, as i mentioned the keyboardcontrolls are set and cant be changed yet which is not convinient. Other hardware or technical issues shall be discussed in forums since i only can speak formy systemOS: Windows 7 Home Premium,CPU Intel Core i3 2120 3,3Ghz, 4GB physical RAM ,AMD Radeon HD 7450I definately could have a better graphic card but the game runs fluently. No real bugs discovered in the main game only the usual glitches you might already be familiar with like hair or clothes glitches.Online mode suffers from ocassional crashes and network errors not only for me but for many others too.I believe the timing of counter attacks are a little harder to achieve but it could be due to different controlls on keyboard.BEWARE the DIFFERENCE between the PC and the CONSOLE version!For pc gamers without xbox one/ PS4I can recommend the game if you are looking for a pc fighting game with good graphics and some sexy girls. If you dont currently care about onlinelobbies, this title will offer you  very interactive arenas and a huge list of combos, throws, holds and what not.A lot of moves have been reworked from previous titles of the franchise and grant you a lot of action: Problematic however is that not every gamepad is supported and Keyboard settings are fixed and cant be changed at present.However if you are a big fan of the franchise and a dlc collector and own either a PS4 or XBox One buy that version since i cannot recommend the Steam port. Iit is heavily neglected by devs. The game feels like an additional money bag and Team Ninjas pc experimantal zone. The PS 4/ XBox One gets way more attention by TN, probably a marketing strategy to promote the sale of consoles. There is more exclusive content and a better online mode on the console version.If you want to stay up to date and join a nice new group please visithttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/deadoralive5Technical help will be provided as good as possible"
,Recommended,311730,25984023,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Hazama,"a good fighting game with ok online, very much worth getting if you haven't already"
,Recommended,311730,15129323,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Menacia,"There has been a lot of negativity around this game during it's preorder phase. I had it preordered from the day it popped up on steam, then cancelled my preorder yesterday only to buy it again a couple of hours later.I DO NOT REGRET MY PURCHASE.GAMEPLAY is great, perfectly smooth performance in 4k (i5 3330, 8GB RAM, Radeon HD 7950 with 3GB) and the fighting mechanics are top notch, wether you are just pushing buttons/keys or aiming for the right moves at the right time.GRAPHICS are easy on the eye, characters looks nice (the obvious DOA style present!!) and even though SOFT-ENGINE is missing, skin looks pretty  natural. Now on to what's probably most important to all you pervs out there:  B00B movement can be adjusted ingame (off, natural, DOA) and even though DOA-mode is very well *ahem* pronounced, is way more realistic than DOAX2 's balloon pinned to a wall in a storm movement.MULTIPLAYER is only missing for online play and will be patched in in about 3 months and honestly speaking I don't mind this right now, as I want to practice a lot before I get my butt handed to me by some crazy lagger pro XDOverall I can reommend this game for any DOA-fan and/or fighting game fan as there are some robust fighting mechanics underneath the shiny art."
76561198180358810,Recommended,311730,32910328,Posted: 27 June,all,Akali-Chan,"I Love this game! DOA is one of my favorite fighting series after tekken. i don't know why many people complain about this game, it works well in my pc. I really like this game, good fighting mec. and of course a lot of fanservice :p My only complain about this game is the dlc and costumes for ther characters is way overprice T.T my wallet got a lot of beating to buy the dlc. What can i say, no money no talk :p Try to buy this game on sale. I recommend. I rate this game 9 out of 10 fighting virtual waifus of all time. Ja ne :D"
,Recommended,311730,27277811,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,exScootaloo,Who needs a second hand for playing games?
,Recommended,311730,33191081,Posted: 3 July,all,Mouthspiece,"Several people are being really unfair about this game, maybe on the launch the game was ruined, but now I don't see any problem, It's a very cool fight game, with fluid combos and throws, dynamic and beautiful stages and cool characteres.About the price  is actually pretty cheap, you DON'T need to buy all the DLCs, the base game is cheap, I don't see any problem about how the marketing of this game works, actually it's good because it helps poor people to play the game too, for example in my country I bought the base game  at 18% of the tekken 7 price (on sale), which I can't afford... That way you can build the game according to your capacity and interest, the majority of DLCs are just comestical one, and the only reason you may want it all is some accumulation impulse.Now about the game, it has really nice fluid mechanics (I found even better than tekken 7), with easy combos and throw, nice speed, and counters. I think it could improve the music and graphics and the it's difficult to find online people to play with, but in general If you like tekken 7 and want a cheaper alternative like me you will not be disappointed."
76561198151577020,Recommended,311730,26633893,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,mavez,"Very good beat'em up to pass the time! Downloaded the free version with only two characters to give it a try, decided within an hour to just get the whole game to unlock all but 2 of the characters and story mode. Fun and fast paced fighting game, with good graphics and a good selection of characters. Downloaded fine, installed fine and plays great with my PS4 controller.Usually i'd wait till it was on sale as I paid £30 for it, but absolutely no regrets as it brings back memories of playing Virtua Fighter and Tekken but with a load more sexy girls to choose from :)The DLC costumes look amazing but they are extremely high in price. I'll probably wait till some big sale and hopefully they will drop a good bit so I can pick some up."
,Recommended,311730,15517037,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Virtyality,The Best Fighting for ever! <3
76561198308332403,Recommended,311730,26039171,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Glaceon394,Before plaing this game I had never heard of the Dead or Alive Series. But after wards I have to say I love it. I have gone back an bought other DOA games to play though the story and get a feel for how the sries has evolved. Plus if you are looking for a game that you can beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of someone this is game for you.
,Not Recommended,311730,25863005,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,@aru,"there is a good fighting game in DOA, it's not in the PC version tho."
76561197970841203,Not Recommended,311730,28943291,Posted: 2 January,all,hamster with a rocket pack,"It's a lazy port from the arcade version of the game, so it features graphics from last gen and consequently half the features are missing.  At one point they were using the screenshots from better versions and the initial release should have been early access.  I've still never gotten online multiplayer to work (although that wasn't a deal breaker for me).It still has the high-speed rock paper scissors gameplay, but it's poorly optimized, still a little buggy, and frankly feels more like an insult than an offering to pc gamers.  I feel like they wanted this game to fail just so they could justify ignoring the pc market.  Also, those dlc practices are nauseating (and this is before they went the free to play route).  I remember reading in an interview years ago where they said they would never offer a character as dlc because it would break the balance and experience.  I'm glad that turned out so well.The publishers for this game make me very mad with how poorly they handled this release.  DoA Ultimate back on the original xbox was perfect in its execution of all the features this game fails to deliver.  How did they mess this up so badly?"
76561198006557922,Not Recommended,311730,25865143,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,[LXY] Aries,"now free to play with the same issues badly ported, missing new stages and next gen content, still no online lobbies and  Xbox controller issues are a joke for a ported game.They should fix the basics lobbies and controller issues - i should not have to you Xpadder to get the best experience from a modern game."
76561198128684286,Recommended,311730,20874829,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Brucewayne,"It's true that I give this game a thumbs up but some things have to be acknowledged. First, I'm really dissappointed in team ninja for the giving PC gamers a passive aggresive middle finger. Scroll up and look at how much their charging you for DLC. It's just costumes. That's it. Just costumes and they're charging you $580.85 for all of them. I could buy a really nice graphics card with that money or an oculus rift.  I won't critisize them for not releasing online mode right away. It could be argued that they're giving you early access. That's fine, but when they did release it they only used a rank match. There is no lobby that you can go into. Matching with somebody sometimes takes 5-10 minutes and the match is over in less than 2. Then you're waithing another 5-10 minutes to play another match. The lobby on the console versions lets you rematch and play another person as long as you want. This is all you get and team ninja doesn't have any plans to fix or update this, but they're sure happy at updating you with new overpriced costume packs.  I'm not trying to condemn team ninja. They have a lot of talent and make amazing games. I love the Dead or Alive series and I love the Ninja Gaiden series. That's why I'm disappointed. They're completely disreguarding PC players as if they don't matter. It's a huge potential market that they're tossing to the side. The only reason I got this game is that I'm a of the series, but with all these problems it's as if they don't want you to buy it. I understand if you don't want to purchase it but if you do then don't pay full price for it."
,Not Recommended,311730,15242615,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,DrunkinFather,"Wait till 50% off before you buy too many features missing, you will be bored with it in a hour.GET YOUR STUFF TOGETHER TEAM ♥♥♥♥♥!"
76561198079300037,Not Recommended,311730,21606129,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,giggityiggity,"I was asked what my most disappointing purchase on Steam was and at first I said Project Cars; Project Cars looks amazing, but the AI is so god awful, it's hardly a driving simulator.But Dead or Alive 5 takes the cake as the purchase I regret the most.  Not only did I preorder this game as soon as I built this PC, but it was going to be my most played game; my catalyst back into the fighting game realm which I had strayed from for too long.  The only other game I owned on Steam was Resident Evil Revelations 2 and it was in episodic release so the entire game wasn't even out yet.  And I was really looking forward to playing ranked and actually trying to climb that ladder......  But oh how Team Ninja failed on this title.  I won't even go into all the garbage that comes with this game; just check out all the other negative reviews on Steam or do an internet search on why this game is so terrible for PC as opposed to PS4.And just when I thought this game couldn't get any worse, I bought a new monitor; shiny ASUS RoG 27"" 1440p 144hz monitor.  So I loaded this game; does not support 1440p.  Not only does it not support 1440p, but it doesn't support 1200p and DOES support 4k.  WTF?  I think this has to be the only game in the world that offers 1080p and 4k resolution support, but not the resolutions between the two!I absolutely love Dead or Alive the fighting game franchise.  The gameplay in DoA5 itself is really good.  The port is a slap in the face to PC owners everywhere."
,Recommended,311730,15406689,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,❤ ♫ Astrolinka ♫ ❤,"I'm big fun of DOA and actually i really liked thise one.Good fighting game, sad thing it's hard to find opponents in online mode."
,Not Recommended,311730,20943167,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Marchylls,"So first the good parts:the game worksnow the negative parts:no onlinea single dlc will cost you more than the gameIf you just want to play offline then it's not bad. However if you want to play online I recommend buying something else or getting the console version. As for dlc prices, I dunno if it'll ever get lowered however I highly doubt it.If this game ever does get updated with working online multiplayer I'll change this review however till then as I said before I do not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,311730,15138188,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,GREATWHITEDEATH,The old as time preorder trick. Good 1 ninjaNow how do I get my money back out of this machine
,Recommended,311730,25891747,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Sophie-bear,"Since people keep comparing the game to the console versions, I'm going to actually review the product you get if you play this game on Steam. I'm simply going to list pros and cons of this version of the game in regards to it being its own entity and not compare it to other versions that someone buying the game on Steam probably won't care about.Pros:- Impressive graphics- 2k (and possibly higher resolution; not sure) support.- Multiple gamemodes (Story, Arcade, Survival, Team, etc)- Local Multiplayer and Co-op support- Supports DirectInput gamepads- Large, diverse roster (In the retail version)- New F2P model allows only buying bits of the game you want- Stages with destructable elements and hazards- Huge variety of NPC difficulties (I believe there are 8 or 9 total)- Unique, diverse movesets for every character in the game; huge movesets- English and Japanese Voices- Many choices for Menu and UI languages- Boobs, of course. It's a DOA game.Cons:- Keyboard controls cannot be changed in-game- Menu controls cannot be modified- Story mode is relatively short- Costume DLC is ungodly expensive (though only cosmetic, fortunately)- Online modes only support ranked play, no unranked or lobby modes :(- Characters have a huge learning curve to them (Could be a positive if you're into that)- Male characters are overpowered (lol)More to come if I think of anything. I like the game; it's worth playing if you're an fighting game fan."
,Not Recommended,311730,19893733,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JunglePredator,One of the worst fighting games on Steam.DLC is $467 local currency for nothing but costumes ON CHRISTMAS SALE.Game lacks features that were kept out to try & make sure the japanese (at this point the customer treatment is so poor I don't think that deserves a capital letter) market would buy more of the game on the consoles then the Steam customers of several million players would.Effects (combat & environmental) are basic & the game doesn't take either a fantastic or practical view point  on the martial arts. Basically if you want interesting moves & combos you would be much better served with any of the Guilty Gears for fractions of the price or the like or if you want practical martial art moves probably virtua fighter which sadly is not on PC yet.From a technical stand point the game engine lacks features like support for resolutions  such as 1440x900 (there's an unofficial mod you have to use to remove character stretching if you end up with an unsupported resolution) & multilayer was poorly implemented.Over all for the price the developers are asking for this you could buy 15 other fighting games on Steam plus many of the DLCs for those & have a better time & many many many more hours  of game play.If you buy this you're wasting your money & supporting a developer who doesn't actually have any interest in the PC market & is simple after funds to fund japanese centric console games. You'd be more likely to get a better fighting game from Codemasters if you bought one of their racing games.
,Recommended,311730,25857905,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,imweezel,"A solid 3D fighter with silky smooth animations, and a wide variety of characters with unique fighting styles and balances between each of them. These things are however, crippled by a lack of actual gameplay updates which are overshadowed by the developer's task of developing numerouspaid DLC, which are clearly taking priority over key features like graphical limitations and the lack of private lobbies.The story of the game isn't much to celebrate, giving mediocre voice acting, and a setting which seems to jump from location to location with little to no transition. This can leave many players confused as to how the characters even got there, and why they have encountered each other in these places, a fine example of which being a transition from a city setting to a snowy tundra.Each character's moves and appearance feels very flushed out, and the player can quickly find the one which suits their playstle. Though some characters obviously recieve more superficial attention than others, with the wrestling queen Tina boasting over twenty five costumes, and some other characters falling to a variety as low as six different outfits, some of which may look similar to one-another.In short, the fighting is wonderful and fullfilling, though the soul may need more work."
,Recommended,311730,20559124,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Hazzo34570,Great game! Good graphics and motion as always
76561198239669088,Recommended,311730,19401456,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,erobotan,"Pros:- fun & cute girls- interactable & destructibles environment- the battles feels very impactful & epic- easy to play, hard to master- various battle mode like tag, team of 7 (yes 7!!), time attack, etcCons- Main story forces you to play as everyone. So you can't simply pick your favorite characters, get their ending & forget the not so fun characters. Not a problem if you're a completionist though.- DLCs are expensive but that's okay. My main complaint is you can't use those expensive DLC on the main story- Clothing damage are not in the game"
,Not Recommended,311730,25855650,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Final Remix,"I previously purchased DOA5LR, not ""Core Fighters.""Pros-- It's DOA... on PC.Cons--Missing Stages-No DX11 update-No SoftEngine-$400+ in DLC-No lobbies-Online is laggy and unresponsive-Unexplainable performance issues-Game crashes randomly with some randomly-selected CPU opponent costumes, which can't be disabled.I would've recommended this back when I bought it, thinking there was more content on the way, but I know better now. At least a borked version of the downgraded version we were sold last year is available, so there's no monetary cost; only time and sanity."
,Recommended,311730,19516487,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Dekonega,"This is a decent fighting game and with fun and entertaining game mechanics. However the Steam release is also full of bugs and other issues. Get it from sale. It's worth playing if you've never played Dead or Alive games before but for the fans of the series it's a bit disappointing release. After all we did have some expectations for this port. The game uses older version of the game engine. It also lacks content compared to the console release.The PC integration is almost non-existent with very limited graphics options. Resolution support is not done properly and you can only choose from a limited selection of 16:9 resolutions. 4:3 and 16:10 support would have been a nice thing to have. As an added bonus there's a support for 4K. The game runs 30FPS in menus and in cutscenes but the actual fighting is 60FPS.Game has bare minimum keyboard support and no mouse support for menus. You cannot rebind the very nonsensical default keyboard keys to anything more standard and sensible. For example instead of the Return key to accept menu selection and the Esc to exit menu the game uses M and L keys. The UI doesn't actually show you what the keyboard keys are during the fight so player is pretty much left reading the manual or guessing what the keys might be. The game absolutely requires a gamepad of some description to work properly.The sound options are also very limited. The game is also bit unstable and you can expect it to crash at any given moment for any unknown reason there is. Data corruption may or may not occur in some instances and you have to reset your profile.The promised on-line multi-player component is still not properly out yet months after it was promised that it would be. The existing beta version is unstable and likely to not work. And as a result of that perhaps the biggest selling point of this game, the multi-player community, is very small if it exists at all. I've not managed to connect into a single multi-player game thus far.Modding of this game has been prohibited by the Koei-Tecmo and Team Ninja, so that they could sell you tons of expensive costumes. Don't buy that stuff, you don't need it. Needless to say people still modded this game and that might have caused Team Ninja to delay much needed patches and other fixes for this release as a way to punish people for modding the game.Because of the attitude of the developer and publisher towards the PC gaming community I'm very tempted to give this game a negative recommendation. However considering that this is the first PC release of the series in a really long time and I genuinely do like the game I'm giving it a positive recommendation. However I won't be supporting Koei-Tecmo in future as willingly as I did when I got this game.Overall I've got very mixed feelings about this game release. If they'd fix even the basic stuff and use standardised on keys then it would be ok game. At least it runs decently even on older hardware and when it works it does work rather well."
76561198006798274,Not Recommended,311730,15202736,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Closs,"Indeed, DOA5LR is a fairly good game, but that could not justify a recommandation for its PC port.Especially compared with PC version of GTA V, graphically.The nonsense high official requirement and comparatively poor port to PC further sealed any recommandation.TK had the OBLIGATION to port based on ALREALY-INFERIOR-TO-PC PS4 version, that is common sense to any PC port.)Actually, NO game company other than TK DARE to port SUBPAR GAME version to PC.Someone may say the small difference between PS3/PS4/PC version(since DOA5LR does not have sufficient polygons to make its character natural and smooth)Yes, I concurred, if all the versions are released at SAME TIME.However, PC version had such tramendous delay, tragedious conversion and greedy, hyperpriced DLC, it renders DOA5 LR (PC) a subpar from an arrogant, and dubious company.The game is only recommended to player who had no console machines.Otherwise, wait a 75% or 90% discount.If anyone have any console version and buy this title, they DOOMED to be LOSER."
,Not Recommended,311730,17681297,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,SilentShadow,i want my money back!!!!!
76561198005573869,Not Recommended,311730,24407964,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Lord of corruption,"This is a fun soild fight game its a shame it dosn't have lobbies, soft engine, stages or breakable costumes. Even thought I enjoy the gamer I can not recomend it due to these missing features. Play it for solo or save up for tekken / streetfighter 5."
76561198026052333,Recommended,311730,15149183,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,KotN Jorgan,"Never reviewed a game before now, but I really want to say something about this one, and maybe clear up some things for some people.I did preorder this game, and I found out about the missing features later, after the game had already been released. I think that the developers could've handled the whole thing much better, but I can't say I'm unhappy.  I've liked the DOA franchise for years, and when I preordered the game, I was just happy to see it on PC. I stopped gaming on consoles some years ago.I've seen how upset many people are about the game, and I wanted to clarify a few things:It is just as fun as I remember it. I haven't had a single issue with the game yet, I know a lot of people have, but I've had absolutely no problems. If you're worried about this, you should probably do some research on your own to see if your PC matches the ones that have had issues. My wired xbox 360 controller worked as soon as I started up the game, no input lag so far, everything's good.The visuals required a bit of tweaking on my part, but it was very simple. First, I used the game's config tool to make it look good, and recently I applied an FX mod that has made it look even better. For all I know, maybe there will be even more user-created content in the future to make things better yet. That is one of the best parts of PC gaming.TL;DRI'm not saying that there's no reason to be angry over the missing features. I am just trying to make it clear for people considering purchasing that the game looks nice, is very fun, and is definitely easier to jump into than other fighters. I always wanted to have my favorite fighting game on my PC, and this delivered for me. Looking forward to multiplayer release."
76561198017418708,Not Recommended,311730,15173285,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,天诛,"As a fan of DOA series and the owner of PC I have to say that I'm dissapointed in this PC port.First and foremost, this is a PS3 port with shadow options from PS4. Expect lower quality GFX  and physics ( clothing getting ripped, smoother skin etc. )Keyboard and mouse implementation is non existent ( navigating through menus ).Outrageous DLC ( 31 costumes for around 30-40 pounds?!!?!? ) most of them skimpy and purchase driven by ""LUST"".... HECK the game didn't cost me 30 pounds SO WHY ARE YOU OVER-CHARGING for costumes?! No sense at all. They say it's like 30 costumes BUT TAKE A PROPER LOOK : it's the same costumes BUT different characters! LO! Nurse uniform, school bloomers etc. Re-used. Why oh why anyone would buy it?! Just let us buy it individually for lower price ( sic )NO online more ( gotta wait around 3 months )Couple of DLC's are missing and 2 levels ( plus gravure mode )Not all Gamepads are compatibleTeam Ninja gave warning to Modders that they shouldn't really make ""naughty"" mods because of ""morality""? OH REALLY? Your game is already immoral enough with skimpy clothes and ""bouncy"" breasts physics which you have boasted about in the past! OH I GET IT! You don't want people to create ""skimpy"" outfits BECAUSE YOUR OVERPRICED DLC'S WON'T SELL.Hypocrites much?I can't recommend this game unless you are desperate for a fighting game or you are a fan of series like me...Guess Pc gamer's got the short end of the stick again. I DO HOPE that modders will release HD Texture pack...."
76561198233334064,Recommended,311730,16813031,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Bress,I am very happy with this game. This is my favourite fighting game. Having the possibility to play it on a pc whenever I want It's just awesome.DOA is also the only reason I am on Steam right now.The gameplay and the graphics are excellent.The achievement has been added.The online version is still in beta but Team Ninja is  working hard to bring to us the definitive online with the best performance.I also like the beta and played a lot with really good opponent. Yes it's a beta so I do not complaint about some crash. I am sure that will be fixed as soon as possible.I definately recommend this game to anyone who love fighting game.
76561198145193036,Not Recommended,311730,15138717,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,HSESH.Lynzr,Deal DLC pls  #teamninja
,Recommended,311730,27344060,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,medavroog,Waifu-Maker and Combat-Fighter all in One Package.
76561198058054205,Not Recommended,311730,15299637,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,SpendingMarrow,Only if u dont have a PS4 or Xbox One. Otherwise this not worth at all. Lacks multi[player and doesnt look as good as the next gen consoles. Also whats wrong the dlc packs? Why cant they have sperate and smaller dlc packs like the consoles?
,Recommended,311730,15159121,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,KingRaRa,"Game is good.  If you've played doa before, you know what it is.  It's kinda lame that we're missing a couple of features, but the only real ""killer"" is that it's missing the online play at launch.  A really solid port, runs great, and I did not even have to remap my joystick controls.  If you have a next gen system, get it there, but if not, this is a very fun fighter which is easy to learn and get into."
,Recommended,311730,15201852,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Simon.cleric,"Pros:+ Boobs+ Smaller boobs+ It is actually a good fighting game+ Good training mode and combo challenges+ Beautiful and creative costumes+ One of those ""easy to learn, hard to master"" gamesCons:- No online lobby- Overpriced DLC that only you can see (more on this below)- People can't see past the sexy characters and disregard this game before giving it a chance- This game for some incomprehensible reason has male characters tooIn-depth:I have that awkward feeling... I don't know who KOEI hates more. Their western audience, or their PC players?On one hand, we never got that patch for ""Dynasty Warriors 7: Empires"" that brings additional hair colors, outside of Japan.On the other hand, their PC ports are often... subpar.Well, no matter which is the case, it can still be hard to justify purchasing their games, no matter how awesome they are at their core.So, let's address two elephants in this DoA room. The most glaring issues with this game.The lack of online lobbies and the overpriced DLC.The DLC speak for themselves. They are strictly cosmetic, pricey and there's a lot of them. And I wouldn't say it's a huge issue. There are often discounts for them and obviously nobody forces you to buy another bikini for your favorite fighter. However, to me, this is not the issue. The main issue is that you are the only one who will see these costumes. Because yes, unlike the console version (thanks, KOEI, I love you too), there is no ""catalogue"" patch that allows other people to see the costumes they don't own. Basically, if you buy that gorgeous Helena bikini and wear it (with pure intentions of throwing your opponent off guard only, obviously), your online opponent actually won't see it and your character will default to costume 1 or 2 on their screen. Ouch. So, no showing off these amazing and utterly overpriced costumes to anyone who doesn't play with you locally.The second issue is more severe. There is no lobby. In a fighting game. I don't know whose brilliant idea this was, but I hope this person is fired (almost typed ""fried"", which wouldn't be wrong either).So, basically, when you want to play against your friend, you just both start searching for matches and hope that you find each other and not somebody else. You can filter it by region which helps a little bit, but you still see how this can be frustrating. Thankfully (and I can't believe I'm saying it) this game doesn't seem to have too big of an online player base in my region. Yaaaay...On a more positive note, you don't have to sit in a menu while you wait for the game to find an opponent for you. There is an option for it to keep searching while you play training or arcade mode. So at least you still get to play the game while you wait.So then, Simon, you may ask, why the hell are you giving this game a positive review?Well, it is a great fighting game. Surprised? Yes, there is a game past all those boobs, and the game is amazing.I am a rather casual player when it comes to fighting games. That is to say, I love them, but I am horrible at them. There are a few exceptions, like, for example, Skullgirls, Arcana Hearts or Tekken where I feel somewhat comfortable, at least comfortable enough to play with friends and to sometimes play online. And that's because these games took time to teach me what they have to offer. Tekken had a great training room, Skullgirls had a very in-depth tutorial. And Dead or Alive is no exception. It has an amazing training room that lets you learn the basic movesets, an extensive tutorial with all of the game mechanics and a ""combo challenge"" mode that teaches you the some combos characters can pull. All of this makes this game very beginner-friendly.The combat itself feels way more fluent and therefore looks somewhat more realistic than, say, Tekken, and definitely than most of the 2D fighters. When you are playing in company of friends, especially non-gamer friends, it's very important because it lets them watch it as if it was a spectacle and not just a set of mechanics.And speaking of spectacle, the costumes - DLC ones, of course, but even many default ones - are fantastic. And I'm not just talking about skimpy outfits (btw, nothing wrong with them, accept and embrace the sexiness!). If there's one thing I can give KOEI credit for - it's costume originality. I mean, look at Dynasty Warriors, they are re-releasing that game so much that we're expecting it's 9 installment at the time of this review, and never once did they re-use the same costume for a character, while still maintaining that character's unique features. Dead or Alive is no exception and the costumes are actually amazing.So, in the end I want to say this:If you want to play locally with your friends, but don't have a console, buy this game. It is a no-brainer. It is an amazing fighting game and is a lot of fun in a room full of friends.If you want to play solo, in arcade mode, survival, time challenge, finish the story mode (which is meh, imo, but is still an option), buy this game. It's a great fighting game and will teach you everything you need to know about it, and some of its training transfers well into other fighting games.If you want to play online with strangers, it's still a fine purchase. The player base isn't huge, but I have never had troubles finding a few different opponents per play session. Plus, once again, you still can play arcade while you're searching, so you won't get bored.If, however, you want to play online with your friends. Then this is a tough sell. You need to decide for yourself if the chore of trying to find each other is worth it. Personally, I still play with friends online occasionally. But every time before playing we're like ""Ugh... Do we really want to play DoA THIS much?"".Then again, at parties, locally, this question never arises, we always DO want to play it xDOh, and when I say ""buy it"", I do mean ""buy it"", because free to play version is just not worth the space. It's basically just there as a demo and I simply can't recommend it. The full game though, in my opinion, is worth it even at full price, but definitely at a discount.Most importantly, please, PLEASE, don't disregard this game just because it has sexy women and men in skimpy clothes. Yes, it is part of this game, but first of all - it's nothing to be ashamed of, as sexual attractiveness is a natural part of this world. Secondly, there are plenty of costumes that cover skin. And last, but not least - I'll say once more that there is a great fighting game behind all the skimpiness, and it would just be a shame to miss it simply because of its looks."
76561198023019093,Not Recommended,311730,32705689,Posted: 23 June,all,Elkay,"This game is a decent port, as far as single-player is concerned. As a core-game, the mechanics are sound and true to the console versions. The online is lacking, as there is no lobby support or much of an online community due the the shoddy launch.Don't invest in the DLC. Not worth it, especially not to promote such outrageous prices. The DLC costumes are amazing, but absolutely nowhere near *that* amazing. You can buy a dozen or more other games for the price of the DLC costumes."
,Not Recommended,311730,15165009,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"It's a good game itself, not a game that only perverts will play, even if most of the players playing this game are perverts, some of them like me, play this game because we love fighting games.It's a great fighting game, unlike the first games, it has a couple of playable guys.Some womens and some girls are great, the others have oversized boobs.I don't really care about that honestly, the game is good, the gameplay is complexe and really good.But there is one thing that makes me give this game a negative feedback.Look at all those DLCs they're selling and the price they're asking for all of that.I have pre-purchased this game full price on Steam, I must say, I am disappointed, not in the game itself.They are now giving the game away for free, i'm okay with that, it's more like a demo than anything else, unlike what 2K did with Evolved.Anyway, the real problem here is how Koei Tecmo is greedy and incompetent.Costumes are great, all right, but what about new stages, and new characters instead? I look at all those costumes, and all of them are mostly made for the female characters, I seriously can't make a difference between nudity and those costumes (sarcasm), it's almost the same, if you prefer.But that's not all, look at the price they sell them.I can make textures too you know, I can create a costume too you know, people can also learn how to, how long does it makes to make one costume? It depends on the skills of the person, but it generally doesn't takes long when you're used to.So selling those DLCs at that price is pure garbage.This kind of developer should really feel ashamed.So in the end, it is a good game, but a game that really lacks in content when it comes to gameplay (other than the fighting moves and that kind of stuff) so the amount of characters, the variety of costumes, stages (there's barely any), etc.Wait for a sale then go for it, but do not encourage their kind, do not buy their DLCs, just buy the base game and download costumes made by other people who aren't dumb enough to sell them."
,Not Recommended,311730,15500678,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Black Rose War,Love it... to bad I can't endorse it for being such a kick in the balls to PC gamers.
76561198112473353,Recommended,311730,26254555,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Meatloaf,"I love this game, it's one of my personal favorite fighting games.There is a problem with it though, the DLC is ridiculous. I'll tell you right now: do not buy any characters seperately, save your money and buy the full game package.I've heard this game has online limitations, but I don't care enough about online features to care. If you do really like online fighting games, this port may not be the best. However, if you enjoy offline fighting games, this is one to check out.It's different from Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat as there is less of a focus on special moves, and instead more of a focus on combos. There are still special moves, but there's more of a focus on 3D free-flowing combat, which is a nice change of pace.The characters are all pretty unique, and yes, most of their costumes are pretty enjoyable *wink*I'd give it a 9/10, but because the DLC is a problem, I'll lower the score to a 7.5/10. $40 is a lot to spend, and I'd wait for a Steam sale.Again I must stress: Do not buy ANY of the DLC packages seperately, until after you've bought the full game package!Edit: The one REALLY frustrating thing for me is that on the console versions, you can buy the costumes seperately. That's a good idea. However, on the pc version, you have to buy them in big expensive costume bundles. That sucks. I still reccomend it (during a sale), but dude, make the costumes available for individual purchase."
76561198098590457,Recommended,311730,26207835,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,The Envy Of Gods,I love this game on PS3 and its ok on the PC. Scond thing they actually responded to my really lengthy email about this game so maybe when I email them to bring the Ninja Gaiden series to the PC perhaps they will give us a chance? who knows??
,Recommended,311730,26421247,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,admin to me,"This is a fighting game, it has boobs. I've always likes Dead or Alive as a series. The fighting feels fluid and fast-paced, there are cool characters, quality waifus, and boobs. It's a proven formula. I've played Last Round on the PS4 extensively, and I really like it; definitely recommended. I recommend this game for fans of the series, or the genre, who do not own one of the next (current) gen consoles. If you have a console, get that version.The PC version lacks the ease of access that picking up a controller and sitting down on a couch grants, it lacks certain advanced physics ;D technology, and the console versions have higher quality effects. It's 95% of the package, and that's enough, but it's not quite the whole thing.There are mods, not as many, or as good as you might hope, but they are out there."
76561198058156743,Recommended,311730,26442395,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Inspector Dosh,"Lets get this out of the way: the PC port for Dead or Alive 5 is not very good. Now, this could be from either of two things: Team Ninja does not care for the PC platform or they don't know how to properly port the game over to PC. Regardless of the reason, these mediocre PC ports are very common for most Japanese games since their main market is on arcade machines and consoles. Is it Koei Tecmo's fault? I can't see how they could contribute to a bad port, but faulty PC ports are a trend with all of the games they published.The SingleplayerThis is the sole reason why I even play Dead or Alive 5 (hence the thumbs up) because of it's mediocre multiplayer experience or lack thereof. Assuming you bought the full experience and not bought characters individually (with the exception of Naotora Li and Mai Shiranui) like any sane person would, you get a roster of 34 characters with a story mode, versus with an ai or another friend locally, time attack, arcade, survival, and team battle in a $40 package. To be frank, each mode is mostly the same from one another, but then again, what can you do with fighting games in general?The MultiplayerSeriously, where is the multiplayer? And by that, I mean why is it missing features? Where is the playerbase? Why do I suck so much? Why does my game look like a speeding car in slow motion? Let me try to break it down for you so it's easier to understand what I mean.-Features:Here's the biggest elephant in the room, and that is the lack of public and private lobbies, meaning if you want to play with friend directly from the web, too bad cause you can't. You want to play with strangers without worrying about ranks? Too bad, you can't do that either.-Playerbase:Because of the game being released with no multiplayer to even speak of despite the delayed release really hurts the confidence of players of even getting to play online and even with the addition of ranked, it was delayed for months at a time. Now comes the free to play update in hopes of bringing more people in multiplayer, but it ended up backfiring because they ended up breaking multiplayer for a few days so literally nobody could even play online. Looking at steamcharts makes me a bit depressed at how much Team Ninja has cocked up with only about an average of 100 concurrent players.-Uneven Skill level:Because of the very small playerbase, you're going to be facing the same few people over and over again assuming they even respond to fight you leading to either two ends of the spectrum: rekt or not rekt with no room for a middle ground. Not exactly fun with this noticably huge gap in skill level. Then again there is no way for the game to know if said player has played other fighting games before or have played on the console version or just straight up played longer than you. Overall, your rank does not feel representative of your actual skill level with the current playerbase.-Gamespeed:I don't know if latency has anything to do with the game playing at reduced speeds, but if it does, then the people experiencing slow gamespeeds are at a huge disadvantage leading to unresponsive controls just because either you or the opponent (or both) have high ping and there is no other information indicating high latency from anyone from anywhere. This probably wouldn't be a problem if you have a lot of people playing in the same region as you, but going back to the miniscule playerbase, I think I ended up fighting against people halfway across the world most of the time.If I wanted to focus my time on the multiplayer, I would have given this a thumbs down already.The Business ModelLets just say the costume bundles look pretty expensive, but say if you were buying costumes individually, then I would imagine it being more expensive, but you really don't need them. Perhaps if you want more variety in what they wear and/or you want to fulfill your sexual fantasies then go right ahead. A bit unfortunate there are 2 characters you need to buy seperately.Yes, the port is missing a lot of graphical options, it runs at 30 frames in the menus and cutscenes, has terrible keyboard support with no way of rebinding them without third-party software, and of course, the game is missing stages from the console version for no good reason, but I do think the most important thing to point out is that the game is functionally playable as it is, but seeing the mixed reviews on Steam is no joke, even if most of the quality of steam reviews are a complete joke. If you are looking for a good fighting game and don't care about online multiplayer, I'd say Dead or Alive 5 Last Round is a nice pickup on sale or if you're satisfied with the free to play version consisting of only 4 characters, then go ahead and give this a try, but if you are looking for proper online multiplayer, then I would suggest you look for something else as depressing as it sounds."
76561198023582277,Not Recommended,311730,28364568,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,stephane.f.david,"The game in itself is nice, but I cannot recommend the game anymore.When I first bought it, I could play it fine.But with the recent update (I believe after core fighter), the game has become unplayable: it was stuck after the starting screen with the waves, where it asks to hit the A/M key. I tried all the keys on my keyboard.I reported the issue October 10, and got several messages from support, with different suggestion (such as using Windows with the keyboard only, no mouse to avoid interference....). Nothing worked.Yesterday they released a patch to solve it (2 months later)I tried. I can pass the welcome screen.... And then I have a message ""saying you have a new title, and again asking to press the A/M key""... And I'm stuck again.If they make patches every 2 months  and I can go one screen further each time, maybe I'll be able to play the game again next summer."
,Not Recommended,311730,26326489,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Roxas (ง •_•)ง,"Awful port. Developers blatantly bigoted against the PC community. Since DoA is more a T&A-viewing game than a fighting game the DLC outfits which just show characters in less clothing make up a lot of post-purchase revenue for the developers. Right now, the price of all available DLC costumes exceeds $1000. No, there is no unlocking them with play time or achievements, either. Why would any PC player actually buy these instead of modding the game for user-created outfits (or the infamous nudity mods)? Team NINJA loves console players because they don't have this option; therefore, they find it appropriate that they ""punish"" the PC players forfailing to adopt a ""moral"" tonefor their mods.Moral? MORAL?! Have you even once looked at the characters in this game? Saying that PC players should be punished for being ""immoral"" is just a pathetic cover-up for ""we don't like that PC players don't have to pay us to see more skin"". What a joke.Knowing that their Steam platform sales were awful, the Devs switched from the $40 base game to a freeminum model to try to at least get $5 here and there instead of the $40 they were charging beforehand since release. The fact that this happened a few weeks ago (Oct-6-2016) without any additional support that was promised on release shows that this is merely a cash cow for apathetic swine. Don't worry, though. No one has a right to complain since it's a ""free"" game!I can see why the devs hate the PC community since we can just mod the game to get those DLC outfits anyway. Do not support these developers with a single penny.As an actual fighting game, it's still playable and decent enough, maybe a 6.5/10. I could probably enjoy it in small samples, but it lacks the depth of other fighters such as Street Fighter or SSB."
76561198115151958,Recommended,311730,26285034,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,izazaozihaha,"I'm going to be perfectly honest here. I love this game! But I have problems with it too.Pros:Fighting is a ton of fun! This and SCIV are my favorite 3D fighters by far!Easy to learn. A little challenging to master.So many waifus to choose, so little time!!Elliot.Also Rig.Elliot again.That one drunk dude.La Mariposa.Arcade mode can be addicting.Costumes unlocked are pretty sweet.Story mode is pretty dumb fun. Especially Elliot's introduction and the hijinks with Zack.Character models and stages look great!So much TnA.Cons:Lack of lobby and soft engine hurts (Though I don't care too much since I don't go online too often. I kinda suck at this game.)The chosen winner of the DOA tournament.Most Costumes are placed behind a large paywall (even with taking advantage of hugely discounted sales, I've barely knocked out a third of them and have paid a little over $100.)It could look better.Keyboard is absolutely worthless with this, considering this is on PC (though, to be fair, name really any 3D fighter that can work with one)All in all, it's a super good fighting game. Flawed, but I can look past the flaws when I hold the controller."
,Not Recommended,311730,25880944,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,ERUKEI,"I really enjoy playing DOA5, and I have played PS3 and PS4 version of it. But have to say, PC version is definately unfinshed. Not to mention +$1000 DLCs."
,Not Recommended,311730,32754577,Posted: 24 June,all,SilentChill,"i thought i got them all characters when i bought ""FULL GAME""then it occurs to me Naotora and Mai need to be bought seperately.after i bought Naotora and Mai,then i realized the movie theatre part needs to be bought seperately as well,bull-effing-s.h'it*e4,u_c_k this s.h`i^t.not only i will refund this, i will block everything from this dev from now on."
76561198117107627,Recommended,311730,34893082,Posted: 11 September,all,Professor Genius,"The game is beautiful. It plays great, i like the fighting style, and that it's not obscenely flashy like some fighting games. The only real downside is the way dlc costumes are priced in groups. i'm not paying 35 dollars for a group of costumes i don't want, just for the 1 or 2 that i do want. But in the end, the core game has enough nice costumes that this really doesn't take away from the game itself.  I'm glad i bought it."
,Recommended,311730,25865790,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,N1n7aXIII,"Definitely not a ""bad"" game."
,Recommended,311730,21633722,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Game Brain,Grade: 8/10Reasoning: It's a fun game but it feels incomplete. All the content is here and on a steam sale you can get it for half the price for the console version. You can do local multiplayer and online ranked games. The only drawback is that you can't do online multiplayer with friends. Runs mostly smoothly except when I stream. Overall I don't see the issues others do and I would recommend this especially if it is on sale.EDIT:  SPelling and grammar errors.
,Not Recommended,311730,29862498,Posted: 11 February,all,Jkl,"Can't get past first screen, where you choose between Casual/Pro/Online-Pro. It says to press M or A on controller and both doesn't work.Pros:- This game might have Marie Rose. The best character in DOA universe.Cons:- Can't get past first screen.I will give this game a 7/10."
,Recommended,311730,30217745,Posted: 27 February,all,Yuna,"After a decent amount of hours in this game, I thought I'd give it a review!I wanted to purchase this game for a while, but having to purchase individual charaters kind of steered me away from it. But I bought this game when it went on sale for $19.99 that included all the fighters except for Mai and Naotara Li. Graphics wise, I think the game looks pretty amazing. At first, I thought the gameplay was simple but after going into the tutorials that included a ton of advanced techniques - I realized this game has some pretty deep mechanics.Just like a lot of other fighters, there are the standard game modes - Story, Arcade, Time Attack, Survival, etc... and you can either do solo matches or tag matches. Clearing a mode on a character unlocks costumes for them, so that's a plus. The CPU's can get pretty tough after ""Normal"" difficulty for beginners - so I recommend going through most of the tutorial first otherwise it'll get frustrating. There are a TON of tutorials that teach you beginning to advanced mechanics and I feel this game does a great job of teaching it.As far as multiplayer, you can either search for online ranked battles or enable this feature called ""Throwdown"" where you can spar against CPU's and while you're playing, the game will search for an opponent for you to fight. There is slight lag at times, but overall my online experience has been pretty smooth. Some of the players online are veteran players so don't get discouraged too easily, as practicing is the way to improve :)OKAY. DLC's. SOME OF THESE DLC'S ARE WAY TOO OVERPRICED. This is probably the only complaint I have about this game. I hate that you can't purchase costumes for individual characters you want, and you have to purchase the whole set that includes costumes for fighters you don't even play. BUT HOPE IS NOT LOST! Good thing this game allows you to install mods, and some of the mods available are even better than the DLC content, I'd argue.Here is the site where I get my mods:http://streetmodders.deviantart.com/gallery/58269964/Dead-or-Alive-5-Last-Round-ModsAnd if you want to learn how to install the mods (very simple, actually), here's a tutorial:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAbcDYwL9l4All in all, I think this game is great. For $19.99 + a bit more for the two remaining fighters (if you really want them), I think this game is a great buy ONLY if it goes on sale. Otherwise, all the combined characters together cost WAY too much and I don't think it'll be worth it at that point.Last but not least, play with a controller!"
,Not Recommended,311730,20452266,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Pixelationist,"Love the game but really sucks to get the last gen version without some of the upgraded feature. Not sure why Tecmo Koei has such a problem with PC releases, but I cannot condone this kind of practice.Don't buy!"
,Not Recommended,311730,15149388,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,TsundereRic,love the game. love the gameplay. love the free costumes. DLC costumes tho? don't encourage Team NINJA to be moneygrubbers please...
76561198048212175,Not Recommended,311730,20464941,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mi2,Horrible pc port.
,Not Recommended,311730,20465491,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Ekiph,"Having purchased several of the Team Ninja games, after buying this I will never again purchase another Team Ninja game. This is by far the worst port I have ever had the displeasure of owning. I have already tried to get a refund but seeing as I had played 5 hours in singleplayer in preperation for some actual multiplayer I am stuck with this over priced peice of garbage.Reduced textures, reduced capabilities, fewer stages, insanely over priced DLC, late multiplayer that isn't even remotely what was expected, and absolutely no developer support.I don't care how much you think you want this game, DO NOT PURCHASE!"
76561198278963805,Recommended,311730,29865333,Posted: 11 February,all,kensei_warlord,Simple and easy to play 3d fighting games...not the best graphics but very candy eye...and very unique!
,Recommended,311730,30204203,Posted: 26 February,all,StarScream47,Came for the♥♥♥♥♥♥but got hooked on the gameplay!!! People need to grow up and stop crying about the DLC.
76561197984987559,Not Recommended,311730,18088408,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,IMAFUNKYWUNKEYSPUNKYMONKEY,3.5h to complete and mess about and wait for ONLINEGraphics PoorWorst thing£241.94 For F***ing DLC really what the F**k are the thinking off. Now don't get me wrong they are working on the online side and basically F**ked everyone who had to pay for the game with the promise of online play. But seriously how much do they have to pay staff for some F**king costumes that supposedly makes it all better on a glitchy to F**k game. £241.94 I am sure can pay for some skimpy out fits on real life women which is more fun as end off the day you get to play with a real woman with a skimpy outfit ;) Actually the reality is you could fund a private sex cave/room ........... £241.94 f**********************************k.DLC should be free or cheap. Example Payday 2 DLC around £5 mark you get perks guns etc basically a game changer.ORPretty much 99% OF GAMES DLC where you get extra storylines missions and characters with story lines and STILL AROUND THE AREA OFF FREE to £20 and you get to get involved in a game.SO IN A NUTSHELL A COMPLETE WASTE OFF MONEY BUY DOA3 FOR XBOX ITS BETTER THAN THIS BAG OFF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥THERE IS NOTHING NEW APART FROM A WASTE OF TIME TAG TEAM WHICH IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. IF YOU ARE WANTING A GOOD BEAT EM UP FOR THIS YEAR BETTER OFF BUYING SMASH BROS ON WIIU OR IF YOU WANT TO GO A LITTLE OLDER THE WII WHERE YOU BEAT UP A PIKACHU FOR A LOT LESS MONEY AND HAVE MORE ENJOYMENT DOING SO.
76561198161181516,Recommended,311730,22722290,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Alex D.,Greate fighting game with awesome characters and story. It's worth all the money i spend on it. It would be perfect if there was more players online.
76561198082170794,Not Recommended,311730,15143075,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,savioeven,"i expected more from you Team Ninja!!!!!!!this game is not worth thje purechase best to download it for FREE DUETO NO ACHIEVEMENT,OVER PRICED DLC,NO SOFT ENGINE AND THE LIST GOES ON  anyone who likes this poor port must be totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198092051045,Not Recommended,311730,15148763,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Nintendojo64,"I've been waiting for this to come out for three months and finally when I get this game it doesn't work the way it should, fames are compeletly ruined it's moving so slowly and is in no way playable not even online, got the content i was promised but i feel like i've been cheated now that the game doesn't work right, not even the lowset of the windows will make this game playable, some stages are missing and all play really slowly when chosen, the only stage you're able to play in with no problem is the trainging stage, alot of good that'll do everone playing the same stage over and over again, if you don't believe me you can waste you're money and check it out for yourself, if you really wanna take that chance be my guest as everyone else was incuding me to ninja team's greatest game to date which is now ruined for al of us here on steam...Why Just why.....??? T_T"
76561198094750888,Recommended,311730,29762710,Posted: 7 February,all,Sahadow,"I love DOA.It's been a great game serie so far, and will probably be.But, man, come on, right now the full game is at  1 135,35€  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!How crazy is that?! Th'at's just plain ridiculous.So, I recommend the game, but I don't support the reap-off that's the dlc system on this game."
76561198040637155,Not Recommended,311730,15145524,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Turbo Killer,You Done ♥♥♥♥ed it Up
,Recommended,311730,15137775,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,chrisx2ds,"The missing of 2 extra stage & soft engine did make  a bit disapointed for PC user.But Overall the game is GOOD~  except some graphic bug(helicopter)Breast Effect : Did enjoy the ""OMG"" option :DGame Story : The sotry line is REALLY AWESOME :D  I enjoy with the Tina part ending :DGame Play: The game play experience is not the best but still good to go......so it is a smooth game if you have a hardcore PCVideo: The video sense are port from PS3 I guess, and you can tell the quality of it, which is not that goodso I will give a rate at  7/10"
,Not Recommended,311730,16912474,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Rizzy,"Don't buy this game! Lazy port, missing features, missing effects. Another cashgrab port from Koei Tecmo.Pros:- The fighting mechanic is okay-ish- pick the pretty girl that suits your fetish- Best looking 3D fighter on PC (also only recent one)Cons- No Multiplayer (promised for 3 month after release, apparently not coming)- Graphic effects from the Playstation are missing in the PC version- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ or no support for any input device that is not an Xbox controller- missing features (destructible clothing)- blurry textures on anything that isn't a character- extremely expensive DLCs- animations are sometimes wonky, leading to telepathic throwsSince I am a bit of a fighting game fan and wanted to try a 3D fighter I bought this game. Then I discovered that features from the console version were flatout missing even though Koei Tecmo praised this game as the best version DoA5. Getting a fightstick to work with it was also a chore and some inputs (rotating camera) are flatout impossible. Using a gamepad is possible, but the game only knows Xbox controllers and will only display those inputs. At least the combat system is servicable and there are a lot of characters as well as a ton of alternate costumes. However instead of the promised multiplayer, KT delivered some ridicolously overpriced costumes. So this game is only as much fun as a fighting game with no multiplayer can be. And if you are looking for that, just get SFxT. Or get something with working multiplayer.In conclusion I would have been better of saving my money for Tekken 7. Or getting the PS4 version, which is superior.Don't buy KT's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ports."
76561198060812498,Not Recommended,311730,16996007,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Canvas,"Low quality transfer to the PC platform.DLC is even expensive than the game and just some sexy costume.They just treat PC palyers like ""low IQ, easy to take money from them"""
,Not Recommended,311730,17964542,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Vayne Valerius,"Well I bought this on release and I can honestly say its a good and holds up to earlier DOA's, however dlc thats a higher price than the game (Thats little more than skins), no online even after their ""3 months"" of what ever the hell they where doing, with no updates or new on that after 3 extra months of waiting, missing content and features of the console port and just general PC gamers getting ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥♥with all the power of a thousand suns.  DOA is one of my top series when it comes to fighters, but the economic practices alone of Koei Tecmo has put me off ever buying another game by or even published by them."
76561198006164440,Not Recommended,311730,15129716,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,EvilOrigamiSwan,"This port is just horrible. It's like someone is trying to rebake a cake after receipt but doesnt use an oven.Pro:- DOA as you know it- one of the few beat em up's from a bigger series on the pcCon:- no multiplayer- no config for buttons (for graphic there's a config-button in the steam-library, thx for tip publisher...)- no softengine- DLC in extra expensiveOverall:This port isn't even close to complete. The publisher just want's to milk the cashcow one more time with as little effort as possible. In the current state this game isn't worth the money!!!"
,Not Recommended,311730,15283793,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,I'm oppressed.,"Second edit: Now that it is nearing a whole year since I picked this game up, WHAT THE FU^K!!!Why is it so god damn hard to make the game correctly. I WANT THE FEATURES THAT MAKE THE COMPLETE GAME. ITS WHAT I PAID FOR!!!♥♥♥♥♥YOU TECMO for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥izing the greatest franchise you own just to make a few console nerds♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥happy that they have the best version.♥♥♥♥♥YOU♥♥♥♥♥YOU♥♥♥♥♥YOU♥♥♥♥♥YOU! I can't say it enough. You♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your best customers so you could keep a couple fan boy loli gaggers happy. UNACCEPTABLE.Edit: So in just a little over a week from now it will have been two months since my original post here and the game is in still much the same shape it was then. Still no soft engine or destructible clothing and I understand online will be coming but hurry it up, you should never ship an incomplete product. Oh and the prices for the costume packages now total out over 250 or so dollars. It's getting a tad bit to be a joke. I like that there isn't a market place in the same sense that csgo or tf2 have going for them but what they do offer is seriously a joke at those prices. I wonder if they are meeting their ideas of success with sales on those DLCs. I would love to hear thousands have already bought them. I just wouldn't believe it.So there is many strong points with this game, but since I must be critical and I am more than a little furious with the company's decision, I can not recommend this title for purchase. First I will discuss the good and then I will get in to the nitty gritty as to why I can't currently recommend this title.As a long time fan of the series, sex appeal has always been top two of reasons as why to play this game. Well DOA5LR is no disappointment. It lives up to all its fame and offers a roster that many titles can't compete with. I did preorder and with that came a wealth of outfits. I mean outfits for days. Many of them are fun and for all to see but there lay a few awesome barely covering outfits in there as well. The other of the top two reasons is fighting. DOA5LR offers many different styles of fighting and it is all so fluid. Reminds me of old school tekken 2 or tag. It really brings back some good memories of fighting games from the past but with a super sexy twist.I don't want to sit here and praise a game that actually could have been beyond amazing. Instead it has turned in to a watered down half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port, with missing features entirely to boot.  One of the glorious reasons to own a pc is for control. Well... You are stuck with the preset resolutions they offer, admittedly they do offer a 4k res but where is my 1440p res. They also completely left out the Soft engine, which gives the skin a much more pleasant and realistic look to it. NO DESTRUCTABLE CLOTHING!!! Are you kidding me! Forget the fact that you left out a super important engine that would perform better on a pc than a console but you also took out the destructable clothing!!! This is absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. At the time of my purchase it was pretty much a given that this would be the difinitive version. Then after the purchase came this sneaky update message. I am beyond disappointed and will not be able to recommend this to anyone until the Destructible Clothing  and the Soft Engine are implemented. Those are HUGE features to not implement in the PC release and will be a reason I won't support any more of your games.Further add insult to injury. Have you seen the prices for the Steam DLC  costume packages. For the current two sets it is $119.99. Out of your damn minds. I mean out of your god damn minds. I want to buy them but for closer to 90% off their asking price. More like $10 bucks per collection. Yeah that really is a middle finger to PC gamers. The $35 dollar price for the game itself is beyond fair but this other dlc stuff is wonky tonky.TECMO, Team Ninja or whoever makes the decisions. Please please please get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Add Destructible Clothing, Soft Engine and more customizable options in settings like resolution and Anti Aliasing options. Let us enjoy the game we want to. Until then I will remain strong and not recommend this title. Hope you change your mind and fix this game.Edit: So I can't get back at you in the way you got all of us, but here are the videos they want you to pay 64.99 for.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAniM8XACVQJerks."
76561198045351656,Not Recommended,311730,17174742,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,GxGamer,"You all know it: Biggest Ripoff of 2015. No Online-Multiplayer, not the promised graphics and so on. But they release one freaking costume DLC after another. And those are are sooo cheap.Screw you, developers.Whats more to say?"
,Recommended,311730,19521006,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,KLIN19,"I cant compare it with PS4 version, cause I dont have a PS4.For me its a good fighting game, just play it and fun."
,Recommended,311730,15130391,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,zzenn,"The game plays fine here, with a sub spec machine. GTX 580, i7 2600k and 32GB ram, while running a boatload of other processes at the same time. Resolution 1920x1080 FXAA. The wired xbox 360 controller also seems to work as it should, though without vibration which I'm fine with. There are multiple options for controller settings, so if something is wonky, take a look at them in-game.I think the game looks great! The figures are detailed and while it may not have an over abundance of particle effects, it does have plenty of effects in stages. Hair looks good and breasts move quite well. Not sure which version we got there, but it is pleasing to my eyes :)I've only played a little, just like everyone else reviewing at such an early time, but so far I'm happily surprised. I pre-ordered despite all the hate in various Internet forums and I'm happy I did. I played DOA way back on the PS1 and this is the first time I've picked up the title again. Well worth the purchase!I know we didn't get everything they got on PS4, but honestly I have a hard time feeling cheated. I won't miss the two stages and if you freeze framed certain scenes it is almost illustration quality.So I recommend this game to anyone reading this and also my friends. It IS a good fighting game and I could care less about ""achievements"". By the time they patch in network support, I'll have gotten enough practice to actually put up a decent fight.Thanks TECMO for bringing the game to PC. I hope to see more of your titles arrive on our platform in the future :-)"
76561198010612160,Recommended,311730,22771007,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Bjørn,"If I gonna make a fighting game, (if I could...) it would look like this....Street fighter, mortal kombat and naruto is fun, but it missin' something.. It feels like something they have sold you over and over again... Why can't I break his combo easy, throw him through the wall or in to the wall, pick him from the ground and counter his counter... I'm wonder why fighting games has really little things you can do in a fight. They are really poor in options, but DOA has never been♥♥♥♥♥♥... wonder why....You kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your targets, and you feel it too.LOVE IT!!!7 of 10 in overall..."
,Not Recommended,311730,15176891,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,AlmightySo,meh
,Recommended,311730,18361309,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Sheep,"Yeah sure, we're disappointed about the missing features but at least it's available on PC.Why not just enjoy the game? :DIf you're just counting the features then yes there are more cons than pros.♥♥♥♥♥♥GUYS LOOK AT THE TOTAL COST FOR DLC! Do you want piracy cause that is how you start piracy*"
,Recommended,311730,15136236,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Ravaill,"This is the best 3D fighting game IMHO for PC platform. It has:- real 3D mechanics (no 2.5D like USF4 and MK)- very dynamic, complex and advised combat system- there is no stupid floaty jumping. There is no jump command at all! There are, of course, possibilities to make jumping kicks, somersaults, body slams and other acrobatics but it's very personal actions for different characters. So there is no art for art's sake.- There is no exaggerated violence so I can play with my wife!- Girs, girls, girls!- Great, real 3D, multi-leveled stages with danger zones and destructable elements.- dozens of combos and throws for every character!Unfortunatelly there is no two new stages, and new particle effects that was added to PS4 version. it hurts a little, but...All the rest looks just as well (if not better).For online fights we need to wait for 3 months (WHHHYYYYY?!?), but it's the end of insufficiencies.And don't talk about soft engine - I've played the game couple of times on PS4 and saw it in action - it's tinpot feature!My machines:1. Win 7 64bit, Intel i5 3230M, 8GB RAM, GeForce GT750M.2. Win 8.1 64bit, Intel i5 2500K, 4GB RAM, Radeon HD7850.The game runs great on both of them with max settings and AA  (first with 1366x768 res and shadows res 1024x1024, and  second with 1920x1080 res and shadows res 2048x2048)!If you are Fighting Game fan - shut up and buy it!If you just want to try some fighting game - this is the best option on PC platform."
,Recommended,311730,15134150,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tatsuhoshi,"Let me start this off by saying that I own this game for both the XBox360 and the PS3.  While a lot of people are rating this game negatively, it is not because of the aspects of the game itself.So, first of all, Dead or Alive is a long-standing 3D arcade fighter hailing from the original Playstation.  It's claim to fame was filling a gap left vacant by a lack of Battle Arena Toshinden titles on that generation of consoles, and it's primary competition was Tekken, which was very mixed as to whether it was considered good or not.  What drew most people's attention back then were innovative features.  The first was battlegrounds that responded to the actions of the character.  Knocking an enemy into a mine in a minefield or into a laser fence did extra damage.  The second feature of note of the original game was boob physics.  This was actually its primary selling point, at the time, because no other game had done it at this point (that wasn't a hentai game on pc, at any rate).Fast-forward many years and DoA has gone through a lot of changes, but has been relatively true to its original concept and has even managed to expand on it.  Make no mistake, this is a fan-service title in every respect of the term.  Men have rippling muscles, women have beautiful aesthetics, skimpy outfits for both genders (as well as some silly ones); even the scenes and battlezones are right out of an otaku's wet dream.  But underneath all of this is, actually, a very solid fighting game with a very good understanding of the martial arts used by the characters.  For those of you who are looking for the more mature aspects of this title, there's plenty of 'barely there' outfits for botht he male and female characters.  The characters also sweat and get dirty as you fight, affecting both clothes and skin.Where this game excels:This game benefits greatly from the hardware available to it on a good pc.  While the specs are a little high, you will be rewarded for the fantastic visuals of this title.The fighting mechanics that drive the game are very fluid and solid.  Motions look largely natural aside from the clearly impossible wire-fu attacks of some characters, and the battles will just about always be intense and worthwhile.A wide variety of genders, fighting styles, and character costumes will give most people plenty of replay value and time.Where this game is lacking;The AI for the game is notorious, across all of the series and every platform, of blatantly cheating, and this is no exception.Timing for counters is very unforgiving.  While the AI has the capacity to do this flawlessly, you will probably be far less adept at this.Stun locks and air juggles are a bit too common for my liking, but this is no different than the console version, and has been something that has become increasingly 'unfriendly' about this game since DoA4.This game is a little heavy resource-wise.  You'll need a fairly decent computer to run everything smoothly, but if you've got that system, you will be richly rewarded with a beautiful game with beautiful men and women.Things that people complain about that aren't really a thing:No multiplayer:  Granted, this is a bit of a pain, but this is something that will be patched into te pc title a few months after release, so it's not really that it has no multiplayer as much as it simply does not have it, yet.  We WILL have multiplayer, just not right out the gate.Not using the render engine of the XBOne and the PS4:  Once again, while this is true, this is a relatively minor issue.  We don't know what technical issues there were during the port, but I'm going to assume that the developers were having too many issues with the engine for the consoles and decided to go 'tried and true' to make sure that everyone on PC would have a good and solid experience.  Therefore, since this is saving headaches and ensuring playability with minimal loss of performance, this is not an issue.Missing extra content:  This is something that is going to be patched in over time.  Some of the features not included had things involved in them that used the features of the 'Soft Engine' that caused the delay of the port in the first place.  As they work out these issues, that additional content will be patched back into the game.  They may even, eventually, release an overhaul of the game using the Soft Engine at a later point, but we don't know for certain what will and won't be patched in.  Even still, grand scheme of things, we are missing two stages....whoopedy doo.....   This is a very minor issue considering that you have a completely playable game otherwise.  We even have some costume content that the console users didn't get, or at least don't get for free."
,Recommended,311730,15139324,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Chaos1224,"I really dont get what people are complaining about. I just loaded the game up and went into the tutorial to check out the controls, and they are the exact same thing as the xbox 360 version. You can even remap them if you dont like them.As for the soft skin being missing and the two maps....this was announced a few weeks ago that they would be pulled from the game. So if people are giving this a bad review for those 2 reasons, you should do some research before buying a game. They also posted exactly what each feature would look like, and that the online modes would be patched in in 3 months. Again just people not paying attention.I recommend it. It looks good, plays smooth, its a good fighting game and definitely worth getting if you are an avid fighter junkie like me. Is it perfect? No it has a few flaws but its a very good pre-order launchUpdate: Having spent some time playing the game i have to say that people negatively reviewing this game are mistaken. I have no performance issues on my gaming laptop that has a770m (equivalent of a 660) and i get solid 60fps. The controls are flawless and exactly how they were on the console version. If you are using a k/m for this game, don’t. It is not that kind of game and you will not have fun.There are a few concerns people brought up that i understand. First there are no achievements. While this is sad, it is not that big of a con considering lots of games don’t offer achievements. I imagine they will be patched in at some point though.The save issue i did not encounter and would no recommend changing your steam ID for right now until this is fixed. The game relies on a weird local save apparently, so if yu change your steam id you lose your save. As i said, i did not notice or encounter this issue so i can’t say if it does or does not exist.And lastly, there are no graphic options. The graphics are set as they are and all you can adjust are the shadows and resolution. The graphics are equivalent to the ps4 except for the particle effects. The game still looks great despite this.If you are looking to buy this game, please take the negative feedback with a grain of salt. It works, it is smooth and it is a ton of fun if you enjoy fighters."
,Recommended,311730,15151009,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ANIMENIAC,"Well, after my ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the PS3 port of this to PC, after playing it, I gotta say the Anti Aliasing really makes the game look awesome. AND, if you have an NVIDIA 3D Vision Monitor and glasses it looks frigging AWESOME in 3D!!! 3D Jiggly♥♥♥♥♥♥ WOW!! Now I'm not sorry I got it."
,Recommended,311730,29486924,Posted: 25 January,all,Yeah Showtime,"This is a great game, so don't let any of the negative reviews fool you. Take it from me, a player that has played the entire DOA series since DOA2 Ultimate on the Xbox and has participated in offline tournaments (US, Japan).People complain about this series for stupid reasons and I don't say that as a fan. These are just the facts. Insert obligatory/arbitrary comment about the game being about boobs. Alright, I got it. Let's ignore how virtually every fighting game/video game in existence markets their game in 2015-2017. Why have ugly people in your video games? Are you and SJW that wants to control the narrative about body image or some shi? Stop reading this review and get some help.Do you want to complain about the DLC? Man, the DLC prices sure are annoying, right? Too bad the game was FREE to begin with. And welcome to PC where mods are a plenty. You want cosmetic costume DLC? Oh I don't know, why don't you download any of the FANTASTIC fan-man modded content? There's loads of costumes out there. Despite DOA already having Virtua Fighter AND KoF characters in its game (mind blowing I know), download fan-made Tekken/""insert series here"" DLC or something. It's a quick google. Trust me.Oh here we go. The uppity normie gamers out there will try and beat me to it with this one and attempt to hit me with some REAL criticism.The online experience is bad? It's not the worst. The online can always be better with ANY game, so there will always be that component of wanting the online to be better, which everyone SHOULD understand. The Steam version is slightly better than the PS4's connection wise and it has got better with every iteration.The only problem is the Steam version doesn't have lobby support yet and may never will. Okay cool. We can agree that's lame. That's something I understand. The only form of playing with someone is through rank match. I actually like this though as it pulls the population together and makes it easier to find matches.People get butthurt about ""rank match"" being the only mode in fighting games because fighting gamers typically have an ego problem (usually the lesser skilled). Fact is, I play with my friends through ""ranked match"" as if it was a regular based lobby and I've had virtually no problems. I've had first to 10 matches with no interuption from other players before.HERE'S THE MOST IMPORTANT SHI: Anyone saying Team Ninja doesn't support their fans is an idiot. Not only does Team Ninja run sponsored tournaments year round, giving out prize money and flying champions to the big tournaments (NEC), it runs a yearly Halloween Costume Contests giving fans the opportunity to immortalize their fan made costume creations in a game for eternity. How many game developers do you know do something similar?"
76561197998208556,Recommended,311730,15149655,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Moonlight,"I belong to the people, that got nearly 0 problems with this game, Xbox 360 Gamepad working fine, no FPS drops and so on.Pros :-Better graphics then expected-Gamepad working perfect-High learning curve ( 3 month no online isn't that bad to actually get better with 2-4 characters in that time )-Alot of cosmetic items ( alot of costumes where i laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off )-DOA on PC-4K support-Quick loading times-Lot of playable stages-Character Design is fantasticCons:-Sometimes the game slows down to 0.5 gamespeed which is kinda annyoing-Story Mode to short-Cosmetic DLC to expensive, 50$ for a Pack is alot-2 missing stages-Steamcloud is a must have, DoA sadly doesn't support itI give this game a 8.5 out of 10 points."
,Recommended,311730,15132958,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,LuckySev,"Its pretty fun despite the flaws, especially since I havent played a DOA in years."
,Recommended,311730,15139302,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,SteakHachey,More Dead than Alive.[EDIT] TK finally integrated official online mode.So it's 'k now.I guess.
,Not Recommended,311730,15219556,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,<*- The Pharmacist -*>,"Until they add co-op Arcade Mode back in (on top of the other slew of issues that PC gamers got with this release) I'd have to give this a resounding THUMBS DOWN.Gameplay is great but co-op was one of the biggest utilized modes in all the previous games, what the hell were they thinking!?"
,Not Recommended,311730,28877918,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dr.Mr.EonKain,"Is Dead or Alive 5 worth a buy? Kind of not really.Originally when PC Gamer told everyone that DOA5 was getting a PC release the world was hype af. But sadly when the game came out it was based on the Arcade version of the game and not the PS4 or Xbox One version.While this isn't the biggest problem the game has due to the fact that Team Ninja or Koei promised to fix the online after 3 months to no avail.Because the modding community made some 10/10 nude mods. (Google DOA 5 DLC ModPack)But instead of fixing the game like originally promised they would rather drown this game in DLC like on the consoles.It's a good fighting game, but the fact that the online is busted is what truely makes this game not worth it.Nyo Tengu and Rachel best girls."
,Recommended,311730,30633974,Posted: 20 March,all,🦊狐桜花,"While I do recommend this game as it's a very deep fighting game (seriously, it's got such a high mastery ceiling that fighting game enthusiasts can really enjoy this for years to come), there are many things you need to consider before a purchase.For example, it's been my experience so far that the game doesn't run smoothly on my machine. My machine is fairly powerful, though not really high end (i5 6600, MSI RX480 Gaming X 4GB, 16 GB DDR4 RAM, Windows 10 64-bit), and typically has no problem running most of my other games at 60 FPS or higher at 1080p.However, this game seems to run at low FPS sometimes, even with all settings set to the minimum. Now due to how fighting games work, the game locks itself to 30 or 60 FPS because attacks and other animations are tied to frame rate, and require them to be fairly constant. That's normal. However, the result will be that if your FPS is below 30, it will slow the game down during that time to an unplayable level as the moves attempt to lock into the FPS.After some Google and testing I've found that playing around with Affinity and/or Processor Priority (in the Task Manager) can generally fix the low FPS and bring it back up to 60 FPS for me, and it has for the last month or so since I bought this. It was tedious but it worked, so I never complained.However, after I updated some drivers (it was actually a Wacom driver), the game suddenly doesn't want to run at 60 FPS no matter what I've tried. After some googling, people can't seem to figure out whatexactlyis thetruefix for FPS drops, as various things work for various people seemingly at random. Anything from limiting it to 2 cores with Affinity, to updating sound drivers (which I did), to even setting it to to Windows 7 or 8 compatibility (which did nothing for me).After I write this review I will attempt more fixes as I really want it to work properly again. It's such a fun game.Also, personally I wouldn't even worry about all the whining and negative reviews talking about expensive DLC. They're mostly just optional costumes. Since when was costumes a deal breaker for fighting games? Some fighting games don't even have costumes you can change! After you buy the full game and unlock all the characters (and the 2 bonus characters), you get the full experience anyway."
,Recommended,311730,27597170,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,志成,TIDDIES GOT ME SPRUNG
76561198116989715,Not Recommended,311730,29879553,Posted: 12 February,all,Kuronan32,0/10 no proper Model Viewer or Pose Mode for research on Cosplay Outfits and how they would work. You'd think with these characters and the ridiculously overpriced character/costume DLC that'd be a no-brainer but unfortunately it seems like the Game Company are the one with no brains...
,Not Recommended,311730,29918191,Posted: 14 February,all,ｍｏｎｙａｔｔａ,"officialy beat the sims 3 for literally ""dlc: the game"""
,Recommended,311730,27809126,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,雪原の青,"https://doahdm.tumblr.com/<--This Link will take U to Dead or Alive women, clothing optional download link(18+)"
,Recommended,311730,28855428,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,UMSD1,"DoA 5 LR is overall a Good Fighting PC Game from 2015. ( unlike ******Fighter V )The gameplay is ok as always but the graphics and character models are on the gorgeous side.{ ' v ' }If you want the game for cheap then buy it full price (20 bucks when in discount).-> You will have unlocked all characters (except for 2 of them that are Dlc Only).-> Every character have from 5 to 10+ free skins, you just have to unlock them by fighting with the character !Here are some of the problems of the game :- They don't advertise the fact that there is local multiplayer- The online multiplayer is not great because there is no ""lobby"" system so it's kinda random..{ ' ~ ' }- One cannot buy costumes individualy thus the feeling that the costumes are overpriced.. because you have to buy a set of 10-20 costumes for juste 1 or 2 costumes that piked you interest{ ° - ° }- For some controllers there might be essues, mainly XboxOne.. but there are simple ways to solve those essues.- The game is not Steam-Cloud compatible so you will have to backup you save file manually.. Or else, if life happens.. save is gone !{ T - T }"
76561198031560299,Not Recommended,311730,21104423,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,shawz0311,"XBONE controller doesn't work on windows 10, waited for a patch, third time purchasing this game after two refunds, another refund just submitted, done with this one for good."
76561197993239157,Recommended,311730,26171837,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,BOOMking,"Fun fighting game. Lacks features compared to other releases, and (completely optional) DLC is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly priced, but for single-player gamers, it's more good than bad."
76561198317317444,Recommended,311730,26440701,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,KillerXveX,"Great game came from ps3 and psp vita to pc steam version only downside I feel there is, is that the online doesnt have lobbys and simmple match itd bring alot of fun back to the game. Just my opionon tho"
,Recommended,311730,29837730,Posted: 10 February,all,GunGuitarist,"Pretty fun fighting game, but crashes constantly."
76561198022650165,Not Recommended,311730,21370362,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Funkatron,im gonna have an orgy in a forest with 10 men and im gonna wack them all off no homo
,Recommended,311730,26272932,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,NeonPsycho,"Very fun, despite having to individually purchase the ♥♥♥♥ing characters, which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Though, I guess if you get the full game package, it's cheaper than what it originally was. One question though: WHY IS THERE A GIANT ♥♥♥♥ING BUDDHA STATUE IN THE MIDDLE OF ♥♥♥♥ING TOKYO CITY???"
76561198146424718,Recommended,311730,29839817,Posted: 10 February,all,Kingsman Candarian,So the consoles get 2 extra stages and a 4th breast mode but the pc version looks better (I also have it on ps4). Getting this is on a steam sale makes it quarter of the console price which allows you to afford some rad dlc. GET IT ON PC!!!
,Not Recommended,311730,25899490,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,46,"jesus joseph and mary what the HELL are you people doing?just about time everyone forgets about this colossal wreck you have to go and dig it up again...I wonder what's changed!Apparently the keyboard controls are still unchangeable should you ever be unfortunate enough to launch this monstrosity without a controller or a stick plugged inThe netplay is still a joke.basically they ported the arcade version overnow in an arcade you kinda sit there till some guy on another machine challenges younow imagine that but on a continental scale. you just sit there till some guy from vancouver throws an error message on your screen.BUT SHOULD YOU MANAGE TO GET INTO A MATCH THE NETCODE HOO BOY THE NETCODEREMEMBER AOL SEVEN POINT OH?!?!?!??!maybe one day i will work up the motivation to see if throws still have a habit of crashing the game.just in case i left that scenario too ambiguous there is no way to intentially set up a match in this gamenot even with direct ipthat feature that's been in the touhou poverty fighters since SWRthat feature that was in carnival phantasm bonus disc.like seriously KT you aint no coffee shop operation handle your♥♥♥♥♥♥the kicker is they couldnt even bring their money making scheme up to parity with the ps3/360 versionslike i had ultimate and you could buy each and every costume individually and boy i dont miss sorting through that list with a controller.but steam LOL BUNDLES ONLY.I dont know what kind of excuse they have for this either, like train simulators have been selling all kinds of piddling individual trains since george bush was in office.oh and another thingwith the way core fighters has rearranged how you buy the game, you can no longer family share it.even if you bought the game and dlcs beforehand.everyone has to buy their own bikinis now sorry bucko.Stop dragging this shambling, bleeding, defecating mess across the store page, the sooner you stop the sooner we can all observe the bangkok rule and forget that this ever happened."
76561198032519362,Not Recommended,311730,25933583,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Skag3k,"This is buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥- bad port of arcade version of the game. Online fighting usually laggish finding the opponents is not easy task freezing (online) is common thing. Xbox controller at some point refused to work properly.Just try PS4 version and feel the difference. Never feed the greedy KOEI, do not buy any stuff of them on PC. Never."
76561198016111971,Not Recommended,311730,25970651,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MarsMaChin,"Awful online gameplay. Ranked Only (no sense of community). Tecmo Koei invested their time and money into flooding their servers with 'free to players', rather than actually creating a proper online lobby. I will never purchase another tecmo or teamninja product."
76561198269395244,Not Recommended,311730,29855388,Posted: 11 February,all,The Perfect Bidoof,I loved this game back on my ds lite and so from my good memories i got it on pc cause it was free i launched it and saw oh no mouse and i was like ok whatever then i wanted to change some setting.I discovered there areA: To graphic settings at least i cant find any if there are so you're stuck in windowmode and barely any AAB: This game as sad as it is is barely unplayeable without an overpriced inaccurate crappy controllerC: Last but not least you cant even change the keyboard mapping so you're stuck with M to select and L to go backAnd also i would say nearlly all positive reviews are from people that own a controller :)
,Recommended,311730,28542815,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,UFO_boxing,"Awesome game! Great way to spend time when you're bored, it has fun mechanics and both easy combos for the casual players and more advanced combos that would take a bit of work to master. Even though the DLC's are way too overpriced, the game itself has a lot to offer, the only worthy DLC's are the ones that gives you 2 additional characters (Naotora Li and Mai from KOF). So yeah, I highly reccomend this game despite the overpriced DLC's it has."
76561198104084550,Recommended,311730,27141666,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,s.a.i,"it is a very unique and valueable game to me bcuz with high grapic,also there are a lot of moves of skill.I am not gonna make a long review, ^^ preety lazy. I hope the creator will '' IMPROVE '' this game . i TOTALLY like this game."
,Recommended,311730,28919592,Posted: 1 January,all,/////Alpine,"best fighting game I've ever have played....so nice charachters and graphics, and music.but its a hard to play game.. but i love it..negative things:, I don't like the story so much.the online matchmaking is not very good and you have to wait so long time, even if you want to play with your friends online, you have to go ranked and decline all random requests until you face your friend, and that su** hard..I still recomend it because when you have friends offline at home it is so much fun and you can play with 1-4 Player. and single mods are a lot of fun too."
,Recommended,311730,30824830,Posted: 29 March,all,StrikeFreedomOS,This game is pretty dank
76561198125957560,Not Recommended,311730,29854309,Posted: 11 February,all,Ｓｐｒｉｔｅ　Ｃａｎ,It has potential!
,Recommended,311730,29908960,Posted: 13 February,all,One Fang,"I'm only recommending this game because its a free starter version. Now if you were planning on buying the full game, i'd say buy it on xbox one or ps4. The pc port is lacking what the console version offers. Even the older version of Ultimate upgraded to last round offers more than the pc port."
,Recommended,311730,25718974,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,CaptainDouchePants,"This game is  pretty good if you play it single player, most of the complaints are about online part.Different characters feel pretty different, with some advantages, disadvantages, and it does feel like one has use some startegy rather then simple button mashing (except the easiest settings). It could use more levels and possibly more fighting modes but for it is pretty good as is.Online is pretty dead, so if that's what you are looking for you should probably skip this one. DLCs are overpriced, but also unnecessary, and sometimes they go on sale so I don't really see that as a problem"
76561198141074840,Not Recommended,311730,24267092,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,LegendaryShazam,The game keeps going into the slow motion effect and can't be played at a standered pace. Also can't play with your friends online and DLC is way too expensive. This game is not even worth $20 it should have been $10 due to so many problems.
,Recommended,311730,28192931,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,- > ADK <-,im a fight game lover and i rly enjoy this one u can hf with this pretty game + MK series( but not this new MKX juggling bug ♥♥♥♥♥tt )
76561198007841427,Not Recommended,311730,16899083,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Ookami,"This could have been good but it's only for people that don't own it already or people that are too lazy to turn on the console its on, For those that wanted to know it is a good fighter game like the rest of the DoA game but is useless compaired with the console versions"
76561198172770303,Not Recommended,311730,16971305,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,maspram,"i loved how the character looks in DOA5, its more 'human' to mebut i think it's the bad DOA port, it lacks of feature on console we have to pay the same amount of pricein addition of the horribly price of the DLC (WTH!!! it's the same price as the full game just for one f***ing costume DLC?!)it's really dissappoint me as this game's fan since DOA3, this DOA5 has turned to more and more 'gravure-fighting' game without much improvement in game feature itself. maybe just a super-perverted-rich-gamer would buy this game complete with DLC.  why don't you provide stages or character new combos, for making this game more fun.well i'm a little bit regret for buying this"
76561197984874176,Not Recommended,311730,18332302,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,DefKnoL,This game is incomplete at best and some functionality does not even work - like multiplayer whether online or local.
,Not Recommended,311730,18451830,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Undeadpoet,$75 for a costume set? Someone is smoking crack.
76561198049993463,Not Recommended,311730,26590045,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Procedurally Generated Birb,"Suddenly free to play? Really?♥♥♥♥♥♥move.I paid because I had to, and there were no signs of this ever going free-to-play.It's a damn shame I can't sell back 80% of the characters and get money back, because most of them I don't even use or even want."
,Recommended,311730,26976678,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gavweb123,i never played the other doa games but this one is pretty good.
76561197971930833,Not Recommended,311730,29859000,Posted: 11 February,all,Mibeshu,"My favourite fighting game series. I was so excited to play this when I first heard it was coming to PC only to find that it didn't initially come with online multiplayer. Fast forward to this weekend and I find out I can play it for free with a limited selection of characters. Great! Try before I buy.Like the other games in the series, it's fluid and fun and doesn't rely on 100 hit combos. The graphics look great and the characters are fun to fight as. I can happily ignore the DLC prices by just never buying any extra costumes.What I can't ignore is the poor online experience. The only option is to play in ranked matches against random people, so no fighting friends and no casual lobbies. I spent over an hour today (half an hour here, half and hour there) trying to fight someone online only to see 'Opponent cancelled the fight' again and again. Of the two people who I did manage the fight, the latency was so unplayable they both quit. Considering that Speedtest says my ping is below 30 and speed is high, I can't imagine it's coming from my end.Really disappointed with the half-arsed attempt at this game. I still love the series but this is a poor showing.Perhaps if they sell enough of Ayane's underwear in DLC, they'll make a DOA6 with real multiplayer next time. Hope springs eternal."
76561197970872396,Recommended,311730,27466901,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sleazy P.,This game has great physics.The dlc just left me puzzled though.. seriously ..
,Recommended,311730,27506741,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FUZE,I love this game. I love girl charactor so much ♥♥♥♥
76561198070764069,Not Recommended,311730,29604436,Posted: 31 January,all,UzumeWlia-KotokoD.A.S,i have all the older tittles in here (including DOAX 1 and 2)ps2 xbox they are all good funso why not DOA5 on PC well it was terrible mistake no real online supporttotaly no lobbys so play with friends is not option some things that aretotaly missing and some DLC is even more expensive than game alone.but since i see DOAX3 is limited in asia only and will not go to western regioni have feeling that Team Ninja will be limiting the DOA series even more forasia only in future my over all fate in TN and DOA series falls down and this portdoes not help at all.the game is fun but i cant recommend this its not only becuase of bad port butalso how TN lately treats the DOA series and its fanbase.
76561197970538156,Recommended,311730,29929146,Posted: 14 February,all,plasmajam,"New to the genre, game and series. I recommend this game and enjoy it quite a bit. Controls are intuitive for me and the fight moves seem realistic and brutal. The visuals are top notch and it is obvious to me, after watching so much MMA, the devs did not hire mere ""poser's"" to create the fighting content in DOA5. The detail and hard work put into the graphics is amazing...it makes me wonder, why do I want to buy outfits for my fighters? Why would I shamelessly spend my money on ninja costumes and bikinis? Why do I play this game when my wife isn't looking?Gameplay (fighting) and visuals are DOA5's strong points-9.3I have Win10-64...the game is stable about 99% of the time. Frequent crashes when I try to get out of the game, not in...or during matches, so not a big deal to me. Very well done and the in game music is good.Low point would have to be the sheer expense one must put out to be able to enjoy all the DLC/content for the PC."
,Not Recommended,311730,15926106,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Alexisse,"I think this game has a good potential but it wasn't finished at its release, and it's still unfinished (online game still not available...). I believe that Team Ninja will make a great fighting game but it will take time. So i don't recommend it yet but wait and see."
,Not Recommended,311730,25852227,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,หมายืด,Thanks for made me bought this game and make it free :D
,Not Recommended,311730,31535558,Posted: 3 May,all,学ｌｅｄｇｙ/ face,"""*Sigh* looks like Team Ninja screwed me over again""- D.O.A fan"
76561198064261158,Not Recommended,311730,20140029,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Danger-ous,Worked pretty well on windows 8 but not so well on windows 10. lets hope team ninja isnt working on a windows 9...
76561198219932543,Recommended,311730,22704056,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Alice,"I though this game is brilliant for fighting fans, loads of characters and changes of clothes included, so there is no need to buy any dlc at all.Lots of variety, in the way of arenas, all the characters you fight with, all feel genuinely unique not just copy and paste.Lovely pick up and play feel to the game and controls which a fighting games usaually lives or dies by.Runs as smooth as butter.Just be careful you don’t click 2 many buttons at the start of the game, or you will miss the full screen and setting options.If you’re into fighting games, this is a nice game for your library."
76561198034269013,Not Recommended,311730,23563626,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,edumacacion,"I'm not sure what happened. I played it and the graphics on the beach are amazing. My computer harddrive has been getting worse lately. However,  all my other games run fine. While, this game  has also been extremely unstable. It updated recently and now I can't even run it. I checked my profile. I'm not vac banned and I haven't modified the game. However, no matter what I do. Redownloading the files or anything I try. Nothing works. Apparently, there is a custom launcher not made by team ninja that could work but if that is the case why doesn't team ninja make that the official launcher. Anyway, I've never tried and as a result. I'll never get to finish playing. I beat the story mode, but still. This pretty much just sporadically happened. It could have happened at anytime. There is no reason I should have been able to beat the story."
76561198180484345,Not Recommended,311730,29834584,Posted: 10 February,all,integrab20tec,why cant i full screen in this game
,Not Recommended,311730,15134986,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Fred of The Durst VI.5,Actual release date: June 2015Will recommend when the full version comes out:)
,Not Recommended,311730,15142152,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Infiniti,"I feel cheated by Tecmo. Marie Rose launched on the PS3 -https://youtu.be/KCh_KwOInZc?t=1m2sAnd they expect ME to pay £50 to unlock the schoolgirl outfit seen in the above link???http://store.steampowered.com/app/358141/?snr=1_5_9__405(fourth picture, first costume)F*** THAT!I can play DoA 2 Ultimate on my XBOX 1 and EVERYTHING is on the Disc, unlike this game!"
,Not Recommended,311730,15268437,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Taihou,"Core Game  is decent enough to enjoy even for a non-fighting game player like me, albeit missing many features due to stupidity of Team Ninja. Still a good purchase if on discount and you are not obssessed with having all DLC or features.Visual is ok with decent frame rate as long as you are ignoring the fact that soft enginge is missing and some effects are only console level since it is a port.Overall, a game that should be ported decently (and the core game priced reasonably for me) but only gets screwed by Team Ninja and KOEI (maybe?).I would rather spend a hundred bucks on KanColle instead of the DLCs given the stupid anti-mod statement if I ever bother to spend that much on this.And rated down for1. Dev's disdains towards modding. It is just STUPID, period.2. Overpriced DLC (which luckily is just costume not characters at least)3. Apparently the console devs are experiencing some culture shocks from first time seeing things on steam and the global PC community."
,Not Recommended,311730,15134440,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Steve Rogers,a really insincere game
76561198120219468,Not Recommended,311730,15134973,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,hutim940222,"Not a good port. I would say its a bad one.Old engine with missing maps, and sold at the same price as PS4 version...not to mention the DLCs, they're way too pricey and even cost more than the game itself."
,Not Recommended,311730,15135828,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Devanstator,The game is unplayable for me. It launches but is completely unresponsive when displaying the save notice and won't allow me to continue to the main menu. This bug is completely game-breaking and I recommend saving your money until a lot more work has gone into this port.
,Not Recommended,311730,15139143,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,BOT Yoshino (四糸乃),This game is like taking an awesome version and making a ghetto version of it. Not giving this a thumbs up until they bring it up to standard as already mentioned in other reviews.
,Not Recommended,311730,15142895,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,rikiohipman,"Pretty cool fighting game, but a bloody awful port, aside from the missing graphical features from the PS4 version, this game has cut content as well such as missing stages, controller support is very lackluster, either your gamepad or stick will work poorly or not at all, keyboard is not configurable, no steam clound, achievements and online for atleast 3 months.this game is indeed dead on arrival."
76561198070642267,Not Recommended,311730,15198337,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Navaje87,I feel kind of ripped off. Makes me want to go find a dreamcast and doa so i can remember how good it was.
,Recommended,311730,15127936,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Infinite Retro,"Been waiting a long time for this, but the port is superb. despite missing 2 stages, ps4 effects and the soft engine, at 1080p with  the effects we do have it more than makes up for it. for a fighter  you dont need it higher than 60fps so thats a non-issue for me. Absolutely love this game."
,Not Recommended,311730,15129127,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SeanDKnight,"If you are looking to play with friends online, then hold off on purchasing Dead or Alive 5 as its online modes are not available yet. Not only that, but it is missing other features as well for a game that has been released for the PC platform. There are no Steam Achievements, Steam Trading cards, Cloud Saves, force feedback, and it is missing two stages that are available on its PS4/XB1 counterparts.(this is not a review, but one will be forthcoming soon)Why You Shouldn’t Buy Dead or Alive 5 Last Round on PC:http://www.castlepyramid.com/why-you-shouldnt-buy-dead-or-alive-5-last-round-on-pc-2015/"
,Not Recommended,311730,15155973,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Fox234,"I wish I could return this. Koei Techmo really fell through. I pre-ordered because I enjoyed Dynasty Warriors 8 XL. Tecmo demanding no mods, but then hosing the PC community of features, and on top of that realeasing $50-$60 DLC as if this is going to be Game of the Century. There is really no reason to buy this over the console version.  Tecmo should work to update the PC version to XB1/PS4 version, but we all know that won't happen. I'd be shocked if we got full controller support, and keyboard config. Other than that it's just DoA 5, minus graphics features, online mode (I doubt they'll add it now they're being called out for being crap) 2 maps, and Steam features. They should either add the feaures, or price the game at what it's really worth. $20+DLC. If you insist on making bad PC ports then at least charge fairly. This version is missing the XB1/PS4 features, has no Steam features, has a near broken save system on PC (if you use special characters in your name your game won't save) yet costs the same.Edit- If you're disappointed in the graphics as I was then use SweetFX. Apparently fans acted fast, and in 24hrs added SweetFX configs that really make the graphics pop.Everything you need to know about this terrible developer can be seen in TotalBiscuit's video ""Lets not play Koei Techmo's PC Ports"".Update 2/16Almost a year after, and this game is still a complete mess. Online has been abandonded by the developer, the engine was never updated (still PS3 goodness), and DLC has become the biggest joke on the planet. To buy the game, and all DLC it would cost you over $400 dollars. This was a cash grab game release. The devs got their money, and fled."
76561198095298254,Not Recommended,311730,15281392,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,QueTheMadman,"This version, what can i say:If you have a console, or not into modding, steer clear of this version. While the gameplay is solid, the missing features are a hard pill to swallow. The only ccontroller that functions is the xbox 360 controller for windows. It wont work right with any other controller. On the other hand, I experienced absolutley NO framerate poblems at 1080p with FXAA on. The game has a nice size roster. I just cant reccomend anyone this version over the PS4/xbox one versions other than texture hacking. That's it."
76561198115105458,Not Recommended,311730,15151562,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,ABK94,I got 4GB RAM but how come insufficient memory? Want to close all my application. Is it only me in this situation?
76561198019731547,Recommended,311730,15161994,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,(バイケン)devinkilp,"Ok just to start the game is great and a ton of fun. No its not the most competitive fighter nor is it the most indepth but its pure fun. Now comes the hard part, do I recomend you get this game or not? Well PC got F*cked yet again. The game playes fine so no complaints there but we got a downgraded version of the game. Why did we get a worse version of the game you may ask? Well simply put they think PC isnt worth the time but theres money to be had so we got something. So do I recomend buying the game? Well there are two things to consider.1. You can support the game so we might get the chance of having more DOA and other fighting games but then you are saying your ok with a lesser version.2. You can not buy the game and show Team Ninja that you dont support a lesser version but then miss out on a very fun fighter and we may not get another DOA becuase the game didnt make money.I think PC deserves to have the better version of the game (soft engine and all the other things that got cut) but at the same time the game is still great. Each character has their own fighting style with everything from drunken fist to Karate. The game is quite easy to learn but I would say hard to master and there is a nice balence between grabs, combos and counters. Game has over the top costumes and stages, feint of heart or serious players will probaly feel unconfortable fighting a busty girl in a bikini as a ninja in santa gear.Overall im happy we got DOA at all on PC but at the same time I wish we got the full version (or best version) of the game. Maybe with time and Mods we will get the soft engine or something close to it. For now I will recommend the game just due to the fact the game runs fine and isnt a horible port. If the online is crap when it comes out or we dont get good mod support I may change it to a not recommended. Ending advise.....only buy if you love DOA and dont mind playing offline and a lesser version."
76561198098062551,Recommended,311730,30181347,Posted: 25 February,all,Predeadator,love this game with freinds and two controllers
,Not Recommended,311730,15136351,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Lodan Zark,To accept this PC port you must really be Open Mind by bend over and shaking your butt to the naughty Devs!!!
,Recommended,311730,15235862,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Xana Seven,"Though I understand some of the negative criticism, such as the temporary lack of online play, I do, however, I think a lot of the other negative comments are a little harsh and unwarranted.  Arcade and console games from Japan are often terrible ports and apart from a few exceptions there’s very few fighting games on the PC worth playing.This port works. It’s graphics are great especially in 4k and very smooth fps. The texture resolution is more than adequate for the stages and the character models have superb detail.I know some people dislike the removal of the Soft Engine, but if you’re that desperate for realistic jiggly boobs then there’s many other ways to get your fix. Not exactly game breaking is it. “The wobbliness of the boobs are all wrong.. GAAAA~Tableflip”  Get over it.Controls works perfectly, plug in a good controller and it feels just like the playstation version. what more can you ask?The menus and graphics are perfectly fine. Some fonts could have been redone a bit higher res but this port is not the broken mess that Dark Souls was.Dead or Alive 5 plays, and plays well.  And online will arrive soon.  Yes I know it was odd to release without that feature and that is a big turn off for many, but the feature is coming. many other game ports have left those kind of features out all together.  Once it does there’s no reason to knock this game.The PC needs more games from Japan’s arcades ported across so I will applaud this release for being one of the better efforts, if it just encourages other games to make their way over to the PC."
76561198057825908,Recommended,311730,15294711,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Ballin,"Honestly the game is getting a bad rap because of Koei's stance on Modding but the actual game is solid, still one of the best 3D fighters I've played.There's been all around improvements from DOA5 and DOA5U, LR being the product of much polishing. All the chracters I spent my hard earned cash on are now included in the game plus 2 new characters and a ton of costumes are included that used to be DLC.I've heard that controller support could be better, but i'm running my ps3 control to work as a Xbox 360 control and it works perfectly for me.All around it's a great release if you're a fan of DOA, it's a bummer that we have 1 less stage and we don't have the soft engine on the PC version but you gotta give the console guys something with how little there is on the new consoles. They also could've approached DLC better, having to buy the packs together rather than being able to buy the costumes seperately was a pretty dumb descision (especially since each pack costs more than the actual game), but at the end of the day it's just DLC and you don't really need it.***Edit****At this point i'm kinda salty about the lack of Online, despite being close to 4 months past what they'd originally planned, fighting computers only has so much novelty, I got a pretty good amount ofenjoyment out of the game but I probably won't be putting alot of time into it until the online fully comes out."
,Recommended,311730,15621581,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,TellJoolz,"This is a great game. I don't understand why the reviews have been so negative.If you like the DOA series, you should like this.As usual with DOA, the models, scenery, clothing, fighting mechanics and animations are all beautiful.Equally expected of the DOA games, the dialog is cheesy and the story is kinda corny.If you're not obsessed with boob physics, (or maybe even if you are), you wont miss the 'Soft Engine'.Everything seems to 'animate' sufficiently in that regard.I think the anti aliasing and the minimal hardware requirements for such great performance make it a great experience. I don't feel like it is a poor PC port at all."
,Not Recommended,311730,15509722,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,ClimberTy,"Nothing like the past DOA games, doesn't even play with the resolution of 2560x1440 (27"" monitor). I have to down rez it to play. Pretty bad port in my mind and I was really hoping it was going to be worth it."
76561198040476475,Not Recommended,311730,32381992,Posted: 12 June,all,Smokey,"Simply cannot recommend this game since there are no true survival mode (unless 10 battles can be called survival mode) +story mode are rather short and force you to play with only some of the characters 19 out of 38 you get to play with and only 3 battles with each :/Note: this game used to cost 20€ full base price! and bought it myself on 75% sale = 4.99€but now they doubled the base price and added a tons extra dlc's that you wont get ""you get the same now as i did when i bought the game for 4.99€ were base price was 19.99€.Ps. unless you get 90% discount then i cannot recommend this no matter how much you like fighting games!devs/publishers behind this game think we fap while playing since they dare to charge 1247.30€ for all dlcs(you can buy a new car for that price or 30 milfs for a month ;)"
,Not Recommended,311730,15202542,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Kowk,"This is a prime example of a bad port. While it runs smoothly and I've had no glitches or crashes, the missing features are a big NO for me. Would totally recommend it if the missing features will be patched."
,Recommended,311730,15143930,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,www.ninemil.com,"""Solid port of the arcade version - perfect for the newcomer, lacking for a series fan who has access to a current gen console.""+ Runs flawlessly in 4k, and looks appealing despite the aging assets.+ The added image clarity is an even trade-off against the particle effects and skin shader that the more recent PS4/bone engine has, (that this port of the arcade version, hasn't.)+ Controller response is noticeably faster, making advanced holds and counters easier.+ Fun to play solo as a newcomer to the series, if you've not got access to a console and the option of buying the network enabled full release. I'd also venture anyone new to the series will need the three month delay before the online patch arrives, to learn the game. Otherwise, they'll play a couple of ranked matches, get cakewalked by a decent player, and then quit anyway.- Nothing here for a long term fan of the series, if they have access to a PS4/bone. Buy it on console instead.- A very limited number of controllers work properly on release. (DS3/4 is a safe bet, DS4 needs no wrapper.)- DLC pricing is lower value for money, compared to PSN, (not sure about Live.)"
,Recommended,311730,15328679,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,g@laxy,+DOA on PC+I had full 360 controller support right from Big picture mode.-no PS4 quality everything. Turning AA on helps a ton.I had no problems running it on an i3 1080P with a GeForce GTX 745 with AA and Shadows on.
76561197982893207,Recommended,311730,15192811,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Godwin,"It's unfortunate about the missing stage and the gimped graphics, but it still looks good, and it plays very good.I disagree with the choice to give PC players such a weird and obviousy 'lesser' version, but again, the game, the fighting mechanics, the tutorials, the music, tag team, the roster, the stages... all really nice.And I really like the fighting mechanics, with holds, throws, strikes, counter-holds and stun etc.. Really nice.So, I recommend it if you like fighting games and want to try it out, and I recommend to Team Ninja to patch in later all the stuff the PS4 people have ^^."
,Recommended,311730,15133041,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Zurry,"All the negative reviews don't talk about the actual game. The game itself is awesome, characters are great, mechanics are great, lots of content. I have a gtx 670m and an i7-3610QM running the game perfectly. I'm having a great time and I didn't even think about the missing features because I had no idea they were there in the first place. Now that I know about them I still don't care because the game is good and the performance is good.Things missing:AchievementsSteam Cloud2 StagesSoft Engine/ visual effects equivalent to PS3 verison.Rumble supportOnline play coming later.None of those things are relevant for my enjoyment of the actual game.Who knows, they might patch that♥♥♥♥♥♥in later when they add online play.Do you like DOA? Do you like fighting games? Do you like japanese ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t?If yes then get it or get it on sale."
,Recommended,311730,15204440,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,LarsKusanagi,"Great to have this in, including Mod support (still, I'm not sure if it's like in Netherrealm/WB & Marvel games instead of like in SF games since I've never made a mod for 3d modeled fighting games before. UPDATED: Now has similar modding as SF's Modding); Gamepad is unlike Deadpool's, a bit; current gen graphic, despite it's AC port & yet still effective to all PC graphics cards like those PC Street Fighter games but unlike most of post-2007 Marvel games, even Netherrealm Studio Games (no counting MK AC Collection).However, stages, soft-engine are not the only one:* Missing pre-DOA4 series Musics (sans Ein) (UPDATE as of Core Fighters) + VF series Musics* No Changing Language Voice on different characters like in Street Fighter X Tekken* Can't rotate camera on spectator mode like in DOA5U* VF characters (mostly to 4 main protagonists) are more like copy paste with a little bit changes (duh, it's pretty simple: no taunts & no alternate language voice exclusive of this game)Sometimes i wish Akira got his voice files update from that Fighting Climax 2D fighting game, including Pai & Jacky should have most of their voice files from pre-VF5FS in too for some useful part (mostly Tag), but i dunno about Sarah & nothing to say about it. Also kinda wish Durarara's Shizuo in too as the last character/DLC/guest fighter if there's announcement for Dengeki Bunko collaboration for Fighting Climax's Western release Promo"
,Not Recommended,311730,15156326,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,cyxceven,"There's a good DOA game in there.It's also very pretty. Closer to next-gen rather than last-gen consoles, looking at comparisons. It's missing the effects, soft-engine and LR chest motion. It'll eventually get an online fighting mode too, so no knee-jerk worries there. Those missing stages worry me, though.But at this price, with the annoying Xinput controller mapping bugs, I simply cannot recommend it until that gets patched.In my case this involves the triggers being swapped with start and select. Preferably we could remap them in-game, but this is currently impossible. This is a simple fix that is currently taking far too long to implement.5/27 patch includes no fix for this controller issue.7/16 still no fix."
76561198010867550,Recommended,311730,15135536,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Elflord,"Seen a lot of negative opinions about the latest news on this game.I have been dying to own DOA5LR in PC (since the delays)Fine it doesn't have some of the PS4 features or rings. I don't own a PS4 so I rather have it without that than not have it. Or else, can always purchase a PS4.I say, bravo for releasing it. Hope it gets polished with some update and will be waiting for the online mode to come out.BTW I run it at 60hZ at 1920x1080 under Win 8.1 with a i52500 3.3 and a GTX560 1Gb, 8 Mb RAM, with everything maxed except the AA which I set at FXAA.Thumbs up!"
76561198075122351,Recommended,311730,15145435,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Joe Beezy,"Dead or Alive 5: Last Round - PCGameplay - 8/10Graphics - 7/10Improvements - 6/10Fun - 9/10Overall - 7.5My Specs:Alienware i7 X516G RAMV.C. NVIDIA GeForce 650tiHHD 2TBThe gameplay seems solid through all my testing. My game never crashed. I have had no issues at all, but sometimes, when a lot is going on in a scene, like explosions and war, I will get lag, and frames per second will fall pretty low, but only with all the settings at max, and on 1080p, with a 55"" HDTV for a monitor, meaning 1680x1050 Resolution.The game is dangerously fun and addictive. Beware! Clear your schedule!Improvements haven't gone extremely far for the PC release, but some things have been done, so it's best to mention them. 4k graphics are always nice, Anti-Aliasing can be used, Breast Motion is an option, with 3 settings, Button mapping for the Windows compatible Xbox 360 Controller is great, and new stages, outfits and characters are there as well. The textures have only improved a bit, which is why the score barely goes above an average (5/10), but itdoesgo above average (6/10).This does not use the PS4 or Xbox One versions as a comparison. It is a review of the game as I see it, on it's own, on PC. This is my opinion, and all are free to share their's as well. I have not used Online play as a factor at all. If the game does not have Online play for now, so be it. I would rather have it working and late than early and broken. I will likely edit this post when Online play is available. For now, I've reviewed it based on what it has, and what has been improved, and of course, how much fun my experience with the game was."
76561198052190815,Recommended,311730,15151211,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,matt99j,"I spent an incredible amount of time on DOA 2 for dreamcast,after that i couldn't buy the next gen consoles and never got to play DOA3 ,4 etc...when i saw they made DOA5 PC i didn't even think twice and i bought it right away.i saw all the negative reviews, but i must be one of these guys without a problem !seriously : console games are ALWAYS poorly ported to pc, (yes there are some exceptions)my expectations were low, but still the game is perfectly smooth, my pad ( razer ) didn't put up a fightand i had an awesome blast from the past. The fighting system is as good as always, very reactive.At this point, yes there is no internet match, yes the DLC prices are scandalous, but hey, wait for a steam sale guys !I do not know how it looks on PS4, and i dont know about this soft engine, i'll check it out, but if it is about particles and effect being 2% better looking .... is it really that important ?so, all i'm saying is, apparently with the right spec the game will run perfectly, the pad works fine, give them a little time and they will patch it all up . And also, releasing a game that is ""not finished"" is kind of the thing that everybody does these days ... except for blizz ... but it takes them 15 years to release one...you're a fan of DOA ? you got a pc but not a ps4 or box1 ? go for it ! you're stingy about money ? wait for a sale ."
,Recommended,311730,15187045,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Crash,"For a game ported to the PC, I can say that it works brilliantly unlike a lot of games as of late, e.g final fantasy 13, ResidentEvil Revelations 2...If you're actually wanting a good fighting game to play then I can easily reccomend it for the PC, combos are so fun and fluid to pull off and once you really start to learn the game it's a lot of fun, I look forward to playing it online when they patch it in."
76561198101697564,Recommended,311730,15297061,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Keithan,"7/10 - No online (6/10)As one of those titles who comes from the golden age of videogames, the Dead or Alive franchise has to meet certain expectations. The core formula is still the same as the late 90's PSX release: babes and bouts, and the tagline can still be the same as well: there's much more behind the gorgeous busts in this fighting game.The graphics looks decent, but being the latest iteration of an older title is not top notch, the previous generations of fighting game had remarkable graphics, sadly this aspect is being overlooked lately, of course it is still totally nice and enjoyable, but it is not something as revolutionary as it was back in the days. On the other hand the design is extremely beautiful, the models are perfect and the characters have a magnetic appeal and a wide variety, it is impossible to not find someone to pick and like. Moreover there's an impressive number of outfits for each character, the costumes DLC are too pricey (2x times the cost of the game each) but there's enough variety in the game even without those DLC. Moreover the mod community seems to be pretty excited about this game, so much that the first mod came out in less than 24 hours. It was a nude mod but it counts as well. The stages are rich in variety and interactivity, and also for that the battles are still spectacular, flashy and fast paced. The cinematic camera option allows for some satisfying moments, especially when one of the players is send crashing throught a wall and then down in the street and the fight continues outside the building, or when the battle unfolds on raft moving down a waterfall.The core gameplay is fun: easy to pick but hard to master. It is rare to have depth and simplicity in a fighting game. Alternative titles such as Virtua Fighter or Tekken are much harder to approach for newbies. The basic system is an intuitive triangle one: strike beats grab, hold/defend beats strike, grab beats hold/defend. The game is overall very offensive, with a fast paced gameplay: strikes have a great variety of range and angles and allows the attacker to build pressure; the player on the defensive can turn the tables around by timing an hold right or has the option to keep his defense up hoping not to be crushed in the meantime. A lot of dept is added by strategic use of guard breaks and stun moves, togheter with critical burst ( some sort of super moves) and by spacing strategies which are essential to master at an higher level. The interaction with stages is still there and it is an active part of the fighting strategy. Balanced match are not onesided: juggle and long comboes do not hinder too much the defensive options, there is always some window to turn the tide with a well timed hold. Usually the fights boils down to who makes the best guess and who controls the space better. It is extremely fun to play versus any human player around the same ability level, meanwhile the AI is usually good at holding, almost on godly level if you set maximum difficulty, but it seems quite easy to fool if you know how to space properly. It is always challanging and fun to fight until a cetain level of mastery.The tag-team mode adds another layer of complexity to an already deep gameplay, forcing the player to rethink strategies and to perform new tag-team comboes to keep the pressure up.The big issue is the absence of online play on release, and today that's one of the most important option in a fighting game. Yes there's plenty of game modes avaible and a very rich, long and enjoyable story mode with fully animated CS, but in the long run the game longevity suffers from the lack of online play.The PC port has a decent quality if compared to the console versions, however much more could have been done to improve the graphics. Ultimately once these small problems are set aside what remains is a solid game with a great cast of characters. It is definitely a fighting game with attitute, and for its price on steam it is well worth picking if you're into fighting games, for a first timer who's not too picky and enjoys the graphics design and the characters it is a good starting point.7/10"
,Recommended,311730,20626096,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,lolyourmom,"You see, I'm a simple guyI see girls in bikinis, I recommend"
,Not Recommended,311730,20663619,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,PikaCommando,If only the gameplay is as fine as the ladies in it.
,Recommended,311730,29850799,Posted: 11 February,all,Nyctar™ 雪,YeesI fap to this game
,Recommended,311730,15136717,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Steve Fox,"If you like DOA get this. I'm glad I kept my preorder and have been playing it off and on when I could today. If you were on the fence about the missing features. Trust me, at the end of the day its DOA5LR on pc. Not much else matters. See you online in 3 months."
76561197998493766,Not Recommended,311730,15165230,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Shinespark428,"I am a huge fan of the Dead or Alive series, and can legitimately say it has gameplay loads more fun and accessable then more ""serious"" fighters like Tekken or Street Fighter as there are interactive environments and you can pull off long combos with ease.  Dead or Alive 5 was my very favorite game in the series to the point where I was willing to shell out large amounts of money for  both of its glorified expansions.  I am very disappointed however in the quality of the PC port of DOA5 Last Round.  The graphics look last gen, online play is unavailable for the first couple of months upon release, and there are as of yet no achievements.  I didn't know this going in as I preordered it soon after finding out about it as my PC is the only system I have that can play ""next gen"" titles.  This does not ruin the fact that the core gameplay is very fun, but it is a disappointment, and seemingly a result of rushed and sloppy porting.  There are a massive amount of costumes, levels and characters in this verion and even an extra move or two.  Some of the costumes are quite nice, such as the casual, halloween, and ninja outfits, but some seem incredibly similar (I get that fanservice has always been a part of the appeal to many, but how many different bikinis do you really need?)  Overall, If you haven't played DOA offline yet, it may warrant purchasing as of now, but for those wanting the full experience off the get go, I would highly recommend waiting a couple of months or buying the PS4 or XBONE version (last gen consoles' online communities are probably very dead).  9/10 for the gameplay, 6/10 for the port quality."
,Recommended,311730,15703135,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ukSamo,"So far I've been really impressed by this version of the game, I can sympathise with some of the negative reviews but many seem a little harsh condidering how petty some of the issue are.  I was considering buying the game for my Xbox 360 but they've stopped selling it, and the bumped up resolution of the PC was pulling my interest anyway.Positive:- Great core game, intuitive fighting controls and plenty of moves to perfect.- Plenty of options, such as move training, story, arcade and time attack modes, replays and screen capture features.- Lots of characters, all with varied styles of fighting means great variety.- Lots of costumes for most characters built in, plus challenge of unlocking.- Achievements system built in to the game (not steam unfortunately, though still things to aim for).- Works out of the box with my Xbox 360 controller.- Smooth great looking graphics with high FPS on my GTX 770.- Fast loading, no lag noticed etc.- Girls - Kasumi's and Momiji look fantastic!- Customisable boob bounce and choice of panties - LMAO.Negatives:- Ridiculous price of DLC - seriously, £50 a pack, perhaps £10 maybe, but £50 - really!- Graphics resolution options - I have a 27"" monitor with a common native resolution of 2560x1440 and thats not an option meaning I'm stuck at 1080p, how stuipd!  Thankfully some clever folks in the steam forum have written a patch and it now works great at native resolution.  Team Ninja really need to sort this simple issue out.- Doesn't appear to be a way to fast forward and rewind in replays, there oddly doesn't seem to be an option.Other:- There's mention of the PS4 soft skin feature missing, I've seen several videos on YouTube and I'm damned if I can see any major difference, the big difference between PS3 and PS4 looks like resolution to me, but on the PC that a non issue.- Lack of customisable keyboard - seriously go any buy a Xbox 360 controller for Windows, or better yet v2 of the Xbox 360 controller (improved D-Pad) and a wireless reciever.- Lack of online multiplayer - promised within 3 months so hopefully not an issue in the future.Overall I'd give it 9/10, seems like a great port from the consoles to me and runs at a much higher resolution."
,Recommended,311730,15135261,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Provoltion,"I was worried with all the negatives toward this game.But it appears the game isn't that bad, well kinda depends on how you want to play the game though.I played on my laptop with just i5 4210M, 4GB RAM, Geforce GT 740M 2GB, Non-SSD with the settings of 1366x768, FXAA, 1024x1024 Shadow, and I got pretty much 60 fps glory on all stages.And even with that settings, the game still looked gorgeous and enough for me, I don't need a full HD ultra graphics or whatsoever.About Soft Engine, I'm not sure about this, but I can assure you that the game has that sweat and dirt on their skin and they are clearly visible as well, and bouncy-jiggly bewbs are jiggling, there are options to adjust how jiggly the bewbs are going to be.With those thing featured already, I don't see why Soft Engine is mandatory, it's pretty much only to perfected a thing that already great in the first place, but even if it's not mandatory, an update to include Soft Engine would still be lovely.Don't care much about PS3 effects, nor the missing stages, I honestly buy and play the game for the bewbs.Keyboard mapping is strange and you can't seem to edit it, but with just couple of minutes, I get the hang of it. Yeah I don't play with gamepad, strangely enough.Those who want to play online, using special characters on their nickname, and like to change nickname every once in a while might find this game problematic, but since I don't do that, I'm not missing anything.Overall I found this game enjoyable, versus-ing all the time with Aloha Kasumi is never going to bore me.And before I forget, this game is absolutely alt-tab friendly which is nice.I hope Team Ninja will fix things and added lost features through update..."
,Not Recommended,311730,15185103,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ICS,"This game lasts about 3,5 hours only. The main story is really jumping on place to place and makes no sense untill the last hour or so. Most of the outfits are locked, unless you buy a DLC pack. So basically you should pay 110euros to unlock content that is already within the game.The fights are quite easy. You can get past the enemies by just pushing buttons in random order. There is no online play. In 3 months, it should be added in but by that time, this game is already forgotten. Features that are in console versions are missing, but the game does look good anyway.Nice to watch boobs bouncing and the game really temps you to press a screenshot in poses key after the match is over. All in all, really little content for the cost. Don't get this, except from sale. Maybe."
,Recommended,311730,15136988,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Gehirnknochenbizeps,Good Boob Physik 10/10
,Recommended,311730,16003380,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,letterbee,"Alright, I originally bought this game for PS3 and read on here that the PC version lacked the online mode...I'm still pretty much a noob to the series, so I don't really miss the online fights yet.Overall I really love the character design, the environment and music! The graphics are stunning on PC, which makes me wish other fighter games I play were released on Steam.This is my first DOA game, and I like to very much!"
,Not Recommended,311730,15130059,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Phoenix,-need key settings fix.-is being marketed featuring soft engine not installed.-no costumes cheat.-hurry implement online play.-i mad no key setting and broken monitors.
,Recommended,311730,15137412,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Maulen,"Alright, I'm not really sure why it got so many negative reviews but here's my thoughts about DOA5 on steam. note: I've been playing it offline so you can say I played more hours than it appears.I have GTX760 which is one of the recommended video card according to complementary information and probably the reason why is this a positive review. I am pretty happy with the game. I have frame drops during Victory Scene on tutorials but other than that, it's almost perfect like it's made intended for PC and not a port. I never played any of the series before  and I say, I like it. Online Mode will be soon available so I have to get better before then. works great with my Qanba Q4 arcade fight stick.Pros:*Mr. bean meme(if you know what I mean)*Cons:-No achievements or cards. (so far)-DLC are so expensive it's costs more than the game itself. baka bakashi ne.."
,Recommended,311730,16662659,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Xelion,"Haven't got enough time to play this game yet but after giving it a try and confirming that most of the negative reviews are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (related to controller, performance, etc), I'll recommend this game:Why?1) It runs perfectly on my 2012 mid range PC at 60 fps.2) Looks better than its PS3 counterpart.3) Will eventually get online mode.4) Gameplay is the same as it's console counterparts.5) If you're not a crybaby comparing this to the PS4 one, you will love it.If you don't like this version go get a PS4 and the game. Gameplay is still the same, it's just that it's a port from the PS3 version so it's missing some features that are not that important if you care about GAMEPLAY. Online is the only important missing feature and we'll get it.Also, people complain a lot about the DLC. It may be expensive but it's NOT necessary to buy any of them as everything is cosmetic. So wtf, stop crying about everything, just don't buy them!"
,Recommended,311730,15911180,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,キラキラ妖精椿姫,"My first DOA game since DOA2U and DOA3. The costumes have begun to defy physics (Aloha) during my absence, but I'm okay with this.Gameplay feels familiar, even if some mechanics have changed. Fun game, and one of the rare fighting games that is fine for both casuals and hardcores. Although, I can't really call myself a hardcore anymore. Basically just button mashing after a huge absence from fighting games. Hahahahahohohoho."
76561198082748501,Recommended,311730,15201510,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Zephyr,"Classic Dreamcast fighter. Doesn't get any better than this one.Quit complaining, losers. I have been waiting years for this to be on Steam."
76561198140320582,Recommended,311730,16049247,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,CTFDreary,"First thing to note is that there is no online and no unlockable achievements yet on PC. If you're looking to play competitively right now, the consoles are the way to go. If you're looking for some fast arcade action with a fun cast, you might give this a shot.Aside from DOA's notorious skimpy outfits and provocative poses you'll find this is a very fast and flashy fighter with a large cast, a lengthy story mode, and a good mix of various arcade and training modes, including tag teams and combo/juggle training. The fighters are a blast to play and watch, particularly when pulling off satisfying reversals, burst moves, or tag throws. The ridiculous outfits range from crocodile suits to gift ribbon bikinis, and of course the game isn't shy about showing off its best assets in both win or lose poses. DOA5 isn't the most technical fighter around, but it does owe much of it's fighting system to Virtua Fighter, so there is some real meat to the fighting once you start getting better. There's enough content and characters here to keep you busy, and more than enough eye candy to gawk at, making this easily one of the more complete 3D fighter offerings on Steam."
,Recommended,311730,15846131,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,netoide,"Do you like scantly-clad women beating the crap out of each other? Do you like intuitive fighting mechanics that gives space to many different offensive and defensive fights styles? Would you like that experience in a ""sandbox"" environment where you don't have to deal with online players? Then the PC port of DoA 5 is for you!This game on the PC has the greatest potential over time considering the possibility of third-party modding. I personally purchased some of the DLC because I really like the way the girls look. Modders are already working on cool stuff but I think it's important to support the creators. Likely to be last DoA in history because creators don't appreciate nude mods (masterfully done, if you care for those things) so the version will have some historical value.Personally, I purchased it because I'm not good playing online and this generation of consoles I chose the Wii U. Probably would gone for Xbox One or PS4 versions if I owned those."
,Recommended,311730,15135612,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,IncrediBurch,"I'm a big fan of the DOA games. I was playing DOA5 Ultimate on PS3 before this, and have played DOA2, DOA4 and DOA 3DS. The first section will be positive points. The second is the negatives.Dead or Alive 5: Last Round is one of the smoothest and most intuitive fighting games you can play on PC. The fighting system of DOA is maintained with the balance of attacks, throws, and holds that work like rock/paper/scissors. The game is balanced in such a way that it's almost impossible to ever get juggled infinitely as the counter hold system allows for plenty of opportunity to punish aggressive opponents and the games physics(?) just don't allow for 1-combo kills.The roster of characters is solid. There should be at least one or two anyone will like. It isn't hard to get in start doing cool moves. The tutorial and command training sections provide the proper information for beginners trying to gain a better understanding of their favorite characters.There are a ton of costumes for all the characters, and more can be purchased through DLC.Plenty of modes for single-player, including a story mode that continues the plot of the previous games. The plot is written like a B-movie action film, just so you know.Negative things:You may have read some of this already on the Steam page or in the forums.- Online mode isn't available yet. Developers are estimating 3 months until they can offer the feature in an update. I will update the post when the online feature is enable to testify whether it works and how customizable it is.- The effects of the game are PS3 quality instead of PS4 (honestly isn't noticeable without direct comparison).- 2 Stages are missing from game that are in the XBO/PS4 version. An odd exception, but they could be included in the future update.- Controller support has a strange issue right now where gamepad triggers don't register, and instead of mapped to the Start/Select buttons, and Start/Select functions are mapped to analog stick buttons.- No Steam Achievements, trading cards, or cloud support. Again, could be part of the future update. These elements will matter differently for different people. I personally don't care except for backing up my save.- Speaking of saves, apparently there is an issue if your Steam name has special characters in. Changing your name may cause the file to be unusable. I don't know if just changing back to the original name prevents this or it just gets locked either way.If you like fighting games, I really can't recommend this any more highly. If the negatives scare you, throw this game on your wishlist and wait for the online update later this year."
,Recommended,311730,15131556,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Clone303,"have a intel i5, GTX 580 and 8GB DDR3 this game run super means 1920x1080 wtih 60 FPS and wtih a Xbox360 controller it's just playing Xbox360 just way better! super game so happy this game made to PC and hope we get some DLC's soon XD HD mod or HD DLC for this skin for it cloud looks better but still this is one of the best of all fights games i know of, i love it, thanks you Team NINJA for let it come to PC i really hope this not the last DOA we will see on PCbut yeah over 200€ for so dam outifts is way to much--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------first nude mod:http://www.gamevixenzone.net/hot-stuff-21/dead-alive-5-last-round-nudemod-2005/so ♥♥♥♥ you if you dont unbanned me just for linking a dam mod and here is a a site wtih modpacks:http://www.gamevixenzone.net/hot-stuff-21/doa5lr-modpack-2020/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Online mode is there now and it's awesome but laggy sometimes"
,Recommended,311730,15863018,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,killzone12,great game but the price for the dlc is a rip off
76561198101359842,Recommended,311730,15745667,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,twitch.tv/magishiro,"Yep its dead or alive...  Just hurry up with the multiplayer, oh and i would like kokoros red kimono with the fox tail please and thanks."
,Not Recommended,311730,15704520,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Jin,"Compares to the PS4 version, the loading speed is improved since pc has upgradable HDD, RAM & CPU. Still, its a incompleted game without the main purose of a fighting game: ""online mode"". Nothing new or exclusive for the steam version, I completed the story in 30 mins, and less than an hour to unlock all costumes. Talking about costumes, steam should have a complete pack or season pass like the console for players who loves DLCs."
,Recommended,311730,15597612,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Conargle,"Ok so, as far as DOA games go, this is good. It may not have been the next gen port we were hoping for, but I'll take 4K over a few particle effects any day.  It's as fun as the previous DOA's and manages to keep the satisfying feeling of pulling off that 12-15 hit combo + power bursts when you're on low health and turn the game around whilst driving your opponent into the ground.But lets talk about money and DLC, which apparently is a bigger deal than i first thought.Currently as of writing this there are 4 DLC packs with a total of 270 costumes between them, which altogether are selling for about £200, but range from £40-£55 per pack with each pack having about 70-ish costumes.I can see why this sucks. i mean, that's a lot of money for simply a bunch of skins, especially now that mods are growing and you can have your own costumes, not to mention the ever popular nudes...Anyway, in terms of money, that works out at a about £1 per costume, which might sound more reasonable to some. So why are we complaining about this? probably because it's a bulk purchase... If we could cheaply buy each costume individually then people would probably be happier.TL:DRGameplay - As enjoyable for me as the other titles in the seriesGraphics - 4k compatable - no particles (big deal?)DLC skins - Seems like a money grab: make each skin available seperately at a cheaper price"
76561198165151791,Not Recommended,311730,18605013,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,76561198165151791,The game's title is a question. The game is definately dead and this is ultimately the last round of it I can stand.
76561197960563115,Not Recommended,311730,15161715,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Jural,"You have to be a DOA fan to justify the purchase of this game.If you are not put off by the $132's worth of day one DLC, that is listed in the game but locked away, it's a great fighting series.Pro's:It's a solid DOA game / port. The pro's / con's of any DOA game will do.They ported DOA to PC!It's early in it's release, it can only get better.Con's:KOEI TECMO attitude: They ported to PC for a reason, money is to be made. To insist the game not be modded ( it will be) or no more games is foolish.The port: It's a great port, I say that because YEAH DOA on PC, but damn.... missing stages, missing features, even just the slop feel of the seperate config missing any real PC options. It can be over looked, but damn these things add up.Controller support. Again not a deal breaker, they do have xbox 360 gamepad support, but search the forms and you'll find any deviation from the norm having binding issues. For me I just upgraded all my PC gamepads to xbox one controllers... so it sucks.Online, 3 months...Lastly, KOEI TECMO attitude. Again, if I wasn't a DOA fan I wouldn't touch this with a 20 ft stick. KOEI TECMO have been realArrogantin news releases, gamepad BS support, cut of features + next gen effects ( things on xboxone and PS4).I'm sure it will get the minor bugs worked out and it's great to see DOA get ported to the PC, but it is without question BS.If your a DOA fan, buy it, if not forget about it."
76561197999244373,Not Recommended,311730,15349896,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,reaggea_jon,"first of all, let me tell you my honest opinion about doa5 on pc.*sigh*, i admit that i only bought this because i am a fan of nude-mods, and doa5 seemed to be one of those games modders could not keep theire fingers off. even though the devs/publishers warned the community about that and so on. so i did not expected anything special, but what they gave us here, is just embarrasing. the soft engine has bin dropped, there is no rumble support for the xbox controller (yet), some stages are missing, at the beginning the victory counter for every fighter did not count correctly, and now, after 3 or 4 weeks after release, they implemented an option screen, that lets  customize some options, before the game launches. why is that stuff not accessable within the game? why for ♥♥♥♥s sake do i have to leave the game to change the resolution and stuff? this looks definately like a rip off than a ♥♥♥♥ing port. also the soft-engine is missing, which should improve the skin-textures of the fighters. and last but not least, we have pay-dlcs. i dont have anything against dlcs, but tecmo and team ninja show me that they hate their customers. you cant purchase the outfits seperatly, you have to buy one of 2 big bundles, which costs 50 or 60 bucks. my problem with that? well, dlcs should not be twice as expensive as the actual game was. this is getting out of control, and i hope noone is stupid enough to buy a single one of those packs. i rather keep playing with my nude-models than throwing away so much money. nighty night."
76561198080331381,Recommended,311730,15638516,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Hentai Tensai,"The Port is Bad but the Game Itself is Far From BadBuy the console versionI'm not going to bother telling you about the things we all know (no online yet, overpriced DLC, and lack of Soft Engine). But I am going to talk about the game.As someone who is new to the series I can say that is a great fighting game thats actually easy to learn, but hard to master. While alot of 3d fighting games like Soul Caliber are slow, DoA is fluid and quick. Sometimes it actually looks like the characters are fighting, especially when it you successfully counter the opponent. People have complained about arcade stick support, but my Qanba Q4 works fine on it.All of the characters are pretty interesting with varied playstyles. I quite enjoy Rig, a roughneck on an oil rig that practices Tae Kwon Do, the most as a character and his moveset is interesting. There are also some virtua fighter characters thrown in too, which are strangely annoying to fight against, and a few Ninja Gaiden characters thrown in as well.All in all, DoA 5 is a great fighting game, that is  sadly bogged down by the ususal lack of competence that Japanese devs give to PC ports. I still don't understand why they hate us so much. So if you are interested in the game buy it on console, I'm pretty sure there will be more players too.And to close out I must clarify that Mila is best girl"
,Not Recommended,311730,15355338,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Huniken,"Poor graphics compared to a PS4. Techmo did a bad port IMO for this game, prepare techmo to see it getting modded to hell. ENB mods will roll out perharps and maybe a workaround for the soft skin engine."
76561198051234431,Recommended,311730,25499202,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Flashdrive,"This game is really fun and I like it a lot...No I'm not joking.Pros:The characters are fun to use and each one is unique. Even some of the characters that do have similar moves have their personallity to them that really showcase that at least some thought was put into them.There are quite a few modes in this game, Survival, Tag Team, Story, Command Training, Combo Training. All fun and unlock extra items for each character you beat a mode with.This is a minicon in the pro section but honestly it's not that big a deal. Due to this being the ""5th"" game in the series it has evolved quite a bit but there is a tutorial mode that goes indepth of all the mechanaics in this game. It helps new players get use to the game quickly. The thing is that it is LOOOOOOOOOOONG. Its not really a bad thing just be prepared.Stages are dynamic and vary when it comes to hazards, Music is freaking incredible, and it brings me back to the my childhood since Dead or Alive 2 was one of my first Video GamesCons:I got this game the day it came out knowing I couldn't play it cause my Surface Pro couldn't run it. Once I got a laptop that could run it though, i had an issue where the game would not read my keyboard or my controller. This happend for about 6 months. I did get it fix but i honestly don't remember what i did to fix it. I now have a differnt more powerful laptop that has NVidia 940MX and 12 gigs of ram. And game runs great.I wish the game had Cloud Save data or saved data through my account. Maybe its me and i need to set something up but each time I had to reinstall the game, whether it was due to a new laptop, or fixing the controller input sistuation i just mentioned, I would always have to start over, it usually wasn't that big since i haven't gotten that far it the game but its still annoying when games like Sonic Generations can save data regardless of which computer it is ran on and a game that is 18 months old can't do that.I mainly bought this game for local play. My family loves Dead or Alive non stop and it is always a blast. Playing Local is fine. no issues there. however it is playing online that is really annoying. I bought this game 3 times. once for my self, once for a middle school buddy of mine, and once for my sister so that way we can still play together even though school has started up. My buddy and I tried playing online only to find out that you can't just play with your friend. you can only play regionally or world wide. A new update dropped yesterday so maybe they finally put it in along with the new player but My friend and I had to search for each other regionally to fight. Thankfully we had no issues finding each other but it is still a problem that should have been implemented when the multiplayer dropped.Overall in terms of the gameplay it is a blast and it is just like the older DoA games just updated and more fancy looking. If you don't care about playing online with people and want to do it locally then I do recommend getting this game. Just be sure you have a computer that has at least the base settings needed to play otherwise you may have the input problem that occured with me. If you really do want to play online, then i would suggest getting it for a console. The online, from what i have heard, is soooooooo much better there. I may be blinded a bit by my childhood when it comes to this series but I don't really care. In Terms of gameplay and local multiplayer, I do recomemend this game."
,Not Recommended,311730,18505764,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Khuulhuu,"Base game is beautiful to look at, however, the way this company treats its customers is pathetic.  The DLC is also ridiculously expensive - really $60 for some swimsuits?"
,Not Recommended,311730,18669854,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Vechernyaya,PS3 version of the game.Ridiculous DLC pricing.3/10
,Recommended,311730,23203163,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Forte,"I've played quite a number of fighting games in my life and Dead or Alive is definitely one of the better ones. Let's not deny it, I, you, everyone came to DoA for sexy girls, bouncing boobs and all that normal, understandable lust. But beside all that, DoA has a good system. The combos are smooth, the techniques are great, if you talk purely about martial arts and fighting styles, DoA is on par with Virtua Fighters or TEKKEN. To people that was a big fan of the ""traditional"" fighting games such as Street Fighters, King of Fighters, Mortal Kombat... you might feel a bit different at first since you can't jump in this game and the ""special moves"" inputs aren't very similar. But once you get similar to it, it can be pulled rather nicely.So yeah, my hours on this game on Steam don't really talk much, and you might see other reviews about how bad the ladder/online competition is. But if you just want some light, yet action-filled entertainment (and eye-candy too), DoA5LR offers everything you need.Oh, but don't buy those DLC except for new characters. What a bunch of"
76561198043779314,Not Recommended,311730,17555544,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,pralima87,"This game is a prove TK have no care what so ever for PC customers.This is the last game I'll ever by from them until they release worth PC port.1 Hour playing and still can't get a full refund :(.Well at least I learned my lesson here.My review:2/10 - x360/Ps3 game that looks way too old for 2015.Missing all the next gen nice additions like particles, new physics engine, stages and breakable clothing."
76561197970402624,Not Recommended,311730,19076708,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,RagingDelirium,"The online mode is still not officially addedThe DLC is stupiditly overpriced (Note the DLC does not include XBONE or PS4 features)Basically this game is a poor port from the arcade machines, not the console versionSo no soft engine, means missing featuresThe software developers have abondoned this gameBuy it only at -90+% sale discount price if you really feel the need to own this"
76561197974034771,Not Recommended,311730,15685711,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,schattenklinge,"cant get an xbox controler working and is unplayable with the keyboard. missing features and the crazy prices for dlc's just are not worth it. for the price of this game plus addons, get yourself a playstation, where it actually works."
,Recommended,311730,15882899,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Ling,Best game beside Virtua Fighter and Tekken a lot of improvement in gameplay and additional VF character that makes the fun double...
,Not Recommended,311730,15433338,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,VengefulPikachu,"Feels unfinished and untested.For one thing, when you go to the controller section, there is a big XBox One controller image, so you may assume that they would have at least tested this game with the XBox One controller...WRONG!Apparently they didn't bother making the Steam port of this game compatible with the XBox One controller.Let me repeat that, the game is NOT currently compatible with the XBox One controller. The trigger buttons do not work, and the start button attacks rather then pauses. Now you can BUY an additional piece of software to make your nice new XBox One controller emulate your KEYBOARD, but that just seems a poor workaround for an obvious oversight.Add to that the features they removed and the undeniable fact that the game is pretty much a vehicle for DLC sales (the DLC currently costs more then twice as much as the game, and it was finished and available at the launch of the game) and you wind up with the undeniable fact that this game just isn't a good value."
,Recommended,311730,15129536,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Nipok,"Idiots crying and writing bad reviews because they don't get their stupid physic engine for more jiggly boobs, get a life nerds omg..the game is really great, it's a DoA after all, the gameplay is really catchy and fun, and i don't really care about the lack of online at the moment, because the game have enough stuff to do in it for now."
,Recommended,311730,15620759,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mr Deap,"Positive: Good fighting game, lot of characters, good graphic, good mecanic, run well & all.Negative: Whoever priced the DLC should get fired."
,Recommended,311730,15974540,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Recitativo,"boobs and megane 10/10jkDidn't have the best launch. (no online lmao go make some friends irl xDDDD -TN)Wasn't the best console port. (Removed features whatnot and ""partial controller support"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t)But otherwise a solid fighting game with gameplay mechanics and that will make casuals and hardcores alike make it a favourite. That is, if not the gameplay, maybe just the bouncing♥♥♥♥♥♥experience and blowing off ""steam"" :^) .3/5 would recommend"
,Not Recommended,311730,15135309,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Naqel,"It's a bare minimum port, based on the PS3 version.A bug here or there, a crash once in a while, but otherwise nothing to write home about in either direction.It's fun for what it is, but unless you're hellbent on getting it for PC, either skip it or get it for console.Also of not is the Early Access nature of the product, with no multiplayer or any real steam integration(cards/achievements)"
,Not Recommended,311730,15135277,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jinguuji Marimo,"Oof. So besides the lack of features compared to the PS4 and Xbone versions and a missing online mode, this game has lots of other fun little surprises, like broken controller support and a number of bugs relating to Steam display names. I'd say avoid it for now."
76561197979947705,Recommended,311730,15716712,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Mirage,"Great fighting game, but pc portage isn't that great. There is some issues with the controllers, the game don't recognize my start button on my arcade stick.Otherwize got no bugs the game run smoothly at 60 fps, except for the videos that are in 30 fps which sucks.Waiting the online mode to dose like a crazy dog."
,Not Recommended,311730,18244185,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,C0PPERM0NK,"still no online mode, cant back a modern fighter without online."
76561197999892327,Recommended,311730,29314246,Posted: 17 January,all,Serious,Only recommend for people without PS4 or XBOX One.
,Not Recommended,311730,17843199,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Gazoya,Should have been a PS3 port that actually has online and lobby mode than this DOA5UA model.
,Recommended,311730,15150925,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Psyren136,"Good game. Like the graphics. DLC is way too expensive in my opinion. Multiplayer should have been ready for launch, But all these things aside i still love the game."
,Recommended,311730,15160121,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Almost stickless Gorile,Well what can I say?++ Jiggle physics with several settings+ Top tier waifus+ Jiggle physics+ Good mechanics+ Waifus+ Take snaps of your waifus and use as wallpaper+ Jiggle physics10/10/10/12
,Not Recommended,311730,29492742,Posted: 25 January,all,HolyDeath3000,WHen I bought this game when first released I didn't realize it was going to become free. I want my money damnn't.
76561198061729431,Not Recommended,311730,21983573,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Master Blaster,"Always the same deal with Tecmo, we get inferior ports that are either downgraded or just plain lazy, this is 2016 and that crap won't cut it anymore, the online components to this game are horrible and have yet to be fixed, I can't reccomend this game to anyone that is so often ignored by the developers."
,Recommended,311730,18722314,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,lekima,"The gameplay is actually fun and enjoyable, very easy to get into but hard to master."
76561198025257368,Not Recommended,311730,18981616,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,the.fatal.cure,"Developers are cry babies and everything here is ridiculously overpriced DLC. Not even on a new engine. Horrible dialogue, story, the works. I only bought it for the boobs."
,Not Recommended,311730,18831216,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Devil May Lol,"They still don't have online activated yet even though they said they would. We're also missing the mode where you can watch them model the bikinis (unlocked from the beginning on consoles, sold as DLC on PC and is not out yet)After the negative reception of this port, we won't be seeing Dead or Alive Extreme 3 because they can just say ""Well you hated our last port"". I hope they prove me wrong because I'd like to see that on PC.I'm fair though, if they fixed the problems with this port, I will change my review. The game runs fine otherwise."
,Not Recommended,311730,17525748,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Rzero Yui,"Good game mechanics, looks amazing but so many problems with everything else. No online still, why bother making a better game when you can just release bikinis and have people buy them.Not buying a KT product for a while......Roughly 300+ hours on DOA5 & 5U  on PS3"
,Not Recommended,311730,18826825,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,JAC Star,"Japan has a consistent problem of not valuing the pc gaming comunity as much as the console community, and this game is no exception. This game gives off the impression of being a quick cash grab by Team Ninja, with little effort put forth to make it a functioning title. Releasing a fighting game with no online functionality in today's time is quite simply unacceptable. Absorbent DLC prices for cosmetic changes is also of note, though that is also how things are done in Japan. Do not buy this game, Team Ninja does not deserve your money for the amount of effort they did not put into this port."
,Not Recommended,311730,15195207,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,yrba1,"This review will serve as a placeholder based on the lack of XBone/PS4 stages (Danger Zone & Crimson) I couldn't careless about the particle nor oppai physics. I'm open to changing my review if Tecmo Koei/Team Ninja will implement those current-gen features in future.In the meantime, I'm actually enjoying this game without any major issues but I do not recommend buying this if your expectations are to have the same features as console users. Other than that, there are no optimization issues, the game runs 60fps consistently with only a minor frame tears occuring. But that's just my computer running on a Radeon 6870 and i5-3550.Also, I recommend downloading xpadder if you want to play this with an arcade stick in its current state."
,Recommended,311730,15918885,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Knarkapan,"I am a fan of DOA so I am a bit biased, but I think that DOA 5 has the content supporting its price tag.And even before the online mode it is a fine game, I have had some crashes but it starts so quickly and the crashes where rare.If I had the credibility to give review score it would be  an 8/10"
,Recommended,311730,19255614,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,KuRobin920,"I've played this series since DOA4, and I'm still just as impressed. It's way more fun than Street Fighter or Tekken, although there are ridiculously overpriced DLC. The online is a bit buggy, but otherwise a great game!"
,Not Recommended,311730,29881273,Posted: 12 February,all,Dankie,"Pick up something cheaper, like crack cocaine..."
,Recommended,311730,16937403,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Icyphoenix,Plenty of plot points.
76561198053081936,Not Recommended,311730,18157204,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Weeaboo Jones,"I'm gonna start this review by saying this. If you are a big Dead or Alive fan like I am and you dont own a console, buy this game. Otherwise, there's no real other reason to buy it. It offers little that the console version didn't, and doesn't even have online play. The game runs well, but as it's a PS3 port (yes PS3, not PS4) i would expect nothing less. It's more DoA, if you need that in your life then get the game, otherwise, buy it on console or don't buy it at all."
,Not Recommended,311730,26080015,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,KoldBloodedMC,STILL MISSING LOBBYSTILL MISSING SOFT ENGINE/TEXTURESSTILL MISSING STAGESOVERPRICED DLCNOT EQUIVALENT TO CONSOLE RELEASE
,Recommended,311730,29717180,Posted: 5 February,all,incantix csgoroll.com,brings back alot of good memories from my younger times sadly its a paid game still glad they made a free 2 play version thanks steam!
76561198058381079,Not Recommended,311730,21411052,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,The Pandas Hat,Just paid £30 for some 'me' time.
76561198066615933,Recommended,311730,15570181,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,+SMILES+,"I love the doa series, Last round is pretty much ultimate with honoka, the same fighting mechanics, pretty much the same. I do have in the back of my head that they are going to add the 2 new stages and something cool and exclusive for pc like building your own stage. I sound like a fanboy, thats because i am. I dislike the fact that there is no online or the two stages yet, or any other feature for pc and online gameplay, but i may just be impatient, so i will wait and see."
76561197974105367,Recommended,311730,22162469,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,METAL,"i first stayed away from it since i heard and read about the issues the game has and i already got my fingers burned with MKX. but once i have upgraded my rig, MKX runs smoothly and since DOA5 was on special, i decided to give it a try.  now most of the negative reviews i read here are mainly about the online mode not working and not able to find other players. i gave it a try and yes, i surely did not find a single player to play with. but, if you are like me and dont really care about it; you will get a damn fun game. and no, im not talking about the boob physics.it certainly is a more cheerful and colourful title, just like the characters. the locations look beautiful and a bunch of the hubs have destructible walls or floors and you can punch/kick your opponent through them or off stage to a sub level. at times look differently than the level you have been before. like being in a building and then your outside.from all the fight games i have played like tekken and mortal combat....sorry, i mean kombat, the training is actually very good. not only how to learn what buttons you can press by calling up the move list all the time, they are categorized if you like to learn all moves of a character or their combos only. and they display what buttons you have to press and moves on to the next one when succeeded.now for me, they are not always very easy to perform. they want you to press a lot of buttons in a row that you accidentally press the wrong one or even press a button too often and you have to start all over again. some required a certain timing to perform the asked task. also some moves require you to do some sort of named move first which i could not really comprehend what they want from me.the story is utter rubbish. dont even bother to understand it. they just mashed in the characters who fight for as much as looking funny at each other. they fight for the stupidest reasons.each character have many costumes to select from. with the females you can decide if you want them to fight in a bikini or being fully dressed. and some of the clothing are really beautiful. no, i dont mean the skimpy once.at least they are unlockable when you play certain modes. because the DLCs which are just clothing really, are too expensive that they charge for the whole lot over 600USD. im certainly not paying that much.so yes, its a fun game with fun characters. the fights are smooth and fast and play really well with a controller. dont know about the keyboard since controllers are really much better for fighting games. so if you have a good rig and dont care for the online mode, you cant go wrong with this title. but i would suggest to get it when it is on special like i did."
76561198139231810,Not Recommended,311730,25850545,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ghmaster88,1.08A removes/locks most characters.I feel regret I'd bought this game. Latest version 1.08A removed story mode and most characters. That sucks.
,Not Recommended,311730,25261940,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Unhealthy Obsession w/ Tracer,"Honestly, how do you ♥♥♥♥ up a UI this badly? I spent 10 minutes - of what should've been no more than a couple seconds looking through each setting and sub-category, each time more confused than the last, looking for the full screen option. On top of which I got more and more confused as to why some options exist. Case in point: lag simulation. Really? Why would anyone even consider turning it on?! Even if you DO get lag - in which case, my condolences, why would you want MORE of it?! Further more, there is an option for voices, which in my head, I thought: ""Oh, just gonna flick this on to super-sexy,"" and it showed me the options of DOA,DOA,DOA,DOA and DOA. Wow, what a choice. Maybe, that's just me not playing the game long enough, but I digress. After what seemed like an Fairy Tail storyline, I found out that the graphics options are not under the deceitful graphic options, nor the cunning screen option, but the configuration button in the steam library. Really? What's the point of having a screen option if all it's for is gamma?Now of coarse, onto the game itself. After sitting mesmerised by the bouncing breasts and sweaty, toned manly man bodies, of which I am find myself very jealous, I looked at my spunk and tear covered keyboard and realised I have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what I'm doing, the controls are all wonky and the only thing that I could figure out punch-punch-get-wrecked, I decided to play this game as God intended all fighting games to be played, with a controller. Oh wait, there's zero controller support. Huh, better learn the controls-oh,wait you can't! Another thing I learned on my full-screen pilgrimage was that the control options aren't accessible by any means, I discovered when smashing the one of two keys they bothered to explain. So I had to drag myself through the tutorial, and I learned quickly enough, this key punches, this key kicks, this key makes a totally non-sexual grapple with my opponent. But I once again suffer an issue I find in all fighting games and that is combos. Literally anything more than the punch-punch-grope combo is apparently only performable by the best-of-the-best, the same unique individuals who are summoned onto the console of Olympus and fights the eighty-five deities that threaten our existance. I'm sure it's just me, but even so I can't help but feel that not every character needs to be absolutely unique in it's fifty-nine button long bicycle kick.Also, since I gotten this far, what's up with the dev's little hissy-fit over mods? Haven't heard a company lash back at people with their products since the whole San Andreas debacle."
,Recommended,311730,29822006,Posted: 10 February,all,Robonator,"It is a decent fighting game. Fast paced, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t magic or weapons.Other than that:Mods. Thats all you need to know."
76561197967842814,Recommended,311730,15460523,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Wallabing,Get ready to spend some quality time with your virtual girlfriends.
,Recommended,311730,15476505,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,PKit,"althought inferior port and lack of functions , the game unexpected running well on my core i3 4130 + 8 GB RAM + no graphic card at FXAA 1280x720.I hope DEAD OR ALIVE Xtreme will come to PC."
76561198124894690,Recommended,311730,16439491,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Canine King,"the PC controls are not the best and are hard to use, luckly i have an xbox controler and it made it simple and easy and fun so if you enjoy the game you should really try it. the story wasnt the best but i love playing around on single player the character disgne are amazing and the giggle pysics 100/10 super fun fighter game over all only down fall are the totally over the top priced dlc"
,Recommended,311730,15475245,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Exus,"Taking out all the hate that has received, it's actually a really good waifu simulator. Ohh, and i think you can fight also."
,Recommended,311730,15485004,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Atago,"it's just ok, im a fan, is just like the consolver ver for me"
,Recommended,311730,19350249,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Hotarun,+Good gameplay+Good characters and costumes-Miss contents-DLC too expensive7/10
,Recommended,311730,20917751,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,BarbaNeggra,Dead or Alive is very fun to play!
,Not Recommended,311730,32277347,Posted: 8 June,all,なかなおり,"♥♥♥♥♥poor port and about $1,249.31 USD of DLCY'all know what this means folks."
,Recommended,311730,16431744,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sgt. JigglyBoner! 8≈פ,"I'm not sure why this is getting such bad reviews. I haven't played the console versions since 4, but the graphics do seem to be missing some elements for sure. But its DOA for PC, i'll take it. So far it has not been a let down. Wont let me assign certain buttons on my arcade stick but thats ok, controller works better anyway. Online mode claims to be arriving at the end of the month, we will see how that works.tl;dr DOA PC thats good enough for me."
76561198018385492,Recommended,311730,21474623,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ruy,"Most of my game hours is online matchmaking and it works fine for me, usually waiting times 1-2 mins, only sometimes at very late hours i might not find a game, so i don`t agree with all of those negative reviews saying online is bad.If you set your search criteria to widest possible it should be fine, no online lobbys is a downside ofcourse.I haven`t played DOA on PS4 so dunno why this version is worse, but this game is beutiful and its the best fighting game i`ve seen."
,Recommended,311730,21743871,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Mastersoraka,"Good online match, good outfits to play with, good combos on every characters."
,Recommended,311730,29198014,Posted: 11 January,all,ClearLove7,"Really a good game.Not only for fighting,when U playing this game,those female characters seem like a kind of enjoy."
,Not Recommended,311730,29021076,Posted: 4 January,all,ルイージ,"I really enjoy Dead or Alive 5. The game runs just fine for me and looks great on PC. However, like most fighters, you get it to beat people up over the internet. Thanks to Team Ninja, that has become increasingly difficult! You cannot make lobbies, and ranked matches are seemingly almost wholly inactive (albeit you can usually find a match withsomea lot of patience). Team Ninja seems to be a bit more concerned with the success and facilitation of DoA5LR on XB1 and PS4; it's really a shame. with some attention and a few changes, this version could be as active as its console counterparts!Unless you are only interested in offline modes, and can get the ""full game"" on sale for $20, I cannot recommend this game in its current state."
,Recommended,311730,15506597,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Wolfhawk57,"Dead or alive series has been Runing for a very long time. its More of a casual fighter with hard core Elements in the Mix, Basically anybody can Pick up and play this game. Its a fighter that does not take it self seriously even though hard core gamers want it to be Serious,the story is based around kasumi who is Battling DOATEC and Mist. Who is battling the clones that Donovan has Created with a suprised Appearence from His Son Rig.. who know body knows is his Son. basically he does not remember what happened and why.. Play the story to find out more.Controls for the game which I like the original One over this one. Its a Little more confusing at times when you can Land a Hold Throw or if its a Block. there is the Normal Throw Button but no Jumping thats only if you do a Combo set will it land a Jump before that you could push a Jump button and it would Jump in the past games.My Favorite characters in this Long Series Running is Kasumi, AYANE, Hitomi, Honoka (of Course!) and TINA.there are a Ton of Characters the Player can take his or her Time with.. Fighting Games are mean for the player to Learn and get down every single move. Takes Time and practice. but with the Dead or alive series. Scratch that you dont need to Learn that much to get good at this fighting game.. Its There for those who want to get in to a Fighting game..There are some not major Errors with the arcade port. It does work with AMD radeon R9 card for those who have it. Its Fine.  There will be some Errors if you dont optimize it via the AMD CCC APP. other then that. Its Very Smooth Experience. you will find you self just playing a game and Having fun for once.Now most gamers of today are upset that there is no online use.. will for me and there maybe more like me out there who Remember back in the day the Online was a after thought. It was never marketed or Focused on. So for me i am not upset at the Online being missing because I bought this game just to play it when ever, i want to Load it and Just get way from it all.i can Recommend this game for those who have stress in there life. or maybe had a bad day.. you can pick up the controller and let all the Anger and hate out of you.. and keep it on the screen.For this game i am just glad its on PC.. Now hopfully we see more from Team Ninja in the future.. maybe a Dead or alive 6 7 and 8 to complete the saga of the Dead or alive series.who knows Does kasumi Die in the series or does she find Peace? there are alot of Questions to be answers. this why i keep coming back to the series?Also the Errors come from a Frame buffer issue which most every game today has.. Due to Holding a video card back from doing its actual Higher Frame rate which is Past 60 Frames on a Single GPU.there are some Texture Errors on Nvidia cards. and Sometimes on the Intel HD 4600 Card it self. how ever i never saw any of these With the AMD Video card."
,Not Recommended,311730,31790832,Posted: 16 May,all,Yuri,"I don't recommend you buy this game. I love the DOA series but this one is weird. FPS problem, online takes too long to find a match and when it does, it is slow FPSs."
,Not Recommended,311730,29944726,Posted: 15 February,all,Noh,"no way to play with friends, port of inferior console (not the latest) and more than anything, it's ♥♥♥♥ing shameful when your game has over 900 GBP worth of DLC.So shameful, like seriously shame on you."
76561198010385367,Not Recommended,311730,29854658,Posted: 11 February,all,ChrisDel,Not a Free Game more like a demo.
,Recommended,311730,15449908,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Skadisson,"Flawless port, unless the netcode won't be released this summer (of 2015), like promissed. The high costs for the costume pack DLCs are comming from the huge amount of costumes in each DLC. Each costume pack on Steam is a compilation of old costume packs from PS3 and PS Vita and will give most characters even multiple costumes per pack. Compared to the old costume packs in total this is even very low cost. So, unless the netcode won't be released, this will be the perfect alternative for people who get sick only playing Street Fighter IV on PC and want something more tactical and slightly less frame-data-focused."
76561197981133196,Recommended,311730,16183714,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ZeroHuman,"DOA 5 last round is a wonderful arcade fighting game with many different characters you can pick, alot of fight combo moves, and a great counter system. Sure the fighting is great but the female characters/ models are even better while panty flashing the player. :3This is a must buy for any lovers of the fighting arcade.tho it kind of makes me wonder why online is not part of the game til 3 months after the game to steam. O_O"
76561198076155133,Recommended,311730,16272688,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,SuperStanley,hopefully we get patch soooooon otherwise goood game
,Recommended,311730,16309646,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,'Lilychi,"I like this game. It's fun to playthis game is not complete yet,  i'm just waiting for update <achievements, online mode, etc.>I agree that pack all dlc/costume would make very expensive, but you not even have to buy it :D"
,Recommended,311730,16268385,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Niko_Bey 🌿,"One of the most Smooth PC fighting games released to PC, no compliants on DLC came with it due to pre- order. All it needs now is the online patch."
,Recommended,311730,25977355,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ μ's ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,The main story kind of cliche and lame..But if you like fighting style game and want play with friend this game is for you..If other than that this game will look dull to you..I think it will be nice if this game have sub story of each character.Rating 7/10
,Not Recommended,311730,29385105,Posted: 20 January,all,Ange le Carré,"While this truely is my favorite fighter series for its unique playstyle. I have to say they should've never ported it to PC. Why? because what's a fighter without Online Capability's with  Friend's or even Lobbies!? (That's right unlike the console versions there is NO LOBBY AND NO PLAYER MATCHES, NO PLAYING WITH STEAM FRIENDS! only 1v1 Ranked Matches online  OR Local play only). Another failed aspect for the PC release is, you CANNOT buy single character costumes like on consoles, you HAVE TO BUY THE FULL PACK if you want any costumes, which is beyond ignorent.I would highly recommend this game on consoles as it is a great fighter unlike any other, I've been playing Sense DOA2 and still love this series and think its only gotten better with each game. However I cannot ever recommend this for PC/Steam as they are lacking in necisarey features. Here's to hoping the Dev's finally make DOA6 at some point so we can get the continued story instead of re releases. As a side note if you've never heard of DOA, it started out on the Dreamcast, it's name was given as a means of the company creating it as a last resort before they went bankrupt and the game was what would make them ""dead or alive"", it turned out much success and they created a further very detailed story for it with DOA2. The game has a;ways been very graphically strong for the generation of games it's come out for. The Dev's of it were the original creators of Ninja Gaiden which is why Ryu and his Ninja clan are in it and part of the story. It is still questionable how things are going to work out with DOA as Team Ninja no longer owns the rights to Ninja Gaiden, they did not sell the rights to DOA however so we have no idea if they can even continue the series or not. I would highly recommend the series and it's likeable characters and good stor. Many view it for its Lewd/NSFW nature but it's like an anime with lots of ""Plot/Ecchi"" that turns out to be great still (much like Elfen Lied). I recommend picking up 2 (original Xbox), 3 (Original Xbox Exclusive), 4 (360) and 5 Last Round (PS4 or XB1). Do not pick up DOA 5 or DOA 5 Ultimate as they are outdated versions of DOA5 LR. You can pick up DOAX2 (360) or DOAX3 (have to import that one) but know that it focuses on the lewd aspects and is a volleyball AND minigames game, that in so many cases (at least with 2) is so broken that it's funny."
76561198131205581,Recommended,311730,29856799,Posted: 11 February,all,roy the phantom troup,good game
,Recommended,311730,32758873,Posted: 24 June,all,GameDog64,"Lags sometimes, but still a good game"
76561198034966188,Not Recommended,311730,28338706,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,HighLevi,"Horrible port, outrageous pricing for dlc."
76561198060647713,Recommended,311730,15157328,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Chikirin,"i have never played a DoA game before, most fun i had in a LONG time"
76561198082807537,Recommended,311730,15155251,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,FalleN †堕落の恶魔†,希望还有更多的DLC
76561197994207456,Recommended,311730,15154356,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,yoshifreak,"Despite all the rustled jimmies over features present in the PS4 version that are not available on the PC version, DOA5LR is still a very fun and playable game that you can at long last play on you PC.With its numerous characters and game modes, the PC version has more in it than is not in it.DLC that costs twice as much as the game itself, however, well, that's another story for another day."
76561198218200755,Recommended,311730,20784206,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,priapus,"Being part of the Steam community for maybe 2 months has taught me that some people dont research games before buying them on Steam. DOA5LR is no exception. When Team Ninja announced a PC version of DOA5LR is coming to steam it was out of no where because people wanted it and people like me were saying things like ""It's not gonna happen, give up."" and well we were proven wrong because it did. It was announced that it was going to be based on last gen's version (PS3 and XBOX 360). This was 1 out of the 2 things this version people had problems with.The other thing was online being delayed. This was fixed later on but exclusive to ranked matches and no way to make your own lobby like you can in the console versions. Looking at the game's achievements list I noticed something here, the Lobby rlated achievements from the console versions are no where to be seen coming to the conclusion that this version was never ment to have them. So based by these facts, the game is fine for what it is. At least unlike last gen's console versions DLC is still being supported so PC users still have the upper hand over last gen because as of 10/13/2015 Team Ninja dropped DLC support for PS3 and XBOX 360 users and the Halloween 2015 Costume Set being the last DLC set for last gen.Another thing people have an issue with is DLC being expensive. DLC is an optional thing but I would have to agree that buying the whole pack is upsetting if you are like me and only use a handful of characters and not all of them that the pack comes with. How DLC is being handeled here on Steam is very weird. You are forced to buy the whole pack and not have an option of buying 1 DLC for a specific character you stick to like you can on consoles.Pros-Fun fighting game experience-Over 30+ characters to choose from-Story Mode-Training Mode-Arcade, Time Attack, and Survival Mode-English and Japanese Voice Over options-Online-4K resolution support if your PC supports it-Controller supportCons-DLC is in bulk (you are forced to buy the whole pack unlike the console versions but optional)-The lack of playing with friends online via invite as an alternative of no Lobby matches is odd.Final Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,311730,26147072,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,アレクサンダー,"Extremely good fighting game. However please keep in mind that I prefer to play against AI and don't care about multiplayer with cheaters on pc or pianists on consoles. Good stuff in this game for me:+ Solid mechanics where each fighter feels rather different and not just a variation of robotic movement like it feels for me in MK series+ Good combo flow. Meaning that you don't need to memorize some weird directional dodging jumping all over the screen in order to do some weird teleportation jump like in other games. What I like in DOA5 - combos kinda grow up in your head as logical continuation of what your character is doing on a screen. I absolutely love this!+ Very helpful feature of displaying combo list right there on the screen during fights and it changes depending on your input so if you have fast eye - you can hit up combos from there too+ Very good looking ladies in both normal cloth and swim suits.+ Rather fast paced combat.+ Plenty of game modes+ You do not feel that you control robots in there. Again - fluidity of animation and combos is amazing in my opinion. My other favourite fighting game is King of Fighters 13 and it has similar great rythm there.+ Rather big story mode+ It is free2play now from what I understand, so it shouldn't be a problem to pick this game and give it a try+ Very good looking feature of sweat and dirt! That's very arou... exciting.What could be improved maybe in next entry in this series- From what I understand there are no lobbies in MP, however when I fight against AI there is constant beeper that game found some other human being to play against. Tbh I don't care about pvp in fighting games and this is very frustrating to hear these beeps, but maybe lack of lobbies is not end of the world as other people paint it to be.- Could be nice to get a bit of blood too."
,Not Recommended,311730,25878935,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Andyman99999,Everyone would buy this game if there were actually nude mods for it.
76561197994832197,Not Recommended,311730,26308631,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,dlpheonix,bad port blatant money grab pass on this
,Recommended,311730,28783334,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jek,This is one of my favorite fighting games :)worth playin
,Recommended,311730,29110736,Posted: 8 January,all,CookieCrumbz,"In the past, I had avoided playing this franchise because I thought it was just a lame fighting game that was super sexualized to attract demogaphics. However, after finally picking up the game and playing it, I found the combat is very enjoyable. The fighting is fast paced and fluid with holds and counters to deal with spammers. The story was kind of eh, but the graphics were great, and the fighting system definetly rewards skilled players more than button mashers, It's actually a little bit of a shame that this game can be so easily overlooked beause of the misleading sexualization."
76561198349735842,Not Recommended,311730,31818844,Posted: 18 May,all,MO DRO420,"Yet another game with terrible controller support for PC.......... Amazing game all in all, but if you don't want to deal with the frustration of downloading extra software so that way you can play with a controller the way it should be, then i'd recommend buying it on console."
,Recommended,311730,26868407,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlexXsWx,"Come for sexy look, stay for outsanding fighting mechanic.Although that might require acceptance of few missing features, compared to console version - like online mode offering only ranked matches vs random opponents.But I absolutely love this fighting, best in a kind"
,Recommended,311730,29939650,Posted: 15 February,all,Arknight,Good for releasing your rage.
76561198020438753,Recommended,311730,30567082,Posted: 17 March,all,Pass_the _M,Fun little fighting game. Beautiful women. If you have a PS4 I would recommend that version as this is a port of the PS3 version. DLC is expensive so if you have uncontrollable OCD you should probably avoid as well. lol
,Recommended,311730,29887530,Posted: 12 February,all,mylifethekid,Awesome
76561197993702404,Recommended,311730,15150687,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Tanchu,"PROS: Team NINJA, KOEI TECMO deliver a solid fighting game to the PC.  Works perfectly using an xbox game controller.  I absolutely love this game.  The game plays great in fullscreen or windowed mode.  Fighters looks good and the costumes range from cute to completely strange.  Stages are beautiful and varied.  The new fighters are interesting to play and compliment the current roster.CONS: I wish you could adjust the PC settings in the game instead of in a launcher.  Better PC optimization could have helped as well.  It feels like sometimes the game can chug right before the match starts.  This game doesn't have steam cloud saving yet so you have to unlock the costumes per computer which is annoying.  Also, the story is really lacking and kind of boring at times.  Still awaiting the Online Patch.PC Specs:Intel Core i7 3.5GHz16 GB DDR3NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760 (2GB RAM)Beat the Story modePlayed roughly 20+ hours in versus and arcade modes."
,Recommended,311730,34942047,Posted: 13 September,all,Ed :3,AMAZING :3
,Recommended,311730,16887250,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Zheng,Finally the game got the online mode. (regardless of it's fan service part) It's a decent 3D fighting game and inputs are fridendly to who new to the game.
,Not Recommended,311730,15128883,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Nico,"Ok I change my review, almost one year after preorder this game.I guess the reason is pretty obvious for everyone now: unfinished game on market...I guess TN thought are these now: ""Online is a joke, but please buy our over 500$ DLC""If you read this review, please write a negative review too so that people stop buying this game"
,Not Recommended,311730,15146690,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Woozy,"Stripped online features are where I draw the line. Do yourself a favor and buy this on PS4 instead.Everyone seems to be forgetting there's a video game included in this. Dead or Alive 5 is the best in the franchise, and one of the most fluid 3D fighters out right now. With a 34 character roster with almost no clones, there's something for everyone here. The graphics options are pretty bare, only having 3 AA options, different reolutions, shadow quality, and something else that I'm forgetting. This game is a great way to get into the fighting game genre, with a full tutorial, as well as very few complex inputs. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ are overblowing everything so ♥♥♥♥ing hard, you'd think they ported DMC3."
,Not Recommended,311730,15130191,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,LAMB™,"Runs great, looks good, but still no point in buying a fighting game without a proper online mode. Ranked only and no option to invite your friends to play with you.I expected more. All I wanted was a lobby system."
,Not Recommended,311730,15130628,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,DLR Chris,"Don't let everyone scare you off with their complaining. This game has plenty of content, runs great and is extremely fun to boot. Be aware of the lack of online for three months and you won't be disappointed in the slightest :)UPDATE: Four months later and no online still, so....  yeah"
76561198089980282,Not Recommended,311730,15537656,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Viva peron,Good game.Bad port.Lets Not Play Koei Tecmo's PC Portshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pD0S2ux6go
,Not Recommended,311730,15131439,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,joskei,"Update: Three months in and they still haven't fixed a damn thing. I don't recommend this game to anyone.Here is a playlist for an arcade run through for each character in the roster so you can take a look and decide for yourself if it's worth your money or not.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHnE_lyw7UQkc6KcDF0qtbqflDEdAvhvzAnd you can see the entire DoA 5 story cutscenes here:https://youtu.be/n_1-84esH00This port is not finished, it's lacking content, and it's very buggy at the moment. I'm *hoping* that Team Ninja will get the PC port up to speed, at which point I will re-review. I'm really, really, hoping that patches are forthcoming (and soon). This is very sad for me, as this is my all time favorite fighting series and despite the over the top clevage bouncage, it's one of the smoothest fighters I've ever played.Negatives:- Not sure how to advance without a controller from the main screen- If you tab out of the game (while in window mode), your controllers stop working (wired XBox 360 controller AND PS3 controller via motioninjoy) when you tab back in- Visually it looks to be about the same as the PS3 version (which I own, and contrasted on the same display)- No steam achievements- No controller vibration- Missing content (2 stages)- Obviouslly it's missing online play- Missing the engine used on the PS4/Xbox OneI did notice one review that stated you could not remap your controller. That is FALSE. You have 3 different schemas to pick from, and you can define your own custom scheme if you want.Positives:- The gameplay on this is silky smooth. It's much smoother than the PS3 version in both action and pro setups.- Load times are almost non-existant, and they flow into one another very quickly (the biggest gripe I had with the PS3 version)- The input lag seems to be much lower on the PC version vs the PS3 version, so a lot of the moves, combos, and juggles are much easier to pull off or rather, more accuate and allows you to actually pull them off now.- Local multiplayer works flawlessly. Had 3 people playing at a team match locally, all with their own controller and we didn't notice so much as a hiccup.General Information- The gameplay is capped at 60fps- The cutscenes are capped at 30fps- To configure the game, right click on the game in the Steam client and choose config. That let's you set all the visual options.My System Specs:CPU: Intel i7-4930KRam: 32GB G.SKILL Ripjaws X Series DDR3 1866Video: 2x ASUS GTX760 DirectCU II OC 2GBMain Drive: Samsung EVO 840 1TBGame Drive: Seagate ST2000DMControllers: 1x Wired XBox 360 controller, 2x PS3 wireless controllers"
,Not Recommended,311730,15136607,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,[RBPM] FuzzyRabbitz,"Let me start with saying that the PC version of DOA 5: Last Round is indeed inferior to it's console counterparts. Yes, the extra stages are missing, and the keyboard layout is horrible.However, you do not buy a fighting game to play it with a keyboard. It is a genre that is best played with a controller or arcade stick, and is, as the genre describes, about the fighting. Just like the other versions, is the fighting fluent and flawless, and a lot of fun. The game is far from lacking in the fighting department. I also have to mention that the game works fine when working with a controller. And despite it using the PS3 engine, the game looks very good to me.The fighting maps are appealing, work like they're supposed to and bring the element of environment interaction to Dead or Alive. It´s a lot of fun juggling your opponent, only to have his face smacked into the ground by a giant Buddha statue. This is only available to the Solo fighting however, which is a real shame. Combo's can be pulled off, and chaining attacks is so much fun! Unlike a seeming majority of people, I think DOA 5: last round is still a fine fighting game, even on PC. Although it is inferior to it's console counterparts.Now with the plusses out of the way, it´s time for the negatives. Oh boy, this port has a lot of them.A minor flaw, since fighting games never had a solid one, but the game doesn't have a great story. You can breeze through it in a few hours, and it's not exactly an appealing one. The story simply feels like a way for them to show off what the engine can do. You go from one random location to another. Very poorly done.First of all, now more then a year after release, the game still doesn´t have proper multiplayer. The only thing provided is a very laggy, poor ranked system, that not a lot of people use. DEFINITELY DON´T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WANT TO PLAY ONLINE WITH FRIENDS. As mentioned before, the only thing available here is a poor ranked system, that is laggy and not fluent in the slightest. Pulling off combo´s has been proven to be impossible for me online and I have never been able to play the game with friends. There is no invitation or friendly match option. The only thing you can do, is qeue for ranked, stay in the same region, and pray to the gods that you qeue up against one another. 90% of the time this won't be the case however. Absolutely awful.Aside from the multiplayer, this game never feels complete with the amount of DLC that is being released. The DLC is, with the exception of 1 character, only a collection of costumes, or a few scenes you can visit. The price they are charging for it, is outragious. DO NOT BUY IT. You will regret it.If you only have access to a PC, I can't say I would recommend buying this game. You can't buy it for the online functionality, and the DLC is impossibly expensive and worthless, unless you want a quick fap. This game is a lot of fun playing on the couch however. If you have just a PC, I would say it's worth getting to play against friends at home. Definitely with the possibilities of Steam link nowadays, you can have a lot of fun playing the game around the house or on a big screen. I can say the same for people that are a fan of fighter games, and would like a challenge in the AI. The AI can be quite cheap however.However, if you also have a PS3, PS4, Xbox One or Xbox 360, buy the game for your console. This game is not worth getting on PC if you can get a superior version.TL;DR:Pros:---------- Fighting mechanics- Game is (in core) the same fighting game as it's console counterparts- A solid fighter (single player or ON COUCH multiplayer) for PC- Bouncing boobies (and jigglephysics)- Still one of the graphically appealing fightersCons:----------- No extra stages- Not a great story- Graphically not as good as it's console counterparts- Keyboard mapping is AWFUL- Terrible online multiplayer (read barely any)- No way to play with friends online- DLC WAY TOO EXPENSIVE- Barely any steam support- A very strong NO MOD Policy on PC?! SERIOUSLY?!It is a shame that there is barely any steam support on the game, and the DLC prices MUST be adressed. I'm not paying 50+ euro's for just a couple of costumes, no matter how many there are in a pack. Even though this is the same story on it's console counterparts, TECMO MUST ADJUST THE DLC PRICES.The controls for keyboards play fine for me, although a possibility for changing your controls must be implemented. If you want a solid fighter for PC (whatever your reason is), the base game would do fine. I recommend the game for anyone not able to play on consoles, but play the base game only. there is no need paying an additional 100+ euro's to unlock just a couple more costumes. Either they cut their packs into smaller DLC packs for individual characters (for a fraction of the price), or the DLC is not worth getting.Final verdict:-----------4/10"
,Not Recommended,311730,15135978,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,danexpo,"A lot of people coming into this game have preconceptions about how it should be. I think if you look at it on it's own, its a great fighter and a worthwhile purchase.  Performance is quite good for a port, one of the only recent games I can get 60FPS @ 4k with all options maxed out.Is it worth the price? I think $20-30 would have been a better price point, but I'm not regretting the purchase."
76561198080152940,Not Recommended,311730,15150741,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,傻强,A half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port now abandoned by the developer. Won't recommend this anymore
,Not Recommended,311730,15288584,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,chrisgendo,"regardless of the currently disabled online play and the entirely cosmetic overpriced costume dlc you're better off never bothering with (it seems to come with quite a few of the dlc costumes from prior editions anyway), and a couple missing stages (the most frequent complaints i see on here), it's Dead or Alive 5 in 1080p running at 60fps...... but after getting it on PS4 and seeing how much worse this version is, namely in performance (i swear the framerate is pretty wonky, but at least not during combat), i have to revise my review to make it negative.only get if you dont have a PS4 or you really want that shenmue mode (or other mods, HEHEHE)"
76561198031788994,Recommended,311730,29914995,Posted: 13 February,all,masteroogway77,"for free i cant complain at all.this a great game,i love it and am contemplating getting the full game.its fun,the micro transcations are a♥♥♥♥♥♥move just like any other game,its up to you,"
,Recommended,311730,29896963,Posted: 13 February,all,KhrØMa,Dont buy the DLC :)
,Recommended,311730,31092771,Posted: 12 April,all,Shiro_Neko,♥♥♥♥♥and asses are probably enough to convince you to buy this game. Jiggle physics are the best.
76561198037396159,Recommended,311730,32943385,Posted: 28 June,all,Arche,"Come on you guys, it isn't so bad. Yes the dlc is pricey and a bit confusing and yes there not being a lobby system (or any way to invite someone) is the dumbest thing ever, but I for one am still glad that this game got ported to PC at all. It is a good fighting game and it works well besides the lobby system. Small disclaimer: I haven't tried online multiplayer yet so I don't know about the community of players or lag. Hopefully the next game in the series will be ported to PC a bit more seriously."
76561198272393554,Recommended,311730,29922254,Posted: 14 February,all,CallMeKiriha,"It could have the multiplayer function like Player Matches aswell, like in PS3, but for me, it stills worth playing it, it´s just that part of don´t having Player Matches that ruins the game here in the Pc Version.but apart from that, it stills a good game to pass time, and still enjoy some ""Plot"" action everytime, so yh."
76561198074333477,Recommended,311730,30016570,Posted: 18 February,all,TOKEN,"I love this game why cause its free deal with itprosgood sound track my favorite songs are gotta move on, tedious days, cant stop this feeling, show down, & urgesvery good port♥♥♥♥♥TItescons: not alot of people are playing this game1K FOR DLCJUST BUY THE DOA 5 LAST ROUND ( FULL GAME )"
,Recommended,311730,30023448,Posted: 18 February,all,Ninesto,"Pros:-Gorgeous scenery and character models-Top notch fightingCons:-Beyond horrible story and implementation of that storyLuckily the replay value of this game is in the fighting itself, especially versus mode."
76561198054731831,Recommended,311730,27749612,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MissingNo.,Kicking♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,311730,29904486,Posted: 13 February,all,PixelPenguin,"Fun little fighting game. Standard game only has 4 characters available with the rest parts of DLC which is a shame, however it is a good game to kill some time. Minimum requirements say you need an i7 processor, but my i3 runs the game perfectly smoothly with no issues."
76561198285937860,Recommended,311730,27246657,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,deoxys2016,The DLCs just keep me coming back. Loves this game ;)
,Recommended,311730,27980076,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RionRaios,"The game I nominted to the first Steam Awards (2016) for the ""WHOOOAAAAAAA, DUDE!"" category.I'm sure you understand why. Especially if you keep buying the DLC."
,Recommended,311730,29918882,Posted: 14 February,all,Raju,"best fight game better than mortal combat, very good game like injustice, but more characters should have been added instead of costumes.!!!! really loved it......."
76561198010758739,Recommended,311730,29980803,Posted: 17 February,all,Twitch.tv/Artashir89,Fun game and nice charecter models if you like bouncy female boobs and sound as they having ♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game just for you :DNight fap fighter material ;) hahah
,Not Recommended,311730,17004544,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Lord King,NO COMMENTjust kidding.. looks like the PC world is waaaay tooo big for those guys they should have at least asked the help from the nvidia co. like capcom did .. capcom was struggling at first but look at them now. I hope Tecmo try seriously to respect us pc gamers or they can just stick to thier consoles ... not that I hate consoles anyway.. the game is good but not comparable to the ps4 xbox one versions minus the online mode with bad keyboard support .. even the controller support looks a little bit wierd .. new players are welcome to try this game and compete locally till online is up and running .. hard core fan of the series I'm 100% with you that this game looks like a cheap arcade rip off and those lazy tecmo guys need a beating.It's a good fighting game from lazy or incompetent devs who struggle on their pc ports.So I recommend this for casual gamers who like fighting games.EDIT: yes they added achievements but no steam cards and no online with ps3 effects.EDIT2: the online is finally here.EDIT3: online is practically dead you have no lobbies no unranked games and missing new arenas not sure what the devs are doing but they really failed in delivering a good game to the pc community without even saying a word explaining what happened ....
76561198041842498,Recommended,311730,15149684,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Pooltastic,"So, more than half a year after release, Team Ninja finally sneaked in bare bone online features. Time for another update of the review, then.Dead or Alive 5 Last Roung is an amazing fighter:+ that looks gorgeous+ and has a fast, fluid and suprisingly in-depth fighting system.+ Not to mention the almost complete lack of loading times.It does, however, have a couple eye-brow raising quirks, too:- Like no key rebinding- and the over-bloated and over-priced DLC packs that have a suspicious tendency of copy-pasting costumes between characters.- Not to mention costumes that should have been included in the game were cut out and put into those same DLC packs.So, if you have a controller and don't plan on buying any extra costumes, then you have no reason not to buy this game. It looks great, runs great and will provide tons of entertainment.Even if you are a keyboard warrior, don't fret. The default keys are arranged in a kind of logical, if somewhat cramped way, which does not take long to get used to.Honestly, the only reason not to get this game is if you can get it on the consoles instead."
,Recommended,311730,29866099,Posted: 11 February,all,Georgieboywonders,Worth a play though. Brings back a lot of nostalgia if you've played the previous games.
,Not Recommended,311730,16813292,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Unprogress,Boobs.I like em.Dynamic combat system.I like it.In conclusion - this game hast boobs - lots of them.Buy it u horny ba*t*rd x)-----------------------------------------Still no mp♥♥♥♥♥that game.
76561197993558380,Recommended,311730,15142603,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,THE FUN ENDS HERE,The game runs and responds as it should.No need to worry about all the whining reviews.It's mostly just social justice warriors pretending to be gamers and the incredibly gullible.Do you really think actual people would complain so hard about missing 2 stages in a fighting game and some shader effects that the power of a pc graphics card can do on it's own anyway?
76561198015858126,Not Recommended,311730,15194615,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Raymond Reddington,"ok , what to say,. just pass your way1-missing contents compared to consoles version because : they dont care about pc players.2-packs of costumes dlc sold 50 euros each and there will be no way to have the possibility to buy individually or smaller packs as on consoles because : they don't give a s... of pc users.3-this game is fun a couple of hour but after, it's just boring. game forgotten in 2 weeks.4- online playing in 3 months , everybody will have forgotten this cheap g.ar.ba.ge at that time, so nobody online.scamming, lying, money grabbing. ( details are in forums, don't feel like to repeat all here ) is the only purpose of this sad firm.conclusion : tecmo koe = g.a.rBa.geThe good point : i never bought any of their other crap products,"
76561197987734581,Recommended,311730,15130560,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Silanda,"So, I see a lot of negative reviews here, but I don't think that's entirely fair and here's why: this is a good game and should be viewed on its own merits rather than the behaviour of its publisher.Graphics:Generally nice. Fluid 60fps gameplay which isn't too demanding on systems. The high resolution options and the availability of super sampled anti-aliasing make this game sharper looking than any of the console versions. Admittedly, it would be nice to be able to select an arbitrary resolution, so hopefully this will be patched in. The texture work is pretty solid all round too, although, being a last gen console titile originally, it doesn't compete with the latest games.Controls:Quick and responsive. The game plays well, but it does have mapping issues with some controllers and could really benefit from the ability to remap all button, e.g. start and back.Gameplay:It's a Dead or Alive game. Fast, responsive fighting has always been the trademark of this series, and this version appears no different. It also has the largest character roster in the series history, with a mix of new characters alongside stalwarts from the DoA and Virtua Fighter series. If you're a fan of the series then you can't really go wrong here.Caveats:The game is missing features from the PS4 version. Two stages are gone and so is the ""Soft Engine"", i.e. the enhanced boob physics. Also not present at launch is the online multiplayer mode, which Team Ninja have promised to patch in and is the biggest flaw at present.Overall:While not quite as good as could be hoped, and despite Tecmo's woeful lack of communication pre-release, this is a solid port of an excellent game. It has plenty to recommend for fight fans, if you can overlook the missing features."
76561197998864195,Recommended,311730,15127764,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jara665,"Is this game playable? Yes. I can play this game on laptop and it runs constant 60 FPS and 1080p during fights. Playing with gamepad is recommended. It's the exactly same like the version for PS3.  I preordered it and don't regret it. No bugs, everything is running okay and I have no problems. It's fun to play."
,Recommended,311730,15702796,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,NatsumeKonno 『紺野棗』,GameplayThis port is pretty good if your looking for a DoA fighter then i would get this one.GraphicsLooks great way better then the console version. It is missing Soft Engine but its fine.DLCVery expensive. They dont let you buy singles like the console version have to buy in bundle pack. It doesnt impact the game just custom looks. You can unlock clothes as you play so its nice.ModsThe mods are nice to have custom clothes and junk would buy it when its cheaper.Final: Buy the game when its cheaper.
,Recommended,311730,15132358,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,MALD,"The game looks ♥♥♥♥ing nice, and plays smooth as butter. No issues so far. PS4 Controller, Qanba Q2 Arcade Stick, and Keyboard workd perfectly."
76561197970257583,Recommended,311730,15133094,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Neptune  Zero,"I own many iterations of DOA on other systems and this is the best version of DOA available.* The 2 missing stages and some particle effects are really not missed. If you compare PS4 screenshots to PC screenshots, you will see the PC version is the sharpest!My opinion on the game itself is based solely on what I got for what I paid. I find DOA5 to be a good value and a great addition to my PC collection.ProsLots of characterslots of stagestons of costumes (particularly if you preordered)Sharp visuals60fps even on modest hardware (including mobile i5's with IntelHD Graphics)While I can't say it is 100% bug free, it runs reliably for me on 4 different machinesA few VF Characters appear in the lineup!ConsThere is a controller issue with some keys not working as you would expect, but it's an issue with other games as well.(The game is confused with RT, LT, Back and Start on my Hori RAP EX)Stereo sound onlyNo vibration supportCan't configure keyboard inputsNo online a launch*I am admittedly a casual, so balance changes and the more advanced dynamics I have not delved into yet. I haven't played DOA in several years. I do know a bit about the rock\paper\scissors design, but I can't really speak deeply about mechanics and changes since prior versions.Most of the negative reviews are not actually complaining about how playable or fun DOA5 on the PC is. They are complaining about how the company managed communications regarding the port. They are also using DOA5 as a proxy for the PC VS Console ""war"".  Some feel you need to give a game a bad review if the PC version doesn't have everything released on other systems, even if the missing features are minor."
76561197991630028,Not Recommended,311730,15163989,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Redbeard,Basic features missing and I'm not sure why I bought this version over a console version.
,Recommended,311730,15135592,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Zakrich,Best PS3 emulator of the year. 10/10
,Recommended,311730,15137694,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,kakero,"As a casual fighting game newbie, I can say it's a good entry game for the genre. I've played some other fighting games before and the difficulty is just too high even on normal modes. DOA5LR starts you off slowly and has a pretty good slope to climb up on, so it let me play right away without getting frustrated.I think the developers kinda set the bar high for the minimum and recommended specs, too. I'm playing this on a laptop with a mid-range graphics processor, and it's running pretty smoothly especially on fullscreen even on 1080p. I've encountered a few frame rate drops on windowed, but I was running two screens with a lot of open windows at that time too.Extremely disappointed that they didn't port the current gen console version (PS4) properly though. No Steam Cloud support and Steam Achievements as well. I'm hoping they still add those, the missing levels and effects in a patch soon, but as Team Ninja's too lazy with the PC port, I can only wait...again.In its current state, I will only recommend getting this on a sale that's even cheaper than the current 10% off, but if you're single and lonely... ¯\(°_o)/¯"
,Recommended,311730,15136168,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tenshu,"The first proper Dead or Alive game on the PC. How does it fare? It's actually a pretty good port. A lot of reviews are... I'd have to say ""whining"" about two stages being cut and no achievements. The latter may be added later for people that like to get those things.As for the game itself. It looks pretty. The characters, which are arguably the most important asset in the game, all look fantastic even if they're using PS3 textures, the shadowing makes up for it imo. It's the same trick used in the past two Dynasty Warriors games Koei has ported to PC: Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends Complete Edition and Dynasty Warriors 8: Empires. This does indicate that perhaps Koei just doesn't know much about PC porting in general, whether it's Team Ninja or Omega Force, but it gets by. If you're looking for eye candy, the game's like a light version of something like Dragon Age: Inquisition. The game is pretty stable, I'm running a budget build at 1080p with 2k shadows and full AA, it looks great. I did get one crash in Story Mode but ever since then it hasn't given me any problems.As for the gameplay if you're just a fighting game fan or just semi-interested in the genre, the gameplay's pretty solid. Nothing too hard to get used to, no knowing of any strengths to punches and kicks, but do note that everyone can counterhold almost any attack you throw out. However this comes with a rock-paper-scissors type of mechanic where a Strike wins over a Throw, a Throw wins over a Counter, and a Counter wins over a Strike. You can freely move around no problem with most characters and can side step, making defense in this game very easy to get into. As for offense, every character has an assortment of moves that can extend combos depending on circumstances such as stun and critical stun. The game itself has an extensive tutorial mode that delves into the deeper mechanics as well.The music is very mood setting, it gets you into the fight. The sound effects are satisfying. Nothing seems to be downgraded at all in this port, though you do hear a change in quality if a Virtua Fighter character talks but that's something minor.The controls are decent. Keyboard warriors may have a tough time, even if this game is incredibly accessible to a keyboard user by design. For a controller, I don't know if anyone's had this same issue, but the XB360's left analog stick seems to register a bit too sensitively with the game, slightly tilting it to left or right on the character select makes it cycle too fast so if that bugs you, just use the D-pad, there's not many intricate movements or combos where you'd want the stick anyway.I like the game myself and for the price, I'll be honest I think even WITH an Online mode later, it should remain at $35.99. While there is cut content (not essential at all, but hey it's still missing content) and the game uses shading trickery to look better, it'd fall between the pricing of Blazblue: Continuum Shift Extend and Ultra Street Fighter IV/King of Fighters XIII. It's a great game, easy to pick up and play. If you somehow like fighting game stories, the game's story mode isn't like Mortal Kombat 9's even though it tries to be, you'll be done with the story mode in a couple of hours, the rest of the game itself is great. If you want a nice 3D fighter on PC, this is a safe bet and if you're a DOA fan that hasn't been able to play a DOA game since DOA2, this has a lot of things carried over with some new moves and new mechanics. Hopefully the later Online patch will show if the game was well balanced.On a numbers scale, I'd rate this a 7/10. Definitely get it if you have the spare money but only if you want a good 3D fighter or are a fan of DOA, otherwise do snag it when it goes on sale.Also here are my PC's specs if you want to gauge it against your own:AMD FX-6300 @4.4GHzGTX 750Ti SC 2GBVRAM8GB RAMHave the game stored on a HDDWindows 7 Ultimate 64-bit"
,Recommended,311730,15141020,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Jahooli,Kasumi has a costume that's literally a flower necklace and a g-string.10/10.
,Recommended,311730,15137143,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Simbiat,"I have mixed feelings about this one.I did not even care for the plot. 1stly it seems, like, you need to know what happened in previous games, but either way it seems... Well, a bit over the top and ridicolous to me. So I started skipping very soon. But, let's be honest, when did fighting games had an actually good plot? I do not remember such.Graphically it's ok, even thouhg it's PS3 port, rather than PS4 from what I understand. Although, to be honest, in terms of looks, I like only Mila and Tina. They seem most ""real"" to me, despite Tina having bigger boobs, than what she would have had IRL. Others seem too plastic and dumb-faced, IMHO. Generalizing a bit, maybe, but still. I like Mila and Tina as characters, too. Well, again, they seem more ""alive"" and ""down to earth"" somehow compared to others.Music seems good, which is also important to a fighting game. Maybe not the best OST, I could think of, but my ears does not bleed and some of the tracks do really suit the mood of the fights.Now... For the most important thing: gameplay. Well... As usual I started with playing tutorial. I know, that most fightings have same basics, but tutorials can give hints on some more complex technics. I exited tutorial on the last part of Critical Burst or something. The one where you press Punch and Kick simultaniously. The one where you need to ""follow up the Critical Burst"". I thought I had to do the same thing as in previous tutorial, where I do Critical Burst, than a combo, than Critical Burst again, but... Either it did not register or something entrely else was meant. EIther way, even up to this point, Iive been noticing some issues with registering directional keys when they are required to be input inbetween punches\kicks. For example when you press Punch, Punch, Right, Punch it's oftren registers as Punch, Punch, Punch, Right. I'm using XBOX ONE controller and.. This frustrates me. Even stranger, that if I try to recreate this without touching the opponent it gets recareated.. Most of the time, but not always. Like 75% of the times it's done as expected. While with opponent odds are reversed.But ok. That may be a rage quit. I checked the following tutorials simply by names and there seem to be some more advanced technics in there. Instead of trying those, though, I decided to start the story mode and return to tutorial, if I feel AI too strong to handle withouth finishing it. Well... Button mashing. Maybe not exactly, but it works. I mean in Mortal Kombat, for example, you needed to do complex combos and use skills to finish AI opponents. Here - just punch and kick randomly, while using directions to switch High\Mid\Low attacks to break through guard. That's it. Drive opponent into the corner and just use quick jabs and uppercauts (when opponent is down). That is it. Maybe it will become harder closer to the end, but so far difficulty seems to rise up mainly because the new opponent has different body type and you need to get used to his\her animations.But suprisingly it felt... Fine. The kind of fine, that you can get from DMC games, if you just mash the buttons. You still get through, not artistically enough, but you disable your brain for a moment and just let it out. It does give some satisfaction. Primal one, very simplistic, but still - satisfaction. And again, there are more advanced moves in there, that are quite hard to master, so you can up your own game.So, I will mark it as recommended. It is a quick fix, just to blow some steam off and watch some jigglies. After all animation is pretty good (although boobs seem to jiggle too much even with ""natural"" settings. And characters do have different body types, seem to have different speed and thus do actually feel a bit different when playing them.But, my advise: wait for a discount. Like 50% or more. And do not bother with those costume packs, which cost evenmore than the game itself. If you have that much money to waste - better give it to me ;)"
76561198038371482,Recommended,311730,17329179,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Rat 13,"[sarcasm]It seems like a lot of people don't like this game, and they have reasons for that, yap. Just imagine: PC version does not included 2 (Holly shеit TWO) arenas, and graphics are less shiny. OMG it is a valid rant.[/sarcasm]I do like this game however, for what reasons? Well, first of all this is like only 3d fighting game on steam (Too bad we still don't have Tekken 5 and 6). The charecters are great and everyone uses a uniq for him\herself fighting style; Be that MMA, Ninjutsu, Mao-Tai or Drunken Fist; Every move, every combo, evey juggle are done with love and care. It is one of those fighting, where you wish to learn charecters and than pick one or two and learn how to play them; For the reason to see that execution of comlicated combos (and a lot of times, you can and actually must orcestraate them yourself, like in Guilty Gear or Blaze Blue).Second is of course charecters themself. They are not chatty or anything doring combat, but do have a certan personality to them, alone or tag match, intros and outros, taunts, switching and executing power moves... hard to imagine anyone will not fall for a few of those guys and girls.Music and sounds. Oh yeah, music maybe an ambient one, but this is an ambient kicks some major arsе. And game even let you to decide what music you wanna hear throughout fights: Be that charecter linked, or arena one -- up to you. There are also music from previous games of this series and player allowed to set it as much as he\she wants. And sounds are great: Moaning, huffs and puffs, ambient sounds of people screaming, shеit getting blown up, dust and sandstorms really fits in combat.Uhm story mode is kinda clunky, and since it heavily rely on player to know previous games, might even feel wierd and incomplete... Whatever, it does have a few cool and fun moments (Battle for cookie is a legendary scene!). And there are also some other modes you can play; Combo challenges, training, PvP, PVC, tag matches, survival mode, team survival, earning titles... Game have enough content to keep you buisy for a while.Graphics? Good enough, actually it is good: Sweat, dirt, ""xploshions, arenas. Whatevs I do not speak much about graphics. Art style however is nice, and arenas are rich in what they have to offer; Fro jungles and ancient temples to city rooftops and military zone somewhere in Iraq. Every arena have enough details and interactive object (That can be used to further hurt opponent) that you will come back to some of those again and again!Also there are costumes for heroes and heroines and glasses, oh yeah glasses.To sum it up: Unless Tekken 5 and 6 will end up on steam DoA 5 is probably the only 3D fighting right now that is both enjoyable and reach in what it have to offer.The cons are: You can't rebind controlls (on keyboard), it won't read all gamepads and it may crash here and there with no particular reason."
,Recommended,311730,15294799,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,boonzee,dlc is such a rip!!!but hey graphics mod are COMING!!!
,Recommended,311730,25719496,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,type2red,"I really felt compelled to write a review because despite universal criticism i have had nothing but a positive experience with this game from initial download, to install, to first running the game on my machine at max settings. Is the DLC crazy expensive? Yes, is this a bad game because of this? Absolutely not!! This is a great game besides DLC or sexy half naked girls with bouncing breasts or even the slow to release online and missing ps4 stages and a make-believe soft-engine. This game is Fun, Fun, Fun and that is the bottom line. The game is also extremely well optimized the download is a little over 6 gigs and it runs very well and controller works without any fuss for the life of me i don't get high poorly optimized games like Naruto get high user scores and you need to search forums just to get those games to run right but this gets mixed or drastically low reviews. I think it is because people actually love the game but have such high expectations that it causes them to only look at the bad and not support the developer and give honest feedback it also shows that we all want the DLC on those pretty girls and the developer knows it too that is why it is priced the way it is lol. Oh well great game."
,Recommended,311730,15131608,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Lesbifriends,"I'm amazed at the highly critical reviews around every triple A game to be released on steam. I'll put forth my two cents.This game is my favorite 3D fighter. I own at least two dozen fighting games, mostly on console, including DOA5 for PS3. The gameplay flows well and looks incredible, with even counters looking fluid and realistic while other fighting games just implement general combo-breakers (nothing wrong with that, but the amount of fluidity speaks measures for the work and detail put into the game.)The cast is wide and each character has a highly impressive selection of costumes, as well as the ability to make minor adjustments to each costume after choosing your character (Hair style, glasses, etc.) Everyone will be able to find costumes they like and are comfortable fighting in. If you're like me and are turned off by skimpy outfits and overly sexualized costumes, don't be scared off by the game's reputation, you'll find costumes that don't bother you, trust me.While I recommend it highly in general, I do have to make a few warnings.This game is gorgeous and as such, is incredibly demanding on your rig. I see a lot of people complaining about it not running well. The game runs perfectly for me as well as a friend of mine who plays on a laptop, but if your computer has trouble running some high-end games, this one probably won't run super well.The online isn't up yet. Much like Resident Evil: Revelations 2, the online is disabled at launch, presumably so Tecmo-Koei can keep tabs on performance issues and patch in fixes before optimizing online play for the Steam servers. If you're a hardcore fighting gamer who plays online only, maybe it'd be best to wait, and then read some reviews on the netcode, as fighting game netcode can make or break a fighting game in the long run.If you're looking for a new 3D fighter and have a very good computer, though, this one was a huge pleasant surprise for me when I first tried it on console, and I still enjoy it on PC. Some have complained about not liking the controller bindings, but please- you can adjust that in game. Options menu isn't that hard to find, people.As of right now, there are currently some issues with saved games if you change your profile name. I'm expecting this to be fixed in an upcoming patch so I didn't mention it, but be warned, if you like to change your name a lot I suppose. I'll edit and remove this note when it's fixed."
76561197993256111,Recommended,311730,15141184,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Uzi [OTG],"THis game is working fine and dandy on my Win 7 64 bit system. Using MS 360 wired controller. No issues. No 3rd party software needed.Looks fine and has been stable for the nearly (now 9 hours I've played.I don't understand why all the hate.Hardware intel i7 2600k with gtx 970.HD res with SSAA 4x as of time of this post.Only downside for me so far, is I can get hand cramps when using the controller. Hah.Just over 9 hours in and I have no reason to knock on this title. It is holding up well and I am enjoying it.Only had one crash in story mode when transitioning from one story to the next.  That was one story transisition out of 20 or so .Most of the time though I'm having fun in random fights.Oh, I forgot to mention before I run the game in full screen mode. Didn't bother with windowed mode yet. The game behaves itself well when I have occasion to alt-tab out to my desktop, other than the music / sound still playing in background it causes no grief here.IT is a bit clunky setting up , you need to run the game from your libary to hit play in order to have a option for graphic setup options that you don't see if starting the game itself.I don't consider not having multiplayer yet a big deal to me as of this point.I see no need to fuss over cost of DLC I never plan to buy.I see reason to fuss over less jigglyness than the PS4 version of the game as if youbother to unlock the jiggle mode options in this version, the jigglyness is nearly as jiggly as the PS4 version.For those that don't know and you merely have to have a female combatant lose 10 times in a row for that option perk to show up in game settings. Pick DOA mode.Enjoy."
76561197980137658,Recommended,311730,15146563,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,[Kraza],"Seems to be alot of mixed reviews, but i personaly have enjoyed 3 hours straight of this game. sure it may not be complete yet but it is playable without issues. comming from someone who has not played DOA since DOA3 back on Xbox i enjoy this game quite alot. Defenetly not meant to be played with a keyboard howeverI can recomend this to people who use a xbox control for PC as it seems to work flawlessly.As for the performance ive had no issues except one cut scene that didnt start but a restart fixed that.And for all who critizise the company who made this, go make a port work this well yourself if your so much better. it saddens me that so many people complain about the most rediculus stuff now adays.I recomend this game to anyone who likes fighting games on PC. we sure dont have enough of em yet so glad to see one of my favorites popping up :)"
,Not Recommended,311730,15164068,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,K_CYW,"Pros:1) Good gameplay for a 3D fighting game2) Stable, no CTD so farCons:1) It's only a outdated PS3™ version2) Missing PS4™ version features and graphical effects3) Cannot change the keyboard setting4) No controller's vibration support5) Absence of Steam Cloud Integration6) Delayed online functionality7) Too little choice for DLC8) Unreasonable expensive DLC price............../′ˉ/).............(\ˉ`\.........................../....//..............\\....\......................./....//................\\....\................/′ˉ/..../′ˉ\............./ˉ`\....\ˉ`\...........././.../..../..../.|_......_|.\....\....\...\.\...(.(....(....(..../.)..)....(..(.\....)....).....)...\................\/.../....\...\/................/....\................. /........\................../.......\..............(............)............../...........\.............\.........../............./.........Y..O..U...................S..U..C..K....................Koei Tecmo................"
,Recommended,311730,15132335,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kira,Great work Team Ninja.The game is lovely looking and no fps drops or lags for entire time in game!5 of 5!
,Recommended,311730,15135539,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,TEKIJI,Good fighting for who loves fightings with females charactersMost of the comments are negative just because the graphics are not such as on PS4.not because bad gameplay or something... just because graphics...but find difference in graphics between PS4 and PC very hard
76561198036092788,Recommended,311730,15139468,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,iNFAMESS,"Last Round finally hits Steam and it manages to be a solid port, despite lacking a few features.Gameplay:If you've played any of the previous DOA games or dabbled with Virtua Fighter, you should feel right at home. This iteration features over 30 characters to choose from with 19 stages in this specific port (Danger Zone and Crimson are missing). The Three Button system allows the game to be highly accesible, with a key feature being able to parry an attack during combos and strings.  There's a lot more mechanics for those looking to take their game to the next level such as new types of stuns, Power Launchers, Critical Bursts and more.  Like the other Versions it features modes such as Story, Challenge, Training, Versus (1v1/Tag), Survival(1v1/Tag), Time Attack(1v1/Tag), and Team Battle. The PC port doesn't have Online out the gate, but it is coming eventually. Even if you plan on playing solo there are tons of modes and unlocks to you busy, of course nothing beats playing against other people.Graphics:While this version doesn't feature the Soft Engine or particle effects from the current gen consoles, it still manages to actually look better than the other two in some ways thanks to AA, better shadows and resolutions. So yeah if your worried about this not being a looker, then you can put your mind at ease.Sound:This game features both an English and Japanese dub, and an OST that includes music from DOA1 all the way to it current incarnation that your allowed to customize no less!Overall:If your looking for a really good 3D fighter o PC seriously look no further. Yes it's missing some features but they are minor at best. No online is gonna hurt for a bit but it is coming and honestly that should be the only deal breaker here. If you decide to take the plunge despite all the cons you'll be rewarded with a really awesome 3D fighting game with great sound, visuals, and most importantly gameplay!+3D Fighter on Steam+Accesible with challenge for those looking for it.+Lots of characters+Lots of Stages+Lots of Modes+Tons of Costumes+Awesome OST+Dual audio voice tracks+Pretty Visuals-Config Launcher-Missing two Stages-No Soft Engine (though I could care less)-No Online (yet)"
,Recommended,311730,15286205,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,ProuDi,good story (for me) good boobies .
76561197970547043,Recommended,311730,18274053,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Syad,"This is a great game worth your money in case you like fighting games. Competent game mechanics and stunning female models. It has single player, multiplayer and offline multiplayer modes. 60fps and very low system reqs. It runs on my 5 yo PC w/o any problems. It differs slightly from the console versions(the console version lacks AA/AF effects, but they got an extra map to play on). Its kinda ironic that most negative reviews here focus on the game not being an exact console clone where normally this is exactly what you do not want.I have quite a lot of playtime and unlocked all the achievements, was fun."
76561198122337374,Recommended,311730,15131085,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Legendary Goken,"Don't listen to the haters, it's DOA on Steam!!! It's still got everything.It's still got all the characters, hairstyles/sunglasses toggle, exhibition mode (which lets you get all the costumes). So what if it doesn't have two stages and newer graphics, you can hardly tell anyway, and these people are crying and dying as you can see. lol. over nothingThe online not being available is a small issue, but I've been waiting so long to play DOA5LR (because I only have a computer) that it's not a problem. I can wait, in the mean time, I can train all the new characters! Raidou is a MONSTER!"
,Recommended,311730,15131449,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ryukazama4413,"hmmm... just want to see what you guys can do after took my money, 35,99 USD is not a big thing to me. But if i can see how Team Ninja is through those money, it's still a good lesson ^.^... 3 more months, ok... lack of many things... it can be fixed ^.^... but if nothing change, ok... modder can do better... ^.^... and if Team Ninja is a crap, ok... I dont need to use your stuff anymore..."
76561198116093704,Recommended,311730,15244213,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,MaxCrusader,Fun and easy to pick up fighting game. Graphics look amazing!
76561197970554971,Recommended,311730,15136005,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Arch-Nemesis,"It's really not that bad.  Sure, two arenas are missing, but you still have 24 others to pick from.  Yeah no multiplayer yet, but it's in the works, and to be honest, that doesn't appeal to everyone.  Omission of the soft engine really makes no practical difference in my eyes.The game also runs silky smooth at 1680x1050 on my Core i5 3570k with an AMD Radeon 7850 (which is a midrange card at best).  So far no stability issues either.At the end of the day, it's the gameplay that will keep you coming back.  If you like the DOA style, this game should be right up your alley.  For me, it's quite fun to play, and I think may others can enjoy it as well."
,Recommended,311730,15131702,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,dr0ol,"Haven't played DOA since PS2 (DOA2). I was pleased to see it was coming to pc since i don't own consoles anymore. The port is bad but it runs good though. There's stupid stuff like picture album telling you to go to the steam overlay for the album, lol. It crashed once during the story mode, and at some point, Helena had a furiously fast rotating helicopter rotor on her head. This was during a cutscene.Also Hayabusha had a big cilinder as a head when shooting down a helicopter during another cut.You can barely change any graphics options, and the game looks dated. Content in the game is low compared to other beat m ups of the past few years. I bet totalbiscuit would destroy this game in his review ;).Anyway, ignoring al that, gameplay wise it seems to be al there. I enjoy it, like i did al those years ago. It's just a shame a game like this didn't get a little more love from the devs when porting.Thumbs up, but only if you know what you are getting and really want it. Seeing that Mortal Kombat X is just around the corner, that one might be a better deal if you gotta pick one.PS:specs, core i5 4670K @ 4Ghz, amd 280x, 8 GB 1866 ram, xbox 360 controller."
76561198017011392,Recommended,311730,15251739,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,PeaNut,"Good game, Worth getting few bugs but bearable."
76561198060682094,Recommended,311730,16019155,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Dark Emperor Terrantos,"I am surprised at how many negative reviews are for this game.    But alas here's my review for it.First off, I would like to point out.  The game is a lot cheaper then it is on Console.  A total of 35 bucks to be exact.  Definitely better then a lot of games where u need to pay over 50 dollars for a game.The gameplay itself is very smooth and i rarely had any framerate drops if any at all.  It is very enjoyable to play as the characters with the smooth mechanics, not to hard to master anyone if you know what your doing.    I saw very little issues in the gameplay itself.   and i rather enjoyed the game, as i didn't have to worry about petty achievements that Playstation Network and Xbox Live have forced upon us in this day and age.   and personally i find a game more enjoyable and fun, without achievements.  and when the gameplay is rather smooth.and like any DOA game.  the designs,  animations, graphics are really beautiful for this era.  and i really like the designs of the characters.  the story too is really good even if a bit corny at times.Rant:As some may or may not realize, it had to go through the greenlight system to get Approved which is not cheap, thus why the DLC bundles are so expensive and cost more then the game itself. and Unlike PSN,  Steam has never once sold Individual DLC for specific characters, thus why they're all in bundles.  So its understandable why Tecmo Koei put them at the prices they are, so they don't go bankrupt.  This way they have more chances to make more games in the future.While i am disappointed they removed the 2 extra stages and the soft-engine that the PS4 and I think Xbox One use for the game,  i believe they removed them for stability reasons.  So gamers would have less issues playing the game.  as this would  cause issues with the Vram, and Hardrive space.  causing more bugs then what little bugs are already in the game.  This would especially be evident on low-end PCS, and not everyone has a High End PC that is meant for gaming.  so this was probably done for that.Regarding the lack of why we did not get online mode or the achievements immediately which by the looks of things we will be getting fairly soon.   importing a game into a PC is not as easy as it looks. as certain things would cause stability issues as I mentioned before.  so they had to mess with things so they can put these features into the game later on down the road,  of course they will not be there immediately.  as this is new to Tecmo Koei.  their mainly known for console games,  this is  one of their 4 games they have put on Steam and are still learning.  So given that i say online and achievements are secondary when it comes to gameplay,  enjoying the game, and the story mode.Finally.  The game does not suffer any crashes as far as i have experienced so this is another Plus for the game.  As Koei did not half♥♥♥♥♥it like Bethesda did for Skyrim.  thus less crashes for the game.Rant Over.Now the only NEGATIVES i really have with the game is the occasional glitch or 2.  but that is minor compared to everything else in the game.   Sure u can't customized your keyboard gameplay settings or your gamepad if you use one.  and for some people who use Low-end Laptops or PCS in general.   they may suffer Lip-synching problems but if you keep your PC well maintained this will fix this somewhat.I personally use Ccleaner and Smart Defrag.Overall the Game gets an 8 out of 10 in my book.  Would i recommend this?  Yes.  to any Fan of the Dead or Alive Series, this game is honestly a fun and enjoyable game.  and i would recommend it to fans of the series."
76561198180584234,Recommended,311730,23340625,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,mdm356,"I never played the Dead or Alive series nor have I ever had any interest either, but after recently getting into the fighting game genre, this as well as Guilty Gear Xrd immediately hooked me. The Graphics on Dead or Alive 5 Last Round are superlatively designed, the gameplay is fluid and the character models look amazing. Everything runs smoothly and I only encountered minimal stutters for about less than a second. Furthermore, the arenas within DOA5LR carry an added challenge by having danger and hazard zones, which add to the excitement of the gameplay. Overall, Dead or Alive 5 Last Round is a fun and very newcomer friendly game that has alot to offer in terms of the gaming experience. However, thanks to nude modders, we supposedly will not receive anymore DOA releases. Nevertheless, this game is amazing and I would honestly reccomend it to any fighting game aficionado."
,Recommended,311730,15141011,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Lithia,I really enjoy this game.-Lith. ...Unembellished
,Recommended,311730,16657572,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,heth,"Decent 3D fighting game, nice mechanics, fun to play."
76561198022126715,Not Recommended,311730,19689980,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Ɖrəɐɱ,"An absolute failure in all regards. The loss of Tomonobu Itagaki can be felt in every aspect of this game. Nothing but a sham based on the corpse of a franchise that no longer exists. Hell, DOA4 looks better visually if you can believe it or not. With $400+ on DLC and no online mode to speak of there really is nothing to do on this game. Yeah, DOA has always had a somewhat cheesy story but this title takes that nostalgic cheese and lets it rot before forcing it down your throat at a premium... I can't stress this enough, Koei/Tecmo screwed over the fans hard and did it for a quick cash grab. I haven't felt this betrayed by a developer since Duke Nukem Forever.Let it die, people."
,Recommended,311730,15135935,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,oOBeanOo,"This game is good. I have fun time myself. Hope they will upgrade to match PS4 version. Keep things up, Team Ninja."
76561198116258903,Recommended,311730,15143098,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ajcortes.geo,"I'm playing this on a: 20""LED 1600x900 screen; I3-2120 3.3Ghz; GTX650ti; wireless xbox 360 controller.runs well. no slowdowns. the best looking fighter. i have 2x SSAA enabled. shadows at 2048x2048 enabled.technically, graphically this should be equivalent to ps3 version, but the higher resolution on pc makes thisversion look a lot better.character selection is better than ps3: you can select hair, glasses, etc like picking a costume(ps4 style).i only play local, story or ""arcade"" mode. so i'm not really looking for online.i don't look for achievements, steam cards, trophies and all that.unlocking costumes and titles is enough ""goal"" for me.so if you're like me, then you're good to go.have fun!"
76561197979985046,Not Recommended,311730,15273533,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Lilith,"Why I don't recommend this game.1.) I read the minimum requirements, My Computer obviously meets them the problem this game by Default will not support a 5:4 Format monitor only 16:9 monitors I am quite happy with my multi 5:4 setup no need to upgrade.. With client modification I can run a manual settings patch which allows me to run in 5:4 Resolution Full Screen.2.) They are banning Modders for no reason This is why I regret paying money, anyone who modify the game can get banned from the game. (Talking about Custom Skin Mods, or Game settings/Graphics Mods.). When I purchased pre-purchased this game (I was not required to accept any third party EULA, or Agreement). When I purchased the game I checked for (VAC Secured) or Valve Anti Cheat.The game did not specify that I could not run any modifications or make changes (to my licensed copy of the software on my system.)While I personally don't care over $35 spent on the game the company should (Offer a Refund to those who care) and no longer want this game due to banning modifications on a players own copy of the game.So here are the solutions which would make me actually trust this game company again, or never buy another title from them again.1.) Offer a refund to those players who were not made aware of the modding2.) Stop the harassment to modders who simply want to enjoy a single player game their way and let them mod.3.) Why banning mods makes no sense is because regardless of steam, I can't go into specifics but players will just download a copy of this game outside of steam elsewhere and modify the game as much as they like along with all DLC packs (illegally)  and play the game meaning you lose money. (This is a good reason to support mods, and keep your customers happy.) And in short run its possible to play games that require steam without steam.4.) I would suggest updating the software to a EULA and put a proper third party agreement, because you could get a lawsuit.Either way I have already uninstall the game from my computer and have no plans of playing this game or recommending this game for these reasons stated above. Personally (Steam) should never allow a game company to keep their games on (Steam) if they are going to do malicious things like this.http://www.pcgamer.com/as-predicable-as-the-sunrise-dead-or-alive-5-nude-mods-appear/On another note I have always wanted to see (Console Games) come to PC, but can't stand to play games with companies today who do things like this to its players who spend their hard earned cash."
,Recommended,311730,19292461,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Zloth,"GET THE FREE VERSION FIRST!  One major issue with this game is antiquated controller programming.  So get the free version, make sure you can set the controller up right, THEN think about buying the game.  Now, on to the review...If you're looking for a deep fighting game to play off line every now and again, the game will deliver.  Every character has a huge list of moves you can learn and practicing will definitely improve your game.  The graphics are good enough.  The game is perfect for stereoscopic (e.g. 3D Vision) users with the action taking place right at the range where eye triangulation works best and a small modification will push the interface out of the screen to prevent most of the depth crossing.A lot of folks are complaining about overpriced DLC.  What they are missing is that the DLC is totally optional.  There's a couple of fighters (and those DLCs are actually reasonably priced) but the rest are just costumes.  What's more, the modding scene for this game has provided a huge list of additional costumes you can have for free.That said, there are plenty of valid issues with this game.  The controllers are the biggest issue but you can now dodge that bullet by trying the game out before you pay.  If you're looking to play with your friends over the network, look elsewhere.  There's no lobby system in the PC version.  It also has stability issues.  The game saves enough that crashing isn't too painful but still....So yeah - if you want to have some fun with a single player fighting game and would rather fight with buxom babes than watch somebody's head get ripped off and the blood drank, this is a good one.  If you've got 3D Vision, it's a really good one!"
,Recommended,311730,15137478,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Crulix,"-Here is the reality of the situation.Graphics are amazing and fps run smooth. There are no Issues with the controls what so ever so far. Been putting in practice with each character and it feels just as good if not better than past titles.-Now to the point of the negative.If you buy the game now, you will end up just practicing until Online arrives, or playing with friends local wise. This is kind of a big deal and is the only reason that should be making you wait, or not be interested in it.(If online mode is now in and your reading this then mark the comment above off the list.)-If you like a fast paced fighter that is easy to learn but hard to master. Then this would be a nice pick up.Also..they still got that really annoying  Hayate's Raijin Throw...Those who played before know that this skill..doesn't need to exist. lol"
76561198097039344,Recommended,311730,15136409,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Fountain Warden,Best 3D FTG around the world!! without one of!!
76561198046731967,Not Recommended,311730,16440382,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Jansza,"The story is stupid, graphics are OK-ish,♥♥♥♥♥♥are jiggly. It is lika a slap in the face for the PC-gaming master race - we get the version with the crappier game engine and less features.Also the DLC is plainly a cashgrab - don't buy unless the only thing you want out of it is to see♥♥♥♥♥♥jiggle.Even after all this time it is still pretty bad, the devs seem to be more interested in selling costumes for obscene amount of money instead of improving the game..."
,Not Recommended,311730,15161282,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,PatrickChan,"This game is fantastic. One of the best fighters available and definitely worth your time. BUT THE CONSOLE VERSION IS FAR SUPERIOR. The pc and console versions cost about the same by now, so unless you only have a pc, JUST GET THE PS4/XBONE VERSION. There are next to no graphics options, just resolution, shadow resolution, antialiasing, and toggling shadow rendering on/off, no mod support, NO ONLINE EVEN AFTER HUGE DELAY, and NO SOFT ENGINE OR EXTRA MAPS.In short, if you like fighters, GET THIS GAME JUST NOT ON PC"
76561197982062881,Recommended,311730,15145802,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Johnny,"Finally this fighting gem made it to PC. Great gameplay and graphics, most importantly it runs on low end PCs."
,Recommended,311730,15135801,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Footos,ProsNothing to ComplaintsConsNo online for 3 months....Pls add keys remapping/binding on Config tool box Thx!
,Recommended,311730,15149158,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Freya Silverlake,"I have see many other's comment. I think price is reasonable. I don't care about achievement and steam trading card. Thus, I just look for good game. I don't know what is steam people looking for?Let's beging my comment about this game. I rarely play Fighting game. I can say this is the good game. The system of fighting is very complex. Newbies have to learn about this. By the way, I can say if you are looking for good fighting game and you don't have PS3, PSV or PS4. Unfortunately, there is no online-matching game. I hope it will be coming in next 2-3 months. However, I recommend to purchase this game in your game library."
,Not Recommended,311730,15172751,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,retroatom,"!RANT MODE ACTIVATED!As you have probably heard, this game doesn't have online, and won't have online mode until sometime June or July, so if that's what you're looking for, don't get this game. The game is ported from the ps3 version, not ps4 version. The game looks outdated as hell, the only thing that isn't from the ps3 version are the shadows, which is equivalent to the ps4 shadows (ERMAHGEHRD SHADEWS... Just... no.) and the fact that it is capable of higher resolutions (4k resolutions.) If you want more in depth about what it's missing, watch totalbuscuit's port report on it.It is also missing cloud saving, steam achievements (for you achievement hunters), and controller vibration. Oh, and once you start playing the game, don't even think about changing your username, or else you may have trouble accessing your saves.WARNING NOT DIRECTLY ABOUT THE GAME BELOWNow that I'm in a full rant, I figure I should bring something else up; Team Ninja has requested that the pc community to play the game in ""good moral and manner"" which I can understand... to some degree. In my interpretation of their full message, they are threatening us to not mod their game in a bad way or else they will not put more on the computer. Well, I'm sorry, I have a problem with that. Sure, it's their IP, they hold the rights to it, but someone also holds the rights to your favorite childhood toy. Did that person have the right to say ""Don't you ever put a single drop of paint on that model, or I'll take it away from you.""? No. Once you (or your parents) purchased that toy for you, it was yours. Yours to do with as you please, and games, in my opinion, should be seen the same way. I understand, that these types of mods are not what Team Ninja want their game to be known for, but it should be seen as a compliment that people want to even take the time with their game to mod it. People wouldn't mod it unless they wanted to spend time on it.As I type this (crazy long) review, there are already nude mods being put out for the game, which I don't believe Team Ninja will like. And, while I do feel bad that Team Ninja may  not produce any more titles for the pc, I feel it is more their loss than ours. It was a weak threat, they haven't really produced many games for pc yet anyways, so it's not like the pc gamers are losing much, more like going back to the way it was before. Also, if Team Ninja can't even produce a decent port for the pc, then I really don't mind them not putting more games on the pc and wasting my time.To finish off my long tangent, I'm disappointed with Team Ninja, that they would threaten the people that are spending money on their game, and not even pull through by producing a port for the pc that's worth it. I cannot recommend this game unless it gets patched (though I doubt it will) so that it can at least be on par with the ps4 version, if not better (also, patch, not ♥♥♥♥ing DLC. That would be ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t grrrRRRRRRRRRRR! (QUICK RUN BEFORE THE RANT COMES BACK!))If you got this far, thank you for reading. Happy gaming."
,Recommended,311730,15136232,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,MorganaR,It fun! I like it.The control is easy enough. I love it.The graphic is awsome! If you look for the fighting that feature female fighter this game is what you looking for.
,Recommended,311730,15141200,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Az,"firstly i need to mention some issue i found in this gameno online play yetmisleading minimum requirement (this game run smooth at 1080p using my 1st gen i5 pc, 4gb ram, gtx 750ti gpu)weird button mapping on my logitech F310 (Can't map RT, LT, must click right analog to show menu)overpriced DLCs (i rather buy other game than buying costumes at that price)overall this game runs smooth with no lag. i do not own next gen console one to compare the graphics, but it already good enough for me."
,Recommended,311730,15149323,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,RIP HL3,"I bought this with my tax return, thanks Obama!"
76561198028148396,Recommended,311730,15135812,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Mocren,"ARE YOU PEOPLE NUTS!! You're complaining about useless achivements, quality that looks terrific, and VIBRATIONS!! The online is understandable but I couldn't give a damn because I run into problems with the online on all fighting games on Steam! Both of Netherrealms fighting games online was trash because there is never anyone to fight! But this is a Dead or Alive review so let's stay on track. So far this is the only 3D side stepping fighting game on steam (at least that I know of) and the controlls feel great and are easy to understand for anyone who can't do fighting games very well. So Koei Tecmo dosn't love PC gamers? It's understandable to feel rejected for not getting the same treatment but it's still a great for when you are tired of all the 2d fighting games. I suggest if you have 2 controllers for pc that you invite all your friends, challenge them and make fun of whoever dosn't want play. Then play in a king of the hill fashion where losers swaps and tries to take down whoever the winner is. Or just swap the controllers over to whoever wants to fight so everyone fights someone they're equal to.  Have a laugh while the whole room makes funny noises when while trying to throw punches and kicks at eachother. I cannot recommend this game enough damn it!!"
,Recommended,311730,15145331,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Kyubox,"Ya know, at the start I was pretty excited for this. It's DOA on the PC, that's awesome! What's not to love?Then it all went to hell with delays and features being dropped and threats made by the developers and so on and so forth. At first I was like ""Wow, screw these guys. I'll just play Arcana Heart 3 again!""Then people started saying ""Why are we paying full price when we're only getting part of the game?""....Wait, what? The game is slightly under $50 and that's an amazing price for a new release! There's no way this is-OH WOW THE GAME IS BEING SOLD FOR LIKE, $90 IN STORES.And that's why I bought it. Because it's cheaper here than anywhere else. I figured the price difference would make up form all the crap in the PC version, ya know?So I've played this for 2 days now and I'm actually loving it.Dude, all those complaints about the game and th devs are probably pretty legit but the second you start playing you don't care about that stuff. Seriously, you don't. You're too busy PUNCHING PEOPLE INTO HELCOPTERS to give a damn about video game ethics.And playing this, I realised all those complaints don't really detract a lot from the game. Did Team Ninja screw up? Hell yeah they did. But did they make a good fighting game? HELL YEAH THEY DID!The only complaint I have was the inability to remap the keys, but now I'm so used to pushing K to punch and M to navigate menus I don't even care anymore.So, you know... you can complain all you want about the devs but the game itself is pretty legit. So I'm recommending it.Honoka is the best."
,Recommended,311730,15148960,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Yamaikazi,"I'm recommending this game to Dead or Alive fans, because we always want more DOA but for everyone else; be careful. This port version of DOA5 feels exactly as it sounds like it might, a pc port of a console game. This isn't worse case scenrio type situation, but if you have ever played DOA on a console you'll see a drastic differences in visuals and game play.Visually this pc port job is bare bones, the physics are choppy, the effects feel damped when instead they should look beefed up. Like most of the gaming site reviews are saying, this looks like the PS3 graphics but with less special effects. Load times for this pc port are great, this game loads faster then you ever will see it run on a console, but that is neither here nor there.Given the fact that this specific fighting game is BUILT upon the visuals of the game, this was a very VERY poor step for Team Ninja to release this pc port in this state. If you don't mind the games seemingly numerous faults that only bother a DOA vet, then by all means spend that 35 dolla on the boobies. You won't be disappointed, but if you know the boobies well enough you've noticed they are not bouncing correctly at all in this over priced, poorly planned, PC port of a great console fighter."
76561198168233796,Not Recommended,311730,15588714,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Killer World,It plays great but it F'd over PC gamers
76561197998262278,Recommended,311730,15131354,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,MrPurrfect,"Bit early to review but so far the game is smooth and yes, there are some thing missing from the PS4 version but after watching the Youtube videos comparing the ps3 versus ps4 its almost unoticeable. I'm hoping they patch in extra things later, on top of online of course"
76561198039740519,Not Recommended,311730,15134926,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,grim,"Worst game ever, its like some poorly ported mess that they rushed out just to make a quick buck. Lacks several key features including online multiplayer and custom graphical setting. Definitely not worth the asking price."
76561198064378020,Recommended,311730,15137432,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Senor CptCrunch,As of right now I've played the game for a good 30 minutes and I love it!
,Recommended,311730,15136689,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Schokolai(쇼콜라이),"I'm still fine without one or two map and boob option :/game is good and I hope they gonna release patch for some minor functions that  not wokring.Yeah, minor functions you don't even have care.except online mode."
76561197965303230,Not Recommended,311730,34542949,Posted: 27 August,all,K@TANA [GER],"This game is the worst.Not cause the mechanics are♥♥♥♥♥♥Nope its cause of theyre dlc stuff you have to buy (not talking about costumes).I started playing DOA on the dreamcast and it was awsome.....I bought it on Xbox 360 both titles 4 and 5.Then they announced it for pc i was like ""wtf giv it to me...."" They promised a working netcode and online modes.....what they did in reality......A♥♥♥♥♥♥TON OF DLC´S...worth of 1200+ € ....still no lobby nothing....no playerbase left.Team ninja ?:)   FU youre the worst of the worst, killed youre francise out of greed and boobies....n1ehm ah ok there was something the games running good on pc, but nobody to play left XD gjDONT BUY IT!"
,Recommended,311730,15203794,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Tallrat,"DOA 5 Last Round on PC is a great game and one you will not be disappointed with if you like fighting games and the DOA series.First thing to remember is that this NOT A PS3 PORT like lot of people are saying it is the ARCADE PORT. a lot of people are saying it's the PS3 port because Team Ninja said that the Effects are EQUIVALENT to the PS3 that does not mean that they are the PS3 effects.The good/GreatGraphics are top notch and look just like the next gen. 10/10Gameplay: To me this version of DOA 5 LR feels more balanced then the Next Gen console version.I have the Xbox one version and have found myself playing the PC version more.Sound: I use gaming headphones so it me the sound is great. 10/10A lot of the Negative reviews come from people saying that the game is missing all the next gen stuff like the Soft Eng, effects,  online play with in 3 months and 2 stages.1. Soft Eng:Is the soft eng really needed? Whizzard post a link to PC VS PS4 graphics comparison so take a look and see.http://screenshotcomparison.com/comparison/119259/picture:02. 2 stages:When it comes to this one if you play the game using the random stage select you will never miss the two stages.On  a side note this port of the game is the arcade version and both of those things are not in the arcade version.3. Effects.Ok this one I can see I would love to see the effects ported over but it's not a big loss not having the PS4/Xbone  effects.4. Online wit in 3 months:This one does not bug me I can wait to get my butt kick for three months.All-in-all this is one great arcade port  and very stable on PC, it runs great plays fast and it's a lot of fun even without the online right now.IF you are still unsure,  look up more comparison video's are watch  live game play on Twitch or Steam to see for yourself."
76561198042703586,Not Recommended,311730,15194650,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,BeefPudding,"a ps3 port, not even a ps4 port. jesus christ the PC isnt even worth a ps4 port apparently. come on team ninja."
76561198279382970,Not Recommended,311730,24161153,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Shiden,"Dead or alive es mi juego favorito desde sus inicios, e visto como poco a poco el juego a caido en el llamado pay for fun al vender algo que a varios de los seguidores de este juego nos gusta, la gran variedad de trajes, todos dicen no importa es un complemento mas del juego por lo que no es necesario que lo tengas y hasta cierto punto estoy deacuerdo, pero llega un punto en el que quisieras ver a tu personaje favorito con algo mas.....Checando los precios de los DLC e visto que el total de todos los DLC llega a $6,547.78 es absurdo,  soy fanatico pero no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ como para gastar una cantidad tan alta mejor le pongo otros $2,000 mas y me compro una cosola.Este es mi punto de vista, si quieren pasar el rato jugando comprenlo pero hasta ahi, y si tienen el suficiente capital para comprarlo adelante sirve que me compran los traje a mi tambien. :D"
,Recommended,311730,15143857,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Reppuu Farmskins.com,"Game is not that bad, if it was your first time playing DoA franchise. If you love cat fights, then this is the game."
,Recommended,311730,15145207,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,outside998,"Dead Or Alive 5 Last Round for PC is a great, fun game.I own the original DOA5. Last Round plays exactly like it, no changes in controls, no weird move changes, everything you know and love from the original is in here.Online is not available at the moment (31.03.2015) but it will be patched in. No problem for me, I rarely play games online. The visuals are great. Nothing breathtakingly different, just like good old DOA5. Those weird ""visual features"" used in the XBone and PS4 are not something I miss. In fact, the game looks totally fine.And the game is amazing fun, and after all, that's what a game should achieve: Be fun to play.Oh, and also, big bouncy juicy boobies."
76561198044930847,Recommended,311730,15135757,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,buddy1994,Haven't encountered any problems yet. Plays good. Love the graphics on it.Keep up the good work Team NINJA
76561198178285317,Recommended,311730,25846532,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,TheVHM 108,This game is so amazing with a lot of great characters
,Recommended,311730,15139491,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Alphacranberries,"Pros:-Great gameplay and combat-Looks great-Functional controller support-Tons of costumes and charactersCons:-Missing Stages-Downgrade from console version-Horrendous non-mapable keyboard controls-No online mode at launch-Issues with profile namesSo, there is a laundry list of issues with this game. All in all, it's a really half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port for the PC. The console version is more complete and right now, probably better. Despite this, though, the game is still tremendously fun. The local multiplayer works perfectly, the story mode is fun, the frame rate is beautiful and it's a worth playing. If you have the luxury of getting it for a console, do that. If you do not, then this game is still worth picking up on Steam."
,Not Recommended,311730,15268192,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,WobblyTableLeg,"Buy it on sale.Gameplay is fun, characters and stages are good, but the seemingly arbitrary lack of mechanics (lighting/Soft/Camera movement), outfits, stages begs to question the current pricing. Furthermore it seems like KOEI doesn't actually want money, considering the near retardation pricing of DLC bundles instead of indvidual packs, and their apparent hostility to modding."
76561198090922978,Not Recommended,311730,19683445,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Taka™,"You betrayed us. ♥♥♥♥ you Koei dont even do this on other games like this one again. If you still do it ,U gonna have a bad time ."
,Recommended,311730,22756732,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Simon.C,"sexy female lady, the best graphic require compare to SF4/5 , KOF , drogan ball , etcHowever , the download content was 30 times much expensive than the standard game6.4K HKD for DLC , the koei seem to be the most expensive game than train simiulator !?!buy it from 50 USD, but now is FREEEEEEEEE"
,Not Recommended,311730,26026271,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,The Deuce,"How about go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves, Tecmo?"
,Not Recommended,311730,15135233,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Uzumaki Naruto,"no support on keyborad = i don't careno achievement = i don't careno tranding card = i don't catebut...i want to steam cloud and fix bug gamei play story zack finish 1 round  ... bug stopworking auto  close gamewtf ??? are you serious ?? you kidding me ??? wtf ,,,, nope ! nope ! nope !i hope you fix game & upgrade"
76561198127726291,Recommended,311730,15134724,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Brand Newb,"Game in my opinion still looks good and plays good, my only problem with it is that there is no multiplayer on release, the game to my knowledge and google's knowledge can not be made full screen (if it can please tell me how) and the DLC is a bit lack luster otherwise it's an ok port. I reccomend getting it after maybe a month or two so that hopefully everything is patched and working properly. It also has no swords in it so i Trip Fisk fully approve of it...ALTHOUGH it doesn't teach kids about the dangers of swords and how they can easily cut through a Volkswagon, so it loses points for that,well thats my review on this non sword related game, I'm trip Fisk, and remember DON""T ♥♥♥♥ING TOUCH SWORDS!!!"
,Recommended,311730,15134742,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,tako_gangster,In terms of recommending this game I want to but  I know realistically it is not worth it for now (no online mutiplayer).. The graphics honestly look better on my PC than I've seen on PS4.. I don't see much of a difference though..  My pc monitor might be what makes iit look better :/.. Anyways I think the game is really great.. I bought it on January amd for me it was worth every dollar however I am still upset because of the 2 stages being absent.. I'm here still hoping they bring it to PC..Now to put in a better matter.. This is a really good fighting game especially if you do mainly local multiplayer.. I like to play fighting games by myself anyway so I really do enjoy this a lot.. theres a lot to do in the game even as a single player.. If you hate parry systems and really bad grabbing mechanics.. I don't think this game is for you..
,Recommended,311730,19275889,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Zerenade,Such a nice game with the Xbox PC controller! ;)
,Recommended,311730,17072615,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,[NCP] blood_guts,It's pretty fun. each character plays a little different and it's a good fighting game. a little different from some others so that makes it unique. The story is also decent for a fighting game. oh and I guess boobs are nice too.
76561198038605832,Recommended,311730,16956340,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Tiger,"Very very good fighting game, Sadly missing a few features but they are soon to be there. I think the game was released just a tad too soon on the PC and I hope that people wont turn thier back on DOA5 Last Round because of that,The reasons why DOA is (in my opinion) the best fighting game;-Beautiful graphics-Good looking characters with diffrent fighting styles-Online Rankings-The combat mechanics at high level gameplay is based on counters unlike regular fighting games where you just have     to ""combo"" your enemy without leaving him a chance to fight back,The reasons you might not like this game (without stating missing features);-Cheap storyline and kind of repetitive since its pretty much the same for all DOAs-There is no local multiplayer.-No key settings for keyboard which is very unpleasant.-Not many screen resolutions available."
76561197996888258,Not Recommended,311730,18226714,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Sushiheaven,"If you're looking for girls with boobs(or guys with balls, well, probably except Gen Fu), you got it.If you're looking for a decent, fun-to-play fighting game, no, it's not it.I expected more of Virtua Fighter, but no.Instead, I got a 6 Gigabyte of massive garbage that obviously does not worth $40.One good thing about this game though:This game, Dead or Alive 5 Last Round, is so bad that I spent only 70 minutes of my life.Considering I spent 35 hours on Toukiden: Kiwami(which was also a garbage,) it's actually nice.Because I can get a guaranteed refund for playing less than 2 hours.Peace on you, and♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game."
76561198005215545,Not Recommended,311730,29560542,Posted: 29 January,all,Pancho,I bought the Game and now its for Free? Good joke dear Dev`s. And DLC for over 1000 Bucks? I don`t know wether to laugh or cry... Nobody with a good working Brain will buy your overpriced DLC`s. At least i won`t.
76561198352316445,Recommended,311730,29802119,Posted: 9 February,all,CHICKEN ATTACK,"smooth performance, good combo, high graphic. thumb up for this game."
76561198006814684,Recommended,311730,15164364,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,NightWolfy,"Game runs just fine, Iiked the game on consoles, So I just had to buy it here.The game runs smoothely and I can't wait for the online experiance.I just hope The Dlc goes down in price, Noone can afford that for some outfits.And perhaps add a few steam achievements. That'd be swell."
76561198105976058,Not Recommended,311730,15173699,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,FanEcchiService,"""We have to deal with mod issues from an IP holder perspective,"" Shimbori told MCV. ""We would like to ask PC users to play our game in good moral and manner. Otherwise, we won't be able to release a title for PC again.""If this is the kind of release we'll alwayse have you can go ♥♥♥♥yourself Tecno/Team ninja.Instead of saying♥♥♥♥♥♥think to fix this game!REMEMBER:Our money are as good as those of others, and we want the ""same game"" as the others !!!Pro:-60 FPS-Fun Gameplay-Decent pallet of Characters-DOA on pcCons:-No Soft Engine-No extra stages-Grotesquely expensive DLC (111€ for both, are you serious?!?!)-Mod restrictions (because you want to sell DLC  and hey,i understand...but for the love of god,wtf is wrong with the price?)-Not all controllers are compatible-No internet-No Online-No love for the fans (and that is the worse thing)"
,Recommended,311730,16485611,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,AlenaAkashiya,"This Review should be based into 2 categories of people.1>The never before players of DOA5 or casual players2> Long time fans_________________________________________________________1. This pc port is not the ps4 version, and this does not include a majority of costumes/dlc, 2 extra stages, LR Physics, particle effects, destructable clothing. In simple terms. Incomplete port thats just the ps3/arcade version.As a fighting game, its solid, fast, and intense with a large selection of unique characters with their own styles and gameplay mechanics. So if this does not bother you that you are not getting the full experience, and you dont ever plan on getting a ps4/xone, then you will still enjoy this game.2. Buy it on ps4 or xone. Dont bother with the pc port since its inferior in every way, both graphically and in features. As someone who bought dead or alive 5 on ps3, dead or alive 5 ultimate/ last round on ps3 and dead or alive 5 last round on ps4, and have been a long time fan of DOA, you will feel cheated out of the pc port and theres no lobby. Avoid at all costs, buy a console instead."
76561198022472101,Not Recommended,311730,15137154,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,sTone,"well, it same my PSV vision, nothing for change."
76561197973389596,Recommended,311730,16763842,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Fuinelen,"All criticism for the not-working online mode aside, DOA5 is a solid fighting game, with a surprisingly good story for the genre bringing closure to some story arcs from previous installments. It is also a fun local multiplayer game(which steam forgot apparently, as it says ""SIngle-Player"" here). If you liked any previous DoA games and are in need of a good fighting game or your yearly Kasumi Vs Ayane then grab it."
,Recommended,311730,30167210,Posted: 25 February,all,-Sn0w-,great free-to-fap game nice boobz everywhare :D
76561198280197381,Not Recommended,311730,26126846,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Brobama,"This game won't let me switch to fullscreen. That's 5/10 right there. No multiplayer. Down to 3/10. Expensive characters/costumes. We're at 1/10. I have the full version with some dlc on console btw. Works great on console, but I haven''t seen a port this botched since Arkham Knight tbh."
,Recommended,311730,29185532,Posted: 11 January,all,Dujiansia,Like how the dlc are over priced
,Recommended,311730,18301916,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,linuxreuben,"This game is pretty awesome.It's still DOA, the best 3D fighting game series of all time and it has ninja (ninjas are the best). Also the game studio (Team NInja) and publishers (Tecmo Koei) make some of my favorite, funnest play games of all time.The characters are great, the gameplay is superb, the game looks great, and runs well.Did I mention the ninjas, the costumes, the physics, and fanservice?There are missing features, missing content, there are bugs, dlc is expensive, and online multiplayer isn't in the best state, even right now.With this being said, I would recommend that people with a PS4 (good choice) or an xbone (really?) get the console version.If you don't, get the steam version. Just let go of your frustrations and play the game.If you really need to play against online opponents and the console specifc features, get the console verision.Now if Tecmo make the game up to par with the console version, this would be the best version. Porting to PC is not the easiest thing to do, so I happy this game came to PC. Still waiting for more Ninja Gaiden titles to come to PC."
76561198107385672,Recommended,311730,18521273,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,This game is a bit like playing with physical figurines. Not really bothering of their flaws but just a similar kind of fun that kids get when they play with toys. The gameplay may not satisfy 2d fighting system lovers as Mortal Kombat 3d moves ability and system didn't necessarily seduce the entire totality of already confirmed VS fighting gamers before the 3D came with different systems of moves such as Tekken or Virtua Figthers also. I personally enjoy to play it just for fun and for the look but may not recommand it to people who really look for really the best interesting fighting games.
,Recommended,311730,18337734,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Keira Lunar,ok so im a HUGE fan of the DOA fighting series and here comes DOA 5 LR  for PC thats a rare sight since the rest of DOA is on consals and handhelds unless emulated which i did so i could play the arcade version of the first onewhile the story is kinda messy the core gameplay is far better as it seems a lot of balancing has gone through the charcter roster this also includes what i spamed alot as hayabusa  in DOA Dimensions on the 3DS a long ranged atack called the Torn Sky Blast  and did massive HP  so yeah i have to focus on acturly getting into the Melee fighting againthe sound track is nice a decent number with remixes and some classics making the line up so there is plently to listen to while brawlingthe character Roster is a nice big one to plently of diffrnet fighting styles to play with some may think they are seing some clone attacks perticualry with Phase 4 who everbody thinks she is a Kasumi clone NEWS FLASH SHE IS  but its cause well Spoilers to DOA 4 and DOA Dimensions for that play one of the older games to know why there is a Kasumi clone in the rostera new fighting mechanic has also been added  sorta lke the Ultra combo's in super Street fighter 4  after half your life bar is depleted  you can strike back with a rush attack thankfully as a massive plus these rush comback attacks are VERY EASY to pull off making the stress of panicing to mashing in a combo just to pull off a move not as stressfuland at last ONLINE IS NOW AVALIBLE and im happy to say it works really well i don't know if i have battled someone outside of my country yet but as i know for now the lag is almost not there  it has also made the game a lot more better .....howevertime to get to the down points  the grphics still don't have much in the name of configurering so water stages or lots of things happening on screen will slow my game down but suprisingly this did not hurt the online part which greatly suprised meand the controls are still mixed up since this is impossible to play correctly when online i resorted to flicking the swtich on my game pad turning off its steam mode and putting back to old windows game style now it works except X is ok and A is Back  talka bout confusingbut with one issue gone its looking alot better so my final score for its current condition is8/10oh and if you must know what i think about the DLC its just costumes  extreamly over priced costumes im sorry but i got better things to save up for than some extra skimpy outfits and besides the current lineup of outfits is fairly decent if you ask me
76561198036567375,Recommended,311730,18459847,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,magnus0073,"This is a great game despite the overpriced dlc they have. I know most of the dlc should've been included, but I've forced myself to cough up the cash for most of it."
,Recommended,311730,16493381,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,wise009,"As a new comer to DOA I am really enjoying this game, I have bought a range of different fighting games through steam but this one will get the most of my time.Good points - largest player rosta, 34 characters to choose from with a large range of different fighting styles like Jeet Kune Do, wrestling, mma, drunken master etc. etc. I really like this where as most other games don't have the range of difference in fighting stlyes. The fighting for me is the closest thing to Tekken out of the PC games available and this is what I grew up playing. Story mode takes you through a twisting story where you get to try out all the different characters a great way of introducing you to the game and finding the characters you like. For local games you can play 1on1 or tag which allows for a bit more variation and some unstoppable combos when swapping through your characters.Not so good point - The graphics and selection of settings aren't as good as they could be but that's what happens with a console port I don't think the appearance is enough reason not to buy the game but if you had been waiting a long time for a higly polished game then you wil be dissapointed.I bought this in the steam sale so the price was reasonable and my only expectations where from watching the trailer on steam so from that I am very happy with this game.The graphics may have been better if they hadn't put a huge team of developers concentrating on boob physics and overpriced DLC costumes, most girlfriends won't approve of this game!"
,Recommended,311730,16431719,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,RLA | Jiegonator,"WTF is everybody else's problem?!? It's mother effin DOA. With all the physics. On Steam.It's not buggy, It runs on our rigs, but it doesn't have the minor stuff you see on other systems. Get over it. Lack of Soft Engine? Big deal. Missing 2 stages? I can't believe how much people cry, snivel and sh!z all over their pants just for that crap.Now that we know I'm out of the bandwagon.CONS- no controller customization. Now WTF?!???a fighting game without keybinding config? (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻- overpriced DLCs.- Stupid authoritarian developers/publishers saying ""keep the MODs 'moral'""Hey developers/publishers:……..…../´¯/)……….....    (\¯`\…………/….//……….. …\\….\………../….//………… ….\\….\…../´¯/…./´¯\………../¯ `\….\¯`\.././…/…./…./.|_……_| .\….\….\…\.\..(.(….(….(…./.)..)..(..(. \….)….)….).).\…………….\/…/….\. ..\/……………./..\…………….. /……..\……………..…/….\…………..(………. ..)……………./PROS+ ""Physics""+ It's DOA.10/10 would shoot the bandwagon and developers again."
,Recommended,311730,16572124,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Trezero,"If you are not familiar with DOA then let me break it down for you. On the fighter side of things, DOA is an arcade styled button smash fighter with chaining combos, blocks, combo breakers, etc as commonly found in this genre. The idea to be good and have fun at it is based on the user. On the other side of fighting, DOA throws strong sex appeal out there, which I enjoy as opposed to looking at Goro's 4 armpits. On the rewarding side of things, DOA rewards you for accomplishments with outfits... some skimpier and some fetished. All good with me. The only people that play DOA are the people that enjoy these things.If you like DOA games, you'll like this one. If you like fighting games and great big breastesies, you'll like this one. I enjoyed it. I like the arcade styled game play of DOA, always have. If you like fighting games and eye candy then this is the game for you. However compared to other DOA games... falls short.Gameplay - 8Fighting - 9Graphics - 7Controls - 2Story - 3Features - 0<Gameplay is as you can expect from fighter games, all relatively the same and its good.The fighting, the style, combos, etc. are DOA par which is epic.Graphics, I was expecting a bit more. I mean its eye appealing, but DOA always has been so nothing special here.Controls are gonna but hurt some. At this moment the controller support is bugged for some. Google it.The story was confusing, I could have gone without it. Plot hole much? But if your gonna put it in the game, atleast make it flow.There are no new features and some features we've expected aren't there. No photo sessions at this time. No free roam camera.Overall I give this game a 6.5/10 on the basis of it being a common fighting game with appealing characters. However as the fighting game pool on PC is a bit slim, this game is my favorite. On a bell curve of the rest of the fighter pool this game would be the 10.But to hell with that expensive DLC with out a photo booth."
,Recommended,311730,16513470,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Eaten,iam very stoked and happy to see dead or alive on PCapart from the whining and moaning about the DLC prices which im not fussed withthe game runs perfectly fine on my rig haven't ran into any problems in terms of crashing and bugseven on release i had no problems with itif you're a fan of the DOA series or fighting games in general i recommend this its a solid game
,Recommended,311730,16185254,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Tanya Degurechaff,"Now I recommend this game because in my opinion, the pro's out-weigh the cons for me, also I come from console experience, I played Dead or Alive on Xbox, and Xbox 360, but I no longer buy games for those systems, and have yet to buy a Xbox ONE, so in essence, I will only buy games for PC.So in the end, and the TL:DR version:I loved this game on console, I won't buy consoles, or games for consoles.Now the thing I hate is the OUTRAGEOUS DLC COST... And the impossible request from the Dev Team... ""Please don't mod our game..."" is like telling a smoker with a cigarette in his mouth not to light that cig... You just can not expect pc users NOT to mod certain games, it's just inevitable, and a down right impossible request.Now the game runs smoothly for me, even with mods, a normal wired Microsoft Xbox 360 controller works great, also my Xbox ONE controller works just fine as well with the micro-USB cable, now I've seen around the internets that there are some issues with it but I've had none so far, I was even able to use BOTH controllers connected at the same time, THOUGH it detected the Xbox 360 controller as the 1st Player, no matter what, even if I plugged the Xbox ONE controller first or second, not a big deal though.Other than that, I love the game, with mods, it's easily expandable it gives the game some longevity, 7/10"
76561198172347699,Recommended,311730,29436898,Posted: 22 January,all,♡밀유우♡,"This game is so fun, if you are ever wanting to play this ""It's for free"" plus it has lot's of characters you can also play with friends, and etc... :D"
76561198021356769,Not Recommended,311730,32038421,Posted: 29 May,all,wikidpsycokilla,"TIME FOR ANOTHER DRUNK BUT HONEST REVIEW!!!!From my gaming beginning of feeding quarters into machines at the local arcade in the mall, through original xbox to 360 to superpowered mega pc, i have loved pretty much everything from team ninja and their parents koei tecmo. All the ninja gaidens, doa's, and even doax beach volloeyball have been great. So i was pretty exited to see a doa on my preferred platform of pc. I made the purchase, I massacred the computer being a doa veteran, then i tried multiplayer. Then i searched google to find out if its crap for everybody or just me. And i found a terrible truth. They only care about consoles. They gave us a bare bones last-gen port even though any middle to high end pc outstrips a ps4/xbone by miles. New consoles get better resolution, dynamic costume damage, but the more powerfull pc gets squat. Yeah, i saw some bad reviews, but i had faith, i loved doa, but love is blind. Its quite obvious that this steam release is just a cash grab, just look at the multitudes of rediculously priced costume dlc. And all from a company that has been hesitant to release on pc because its afraid of what deplorable things the modding community will do and the hit it will take to its public image as a result. Lets ignore that its a Japanese company, and Japanese culture has already given us busty ninja women being hammered by spiked demon private members and forced tentacle copulation not only in animation but live-action as well(search ""la blue girl"") they have their public image to think of(lol). Never mind that they have burned a whole generation of people that grew with them and made them who they are, its not like theose people who now play primarily on pc because they let their children play the consoles have any control over what games get purchased in their houehold. Oh, wait, what?"
,Recommended,311730,19936282,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,RockyMadio,I enjoy it
76561198106474543,Recommended,311730,19707209,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ttana,Great game!Yes there are some issues with it but I believe they are minor.This is a fun fighting game with hours of entertainment to offer.
76561198003299131,Not Recommended,311730,27259311,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,chuchuTrain,Nominated this game for Biggest Loser!no update = biggest loser.soft engine update = WOW factor!
,Recommended,311730,31031547,Posted: 8 April,all,AlphaQ117 | CSGORoll.com,"if you like fanservice and hard hits, YOU NEED TO BUY THIS!!!!"
,Recommended,311730,16758163,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,adpt Nwagerhr.o7- ಌ,Fast/short story mode. Couple hours. Interesting story though.Good graphics. Runs well. Using a controller is beneficial.Repetitive fighting.Decent amount of characters to choose from. Lots of different costumes for each of them.
,Recommended,311730,16769524,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Dragvon,"About the game itself:• If you're new to fighting games, DOA uses a really simple method: Punch, Kick, Guard & Throw. Just mash everything and be happy. If you're a bit more advanced, combos and hard stuff uses a bunch of directionals. Gameplay is really fun and refreshing if you're used to classic 6-keys.• Story mode is a mess. Seriously, I had no idea of wtf was happening with so many scene changes here and there. Don't expect anything interesting.• Fan-service. Love it or hate it. (That camera mode is so awesome tho hahaha)• Lot's of difficulties. Don't worry about sucking.About the port:• No offline mode as of this time. Blergh• Some people relate issues, I don't experience any gamebreaking stuff.• Keyboard controls are fine and can be rebound (restricted to the native keys tho:https://youtu.be/lVPvM_8X8O4)tl;dr : Fun and sexy as hell!! Go punch some faces and kick some♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,311730,22094443,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Salvo1,"I can recommend this game, but just BARELY, as it's the only way to get DOA on PC, and if we don't buy it, they probably won't release any more.The DLC I don't recommend as much, as it's overpriced, even on sale, but the actual game itself is worth getting when it's on sale for $20 (50% off) or so.If it's on sale, I'd say the base game (only, not the DLC) is worth a buy, but at the regular $40 price?  Not so much.  If you want them to improve the PC port, I'd say just get it, and then complain to Tecmo, but do get it if you want to see more of these types of games on PC."
76561198031428070,Not Recommended,311730,29830432,Posted: 10 February,all,Reis,Doesnt working on i7 270x...Waste of time...
,Recommended,311730,21126973,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,alterVISI,"If you're a huge DOA fan like myself, it's worth picking up. The online scene is mostly dead and it's not the best port ever. I still love it and I've played every game since DOA2, fun fighting that is mostly balanced and satisfying. Story is stupid.Get it on sale."
76561197990466238,Recommended,311730,22157255,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Urgat,"Ok, first, my background:I'm a PC player, I don't own one of the latest consoles. I used to have an X-Box, and I had DoA3 and DoA2 Ultimate back then. Haven't had the occasion to play any other of the DoA games since then, so there won't be any comparison between this version and another one.First of all, pay attention to what controlers you have plugged to your PC, I had my old Sidewinder on, it prevented me from getting past the autosave notice screen.My PC isn't state of the art, and I'm playing with old Logitech Dual Action gamepads, on Windows 10.It looks just dandy on my PC, it runs perfectly, I can put AA alright. It plays just how I remember it from the old Xbox games (excepted I've clearly lost my touch, man, I can hardly counter anything for now).I play with japanese voices and french subtitles, because usually dubbings are garbage (DoA5 defaulted on English voices for me and, apparently, the comment on dubbs is true whatever the language :p). Apparently, a part of the cast comes from Virtua Fighter 5. Some of those seem to retain an English voice, and the sound quality is different (lower). It's a detail, a bit annoying, but nothing major.There's a few players online. Latency is equal to your and your opponent's connection, nothing more, nothing less. I've have an opponent where it was like playing  on the same computer and he was sitting next to me (zero lag or anything), and one where it played like in slow-motion, rather than usual cut-and-go lag thing. I don't know if it's a feature or not, it's not great, but at least it's playable, unlike how it usually goes.I heard you can't choose who you fight againstn which sounds like a bummer for those who have friends with the game too, who want to play online.Pros:- it runs great on my computer, I've had no glitch so far either.- it looks pretty good still, of course you won't get all amazeballs on it, but the DOA series has its visual style that's unlikely to evolve much no matter what tech evolutions we're going to get through (excepted the monkey, what a lazy modeling job, seriously :p). More polys, better flowing hair, stuff like that, yeah. More realistic faces or whatnot? You're never going to get that with DOA.- It's on PC, I mean, we don't have much choices when it comes to Beat them up on PC, unless you want to sell a kidney to get the latest Street Fighter.- it's a DoA game - if you've ever played a DoA game and enjoyed the experience, you won't feel lost, it's more of the same, everything is the same, just updated, with a bit more of everything (34 characters or something? it seems they've added characters from other games, like some kind of cross-over game).For the cons:- there's the english voices forced on the VF5 characters whatever language you pick- the DLC, seriously, the price? Good thing, there's only one I'd consider buying, a new character (a Samurai Warrior one, apparently). The rest is just clothes, so they're of no importance.- online play has no dedicated server, so connection is only as good as the worst of either players' connection.- apparently can't pick who you fight against online.- the story is pants... naaaah, seriously, who cares? :p- It's a DoA game - if you didn't like the previous ones for any reason, you won't like this one either.Conclusion:So, if you ignore all the weird people who will buy this version just to compare it to their superduper console version which was bound to be superior anyway (we're not talking about an upgrade frrom an old console game like Valkyria Chronicles, we're talking about a port from a very recent game on last generation consoles. What do you expect, seriously?), if you have no access to a console, if you played a DoA game before and enjoyed it, you're going to like it. If you're curious, give it a go, it's a pretty damn good Beat them up. It's pretty, it runs great, and it's fun."
,Recommended,311730,15517208,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,(RADIO): Need baka.,"After playing the PC port for quite some time I will try my best to give the most unbiased review possible.Despite the controversy over the DOA5LR Port, Team NINJA/Tecmo KOEI have finally dropped the long awaited fighter of their niche title. Quite a number of fighter players and DOA veterans such as myself have been anticipating the this game to come out for PC for quite some time, so does it live up to the ""hype""?First of all, let's start with the most important part of a fighting game, the gameplay. Does this game prove hard to play? ( massive FPS drops, game breaking glitches, etc ) I have a rather high end rig and seem to be having no issues, my specs include an Intel Core i7 4790K, GTX 970, 16 GB RAM, Game running on an SSD and I have had no problems with any of the stages regarding frame drops or strange floor glitches ( I believe it has been patched out, when the game launched I experienced some strange FPS drops on the Lorelei stage but since the patch it doesnt seem to exist ). The game even with a rig like mine seems to have some strange FPS drops sometimes in the Character Select screen, maybe because it is awkwardly locked at 30 FPS when the PS4/X1 version runs at 60 FPS, but yes in regards to gameplay the game is pretty solid given that your rig is somewhat beefy. ( Game is still pretty badly optimized in the long run unfortunately )Now let's talk about the graphics and how the game looks overall versus the PS4/X1 editions, if you have a pretty beefy rig like mine then you can get this game looking quite a bit more amazing than the current gen consoles ( a little disappointing since it should either surpass or be equal to the console versions ) if you ""upscale"" the game to 4K, I use Nvidia's DSR to supersample it down to 1440P and the game has almost no jaggies for the most part. Antialiasing on the PC version is obviously far more superior than the PS4/X1 ports when you take a close look at the character models but again in regards to the characters it is pretty disappointing how my PS4 version just with the way the ""Soft Engine"" works and affects the way skin shines and appears, it is a very nice touch that I am very disappointed that whoever in charge of this port ( not sure if this was Team NINJA's choice or their boss Tecmo KOEI's choice, but either way they should be ashamed of this decision ) decided to leave this out.The PC version is also left inferior with the fact that the only time the game runs at 60 FPS is during actual fighting, but everything else is locked to 30 FPS, making everything else not look as smooth which is a HUGEEE disappointment as well when most of our rigs are more than capable enough at getting the 60 FPS the consoles also get.The lack of being able to purchase DLC the same way as the console counterparts is also very stupid, not everybody wants to purchase a whole entire $50+ pack of DLC, most people would rather just get a few costumes or themes that they prefer or for characters they like, I have no problem with DLC as the content is all optional and it helps the developers get more funds and hopefully encourage further and much more improved games but at least be smart about the way you advertise your DLC.On the plus sides, as a huge DOA fan this title is still worth it in my opinion just because this is the first official time Dead Or Alive finally comes to PC and the mods that have come out this almost whole month have been quite good and they will only get far better over time as resources become far more available and people start to become more eduated about them.THE FINAL VERDICT : Do I reommend this game? That depends, for huge DOA fans and those interested in mods I highly recommend this game. People looking at this game who are probably not too educated about Dead Or Alive or are in general just people that somehow know about this game maybe from a friend or an internet article and got curious, I do not recommend this game for you, however since Dead Or Alive is such a niche title I am going to put ""I recommend this game"", just heed my warning for those of you who do not know about this game, if you are not interested in mods or just want to try the game out get it for Xbox One or PS4, you will have a better experience there.It sucks because I really want this game to succeed and I would like to see more come to PC especially but I believe bad business practices must have some sort of consequence."
76561198060204748,Not Recommended,311730,29843460,Posted: 11 February,all,"Maximilian ""MF"" Fleisher",The audacity is too much for me. Bought the full game for all the characters. Two characters still locked (that's fine) and then $60+ for costumes. How can they think it's worth that much? Sure it's completely optional but it's beyond ridiculous. It's sad as the gameplay is great but it feels like a cell phone game trying to get $100+ out of you for a game that I wouldn't put $60 into. Just can't believe it. I kinda hope this ends the series.
76561198002465515,Not Recommended,311730,25849477,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Redblaze27,"Update:Its nearing the end of 2016 and there is no sign of lobbies, and they have released a free-to-play model so your friends cant play with you online because there are no lobbies.I no longer recommend this port to anyone except those wanting the full game for purely offline pay.The original review I wrote will remain for transparency, to show I once recommended this.--------------------------------------------------Since Dead or Alive 5 hit the seventh generation game consoles, I have been very vocal and eager about the prospect of a PC version of the game. It took several years from Team Ninja to respond but I can say I am glad they finally did.Dead or Alive 5 Last Round is the third and final editon of the excellent Dead or Alive 5. Bringing the roster up to 35 playable characters with some extra alternate costumes and unlockable Dead or Alive 1 music for good measure.  On Playstation 4 and Xbox One, it also sports two additional stages and a different graphical engine which are not included here for reasons unclear. The latter missing feature however I doubt most will really noitice. On the PC side of things, the title offers a good amount of graphic options and while my PC is barely in the recommended specifications, it feels like my PC was hardly put under any stress while it was running, like the recommended specifications should be lower than they are on the storepage.Here is a graphics comarison:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LcYNItNuakThe Dead or Alive series is a 3-D fighting game series revovling around punches, kicks, throws and counters while using the enviroment to your advantage, and Dead or Alive 5 is no exception. It does however add more stage interactivity over previous entries in the series along with the new 'Power Blow' and 'Power Launcher' desperation attack types. Last Round does not add anything new to the game mechanics but does offer a character roster rebaance in an attempt to make the game more balanced competitively. The PC version however feels exceptionally responsive when using a wired Xbox 360 controller, moreso than Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate on Playstation 3 did for me.Mode-wise we have the same unchanged story mode from the original Dead or Aive 5, which is interesting but I never really felt inclinded to replay it since the original DOA5 release, despite the level side missions. A versus section including versus mode, arcade mode, time attack, survival mode, and team battle (most of which suport single fighter and tag-team fights. The training mode section offers tutorials, command-list training, and combo training on top of your standard training mode. The is a extra's section where you can rewatch replay and cutscenes along with some other stuff. Lastly there are music and options menus which let you modify the game to better suit your liking, with music letting you play around with what music you hear in the game and when.The elephant in the room here is online play: Its not available yet. I'll update this review when its available but so far the game runs as well as I could have hoped for it to run. The only thing really bothering me that is missing is steam cloud support so I don't ever have to re-unlock content in the fututre in the event something unforseen happens.Lastly, is this port for you? It depends if you can put up with some missing content and wait for online play. The majority of the games flaws can easily be patched away, so my con list may shrink in the future,Pros:- Good variety of graphic settings- Runs smoother than the recommended specs suggest- Controls are very responsive- Selectable Dead or Alive 1 OST trakcs added- More costumes added to the base game than in the previous iterationCons:- Keyboard controls are not rebindable- Two stages missing from Playstation 4/Xbox One versions- Absurdly overpriced DLC costumes- No Steam Cloud Support- No Achievements- Album Mode in the Extra's menu is a liehttp://steamcommunity.com//sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=416735845"
76561198105064945,Recommended,311730,29591776,Posted: 30 January,all,ERIN,cool game but the online sucks
76561198160455091,Recommended,311730,29535861,Posted: 27 January,all,horizonnine,"Fav fighting game of all time but the pc port is not as good as the ps4 missing stages, lobbies and other things. Still nice to be able to play it on my pc."
,Recommended,311730,25933010,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,EskimoWolf,If you have enjoyed playing DOA in the past you won't have any complaints.
,Recommended,311730,19321655,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,HOW DO I PLAY,Gimme da poosy boss
,Recommended,311730,18274992,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Stomach8,Great Boobs.Great Fighting.Great Input Keyboard(wtf).totally 7/10that 3/10 was an expensive DLC...
76561198133408242,Recommended,311730,16552288,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,逃げるだよ,awesome game
76561198067859824,Recommended,311730,17166606,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ClassicalKate,"It's important for anyone looking to buy this game to know that online fighting is still in beta (which means, basically, nobody is on it now/it doesn't work) so a massive chunk of it is still missing. However, i've played every DOA ever made and i'm happy to say this one does the series justice."
76561197991151753,Recommended,311730,15160128,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Anwech,"DLC is a bit expensive but the game is great. Graphics are superb and runs at a steady 60fps on my gtx 770. Fighting dynamics are world class and, most importantly, bewbs :)"
,Recommended,311730,15150079,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,PF,"It's a stable port, no input lag, first 3d fighter on the PC. So yeah, it's Aight, plus they're gonna patch and fix things anyway. Remember, don't drink the Haterade."
76561198114825571,Recommended,311730,15150158,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,SPAWN,I dislike the fewer DLC. There is more DLC on PS3 than the PC version.
,Recommended,311730,15151800,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,iJaySan,boobs and more bewbs...
,Recommended,311730,15180053,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Clocked,"so much, butthurt reviewswell liek i care much9/11 would play when no internet or somethingjk"
76561198085220921,Recommended,311730,15160447,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,A$AP Kringle,"I'm in the middle, it needs Particle Engine and Soft Engine.... I wish the online was here, and the DLC wasn't so much and would like to see more updates. The game runs completly fine for me, and I don't use a controller. The button layout is comfortable, and easy to learn after about 20 minutes."
,Recommended,311730,15150194,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Full Metal Jugger,"I only brought this game because i like fighting against other real players (so until the online is ready i'll just invite people over)PROs:good solid fighteradictive when played against other playersI've always loved the interactive/breakable environmentssoooo much bewbs and a$$ (I have yet to play a male charater lol)CONs:masher friendlyDLC is 2x more than the cost of the game (what tha fuq?)no soft engine: yes i know some say it's not a big deal, but come on this is PC we're talking about here. you could dish 3 to 4x more graphical punishment on a PC than a console, so what gives?high spec for a game that is missing a complete physics engine (soft engine). call of duty and battlefield 4 are heavier games than this with way more sh!t happening on screen, yet somehow this games specs are in that arena?(team ninja's lack of PC experience is showing)missing the two extra stages: this one makes no damn sense. left me scraching my head.CONCLUSION:the pros listed above are enough to make me happy with this game for a time, but the fact still remains: I paid the same price for less game (missing engine and stages and delayed online mode, although i'm not so upset about the online part though) and to add insult to injury tecmo's yosuke hayashi said: ""We would like to ask PC users to play our game in good and moral manner. Otherwise, we won't be able to release a title for PC again."" (i bet they fear that it would cut into their DLC sales). so lets get this straight: missing physics engine, missing stages, no steam cloud or achivements, and expensive DLCs and you feal like people should not mod this game? tecmo, you have guaranteed that this game will be modded, I hope it gets this living fuq modded out of it just to spite you (can't wait).if this is how tecmo plans to port it's other games to PC then i hope yosuke hayashi keeps good on his threat for this to be the last port. they have proven they know little about the PC platform and it's gamers, and even less about public relations with those gamers.I'll still recommend this game however, tecmo has some issues they need to work through as a company when it comes to PCI sure hope namco doesn't pull this crap with tekken 7."
,Recommended,311730,20351455,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Forcy,"Don't listen to the naysayers, the game partially has PS4 effects and looks great in FullHD and 4K, and with all the mods you got more than with the console versions. Can be played online and who cares about missing lobbies...."
76561198025752844,Recommended,311730,19534049,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,[ LT.DAN ],"Friends, beer, DOA 5, + OMG mode = guaranteed banter and fun. But where are the next-gen graphics?"
76561198036931685,Recommended,311730,20207424,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,X X,FANTASTIC!!Great Fighter I just had to buy it after playing it at the arcade and I have always loved DOA. The DLC's price is way too high and I wont bite until it goes way down but this game has so much to offer as is without it.Time for me to get better and decide who to main :]
76561198263583959,Recommended,311730,23174604,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ハリネズミのソニック,This game play is so great the story is amazing and the game it self is outstanding hands down
,Recommended,311730,33643790,Posted: 18 July,all,Spoonerrific,"Jiggle Physics straight from the gods of Fantastic Funbags and a fighting system that's easy to learn, difficult to master. Story? Who really gives a ♥♥♥♥ - we all know why you're here ;D If you're cool with just saying no to a ♥♥♥♥♥on of RIDICULOUSLY priced DLC in your excellent/fast paced fighter, then you've got a bread winner, here."
,Recommended,311730,17522903,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Far2close,"Overall, this is a good buy if you don't own a console or really like fighting games on your PC.The graphics are great as someone that doesn't care too much about that matter however shadows may look strange.Controls feels a bit weird at first but you will get used to it eventually. Runs smoothly during gameplay however the intro/outros on the fights feel capped at 30 FPS. If you want Online, then you might have to wait, if you don't need Online, then that is fine for you. Achievements are being tested and may be live soon. It's an entertaining game, if you like Dead or Alive, don't have a console, or appreciate fighting games. DLC's are bit pricey though."
,Recommended,311730,17511626,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,On-3,"Read this if you don't own this game on ps4.(though why would you buy it here if you already had it on ps4 - unless you're into modding pc games)Okay, first off I'm not a huge DOA fan, I've always ""liked"" the game but I never considered it a serious brawler and so never spent much time with it,I've played part 2 on the Saturn and loved it for the short time I had it.Part three long enough to realize that it was broken (my opin) and then dropped it in favor of games like SF and played through the story of part 4 long enough to get one character ending.I'm saying all of this so you understand that I'm not a hard core DOA player.Anyway, when I read that DOA5 was PC bound I was super excited as I'd read some good things about the games engine etc and right away preordered the thing!Right off please note that I do not have a ps3/4 so I have nothing to compare this game with and no gripes about the missng stages or soft engine blah blah.. I'm using SweetFX with my game also so I'm quite happy with how it looks, is animated and how it plays.My Gripes amount to being slightly annoyed that no matter what I unlock or how long I play I can't seem to unlock any achievements probably beacuse of the fact that there is STILL no online play, something I really want, however, this was actually a good ting for me.Typically I don't explore a fighter very much beyond vs and story mode and if there is online then my efforts will be concentrated on that. I might get into the tutorial to help but mostly I won't bother with the other options..I went through some of the achievement list and some of them don't even requre online play but I can't seem to have them unlock even though as far as i can tell, I've dont them.In this case you could say I was forced to explore this game more.What I've found...I played the story mode which takes you through just about every character (just about but not all) and found that I really liked how this one was done. It's long, longer than most fighters really but not impossible and I'd say enjoyable.It's different from the traditional story mode in which you pick one character and  play though that characters life story.. In this game you're playing through the DOA story and will end up playing as a number of characters going through the main DOA core story and every character which is directly involved with DOA (sort of)Offcourse if you're expectnig an epic story line here then dream on it, sucks!(like just about every other fighter out there's story mode)So nothing surpising here and I didn't care. It was long I saw most every ones story in one swoop and didnt need to play it over and over multiple times to know what happened to every one.In a nut shell I liked it, nuff said.After that I played a bit of arcade to unlock content. I've got 23hrs or game time so far.(yes unlocking costumes takes a while even when you go tag battle on rookie where you have to finish in 5 matches and unlock two constumes each time)After unlocking most characters costumes, I went on to the tutorial where I learned more about the basic aspects of the game.To my surprisze I'd been playing the game wrong!I played it like I did every other DOA, completely loosing sight of the counter system.By now I've realized that the game is way deeper than I gave it credit for and now believe that it could very well be considered a serious fighter.(I doubt it every will but if people spent more time with it then yes they would enjoy it and prob take it serious)There's an other mode which I tried (forgot the name) where you pick about 5 characters and go head to head for a 5 character 5 round match up. I actually found that very fun weirdly enough.okay so not much of a review and loads of talking but what do I think about the game?Fun fun fun!!!I had a good stress free time playing this title and was pleasantly surprised at just how deep the game can be.Just how much fun it was and just how much I enjoyed playing it..I'm very happy it came to PC and I do for sure recommend it inspite of it's very few glitches and lack of online  play which I'm not holding my breath on even though It's been ""coming"" for quite some time now.The characters are beautifully modeled the costumes are quite good the engine is stable and to me much less broken compared to other editions of the game I've played in the past.So if you're a doa fan or curious enough to pony up that kind of cash for it, don't have a ps3 or 4 and you can keep an open mind then I'd say you're safe getting this one. Otherwise wait for online and a discounted price then go for it.If you have a ps4 then as others have said there would be no point in getting this for PC as what I've heard is that the ps4 version of this title is the best version.So Recomended?Yes!As for DLC... I think its outright insane how much they cost but I have no clue what goes into the making of them so I guess I""m not in a position to complain.. further I wont be buying any and I'm patiently waiting for Online play.In the mean time I'm unlcoking content and exploring the games other modes.DOA 5, a good experience so far.EDIT:online is here and playable. I just tried it and It works pretty damn good. It's only beta but it's goodThe Beta test is only open to users who have purchased Dead or Alive 5 Last Round on Steam.1. With the game fully downloaded, right-click on ""Dead Or Alive 5 Last Round"" in the Steam Library and select ""Properties"".2. Click on the ""Header"" tab and enter ""DOA5LROnlineBetaBranch"" as the access code. (A message will appear below if successful.) Select ""onlinebeta"" from the drop-down list.3. Close the Properties window. You will know you have joined successfully when ""onlinebeta"" is added to the game title in the library.4. Run Dead Or Alive 5 Last Round.You may find it hard to find match up's though. I was lucky and found one, got creamed!The problem I found with it is that it allows you to select the max and min skill level of your opponent... for me to find someone to fight I had to set my opponent level to A (there are levels above A up to Diamond)It Seems ok and would be if there were a whole hoast of people to play with but I don't think many people are either playing or are running the beta and those who are are likely setting the max skill level to A also and are likely good players who would likely set their lowest alloable level skill opponent to higher aswell.. so if you're just starting out there is a chance you wont find anyone to play with to help build up your ranking and thus make it so you could find match ups."
76561197970570209,Recommended,311730,19024125,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Moe,"It's DOA on PC. It's not perfect and optimization could be a bit better but overall, I can't complain."
76561198129392095,Recommended,311730,20649207,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Nuuskm6mmik,"Depends what you like, definitely not for the hardcore fighter fan.  This game has its flaws but is also fun as hell"
76561198048939123,Recommended,311730,15656229,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Solid,Game is fun but the dlc costume packs cost more than the actual game.
,Recommended,311730,22250948,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Vexing Vision,"Dead or Alive 5 is a fantastic and simply fun brawler despite the obnoxious boob-physics.The moves look alive and dynamic, the gameplay is ridiculously fun and even playing a single character doesn't get old very fast.There's lots of features lacking to make online gameplay more rewarding - there's only ranked matches available online, and no chance to practice a new character without losing points. That's a shame.Otherwise, this is the most fun fighting game since Dead Or Alive 4 on the Xbox 360. It's certainly a lot more entertaining than the recent Street Fighter games to me."
76561198167794904,Recommended,311730,29861227,Posted: 11 February,all,Konic64,"The Game is good (at least the full version, which I have on PS4) But it does end up looking better on PC so I recommend getting it here than on Xbox or Playstation. Last thing before you get to the real review make sure you have the system requirements becuase this game is really strict on them. Sometimes my game lags and sometimes it crashes my laptop altogether but more of the time it does play real smoothly.Pros- Good Player models, stages, and gameplayCons- Bad and Boring story, Basically no multiplayer becuase it's dead, and lots of dlc that no one wants to pay for (Just pay for $40 game.)7.5/10"
,Recommended,311730,30615426,Posted: 19 March,all,Lumina,"Dead Or Alive has always been my personal favourite fighting series as it has always been the one that I have actually been any good at and in my opinion the most fun, I enjoy others of course like mortal Kombat and injustice but for me DOA has always been my go to fighting game.I was shocked to see  how much all the DLC costs, the 2 remaining characters I do not have cost a lot, costume packs are like £15 each, to me it just feels like because they knew this would be the last of the series and did not have to worry about trying to please fans for their next release they just whacked the price up on everything to do with it just to try and milk it for all the money they could, for me that is obviously a big negative if you like to buy things like that.*edit* I had previously said that the online is dead as that was my experiance at the time but I have recently found that if I play a versus mode on my own for a while it will occasionally pop up with someone to fight; however they usually seem to be the same people. So while it is not completly dead; I would say it was on life support.Luckily there is still a single player story and the usual teamfight modes and tag modes etc. you can play against the AI or if you have a friend over. The singleplayer story is about what you expect from a fighting game, it takes you through and play some of the different fighters while telling a bit of story in cutscenes between each fight; but it can be confusing at times as there is a lot of jumping backwards and forwards sometimes when you go from one character to the next.A lot of people ""complain"" about the physics because their boobs move a lot etc. and ""it is clearly just done for the perverted men"" but you can turn it on and off in the options if it really bothers you, the boob physics are completly optional.The cutscenes and character graphics in this game look amazing.For the full price version I can not reccomend it, for fans of playing online I can not reccomend it; but if it is on sale and you are a fan of the series or fighting games and do not mind playing it solo or with friends when they come over than I can reccomend it as for me it is enjoyable.I wish there were other rating systems other than ""reccomend and not reccomend"" because reccomend sounds like you fully endorse the game but if you go on not reccomended than it makes the game sound crap and not worth getting at all."
76561198165146124,Recommended,311730,15424557,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Dopey,Good game but what made the game bad was the engine that wasn't present like that of ps4 or xbox one.
76561198020804963,Recommended,311730,15153714,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,SuperEyeShot [PHC$],"Despite the chaotic preorder period , i didn't refund in order to give my opinion about it.The game is released , it's high time for me to give a fair review :Graphics : Even without the missing features , the game is better on pc than on console. To be simple , you play a high res. ,full details version of DOA , much more better than the console ""featured"" version ( Next-Gen ? My♥♥♥♥♥! )Stability : Don't trust the system requirements : i play full details on my old laptop with gt 630m and core i5 ,and the game always stay at 60 fps. No crashes , no bugs , only some slow-motion on the circus stage , but i think it is because of my old config .Gameplay : This game is more complex and technical than others fighting games , with tons of combos and parameters to master.Features : OK , some features are missing from console , but what it is ? two stages ? soft engine ? Stop arguing , you still have 35 stages (with variants) , 34 characters (same as on console) , a long story mode, tons of challenges and 400 costumes. And people are still crying for Two crappy stages...DLCs : the dlcs have the same price on consoles and are only cosmetics ( just costumes ) ,stop it considering it as an argument in favour of console.Online : it will be released within three months. I'm also disapointed , but honestly , there must be reason about it ; maybe they want to connect online with the console players whixh is a good idea.Conclusion : it is not a perfect port , but a honestly good port . The game runs perfectly , with better graphics and the missing features are laughable ( you still have boob physics , even without the Soft Engine)I'm sad that most of the negative reviews have been made by haters who didn't even try the game before writing their reviews. This DOA doesn't deserve it , it is a game with a great potentialNote : 7.5/10"
,Recommended,311730,16221407,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,hruutu,"It is certainly not a bad game at all the mechanics are great the characters are great and the games physics are really good, but it is the way the game is being handled by koei techmo for deciding to port the previous gen version with a bit of new and to make all of the dlc's which are just alternate costumes cost more than the actual game so it is just techmo trying to justify never making for the pc again.I think the base game is worth buying for the price and it will very likely gor to like £15 during the summer sale but there is literally no point for the other costumes as people are creating their own as mods."
76561197969455640,Recommended,311730,16428453,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Swiggity Swooty,"The game itself is fine, it's always been a great fighter, with solid mechanics and fan service. I don't have the complaints people have about controls (I use the xbox controller for it and it works as expected) and I couldn't care less about playing online as I have friends to play with locally. I could spend all day telling you stuff about frame rates, learning curves, etc, but really I liked it because it was a pretty game. This iteration continues that, it has a lot of nostalgia factor, even though the story leaves a lot to be desired.My biggest gripe is the DLC, there is ZERO reason it should cost as much as the game itself, that's craziness. They're just fancy bikinis and ninja outfits, do NOT pay $50 for a costume pack. I would rather just buy a port of DOA X Volleyball (also a surprisingly fun game) in order to get those costumes."
,Recommended,311730,16422091,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Nobody,"If you like unique fighting mechanics, Dead or Alive got that but if you wish to see skins. I hope you a rich fella as the dlc as expensive as heck"
76561197960743200,Recommended,311730,15441259,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Dreamtaker,"I had been waiting for a newer DOA game to come to PC for a while and after putting in the time to unlock all the outfits and system voices, I can say the game is worth it.Game Issues:Out of the hours I have played, the game has only crashed 2 times and both of those were during the story and progress was saved.  At least one crash seems to be very common in the story mode for people.  A quick game restart and 100's of matches later, no more crashes.Controls:I have used a ps3 (with MotionInJoy & BetterDS3), ps4 (with InputMapper), and 360 controller all without issues.  I also used the keyboard on my laptop and that worked better than I expected.  Lack of key mapping is sad, but I had no issues with the default setup.Performance:The game has run fine, with 30fps (cap on menus) and 60fps (cap on fights)* on an i7-2600K, 16gb ram, 770 GTX 4gb, 1080p.My 6+ year old laptop (2.13Ghz Core2Duo, 4gb ram, 9800m GS 512mb, 720p windowed) runs at a very unsteady 30-60 fps in fights.  I never expect that laptop to run games well anymore so that wasn't too bad.*The speed of the game is tied to the framerate, so if the game dips below 60fps in a fight, the animations will slow down.Fighting:Its DOA, if you played one before, you will know what to expect.  If you haven't played one, the system is based on Strikes (punch/kick), Holds (counters), Throws (grabs).  One beats the other when they go against eachother at the right time and produce extra damage based on that timing.Graphics:This version of the game is based on the Arcade game.  To me with the settings all on, it looks better than the ps3 version.  I have not played the ps4 version, but from the videos I have seen, I feel the PC version looks about as good.  The big difference is the Anti Aliasing which PC provides.Cons:I bought DOA5 Ultimate on ps3 when it was released and it would have been nice to see at least the pre-order bonus outfits from that be included in this or a few more outfits be included for the newer characters.I can't list things as Cons that were clearly posted as being added in later (online mode) or were never said to be in the game to begin with (Soft Engine, PS4 Particles).  It was easy to know what you were buying."
,Recommended,311730,16422258,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sycarus,"well DOA fans will buy this after all if they dont have any console else, the porting quality is not really good but ok, i just hoping that the online mode have good server that dont giving much lagi recommend this game just if they have some good discount, not while full priced because its pretty... meh"
76561198249061358,Recommended,311730,22122685,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Super Robato,"The game is fun. Basically everything about the game is just fun. The online is lame. Few active gamers play Dead Or Alive 5. Again. The game is fun, but the online is missing alot of important stuff. Online lobby, Training Dojo, Friend Lobby, Regular Match, 2Pv2P Tag Team, etc. I recommend buying it on a sale deals. DLC isn't worth it. I still love this game, so I'll just put a thumbs up on it. Do I recommend it? idk."
76561198080200508,Recommended,311730,22163730,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Zelmaya,"I always wanted DOA and when I heard of it, I just bought it.Only thing which makes me cringe is the DLC costume packs but they need to run it somehow.I also have some issues regarding matchmaking due to me being in SEA but maybe that might be my locaiton"
,Not Recommended,311730,29894013,Posted: 13 February,all,The Emperor,What a load of garbage.The game won't even load up.Appears to be a common problem.Just wasted 7GB of data.Rubbish.
76561198085845359,Recommended,311730,32206465,Posted: 5 June,all,cavia75,I love DOA and DOA5 is a great game and finally on PC. I don't know why there are so many people complaining about this game. The graphics look great and i have no framerate issues whatsoever. The gameplay is DOA all the way which means: Great.  Difficulty can be set from very simple to impossible so there is a challenge for everyone.The game has a fetish for boobs so thats good.The negatives:  Microtransactions should burn in hell . Over 1200 euros in DLC is a bit overkill don't you think?
76561198241467686,Recommended,311730,21800687,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,BurningAlexter,It's DOA! One the best DOA since DOA4.
,Recommended,311730,31781345,Posted: 15 May,all,Hawke,"Keyboard controls are more usable than Street Fighter  (although I do think a gamepad or Steam controller is vastly superior). I think DoA is a hell of a lot easier to feel like you know what you're doing than Street Fighter is. Also has better graphics than SF (and no, I don't mean the boobs).It seems that since I bought it they've made it F2P with all the characters as DLC. I suppose this does make it a lot easier to play with friends, which I think makes it warrant a recommendation."
,Recommended,311730,34789490,Posted: 6 September,all,spammer,You don't need all those costume DLCs with those ridiculous price.Just buy the full game pack and you got the full game for just $50 or even less on sales.The full game is fun.Either mashing buttons with friends or play it technically.
,Recommended,311730,28153124,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Cat iz 4 Fite,"Dead or Alive 5 has had a rocky launch. I have not yet played the online so my review is largely going to be discussing the single player content. From other reviews I have read it seems online still lacks core features like lobby match.Despite being a port of a remaster of a PS3/360 game, DoA 5 is still one of the best looking fighters you will find. The character models are all well done, and the stages are great as well. Some of the NPC's in the story clearly could have used some updated textures.The gameplay is what you expect of a premiere fighting game. You have your jabs, kicks, high and low attacks, holds, throws, counters, guards, and combos. For those unfamiliar with the series, stages also can present hazards that do increased damage if you knock your opponent into them.The game has a decent range of options to tailor the experience to your liking. You can adjust the level of dirt/sweat, and yes even breast physics (complete with a third unlockable OMG option.) The options however could have gone a bit further. But I guess its to be expected of a console port. One criticism I saw in another review on here is that the game only runs in window mode. This is only half true. You can get it in full screen but you have to launch the game in config mode. There are a number of different resolution options to choose from as well as a few different forms of antialiasing but I would have appreciated more. It would have been nice if they could have actually baked these options directly into the game rather than having to launch in config.Performance wise the game runs ok with a few ocassional dips in frame rate here and there. The minimum requirements call for a i-7 processor but my I-5 seemed to handle it fine. I also noticed that the lip sycning was off a bit during cutscenes after taking screenshots through Steam.The game has a Core Fighters version which is Free to Play but is so barebones its hard to recommend it beyond being a demo. I also wouldn't recommend buying any of the exploitative DLC because of its ridiculous pricing. You would pay more for the DLC packs than you would for the full game.As others have pointed out its a shame that the PC port didn't get the soft engine, or new hair styles or the destructable clothes, and new stages the PS4 and Xbox One versions got.I do think there is enough single player content to warrant a purchase of the full game, with the caveat that I would advise waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,311730,15162409,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,VoidLance,"I love this game. I have been playing DOA since Dimensions, and enjoyed it for the martial arts style fighting, and got pretty good at it. I played this at MCM London Comic Con, and pre-ordered it not long after. Overall, the game is really good, but I have come across a bug where futuristic mechanical things float above characters heads during cutscenes and turn in conjunction with their heads. I presume this is left over from the design stage. Also, one of my friends says it is terrible and they can't use their controllers with it. I strongly disagree, however."
76561197993856159,Recommended,311730,15163075,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,DeathHawk23,"I was pretty set on giving this a thumbs down but I have no choice. My PC is screaming for a dedicated version of this game that can show off all its potential. Instead, this game is a fair translation of the arcade version that all the consoles are familiar with. It does look great but could have been so much more. Looks like Mortal Kombat will be the killer app as far as fighters go. Don't get me wrong, the game looks and plays great. I have an i5 3570 and an HD 7870 tahiti LE and it has no problems at the highest settings (1080P) and I am reading that it runs great on lesser platforms to no surprise. The down side is its missing online play at this time, missing 2 stages, some people gripe about the soft skin missing, STEREO only sound ( that really hurts), no rumble and the poor public relations Tecmo has had with the PC community. It did crash once in story mode but I didnt care too much since its bad anyway. There are also button mapping issues people are having. I compared it to the free trial version on the PS3 and there is no comparison at all. This is not a PS3 port, its the arcade machine port. I am a fan of the series and happy it arrived on the PC. If you own an XBONE or PS4, buy that version. If this is your only option, its not perfect but its not terrible."
76561198052959289,Recommended,311730,15152372,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,mkuehling1983,"Ok, I have not played a single DOA title since numbers 1 and 2 on the original playstation and arcade machines. That should tell you how old I am. So when I found out that DOA 5 was headed to the PC market, I didn't hesitate to pre-order myself a copy. I'm glad I did.A couple things that many people will find disappointing. 1: No ""Soft Engine"" and PS3 particle effects and shaders, as well as no day-one multiplayer support. I can see where that would irk some. However, the game looks beautiful and runs great on my machine.The character models are very well rendered and animated, and the hair system looks good with collision detections and very minor noticible clipping through the shoulders, I'd say hardly at all. The beads of sweat on the body and dripping down their faces after a match is a very nice touch and looks great.Characters animate how you'd expect them to: Women are lithe and agile, and the muscle-bound men feel like they have a pressence even though they are all animated at the same speed.Ok so no multiplayer for three months. You have PLENTY to do in the meantime. The story is pretty good so far at the point I'm in, and there are tutorials that you can master and get bonuses as well as a series of combo challenges.The controls are great, haven't played it on a keyboard since I've been using an XBox 360 gamepad. My only complaint is that the analog stick for movement has a high latency in this game and really requires you to jam it all the way forward or back just to move, so I suggest using the D-pad.Speaking of controls, they are very easy and intuitive to pick up even if you've never played a single DOA title in your life. All characters (and it's a pretty big roster) share countless moves with each other which means you don't have to lean every single move of a character. And each character has individual moves unique to them for you to master.As I said about the story, it's not bad. Each chapter is filled with a few single round fights relating to that character and each chapter is a new character. I don't know if the game gets progressively harder the further you progress, or if that is just me playing characters I haven't trained with.There are music tracks to unlock (and can be set to a certain theme for individual characters and such) as well as costumes for characters.There are several modes of fighting outside of the story mode. Time attack, Survival, Versus (tag or solo) and arcade (also tag or solo matches) with multiple difficulties ranging from the easiest to one that will test even the best players.A couple of things I want to note about the engine this game uses. And is practically manditory to mention in the DOA games. The breast jigglage has been toned down in this game versus previous games to a more realistic physics model.Also, even if it is on the ps3 engine, like I said earlier, that game is just beautiful to see in motion.My last comment in my review are about the stages. There is a good selection of stages, all unique and varying, and many of them are multi-tiered fighting rings with multiple environmental hazards ranging from electric fences to exploding cars and even a tiger jumping through a flaming ring to maul your opponent.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys fighting games, as there are not enough top quality fighting games on the pc besides Street Fighter 4, Street Fighter x Tekken, and Mugen.Sorry for the incoherance of this review, it's 4:30 am and I haven't slept yet. I hope  I was helpful to you all."
76561197970629572,Recommended,311730,15183794,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ムカつく,"First of all, the bad points - the costume pack DLC is insanely priced (£90 for 2 packs), 2 stages have been left out from the PS4 version (and could be sold to us later, judging by the day one DLC) and there's no soft engine.However, the graphics look (as far as I am concerned) far better than the PS4 version due to the higher resolution and using tools like SweetFX can help improve them further. The DLC is purely cosmetic, so far, so it is not necessary to purchase for the gaming experience. The game runs smoothly and the characters are all gorgeous (backgrounds not so much).DOA 5 is easily the best fighting game on any platform, with a huge array of moves, 34 characters and multi-level, destructible stages. It has loads to unlock, great training modes to teach the commands and combos for each character. It has arcade mode, time attack, survival, team mode (7 on 7) as well as the story mode.The story is ridiculous, but who cares? It's fun to play through.I am hoping the soft engine gets added before the new DLC is added, with clothes that can tear - the port to PC has certainly left out a few features that should have been added and there's no excuse to not add them. If these are added with free DLC, then the game will be perfect.As for the current DLC, I recommend not buying it because developers cannot come to believe it is ok to charge this amount for costumes - if the DLC was £3-£5 per pack, loads of people would buy it and they'd probably make a lot more. I believe the £40 and £50 price tags will simply encourage piracy."
76561198018131169,Recommended,311730,17486763,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,💀 Ceo,YOU CAN DISABLE BOOB JIGGLES GOTY
,Recommended,311730,17653635,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,rolf.lorenz,"I love it. DLC too expensive, I just wait to get them in promotion."
76561198088045666,Not Recommended,311730,24875785,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,lolicon09,"2016-10-14Still the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ downgraded version as day one... no, wait, now it's called Dead Or Aive 5 Last Round - Core Fighters..."
,Recommended,311730,15398085,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,B a e k Y e b i n 예빈 ℠,B ( . )( . ) Bs
76561198170192685,Recommended,311730,30700308,Posted: 24 March,all,xXThatguy275Xx,"Well it's a solid game once there's a sale on itIf you have a budget and you want to play this updated verion of it then by all means buy it, but I recommend to wait when there's a sale"
,Recommended,311730,32390339,Posted: 13 June,all,orochi2k,I will upvote this for Christie and smash PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP :3
76561198023765843,Recommended,311730,19333763,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,OG-Tortoise,Thought about it...game is good.  Online mod is a bit of a hit or miss.  Still like the game
76561198150705864,Recommended,311730,26901249,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,l3ocly,Nice view
,Recommended,311730,28102581,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,King Gezrick,"I love this franchise, always have... But this is the laziest port I've ever come across. Why am I paying premium prices for a game that doesn't have any of the new features of the console versions? Might as well just play dead or alive 4 on the 360, probably be cheaper and, with all the things that are lost in the port, it's basically the same game...Still though, I'd recommend it if you loved the old games... So long as you and are willing to pay through the nose for a game with Xbox 360 graphics and missing features."
,Recommended,311730,30002030,Posted: 17 February,all,djblazekin,The only problem I have is the lack of a online lobby where I can gather my friends together like the console version has
,Recommended,311730,30080949,Posted: 21 February,all,Microvic,Good Game
,Recommended,311730,28915224,Posted: 1 January,all,Sjorspion,"I had doubts about making a positive or negative review. Mainly because I'm happy with every fighting game that appears on steam. Don't get me wrong. DOA5 LR is an excellent fighting game. However compared to the PS4/XONE version, the PC version is just lacking in the content and visual department. Add the ridiculous cost of all the DLC's. So only buy it if you don't have the ps4 or Xone version and just play local multiplayer or single player.."
,Recommended,311730,27921868,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CSBC0110,Awesome game! I can't stop playing it!
76561198088453493,Recommended,311730,33333584,Posted: 6 July,all,kid,"This game is for you if u love to do mod on your character.The fight scene is okay, a lot of detail on model and movement."
,Recommended,311730,28338521,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,lorddnoys,One of my favorite fighting game all time.
,Recommended,311730,15268893,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,L Lawliet,Pros-First DOA On PC-Better Graphic-Character Is KawaiiCons-No Online Mode-Cant Change Keyboard Settings-DLC Is Very ExpensiveFan Of DOA = BuyPeople Like Fighting Games = Dont Buy7/10
,Recommended,311730,15325603,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Da Killah Genius,"One of My Favorite Fighting Games of All Times, Now on PC/SteamDOA is one of my favorite fighting series, it never fails to keep me addicted.  Martial Arts, Kung-Fu, Tae Kwon Do, Tai Chi, each and every character has their own techniques.  Don't be fooled, you might think this game is extremely simple because its easy pulling off the moves and combos, this is the type of fighting game where you have to strategize pretty fast.  I played 2 (the original & hardcore), and 3.  DOA never disappoints me.This game deserves a 100 out of 10, (lmao)"
76561198077887896,Recommended,311730,15142141,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,IsThisRealLife?,"Let me get this out there by first saying yes this game is missing some functions from the console version of the game such as softengine and missing *gasp* two stages. However this game is a solid fighter featuring a large cast of characters each with their own unique fighting style. If you are a veteran of the previous DOA's you will feel very comfortable as the rock paper scissors playstyle is fine tuned making each fight exciting and unpredictable.I have no issues running this at 60fps on my laptop on high settings and since I play with an arcade stick and had no issues rebinding buttons. I do see the issue with saves being linked to your community ID but really how many times do people change this for it to be an issue? I have also seen images where characters are floating or glitched out and so far have not experienced this. I have this game on the ps4 aswell and hardly see the visual differences between the two games, what I do notice are the faster load times on my laptop due to the game being installed on my ssd. I am not too bummed that online won't be up for another 3 months. It just gives me more time to practice against the AI and get my combos down in training.If you are thinking about purchasing this game simply to oggle scantily clad fighters in 1080p save your money because there are websites that provide that for free.However if you're thinking about purchasing this game because you want to play a solid fighting game with a diverse cast of characters and an absolutely solid combat system I would definitely recommend this."
76561198004052583,Recommended,311730,23331271,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,666,I have Ultra Street Fighter IV and Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition. DEAD OR ALIVE 5 Last Round is better then both of those games.
,Recommended,311730,15273184,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Justinlyj,I like it..
,Recommended,311730,15144247,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,billzombie,"I for one am happy to have the series ascend to the PC platform.First, I'd like to note that the developers have been upfront about the limitations of this release that the negative reviewers are lamenting about. I remain hopeful that the developers will continue to improve this release in the future with updates.The game is running smoothly on my system at 1024x768 even though according to their minimum hardware requirements, I fall a little short. (i5, HD Radeon 7850). There were two cut scenes where I had strange artifacts that looked like cages surrounding the characters. It's a weird bug and I don't suspect it to be common place.If you are a fan of the series and want to play it on the PC. I'm happy to report that this port is 100% functional and stable to play."
,Recommended,311730,15193303,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ternami,"First of all, Thanks for porting this to PC too, after all this time.Second, the review, well... graphics, variation, gameplay, and so on.You have to play it to understand, but from the fighting games, this is in the top."
,Recommended,311730,15191605,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Blitzen365,"This is an ""okay"" port of DOA5 for the PC. Derived from the arcade version, which also runs on Windows, it can be seen as lacking visually compared to current generation consoles.Graphics are OK nonetheless, equivalent to those of the PlayStation 3 version, but looking a bit nicer when rendered in 1080p and higher resolutions.However I do believe that, as generally current gaming PCs are more powerful than even the current generation consoles, they can do better than that. This is quite a letdown, considering graphics are pretty much this franchise's main selling point.Performance-wise, the game can run well on machines that do not meet the stated minimum requirements. I'm running it on an old Core 2 Quad Q9300 at stock clock (2.5 GHz) with a GeForce GTX 650 Ti, and it runs smoothly at constant 60 fps, in 1920x1080 resolution with FXAA and maximum shadow resolution.For 1920x1080, 1 GB of VRAM minimum is a must, and looking at the CPU usage behavior (Core #0 is stuck at 100% at all times while playing, while other cores see a much lower usage, around 20-30%) I'd say it might run well on a 2.66 GHz Core 2 Duo.That Core #0 stays stuck at 100% shows signs of an unoptimized program though. It does the same on a more powerful machine I run the game on (a Core i5 3570K at 4.6 GHz). The dropping of the ""yawaraka engine"" (which adds realism to graphics on current-gen consoles) might have something to do with this; just speculation on my part though.The game currently lacks an online play mode, which is set to be released in a patch three months from the game's release date. While I'm not much of an online fighter, this may turn down many players. Those who like to play online might want to wait until then. Other play modes are identical to the PlayStation 3 version, except that the photo viewer is gone - the game uses Steam's built-in screenshot viewer for the photo viewer feature. I think that's good though.In-game, it plays much like its PlayStation 3 counterpart. Effective use of holds is key, and the timing of commands may take a good while to master. Gameplay flows quite OK but I prefer the likes of Tekken and Soul Calibur when it comes to 3D fighter gameplay - a matter of personal preference, though. Playing with a PC keyboard could be somewhat iffy, however doable. I'd recommend using a XInput-compatible gamepad, those seem to work the best.To wrap it up:Pros:console gaming coming to the PC, good fighting action, and the franchise's traditional nice ladies ;-)Cons:Apparently rushed port, downgraded graphics, sub-optimal performance, no online (for now)Overall: 6/10. This port is passable, but could be much better. I hope the devs get the hang of how the PC ecosystem works and bring us better quality ports in the future. Recommended - not for everyone though, but for those who like the franchise and/or want more games coming from console to PC. Those who have a current-gen console and the respective version of the game may want to stick to it though."
,Recommended,311730,15357460,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,AxEL ViRuS,"Game Played with :CPU : AMD FX 8350 4.34 GHzRAM : 16 GBGPU : MSI R9 285 GAMING 2GBPerformance achieved 60 fps with 1920x1080 display on max settings.The Good :- DOA game on PC- 4k Resolution- Good GraphicThe Bad :- No Ps4 effects but Ps3 equivalent effects- No Soft Engine- No Steam Cloud- No Online at launch- No Steam Cards (why?)- Expensive DLCs (not required to buy for enjoy the game)- Game missing 2 stages from console versionAfter deleting my pre-order I decided to give another chance to this game because it's different from the fantomatic ""next gen"" consoles.Let's start by saying that after few matches the game it's not bad graphically and the gameplay it's good.Talking about the missing features (soft engine, missing stages and etc) I think that it's not a big deal after you try the game, yes on console the game may be better but if you look at the screenshoot comparisons of the PS4 and  PC the difference it's not that big!!!Speaking about multiplayer the game is missing the online features at the moment and it's one thing that I'm upset about but anyway don't panic it will arrive soon.Another two things I'm upset about are the lack of steam cloud and bad controller support (had to use original 360 controller for have RT LT in their places instead of start and select).About the high price of the DLCs that if you buy them all you could get maybe a new GPU (XD), they are not really needed and are just some costumes that wont affect the game at all.In conclusion this game it's not a must but, instead, an alternative and maybe a chance to see more 3D fighting games on the PC. Anyway you should keep an eye on it when it goes on sales.If you don't own an old/next gen console I would reccomend you to buy this game (if you like the genre and it gets more cheap), instead, if you own an old/next gen console you better off getting the game there but it's up to you!!!GAME VOTE : 7 (7.5 if it had online at launch and missing features)Thanks for reading and sorry in advance if there are any grammar errors."
,Recommended,311730,15277153,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,stephen.rinaldy,"This is a very good fighting game in PC. Realistic Martial Arts, beautiful girls, cool characters, awesome stages, and... Power Blows"
,Recommended,311730,15270962,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Revan,"Most of the negative reviews are from people who apparently owns every DOA on consoles and complaining about how the visuals effects are not better than on their PS4 or it misses 2 arenas...Let's rate the game honestly (as the casual gamer i am in fighting games)Pros:The game looks very good and it runs smoothly.The story mode has fine cinematics and storytelling. It's fun, and not too short (Maybe 3 hours)The fighting system is very good. Tons of different combos, throws, counters for each charactersTutorial is very well made, and there is also a perfect combo training modeThere are a lot of characters (34 i think)I find price ok for the content of the gameThere is a breast motion setting... yupCons:No online yetFew suits available. Others are in very overpriced DLC.This is so far one of the best fighter i've played. And the best i own on PC.It's fast to learn and has a lot to help you improve, with a good learning curve i think.If you like fighting games you should give it a try!"
,Recommended,311730,15273928,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Marion Quinn,"Before you people get intimidated by the sheer amount of negative points of this game, please bear in mind that almost all of them are complaining about missing features compared to the console versions. Everything changes if you've never owned a copy of this game before.First off, the game is wicked fast; barely any loading time. Although its true that many visual features in the console versions are missing here, so bloody what? The only time you're paying attention to any of that is when you're not paying attention to the fight.Controls are good. I'm using a dualshock 2 and I've had no problems. Hopefully they allow keyboard mapping later on.There's no online mode yet; but since there WILL be... Thats good too.I'm probably missing a few things; technical issues or whatever specifics that many will nitpick passionately in the comments. But what it boils down to is this: I'm enjoying the game immensely. It's cheap (20USD equivalent in my region), fun, and it works properly. Just don't waste your cash on DLC.Funny thing though... With every game I play with multiple characters, I always try to master the females first. But this game; even though it has an unholy number of females in it, my mains end up being Bass and Jan Lee."
,Recommended,311730,15289714,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Colonel Cluck,"Solid port of the arcade edition.Don't listen to most of the negative reviews; there was a planned effort to sabotage this launch by bombarding the reviews with negativity weeks before the game even launched. Most of these people are just being spiteful.That being said.+High, consistent FPS+Solid sound+Up to 4k resolution support w/ AA+Gamepad support for wire 360 controllers & other mainstream gamepads-Missing 2 stages-Middling particle effects (doesn't affect gameplay at all)-Brad Wong-Brad Wong-Brad Wong_______________________________As I'd already mentioned, this is a solid port of the game in every way that actually matters. Could TN have done a better job of communicating? Absolutely. Would I have liked the PS4/XB1 content like the stages and particle effects? Absolutely. Did any of this actually ruin the experience of finally playing DoA on my PC? Not even a little.The game has been confirmed to work with ENB's and the screenshots coming out have already rendered the Soft Engine a moot point, so don't let that discourage you from playing this game. The missing online was one of the few things TN was upfront about, and will be coming in a month or two anyway, so I refuse to hold that against them.If you enjoy DoA. You will enjoy this game. Buy it!"
,Recommended,311730,15204852,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Snowy,"Okay so the game does miss some features (Online play which will be patched in 3 months, PS3 effects instead of PS4, lacking texture quality, two missing levels) of which the lack of online play at launch is the most crucial one and the only one you should actually care about.It's a fighting game so the graphics aren't that important and mods will probably fix that too.DOA happens to be my favorite fighting game. The combat feels fluid and the great array of characters spices up the gameplay. It has a story mode which is pretty decent. Since the online mode isn't in the game yet I recommend you try it out!It takes quite some time to learn if you haven't played fighting games before but there's a VERY in-depth tutorial. I haven't even finished it since it's like 43 classes and each class has like 3-10 lessons so... Yeah.Enough rambling! If you like fighting games and the lack of online mode (for 3 months) doesn't matter to you then I really really REALLY recommend you get this game! Oh and you should own a gamepad. X360 controller or (if possible) a fighting stick."
,Recommended,311730,23455289,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,coffeelover239,"The game itself is very good, and you don't have a lot of options when it comes to 3D Fighters on PC. But, skimping the port on a lot of graphic features because ♥♥♥♥ing Koei Tecmo couldn't be bothered to update the code is unacceptable. Not having online lobbies is also pretty bad. So why do I reccomend it, well, like I said eariler you don't have a lot of options for 3D fighting games on PC. It's also one of the better 3D Fighting games on PC, and it's not locked to 30 FPS like the Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Games. I'd say get it if you are a hardcore DOA fan who really needs their fix or if you're looking for a good 3D fighting game on PC. Just be aware of the missing features."
76561198055555262,Recommended,311730,15832630,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Terickle,"dont even talk abt the hot chicks (modders dont really need to mod for this game ;P ), This game is fun as hell, a lot of features,fluid gameplay at 60 fps at 4K res,a lot of  customizations possibles,many play modes etc etc. I own MK9, MKX,and ULSF but i must admit DOA5 is the funniestPros: Fine art skins.:No need ``press theses 60 buttons to get this combo) ,combos are availables quite easily,all is in the speed:Many false ``bugs``, quite hilarious:Very competitive play for true fighter,champ and legend modeCons: DLC tag price.....: No online play ( a patch is scheduled in a few weeks)"
76561197997637416,Not Recommended,311730,15806273,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Soryujen,I love the fighting mechanics and that's it.This game doesn't have online at time ofport...why?Then it doesn't have all the content of the consoleversions....why?Then it's missing a graphics engine found on consoles....really?A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port.
,Recommended,311730,30976829,Posted: 6 April,all,Thomas the Tank Engine,Nice butts
76561197960513829,Recommended,311730,15144700,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,EagleEye,"I'll split my review into two sections, the game itsself and the PC port.Game:For anyone who hasn't played DOA games before, this series and the Soul Calibur series are by far my favorite fighting games.  However, the only problem I have with DOA is the excessive amount of fan service in the form of costumes.  They can make the game look rather juvinile to onlookers at times, which is annoying.  Ignoring those, DOA has a very deep, satisfying, and fun fighting system that strikes the best balance between being button mash friendly for new comers, but also accomodates a very high level of advanced play for those who put in the time.  The moves and graphics are really flashy as well, makes you feel like you're part of a movie.  As for DOA5 in particular, from my experience every entry in the series is clearly superior to all the entries before it, and DOA5 is no exception.  Some fighting game series' aren't so fortunate, and their effort to appeal to a broader audience sacrifices the gameplay quality at the high level.  DOA5 somehow dodged this pitfall, and remains a great game.The PC port:Contrary to what many reviews here have stated, from my experience the quality of the PC port is actually quite good.  It runs very smooth and looks amazing, even on old/slow hardware.  My midrange AMD laptop from 2011 plays the game perfectly at 60fps and that says something.  I haven't noticed any bugs or crashes either, which often happens with poor port jobs.  I know there are some features missing from this version, but all of them except for 1 really aren't a big deal at all.  The game is still tons of fun and looks/plays great.  The only glaring feature that I think may impact a purchase is the missing online multiplayer.  However, this will be added within 3 months, and I'd rather play the game offline now and get multiplayer later, than for the entire game to be delayed 3 months.  Thinking of this as a preview release of the game helps things in my mind.I absolutely recommend this game to both newcomers and veterans of the series."
,Recommended,311730,15263151,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Demystificator,"Things should be considered for deciding to pick this game :1/ First and only true DoA available on PC. Also I don't know any other 3D AAA vs fighting game on PC.2/ It runs perfectly on my i5-2500K + n560 Ti, 8Gb RAM.3/ Lacking of 2 arenas and soft engine. To be fair, there's enough arenas for a solid game and boobs engine is useless as you can't focus on breast while fighting ; and boobs are already insanely defying all gravity even in ""natural mode"".Soft engine couldn't be put on PC as it requires motion sensitive pad (boobs are actually moving as you move the pad on PS4).4/ It is not really a game for pervs only as half of characters are male and the game is fair on that point : they get as oversexualised as females. And again, while playing, impossible to focus on cleavages. It can feed pervs only if they're already pervs.The game is actually quite good itself : easy to get fun, (very) hard to master. The game will help you though to learn all moves and combos for each characters unlike Street Fighter which learn you either too basic combos or impossible to land ones.It is a port so technically it can't be perfect but it is still better than Dark Souls'.It supports natively my PS2 pad plugged with a low cost usb converter and I can rebind my pad... If you plan to play a VS fighting game with keyboard, even Streetfighter would be a pain to play.The online isn't here yet, but it will come and unlike on PS4 ; it will be free... Maybe you want to wait for the online but it already supports the local MP and there's already much stuff to do : story mode - arcade mode - training mode, many costumes to unlock...So, if you have a PS4, maybe you should take the game on it. If you don't and don't mind about ""no achievements, no trading cards""; this game is cool.It really runs fine for a port and the game itself is very good."
,Recommended,311730,15132131,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,lars_cs,"Unlike most on Steam I cannot give this game a bad rating simply because there are features missing that do not effect my gameplay (minus the online).So as far as the gameplay goes, I enjoy this game very much despite lack of ""next-gen"" effects and online. It feels smoother and the 4K boost is very nice comparing it to my console versions. All the costumes are there as promised, however controller support needs some work... though it is playable, there are a few buttons that are not mapped properly.local co-op is a nice touch especially most PC games do not integrate this feature into their titles. Lack of online, achievements, and other main Steam features is disappointing considering the game was delayed for more than a month and most of the game was ported from the PS3 version.As far as the lack of features go... If Team Ninja was outgoing, they would have made a proper PC version with beautiful textures and launched with the key features. It would have sold nicely and brought more attention to the Steam version. Hopefully in the near-future they will patch the game with current-gen textures and effects so it will get the attention that it deserves.If you're like myself and enjoy a good fighting game for the enjoyment then I recommend this, however If the game is not fixed within a timely matter than I would wait for a price drop. I will also edit my review after proper alterations are made to the game."
,Recommended,311730,15134392,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,icehuskyR6,I like....Great game!
,Recommended,311730,15130543,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Excelin GT,BOOBIES.
,Recommended,311730,15141517,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Kouta,"-Honestly, this game is more on the non-worth side, but to me It is really, really fun, but the devolpers are more focused on PS4 and Xbox One versions sadly, but soon there will be mods, like all the other games that will spice things up more, if you have never had a Dead or Alive game before, this one is actually pretty good.-Now I know people keep talking about the no online, soft engine, and the controls, but you alsohave to understand that they rushed this game out because of people begging them to, also online will be placed in, andso will the controls, but we actually have to wait. Think of the 3 month online drawback as time to practice so you don't look like a idiot spamming buttons.-As a final choice, though I really do love this game, your better off buying dead or alive 5 Ultimate, it isn't really worth it's price, and is practically the same thing, also only one of the new characters is intresting and he only has like 60 moves, so hes pretty boring, totally not worth that buy. lol-Lastly....boooobs! <-<    Had to c:"
76561198070156228,Recommended,311730,15277843,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,MikeThePlayr,"This version of DOA5LR is great, because it is so easy to mod. I play it more than the PS4 version now that some really awesome mods have already come out for it. You know the ones I mean. ;)"
,Recommended,311730,15131027,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Dobol,"As owner of the original Dead or Alive 5 on Playstation 3 I was a little upset when Team Ninja announced DOA5 Ultimate and then when they announced Last Round since they did not give any options to either buy at a lower price/upgrade to the people who purhcased the original one. However, seeing that Last Round also came to PC and considering the fact that I did not purhcase Ultimate, I decided to give it a go and pre-order.So far the game has run smoothly and I have encountered zero issues. The biggest problem right now with this game and all the negativity surrounding it is that it was not ported from either the Xbone or the PS4 versions and I still do not understand why Team Ninja made this decision. However, the game looks incredible and I've seen comparisons between the PS3/PS4 Xbox 360/Xbox One versions and the graphical change is barely noticeable, as well as the soft engine. Sure it'd be nice if TN would give us a port comparable to the current consoles as the PC is more than capable of running the game at the highest settings without issues. I hope that TN realizes this and gives us those missing features. I'm against practices like this as it was false adverstising on their part and shows how little effort may have been put into porting this game to PC. Online is not available and that really is a shame. For a game like this, not having online can really hurt. I don't really play online so the fact that it doesn't have it yet doesn't impact my enjoyment but I know that most people who play this game will want online multiplayer available asap.That aside, the game is highly enjoyable, the fighters look incredible, the gameplay is smooth specially at 60fps/1080p. If you did not buy DOAU and your PC meets the minimim requirements, I say go for it and buy it, it is not a bad game by any means and the negative reviews seem to be more aimed at the fact of how the game was ported to PC. I for one will be enjoying the hell out of this game, the new fighters, the stages and the costumes (won't buy any DLC though, those prices are a joke). If you want a good fighting game on PC, go for it. Hopefully modders will enhance the game and TN will eventually patch it so we get what's missing.My system specs:-Core i5 4670k @ 3.4GHz-8GB RAM-GeForce GTX 760 SC 2GB-Windows 7 UltimateEDIT: Online is now available but has many issues."
76561198049651622,Recommended,311730,15181907,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,MUTAiTO,"Very Nice Game in Total! Could be nicer in some points, but i hope they fix it! Some textures of the surroundings, look like console game, u not realize it when fighting, but the viewers. Water and moving of it by kicks are pretty good.  Multiplayer would be nice, u have a lot to do by unlocking all the clothes and stuff untill its out and better late, then never or like MK sth. in between. U can choose the musik in titlescreen or in fights and so on, thats really nice. (alot of good musik ) Its still one of the top fighting games if not the fighting game, it deserves better reviews !Controls are very nice! Diversity of fighting is awesome, so much alternativ moves, sure ull master them not in 5 min :D! Story is short, because its a MULTIPLAYER GAME and not only online! MOstly the bad reviews are just talk like a parrot do! The port gah gar! Missing this missing that gar gah! ( only the 2 stages missing of 30 or so, and online mode ) BLA BLA! :D Buy it! The price of the dlc s is funny,(the best costumes (to unlock) are free or in preorder by the way :) i get the dlcs for free at pre order, all the guys are mad now they didnt :D pervent trolls!Awesome onlinebeta out! its very nice no lag and whie i was playing arcade, i could search for opponents, while i was playing awesome"
,Recommended,311730,15134563,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Justin,"A lot of people are just complaining about the removal of 2 stages and an advanced breast motion engine.  It's silly.The game is just as competent as it's ever been.  It's fun to play locally and if you want online MP just wait until it's out.Most modest gaming PCs can handle this game at higher than console IQ with even basic GPUs like the gtx750ti being able to handle 1080p with 2x Super Sampling and 2k shadow resolution.Simply put, the game is super clean and runs great.  It's all a fan of the fighting mechanics can really ask for.I give it a solid rating of ""Buy it if you like fighting games and if the price seems fair to you.  Or wait until online is patched in and the price drops a little.  Really, you know if you want it or not, the game has been out on consoles since 2012"" out 10"
,Recommended,311730,15149391,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,R0LLc33,"5/5 ratingBest gravure fighting game on the planet.What can I say...forget ONLINE multiplayer, just grab this and feast your eyes with whatever fetish you can get from this game. XD~Graphics? Works great on an SLI GTX970.overall: AWESOME exp!My favorites:HitomiKokoroKasumi:-)"
76561198074044813,Not Recommended,311730,16671145,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Py20m4n,"17 hours of gamplay,lost all my save data all costumes and stuff in game!"
,Recommended,311730,15133373,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Loose Goose,"While I am disapointed in the delay for online multiplayer and the missing stages, I still feel this game was worth the purchase. DOA 5 was a great game when I played it on the PS3, but I'm having way more fun with this version. Right now these are the highlights for me:Running at 60fps at 1080pImproved shadows/lighting (only the particle/special effects are from the PS3 version)Game is stable and loading times are greatly reduced compared to PS3 versionLocal 4-Player support (right now the store page says Single-Player, no idea why)Photo mode takes a Steam screen shot, actually allowing you to use the photos (this was a pain on PS3, as you could only view the photos within the game)"
,Recommended,311730,29924962,Posted: 14 February,all,Gunnest663,I am enjoying this game more then other games i have.I would recommend it to people who like fighting games.I rate 11/10
76561198108209328,Recommended,311730,15135105,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,KurisuChaN05,"First time play a Dead or Alive Series, actually gameplay is great and fun. Don't take the system requirements seriously, because mine is below minimum system req but runs smoothly on my pc. No bugs/problems so far. Happy because this game is on pc. XBox Controller recommended, not used to keyboard when playing this type of games. ^.^v________________________My Dektop Specification- Intel Core2 Quad Q8300 2.5GHz- Geforce GT 630 2Gb- 8Gb RAM"
,Recommended,311730,15205146,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Not Hamichi,"It's a good game, but the Ai seems to be overpowered and took me a long time to figure how to fight ""unfairly"" to clear the legend mode. Well... people tends to complain a lot of unnecessary things like overpriced DLC, missing features or what next gen not next gen graphic stuffs... well, the game is totally fine and I'm enjoying it...  especially when comes to boobs... boobs and more boobs... well, anyways, the price of pre-purchase and now, it's so much difference, so if you don't like fighting game or you have problem with anger management (OP Ai), you should stay away from it... Other than that, I highly recommend it~"
,Recommended,311730,15188509,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,eevee,"Good game, 60 fps. Hope to see more DoA titles on PC in the future."
76561198024930612,Not Recommended,311730,15129539,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,violentstreak,I didn't build this PC so I could play ps3 games.
,Not Recommended,311730,25473812,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,9000hall,"It was good but its probably was meant to stay on console, yes to console, no to PC."
,Not Recommended,311730,25593816,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Krowplex,This game looks amazing but theres no one online ;-;
,Recommended,311730,25608964,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Зэтаыл,I enjoyed this more than street fighter
,Not Recommended,311730,17732717,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Laffer Curve.™,"Team Ninja is a very good company.Ninja is Stealth.So STEALTH that online mode is nowhere to be seen.420/10 for company that is true to their name,Also, BLAZE IT."
,Recommended,311730,15130017,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SudokuPls,"The game runs well and loads quickly, less hiccups when compared to the next-gen versions.  I haven't experienced any problems with controller support so far. The lack of some next-gen effects is disappointing but not really a deal breaker. There is also two stages missing from the game which will probably eventually make it down the line. The game wont have online for a few months so if that's what you're looking for you are better off waiting. If you want to play locally with a friend or vs the cpu the game is worth it."
,Recommended,311730,29609251,Posted: 31 January,all,VERT,full game on wishlist 👍nenen FTW!
,Not Recommended,311730,23175533,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,BloodyHands305,Great poor man simulator
,Recommended,311730,15358584,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,"""outerfaggot""","Fun to play, playing it in I5 processor like a slow motion but still fun to play with friendsI guess the reason why the DLCs are expensive is because there's a lt of DLCs in one DLC"
76561198205328047,Recommended,311730,25682965,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,CatSword,I like it its good game with nice 3D graphics
76561198086222105,Recommended,311730,25642854,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,das leben ist schön,good game however your DLC is too much expensive.
,Recommended,311730,15246079,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,CruzCoda,"Last time that I played DOA, was DOA 2: Ultimate on the original XBox. Most of my experiences are from local play with friends and siblings, and so the lack of online multiplayer isn't an issue with me. It would be nice, but it wasn't what I bought the game for.As a fighting game, moreover a DOA game, it's sublime. Even on older hardware with a less than stellar video card, at full resolution, texture size, and 2x SXAA, the game runs smooth and silky on nearly all stages.My only concern is the DLC. Considering just how expensive the costumes are, I wouldn't ever justify spending THAT much for a few extra pieces of bling.Beyond that, solid fighting game, working even on Windows 10. A few dings, a few missing parts that would have added extra polish, but worth at least $35 for a PC Fighting game."
,Recommended,311730,15252705,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,In It For The Nudes^jbl,"Don't listen to the negative reviews, this game is still really good. The only thing missing from it is the online portion which should've been released from the start."
,Recommended,311730,15163437,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,DJ St. Nick,"So far this game has met my expectations, and my expectations are that of someone that played the crap out of DOA 2 and 3 for Xbox on Xbox live. I never played 4 or 5, so this is my first installment since the Xbox days.Also, I'm playing on a 4k TV at max graphics with a gtx 980.That said, the game looks beautiful, and the fight mechanics are as good as I can remember. Everything seems to work seamlessly with my Xbox 360 controller. I haven't encountered any glitches, and because I never played this on ps4 or ps3, I don't miss the content that wasn't ported over that a lot of people seem to be upset about. That doesn't mean I'm not upset this didn't get the attention that the console versions got, but I'm just happy a pc version came out at all since I have no intention of buying a console.I do miss multiplayer and I'm hoping some of my friends pick this up because I think this would be really fun at a LAN party."
76561197960713765,Recommended,311730,16456778,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Vincent,"Game is fine, but DLC price is just insane!"
,Recommended,311730,15983294,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,BAK CHOY,bewbs in my library b**chput some bewbs in my library b**ch
76561198024683122,Recommended,311730,17713685,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,steve,I played Dead or alive 5 last round onlinebeta on Saturday a online match at last .Online not much good
76561198073749701,Not Recommended,311730,15128535,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,BluMoji,"Missing a lot of features, can't even access the controls, keyboard layout is confusing, still pretty unfinished even though it was delayed, It is fun but I would not recommend for the price of this game and it still being a unfinished product"
,Recommended,311730,24586515,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Parumi,"Game is alright in my opinion. I find the controls easier for a fighting game I personally like. The downside to it is that the audio pitch drops on some scenes and some character introductions drop fps. For those who rely on reviews for this game, buy this game if you want to enjoy it on PC, it's a difficult start for PC controls, but it does bring back the fun for the game itself. Overall, other ""reviewers"" like to dog on this game because they don't appreciate the fan service, this game is NOT all about fan service, although it really shows within the characters. This is a fighting game, not some fan service filled game. The controls are not made to be played online, players would have trouble with it anyways. ALSO, not that many players would be playing this game on PC!!! For those who like to complain about this game, get a console and save your complaints. Nearly to nothing is wrong with this game, it's just the players expect it to be the same as all the other versions. ++The prices for DLC are pretty high. In my opinion, they're for people who would do anything for fan service.Just be glad that there is a PC port of DOA5, you don't really see these games get a PC port.I wouldn't give this game a 10/10, but for sure it's above a 7 for me. I prefer this version over the console version."
,Recommended,311730,25868957,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Owenorone,I love it!
,Not Recommended,311730,15434716,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Sea Slug,Just one word for the DLCs: bankruptcy
76561197992764918,Recommended,311730,16517810,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Rickityr3kt,"Got the collectors edition on PS3 way back when it first released as well as the PS Vita version. Love this game. Fun, beautiful, fast paced. Lack of PS4 features namely the soft engine/cloth breaking honestly woulda been nice, I hope its patched in the future, but its still worth it."
,Recommended,311730,16360173,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Emperion Dynasty Cats,10/10 for me >3<
,Recommended,311730,16895806,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Crimson Luna,One of the better Fighting games i have played.. I feel the controls are so much responsive in this game compared to Street Fighter and other great fighting games.. I feel like they are on par with the controls in Tekken.. Really nice and smooth.(I was also really surprised when i heard that Rig's english voice actor is the voice actor to 2 of my favorite MOBA characters (Yasuo (league of legends) and Illidan (heroes of the storm)))Gameplay 10/10Voice Acting 10/10 (both japanese and english)Story 10/10Costume variety 20/10 (too many costumes(At ridiculous prices too -.-' ))Overall... 10/10
76561198049356838,Recommended,311730,18402392,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Golden Gripper,"This the best Dead or Alive of all time, I have played them all and loved them all. I hope that the series will continue on steam. The best of all fighting games would be sorely missed by me, if I were to hear that me next dead or alive may not come to the pc.I have played at least 50+ other fighting games and nothing has ever come close to the quality, fun and graphics of Dead or Alive.Dead or Alive has more Wrestling moves than any other fighting game. So many great times I have spent Wrestling as Tina, trying to finish the match with an Inverted Piledriver.The D.O.A. Ladies deserve more than a mention, I adore each lady and would never change anything about then. fighting with such beauty brightens up my day. Lovely outfits, gorgeous faces and perfect bodies, that is a K.O. combo!"
76561197973744917,Recommended,311730,15152993,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,marathonman,"Great game. Port runs fine. People need to stop crying.If you have never purchased DOA before, this game will be worth your time."
,Recommended,311730,15148931,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,enigmaCode,"yeah, i know so many negative reviews about this game.but, i'm just a normal Male guy, who loves 3D Girls.and, I love Bouncy Boobs.."
76561197999423205,Recommended,311730,15151002,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,RisTanA,"""$110 DLC Jiggle Simulator 10/10""-IGN""Like Skyrim with japanese girls""-Gamespot""Game of the Year""-Paid Metacritic Reviews""Worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever 1/10""-Metacritic User Reviews""Two Thumbs Down""-Steam Reviews"
76561198035983114,Recommended,311730,15168472,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Sidiator1,"Yes there is no Soft Engine. And yes, two Stages are missing(but there are many others and they look really good ;) And yes the DLCs are much too expensive(but you dont habe to buy them, there are many other costumes). And yes it is a pretty good game! Can't understand all this negative criticism. And its all about the soft engine, the two stages and the (at the moment) missing online mode, and not about the game itself. This is my first DOA game, and I was also disappointed that the soft engine/stages are missing, but the game is really good though. And I paid 34 euro for the game which is much cheaper than the PS4 version. It makes a lot of fun and the graphic and the gameplay is just nice :)Result: It is a good game, give it a try ;)"
,Recommended,311730,16423252,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Zippy_62,"A long time ago, I saw DoA in the Update News pop-up after I finished playing a game, and it somehow got me interested in getting a fighting game, so I tried out the Core Fighters version on my friend's PS4, and decided to buy this game, at the time, it hadn't come out yet, so I pre-ordered it. Unfortunately, there are too many negative reviews that complain about things unrelated to what they thought about the gameplay, like DLC price, lack of Soft Engine, etc.I can say from experience, that this game might be quite hard to set up, for me, I have to do a somewhat complicated routine involving third-party software and unplugging my keyboard every time I want to play, but if you want to play, you will find a way to play it, if not, you can refund the game. For the DLC price, a good solution is simply not buying it, since it's just cosmetic items, and I don't really think that we're missing out on anything without the Soft Engine, the graphics are fine without it. Surprisingly, the game runs well on PCs way below the minimum requirements, (I've run the game on a PC from 2007 with an Nvidia GeForce 8800GT and an Intel Core 2 Quad Q6600 @2.40 GHz with no lag or anything) the only thing I don't really understand is the lack of new stages, but whatever, I don't really care about that.TL;DR, try the game, it's fun, can run on almost any computer and it's currently 50% off, at 21.99. If you don't like it, you can always get a refund."
76561198039537352,Not Recommended,311730,15134869,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Guess5050,"I will be honest. Before I started playing this game, I was disappointed by Koei's decision on missing the extra stages and implementing mediocre PS3 particle effects. I don't care about port not having Soft Engine. It's a fighting game, missing extra boob motions and lighting doesn't really bother me.Anyway, I decided to give a game a serious try before making a review. But playing the game further disappoints me.My rig is:i7 5930kSLI GPU G1 GTX 98016 GB RAM DDR4Win 8.1 ProWhilst playing the story mode, I experienced multiple crashes during the cutscenes. It gets a bit annoying having to restart the game so many times just within such a short time frame. I don't think have a toaster machine. So it's disappointing to have this issue.My FPS is most about 60 during fights but that sometimes hovers about. So it's not stable.Given I am experiencing these problems, I wouldn't be surprised people with weaker machines are having more difficulty to run it.Now, I tried to give the PS3 particle effect a try. It just feels 'meh' and unimpressive compared to PS4's effect. Compared to PS4, the PC particle effects deliver subpar impact feel. To me, this adds value to a fighting game.This experience coupled my initial disappointment concludes I can't honestly recommend this game at the current state.It's a double strike: they messed up on fixing game crashing bugs and gimped content.Koei doesn't deserve pc gamers paying them the full price. If you're interested about the game, I recommend you get this game during a sale, definitely not at the current price."
76561198052294930,Recommended,311730,15199220,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,McKoc,"Honestly, i understand why everybody is raging about not getting a ps4 port. It feels like discrimination.Nevertheless, this is a fun game. The graphics are good (Go on youtube and look for videos that compare the pc version to the ps4. I cant decide which one is better. )Apparently, 2 Stages are missing, but this doesnt hurt so much since there are enough stages there.The prices of the dlc are way too high, its true. But who cares? I dont need those costumes, and neither do you.just get the game and fight a few rounds. no big deal."
,Recommended,311730,15230174,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,dave,"I've played all of the DOA games (including the volley ball crap) and this is by far the best one. Sure, it may be an imperfect PC port, but it is what it is. It's the newest DOA and it's on Steam. What more could you ask for?"
76561198015496670,Recommended,311730,15229447,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Legato2400,"Its the best fighter and now its on the pc for the Master Race, nuff said."
76561198160868511,Recommended,311730,21145477,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"Even taking into account the shortcomings of the PC port,some of which have already been patched,Dead or Alive 5 Last Round remains an excellent fighting game,just stay away from it's overpriced DLCs."
76561198030364428,Not Recommended,311730,25940842,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Darkulime,"no story mode, lock screen , limited characters wtf O.o do you think this worth ? $1"
,Recommended,311730,25298438,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,L81,"This games always fun to play, other than some Weird Xinput Problems DOA5 has been a joy to play with friends."
,Recommended,311730,16451826,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Super Meany Meamie Boi,"Little to no graphics option, framerates more unstable than Ted Bundy's mentality, missing content, months of waiting for online mode (still unavailable by the time of this review) , inferior to the Xbox One and PS4 versions in almost every way, but still remains an amazing fighting game. Really though, even with a lot of flaws this game is really fun. It has a combat system even more complex then Street Fighter, but anyone and I mean anyone can pick up this game and have no problems. The Pros just make it unbelievably satisfying to watch. It's also a 3 button fighter. Plus this game has waifus that are kawaii as ♥♥♥♥. P.S. What I said about the framerates is probably the biggest exaggeration in history."
,Recommended,311730,16592597,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Gdє ^,NO lag No Crash not anything.. got it on ps4 also.. and i have to say it works better on pc.. realy suxx that there is no online yet though... and the graphics are a bit different i think but i´m to lazy to plug it to this screen to compare^^
76561198079220387,Recommended,311730,16458747,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,rallochness,"Playing this game for less than a measly hour, and I see I'll love playing this game for the future hours to come as it has such good graphics (and once I get the controls down).  It was would have been worth the full price (but got it on sale)."
,Recommended,311730,16457514,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Citrus,"Pretty decent fighter. Very fluid controls without making it a ""mash to win"" type of game.There's 2 stages missing and the ""soft shader"" but it is possible to mod the game.Go grab it before the sale ends. It's not worth full price. Online is apparently being added at the end of the month (finally)."
76561198069716626,Recommended,311730,16444232,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ww200d,"Graphics are OK, game is running smooth, costumes are freakin EXPENSIVE."
,Recommended,311730,16541517,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DonsSword,"A great looking edition of DOA5 with a large variety of costumes to unlock, lots of settings to tweak, and fast seamless gameplay. If DOA's fighting gameplay is your thing, this is the PC game is for you.Runs great on my i5 with an NVIDIA 750 1GB video card."
,Recommended,311730,16541577,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,翔,Great way to spend time with another player
,Recommended,311730,16541651,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Tuxadracles,"I know, I know this game at the moment doesn't have online, the Soft Engine or any frills from the PS4 version but, it is still a worthwhile purchase. This is the first entrance Dead or Alive has had on PC I believe and I think it definitely has its problems such as extremely high priced DLC which I dare not purchase as well as no online but it has some fun single player content such as combo challenges, survival, time attack, arcade and a story mode. If that's not enough to satisfy you it also has an amazing cast of characters, female focused which can be a negative depending on the person and some strong male characters as well. The story isn't the best however, which is to be expected since gaming isn't heavily dependent on the story and more on the mechanics which this game accels at. Rock, paper, scissors is how this game works and it's not a Tekken clone as well. It feels lighter and faster and with the counter system long strings can be broken which helps balance the game. Anyways that was my opinion. I feel like it's a good purchase as to why I used my hard earned cash on it. I hope this provided some insight to you fellow gamers."
,Not Recommended,311730,25153151,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ebzzry,My worst purchase.
,Recommended,311730,31616732,Posted: 7 May,all,MERCURIUS FM,"A fun fighting game. Good for DOA fans, or fans of other 3D japanese fighting games. The reviews are very pedantic on this game. All you need to do is buy the ""Dead or Alive 5 Last Round (Full Game)"" for 40 bucks and it unlocks all the included fighters. The rest of the DLC available are just vanity items such as skins and costumes. Theres also a couple of specialty fighters available which can be purchased for a few bucks. Overall, its a fun game. The idea of a F2P fighting game might just be too progressive for steamers. As with most F2P games, you get very little for free (but its still fun) and theres a fee which includes the bulk of the game content. and then tons of vanilty items to monetize the game further for people who really love the game."
76561197981083082,Recommended,311730,15148669,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,TheGothman,"Ignore the loads of bad reviews.  Maybe the game had glitches on the release day but its 3/31/2015 and I haven't found any glitches or problems with the game. Granted there really aren't any graphics options to set from low-high other than shadows and AA so it may play poorly if your comp needs an upgrade.  It plays butter smooth on my value/budget gaming rig and looks fantastic!  I have not experianced any of the problems other gamers have mentioned in their reviews.I am perfectly fine with them releasing the game 3 months before they can get multiplayer working.  I'm just glad we finally have a dead or alive game released on the PC that works great!  I hope more console exclusive developers decide to release to the PC, even if they only have the know how to port their game over, as long as it runs good I'm glad I can enjoy the game from my PC.  Local coop and vs the CPU works great.  I love the team mode where you have 6 some characters on your team.  The game is much more enjoyable if you set the health to high since its easy to get the opponent stuck in a streak that will take half their health when playing at normal health.  I can't wait for the developers to release online multiplayer!The devs need to add more resolution options, but playing at 1080p still beats the hell out of playing on a console and scaling 720p to 1080p and what not.My only complaint is the costume sets are outrageously priced, but I expect they will drop the price significantly as new packs come out and for holiday sales, so whatever. The game is still worth it. BUY IT!Here's my specs:amd 4.0ghz 8 core cooled with corsair h100iamd 290 cooled with a corsair h90ish or h80ish that I installed16 gb of ram at 160030"" monitor at 2560x1600 gaming at 1920x1080 in fullscreenusing amd catalyst control center driver version 14.301....wired xbox 360 controllers"
76561198002919592,Recommended,311730,15147417,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,edward arrg,i like it
,Recommended,311730,15155644,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Antilli,"First and foremost, this game has been the victim of bad PR. Most of the negative reviews on here are being drama queens. I'll try to give as unbiased a review as possible, both for people who are new, and for the ones that already have the game.Pros+ System requirements are lower than what you'd expect+ Stable port, which means it runs very smoothly during gameplay+ Nice visuals, superior to all console versions in many (but not all) ways+ Diverse fighting styles+ DIverse characters+ Has a story mode which is above average for fighting game standards+ Three VF Characters available+ First full 3D fighting game on PC+ Fighting mechanics are quite deep+ Save replays+ Training mode can display frame data and other details+ Tutorial can help new players+ Interactive stages+ Has support for Xbox 360 controllers (Haven't tested others)Cons- Can't map keyboard buttons- Although visually superior, the game is missing the Soft Engine and particle engine of the PS4/XB1 version. These engines would allow for ripped cloths, better 'boob physics' and more particle effects. Has no influence on gameplay though.- Misses two stages from the PS4/XB1 version- Online is missing for now. This was announced a long while before the game was released. It will be patched in within three months.- Limited character customization in terms of cloths etc (mods remedy this obviously)- Additional costumes are overpriced, being almost twice the price of the game itself- Changing your Steam name makes you lose your saves- No achievements- No steam cloud- No controller rumbleVerdictIf you like fighting games, and don't have an XB1 or PS4, this is a must buy. The cons are there, but they are not game breaking. Most of them fall under the 'nice to have' category, rather than being mandatory. And the online, which is a must to have, will be patched in soon enough. The 10% discount will be removed after online is patched in, so I'd buy it now if you can.The system requirements seem a bit steep, but it's not that bad. Your CPU is quite important because the game is quite CPU bound, so don't expect to run it if you have an old Core2Duo. Graphically, older GPUs should do fine. I can run the game at 1080p/60fps with my HD 6850 with SSAA2x and 2048x2048 shadows. This is almost max settings."
76561198049209025,Recommended,311730,15276874,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Shadowcat1001,"I see a lot of unhappy people that have got the game. And some of it is understandable. An ingame manual would have gone a long way, and some more setting options being on PC and all.But I'm pretty happy with it. The biggest thing being is that it came to PC in the first place. I have played all the DoA games over the years on lots of different console. But stopped once the next gen consoles came out (Xbox one/ PS4) so I'm really just happy to be able to still playing on PC.Sure there is stuff that could be improved on, and hopeful will be with updates. but as far as their first PC release I think it's pretty good. It has only crashed on me once in story mode ( so pretty good, I don't think I have ever had a PC that has never crashed), looks great and is still good fun.I think there is a bit of nit picking and people are looking more at the bad than the good. A shame."
,Recommended,311730,15171777,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,RAZERKhas,"I pretty much like this game, sad the 2 stages are missing and the DLC's prices should be reduced a bit ... but overall, as I said i like this game."
,Recommended,311730,15244132,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,MeepoGod,how do i get the preorder bonuses?
,Recommended,311730,15148193,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Tahru,"Having not played this on other platforms I found it fun for a fighting game.  There is a story, but not a great one.  I won't count that against it though.These are my main concerns:1) I expected a 4K (or at least a 2K game).  This game will not even go full screen.  There are no video adjustments at all.  THis is buy far the most disapointing part because that is why people play games on PC's over consoles.2) The keyboard setup which is not configurable and they chose unusual keys for the combinations.  Not a big deal though.3) There is no instructions during the game about combinations are anything.  Not that it matters, since almost everyoen knows how this goes.Mainly, I am disapointed by #1.  I will give it a pass because it does work and it is the right game for the genre."
76561198043665541,Not Recommended,311730,32362189,Posted: 12 June,all,Kyoudo,"The is the most attrociously♥♥♥♥♥♥rip-off of a game I have seen to date, there is no possible way that any game that has been released in the last 2 decades could even possibly come close to the absolute scam that is Dead or Alive 5:Last Round. Not only is the game basically being locked behind an obscene paywall many many times larger than the initial value of the game on release, the response of controller and keyboard/mouse are both absolutely garbage for a fighter game."
,Recommended,311730,19090078,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,泷恶魔(dota新号418902806),"Despite the expensive costumes, this is still a really good fighting game! The inventory fighting system could be very chanllenging. When U defend and try to fight back, U have to guess the enermy's move like upper or lower attack.  Luckily I can enjoy online mode on PC, or it would be less interesting..."
,Recommended,311730,15303028,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Chuan Horse,"Well...why do I recommend it with all the flaws it has? Sure it has a stupid keyboard system, pure textures, soft engine dropped, over priced DLC, and all the other hoohas. But think about it, this game was a console game and unless you have a console, this being on PC is already pretty decent! Sure you might argue that one should give their best when porting any games to PC, with PC gamers being the largest gaming group compared to consoles. DLCs are just accessories, not mandatory for the game to run probably, Don't like the controls? Adapt to it, no point crying about it. In fact fighting games are meant to be played on controllers/joysticks not keyboards. For me who never got to play a single DoA game since the first one, it being on PC was a dream come true.Then again, the price tag is not really worthy of a port like this. It should be around 20-30. MAYBE future updates will bring stuff to PC, but unless you are a huge fan of the DoA franchise/fighting games and you DO NOT own a console, or you just want to play DoA on the go, say your laptop, this game is not really worth it. As for me who never got to play a single DoA game since the first one, it being on PC was a dream come true. I will eventually get a console to play it but not for now. I shall enjoy it on PC while it lasts"
76561198009420039,Recommended,311730,15202426,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,JonnyRenegade,"PC gaming is wonderful we get the high end of things or we get whatever we want eventually. Unfortunately instead of everyone being proud that we finally recieved this game they complain about the features it doesn't have and call it a bad port. I am usually a big complainer at these things. But this game has nothing wrong with it. With my GPU it runs 60 fps and the visuals are beautiful. I always wanted this game to come forth to PC because I played on the og xbox and loved the characters and fighting style.If you want to call this a bad port or say its badly optimized then please I suggest you play Assassin's Creed Unity and see what a bad port really is,. People are complaining about that it doesn't have the PS4  graphics or what have you. Why are you all so hasty we are on PC this can be easily fixed with a patch. Look at the game warframe how it has evolved and looks more stunning everytime we play. Let's thank the company for finally giving us this great port fighter, and then lets ask and petition for upgraded graphics and keyboard or whatever else configuration you demand.I simply love this game. You earn the costumes unlike Capcom which you have to buy DLC.  I don't know why everyone is attacking Tecmo. ,My only complaint is in regards to them threatening pc gamers to never port if they make a nasty mod and to respect the characters. I'm all about this but how can you ask for this when in this game you ask for that respect and yet have enhanced breast motion, and you also have a Dead or Alive volleyball game where the females are being sensualized.Very hypocritical. Modding is free advertising and also helping your game stay alive and fresh so more people can hear about it, and maybe give your team an idea.But again PC gamers I ask you why do you feel so entitled? Meaning we do need to check our own group, because we can't just go doing what we want.  If someone asked us nicely ahead of time then we need to consider the creators vision. Dead or alive isn't a sex game it';s a fighter, and although its a lil adult its not to much that you can't play with your kids. It's basically beach type or that girl at work that dresses lustfully yet doesn't want anyone to think she is something else.lol Anyways support this game, and lets get good attention from the devvs to give us the enhanced graphics, options, and let us mod. I am just proud to finally have this game in my collection and that it looks so wonderful!!!!!!!!!!!Correction on my review just saw the dlc prices 50 to 60.00 dollars wow. I hate these dlc practices.This is an old outdated game. The skins don't change anything about the gameplay. This left me baffled.Story Mode update: It was awesome. The cinematics felt so alive, and the story was glued nicely. Nothing complex but understanble and entertaining. Unlike Tekken or Street Fighet where you are like so what's the real ending. I was really satisfied with it. The other thing I love is I can rewatch them in the movies. Ah convinience. Love this game.One thing that sucks big time is no online as of yet. That is terrible especially for pc where it's very competitive on that seen."
76561198037382064,Recommended,311730,15318029,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,DarkFearX35,"easy to pull of many and flashy combos and sexy characters. add to that, beautiful graphics and stages make for an eyecandy. perfect for casual fighters; at least you dont need to mash up all buttons  and analog stick  if you are a newbie; for a change you know what you are doing when making flashy combos; not with chance. this is a beautiful fighting game. you totally don't need to buy any dlc; enough costumes and content included and there hasn't been a game even like this in PC. Kudos to Tecmo where many players unnecessarily criticize them, at least they made a HUGE courageous step when creating a game totally uniue to PC. so when criticizing, look to it from these merits. Therefore ignore the negative comments. moreover, the game also runs very fluid unlike MK9, it's well optimized and if you have xbox 360 controller, there is no issue; just purchase and enjoy... (i played in steam offline mode so ignore the recorded time)"
,Recommended,311730,16756013,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ExcitedLobster,"First off, this port isn't as good as the Xbox One or PS4 versions. If you can't get past that fact, go play this on a console. But if you've been waiting for a DOA PC port, you will be pleased.Downsides are, aside from less than PS4 graphics, they are currently only trying out beta for online multiplayer, and the steam achievements are all locked for now.But the up side? Steam sales. And, if you got a friend and 2 controllers like me, you got yourself a great fighting game and many, many hours of fun ahead."
76561198101964875,Recommended,311730,15202856,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,*~Raid~*,nice game. but bad i cant change buttons to fight.
76561198119814163,Recommended,311730,15314997,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,razgriz,"this is my first legit fighting game that I have bought and played, ever since I bought it, it is all I want to play. I just hope they start selling the costumes individually or in seperate sets cuase i ony want the debut costumes for Marie Rose."
76561198005270792,Recommended,311730,15136612,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,CrimsonAvarice,"Before I get to the pro's and the cons. I just want to clear the air and  say there has been some misinformation floating about. The biggest one is the lack of ""soft engine"" which makes people think this is a ps3/xbox 360 port and not a current gen. That is false, the graphics, besides effects, are equal to, or superior if you are playing above 1080p, then the current gen consoles. Soft engine makes the boobs bounce more, and gives off a soft, luminisent glow to the character's skin, THAT IS IT!I own a ps4 copy and the lack of soft engine is not a game breaker at all, I barely even noticed a difference and you can also install sweetfx to make your own version of soft engine if that is a big deal to you.Pros:`DOA on PC! I thought I would never see the day, I am glad tecmo decided to port this over`game runs smooth, 60fps, its 30fps locked in cutscenes, I recommend potential buyers to check the steam forums, there is a thread about pc configurations to make sure you can run it well.` supports 4k resolution`modsCons:-no online features as of yet. I would blame this on Tecmo's inexperience of making good PC ports-RIDICULOUS dlc prices. Either lower it or break the costumes down to indivudual characters or bundles like you did for consoles.- Some resolutions are not supported natively. My 2048x1152 is not supported so I have to play on 1920x1080.- Can only configure graphic settings from a seperate launcher instead of ingame, as such if you wanted to downsample your game from 4k resolution to your native monitor resolution, you cannot do that ""out of the box."""
76561198119560429,Recommended,311730,15332304,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Dirty Meat,I bought this game for Zack.
,Recommended,311730,15232052,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,DeltaDrifter,"Because it works on a decent laptop, meaning you can play while on the road. Keybinds are fine, though unable to change them. Havent used a controller, but w/e. If you are looking for DoA and can wait for online, go for it"
,Not Recommended,311730,26254665,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Timmy B,"I tried hard to love this game I really did. I bought it before it was free, and gathered a few of my friends to play it. It was all well and good. Sure, there weren't any lobbies, but there was never anyone online, so we were fighting just fine, gaining rank, as an added bonus. And then came Mai. I was so excited for Mai. I was hyped since she was announced. But on her heels came the Core Fighters update. And hoo boy. Now there are a bunch of F2P ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s online playing Kasumi, cause they have no other fighters, and me and my friends can't play like before, case there AREN'T ANY LOBBIES. Further proving that TecmoKoei is too focused on fanservice, instead of servicing their fans."
76561198089178404,Recommended,311730,33168024,Posted: 2 July,all,ttvoon,All time favorate fighting game! Just hope still got individual story for each charaters.
,Not Recommended,311730,29390096,Posted: 20 January,all,Shawn Marrster,Controller bug.I cant play it. Some stuff work with keyboard. Some with my xbox elite controller.sad
,Recommended,311730,18774298,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ryzl,da bes
76561198074778377,Recommended,311730,16422370,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,HD Road Glide,"doesn't support 1440p and theres no online multiplayer mode, also they♥♥♥♥♥♥you on DLC  Playstation has multiplayer and you can buy each costume seprately"
76561198121012495,Not Recommended,311730,29309354,Posted: 16 January,all,SnowConeMonster,"Ok, the 3ds one is incredible but this one was sorta meh..... I bought this game twice and refunded it twice... and the DLC!? Way overpriced and I have spent alot on DLC before"
,Recommended,311730,22592252,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Zero_Mp7,But I need to know the controls as in which button to click for punching kicking etcetc that's the only downside but I like the game because of its nice graphics n also nice songs
,Recommended,311730,19380567,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dante,Not Bad
76561198038484415,Recommended,311730,20686686,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,phalgen,"I have played all DOAs, I grew up on them and I love the fact they have finally added a PC DOA!!! OMG!! But, that said, I will not lie and say this game is problemless! For one, the game is missing the stages , graphics and costume features from the console games. Online has finally been added and the game gets updates on gameplay and costumes but, after talk about modding I believe what they were trying to keep people from doing was, making their own costumes. Their chracters sometimes are practically naked (the women) so I doubt that was it. If you have played the other DOA games, I can say the character models are the biggest change of the game, characters have their own body types now. Unlike before you got numbers for bust and hips and stuff that pretty much looked about the same through each lady. The men also have changed not only getting a different shape but they made them have butts. They used to be all flat, the women too, and now they actuatly look muscular or built or slim in various ways. The story is not exactly engaging but, If you have not played any of the other games, the only person out of place is Raidou who does not have any team throws with his Daughter (Ayane) or Rivals (Other ninjas). It's like they do not know each other. Anyhow, Online play is a bit laggy and cheaters do exist so often it is sometimes not fun to play online. Costumes are released for the pc port but without the stages, the costumes seemed to be lack luster. New tag stages need to added or at least a stage change for survival since that is one of the places you will be spending most of your time if you want titles. But, I do like the game and recommend you buy it (on sale). The costumes sometimes go on sale too but, I think I would buy stages more freely to be honest. The womens' costumes out number the mens' three times over if not more btw since they have always been the focus for their sales (reported to be the public demand)."
76561198057769383,Recommended,311730,20727472,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Wolf Dogg.,"feel unfinish for pc. but love this game. if ur hoping to fight online, dont buy it cuz the online system is fked up and got no one to play with. but its so great when u got a local party to play with. inv some friends to come by and play. if u got any lol(6/27)PS: new online system doing great now! go for online fights guys!"
76561198017117599,Recommended,311730,15162218,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Diomedes,"Das spiel ist an sicht nicht schlecht. doch es hatt keine wirkliche story und man kämpft nur, allso nicht das ich was dagegen hätte aber das ist mein erstes deat or alive und hab einbischen story erwartet ^^ doch eigentlich ist es ein lustiger zeit verdreib"
76561198083307173,Recommended,311730,15163159,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,cash_money10,"Great game, 5 stars !!!"
76561198075760042,Recommended,311730,15148711,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,mo0ody,best boob fighting simulator i've ever playednow lets hope they release doa xtreme 3 on pc :)
,Recommended,311730,15153709,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Fufunette,I'm fan of this game. =)
,Recommended,311730,17496599,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,zargo_zore,"Sometimes you want to just sit back and relax and kick some @##! That is what DOA as always been for. You don't have to look up fancy moves and super mega combos to get good at this game (althought those options are available if that is your thing) I kinda just learn the game as I go along.    I was a huge fan of DOA2 Hardcore on ps2 back in the day and ps2 was probably the last time I was in the console wars race before I went full on pc gamer.  I've always missed that little something called DOA on PC and I am very glad they decided to bring this over.  Not mad at all.  The game play is smooth on an  i7 / gtx980  I've seen no issues on max settings and I think it looks more than good enough.   Also note I'm currently playing on Windows 10 with no problems at all.  Ignore the bad reviews, get this game, set back, and kick some stuff. You won't be dissapointed."
76561198008263533,Recommended,311730,17599973,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Kalnaf,"Despite all the setbacks, i love doa5 on steam.I mean, Ive never had a console all my life and unlikely to have one in near future. For me, steam version was a godsend.Just being able to play this on pc was a satisfaction enough form me.And hey, its their first time tackling a pc version of the series, so many negativities are fairly understandable imo.I just wish they could release a steam version of DOAX3 also."
,Recommended,311730,18829330,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Reddsinz,This game is awesome and absolutely worth full game price.People complain that the DLC is over priced but it is just costumes that do not effect gameplay only change the aesthetics of the characters so wait for sales if your unwilling to pay the asking prices. I love this game more so than any other fighting game.
,Recommended,311730,18850696,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Kaisendon #notplaying,"Even though there are bad reviews, Its still a good game. I see nothing wrong with it, the storyline is good. You can even play Multiplayer though there are no one to play multiplayer with you since the bad reviews, but overall its good"
76561198192601214,Recommended,311730,26165041,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,waewae99,videohttps://youtu.be/9rPA0Cmglgshttps://youtu.be/YmIVN6SZgXY
76561197962065272,Not Recommended,311730,15136883,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,lizardmech,"Seems to be a decent port. I have the PS4 version as well, graphics are a little different on both platforms. PS4 has a better skin shader and a few extra particle effects while the PC version has supperior anti aliasing and texture filtering.The lack of online is an issue for people, I like the convenience of having quick access to it on my PC for practice however if  you don't own it on another platform with multiplayer it's certainly limits the playability until they patch it in later. I see people complaining about the lack of steam achievements, however the game does have it's own achievement system built in which people display them in multiplayer matches when they add them.Performance wise I have no trouble, the game does depend on a single CPU core so it is only influenced by clock speed, in some cases i3s and older AMD chips will out perform i7s in a laptop. I can't get it to drop frames on a 3.6ghz AMD cpu, so I would imagine any intel core series over 3ghz is safe.It's pretty easy on GPUs, I can easily run 4k with 4x SSAA on a single r290x gpu.It's sort of difficult to review it as they have yet to release the multiplayer part. As is it's probably mainly interesting to existing players who want quick access to the game on PC, it does load a lot faster than the console version if you're switching around training modes and characters. It might have been a better idea to use early access for this game, I can see how people could accidently buy it assuming it has muliplayer running, however they were upfront about multiplayer being added later in the description.***********Updating review as multiplayer patch has been released.Multiplayer does function to some degree however basic features from the PS3 and xbox 360 versions are missing.The majority of content released for the game post release does not work with the PC version, no attempt was made to inform customers that if they purchased the PC version that they would miss out on upcomming content and functions.DLC does not function the same way as the consoles, if you buy any DLC it will not be visible to people in multiplayer unless they bought the exact same DLC.It's unclear if development will continue but at the moment the game is incomplete and not what any reasonable person would expect to get based on how it is advertised."
,Recommended,311730,33239548,Posted: 4 July,all,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,€1200 DLC...But the costumes tho ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198245886674,Recommended,311730,29842596,Posted: 11 February,all,wushuangxiaonainiu,maryrose is so cute
76561198065560688,Recommended,311730,29850513,Posted: 11 February,all,A Man who Land a wild,"Less talk, more action."
,Recommended,311730,32441202,Posted: 15 June,all,Angry Fish,good game but no 21:9 support :(
76561198059919166,Recommended,311730,15150542,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,เด่นดี,10/10 BOOB EVERYWHERE
,Recommended,311730,15183622,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Protos Ω,"Before I start this review, I have been playing Dead or Alive since the PS2 version.Dead or Alive 5 Last Round PC Edition is an interesting beast. On the one hand it has the largest character roster in DOA history, and a huge amount of unlockables, but on the other the DLC is insane (not in a good way), and there is currently no online mode.The graphics can be tweaked with mods such as GemFX, and actually I personally felt that the PC version looks visually better than the PS4 version (which I played prior to the PC version). The framerate stays on 60 on max settings easily on the below specs at 1920x1080:Windows 7 64 bit ProfessionalIntel Core i5 2400 at 3.1GHzAMD Radeon R9 270X 2GB16GB DDR3 RAM(So nothing absolutely insane)Gameplay: Absolutely no slowdown. Extremely responsive controls using an Xbox One pad (Pause button is clicking the Right Stick for some weird reason...).Sound: Same as the Console Versions.DLC and Online: OK, kinda sucks no Online, but the AI is still a competent alternative until it comes out. DLC on the other hand, my problem isn't that it exists, or how much it is, it is just that I would have liked the packs to have been split like on PSN. Maybe wait until a Steam Sale for these.In my country, this game sells on console for $70 on PS4 and Xbox One, $40 for a cut down version justifies the price.Is this the definitive edition? No! But it isn't horrible for what you are paying for. I am hoping tools for mods will be released to make this a more open game."
76561198141491742,Recommended,311730,15150557,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Roy,Love this game sure a little laggy especially with cutscenes but still works fine just needs a few updates that's all I enjoy it overall.
,Recommended,311730,15180964,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,skatcat,"Dead or Alive 5: The last let down.Dead or Alive is a great game series similiar to Virtua fighter in that it is a 3d combo and juggle bases fighter without motion or charge characters. It comes down to skills, timing, and memorization of the move list to really get the combos you need to win. Has a pretty decent challenge and a final explination to the whole Kasumi Is A Clone storyline.Pros:+Good fighting engine+Tons of replayability+Finding out combos is fun+Tons of things to unlock+Huge roster of unique fighters+Tag team is pretty cool+Strong AI on harder difficultiesCons:-Short campaign mode, compelted in under 2 hours(fighting game though)-Glitchy-Slows down at times even on a great computer-Prone to input lag-no online(yet)Would I recomend it? Only if you don't want to buy antoehr xbox to play it. Stil fun but I'm a fan of these types of juggle based fighters."
,Recommended,311730,15182855,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Vampireium,"Short version:Pretty good fighting game. Even more fun with friend's and beverages. Solid 8/10Longer version:Ok let's start with the obvious one's, stuff that's missing compaired to consoles mainly ps4. In graphics most noticeable things are some particle effects mainly explosive stuff when character hit walls and objects. Then there is oh so important ""The Soft Engine"". Honestly, i don't see that much difference in skin texture etc. Next let's talk about two missing stages... hopefully we will get them in later patch and that's that. And about online-play, well i bought this game for couch play with friends so that's not an issue for me. For those people who want online, well it's coming so just hang on.So after all that how's the game. After some solo playing and one awesome couch game night i can say imho it's pretty good fighting game. Many of my friend don't play fighting games but still had ton's of fun with this. We played 1vs1, 1vs1 tag and 2vs2 tag (yes i own 4 controllers for pc). Mechanics in this game as cliché it may be, are easy to learn but need some work to master. Game runs fine, only couple minor slowdowns during some intro scenes but non during actual gameplay.PC info:intel i5-3570K 3.4GHz 4-coregeforce gtx 660 ti 2GB8GB, DDR3 1600MHz"
,Recommended,311730,15398022,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Jin-,Honoka kawaii
,Recommended,311730,15129644,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,J. AV Kimochii,"My specs: I5 2500k (no oc), 8gb rams and r9 290 tri XI play on 4K, smoothly, with graphics at maximum and let me tell you the game isverypretty. No bugs, no fps drops. No problem with xbox360 controller.The only real shame is the lack of multiplayer on release date, but you can still play local with your real friends, that's how real men play.I recommand ++++"
,Recommended,311730,15130104,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,PROD,"Great port, runs flawlessly.Missing some very minor features but who ♥♥♥♥ing cares, it's DOA on PC"
76561197985072747,Recommended,311730,15365432,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Japanese 3D Fighting Game (with very sexy girls in skimpy outfits)I have played DOA games before on the XBox and although they aren't as good as  some other fighting games, they offer enough to make them interesting and fun, and this game is no different.On writing this review we were still missing achievements and a multiplayer mode. However, I have played the story mode extensively and tried arcade mode with a few characters. The visuals look great and the fighting is smooth. You don't have as many of the crazy moves of other fighting games and have to rely mostly on kicks and punches. However, the fights are still highly enjoyable with different difficulty modes to play. There are many characters to choose from and you can also play in tag team mode. The story mode was highly enjoyable and fairly immersive, although it won't win any oscars.You can buy more costumes at quite a premium rate. However, maybe they will become more reasonable in the sale, If not you would have to be a die hard fan to get them.As the game stands it is still worth getting but I would like those achievements to hunt at some point."
,Recommended,311730,15132568,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,im_jelly,Glad to have my favorite fighting game here on steam.
,Recommended,311730,15128497,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Pimp Daddy Llama,"We're finally getting PC ports and everyone else is bickering about other stuff the developer already anounced. A true gamer whether it be PC MastRace or console peasant in all forms would believe in gameplay, not aesthetics (Jokingly asides: it's DOA expect literal waifu aesthetics).  Besides this is a chance to get Ninja Gaiden or any other A titles from others into PC. It's here to make an impact on future ports, not get bombarded by negative feedback, be more reasonable here. No one really cares for cards or achievements, or anything the devs already said wasn't going to be part in DAY 1! This isn't Xbox or Playstation kiddies, if you want a pat on the back, I'll gladly give you one. Finally more A title games, I've been wanting to get back into DOA since I moved to PC gaming, please KOEI TECMO learn from the feedback and don't be discouraged to add more titles or future ports to PC.Edit: Sodium levels is OVER 9000!!!!!!! Whoever found this helpful, you are the hope of console games porting to STEAMOS! We must stand together brothers and sisters, to resist the hate and continue to keep games as gameplay, flashy aesthetics comes in second."
76561198036882626,Recommended,311730,15132706,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Vandar,"It's a good port. It sucks that we don't have the soft engine or the two new stages, but those are hardly dealbreakers. The game runs fine, and I haven't had any of the controller issues that everyone else is complaining about (I'm using a wired 360 controller).The only REAL flaw I've found so far is the lack of online, but that's coming in a couple months, so that doesn't bother me too much. If that's a dealbreaker for you, then hold off until it goes on sale."
,Recommended,311730,15129306,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tjones,It's got some nice assets.
,Recommended,311730,15141115,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Budekman,"the games was good , but the port yeah it's sucks ps 3 port , and the dlc mother of all dlc , i think it's super expensive dlc rather battlefield premium status for a bunch of costume ."
,Recommended,311730,15203800,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Luneko,animey tiddies
76561197983457070,Recommended,311730,15129253,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,divstar,"I have DoA2 Ultimate for XBOX1 (the very first box) as well as DoA3. Skipped 4 and got DoA5 CE for PS3. Then I got DoA5+ for Vita and I must say even though this DoA5 LR port might not look as nice as the PS4/XBO version, it looks awesome and is a joy to play.I am missing the online function the most - the rest looks nice. I do not regret paying 33? Euro for it.If you are Dead or Alive fan or if you like fighting games on PC, have a look at this. While it is not as serious as e.g. King of Fighters or Street Fighter (in MY opinion), it is still a great game, that I certainly will enjoy playing.I hope they improve on the missing online feature (promised) and perhaps the visuals, too. Other than that I can definitely recommend this game (and I know many might not agree, but honestly: I do not care if you agree with me or not).EDIT: (not sure how many months / years later)The other thing that's annoying is the awfully high price for all the DLCs. I understand that costumes, textures etc. don't grow on trees, but come on: 1,+ Euro per costume in a bundle that I possibly don't even want as a whole?The price per costume is a bit high, but okay (considering the prices for them in e.g. ArcheAge are higher yet those look worse). What annoys me the most, is, that there is no way of e.g. browsing through all costumes and just picking the ones I like for certain characters. Like: why should I buy a costume for a character that I barely or next-to-never play at all? Right. Makes no sense.So this is certainly something the publisher could improve on - though I believe they don't care. Still it is my favorite fighting game, because it is very easy-going, yet hard to master and it's only pure button smashing if you play it that way. Also it's hard to play on the hardest mode by just smashing random buttons. Which is why I like this game over King of Fighters, Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat and UMvC3. And while the visuals seem to be less beautiful compared to the PS4 version, they really look awesome (especially after tuning them a bit - there are guids around on how to do it)."
,Recommended,311730,15185390,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,AyuReady,Just want the multiplayer T_T
,Not Recommended,311730,15644055,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Apap,"This will be a 3-part review, first part dealing with the game in general, the second will cover the quality of the PC import, and finally in the third part I'll summarize my fnal impression.<<<The game>>>DoALR is a very decent and multi-layered fighting game, with a large number of fighters, each one with their distnictive fighting style and approach. Moreover, there is also quite a few fighting areas, a lot of them having some limited interaction possibilities (throwing the opponent off a cliff, breakable elements, traps etc.). Also, the triangle system seems to be working pretty well and make it possible for a newbie to start fighting even if they don't know any special moves or combos yet. Still, if you want to master a character, you need to invest some time and creativity. I think the game keeps a nice balance in this regard. The tag team is also worth prasing as it can bring you a lot of fun, especially when you learn how to perform switch juggles.When it comes to visuals, the game is beautiful, even though it is based pretty much on the same engine as the original DoA 5. And of course there are also the female characters and their outfits. We all know that these are the main selling points of this franchise and that's perfectly fine. Unless you're some brick-headed prude or an insecure SJW hipster, you are in for a nice treat of some very high quality eye candy during your matches.It is a little bit disappointing that Last Round is basically just a compilation of content from the previous installments in the franchise, with just little original content. However, minding that so far it's the only DoA game to be released on the PC, if you never have played these games before, everything is new to you anyway.The only major downside of this game as far as I can tell is the frustrating enemy AI, especially in higher difficulty levels. The issue is not that it's too good, but that it blatantly cheats. A well-programmed AI would determine the high difficulty levels primarily by its ability to perform devastating combos and juggles; in this game, the difficulty is primarily determined by how much the system is bent in favor of the AI. Examples of the cheating include: AI always escaping your multi-throws, no chance for you to escape the AI's multi-throws and most annoyingly of all - turning your throw around and against you. By the latter I mean the instances when the AI exposes itself, you proceed to use the opportunity to do a throw, you see precisely that the throw is 100% going to land, but suddenly in some magical way, it turns out that it is the AI that ends up throwing you instead -and with a counter bonus. To be fair, though, it was much worse in the original DoA 5, and in comparison between the two installments, Last Round has much improved. Still, this ""difficulty system"" can frustrate to the point of throwing the controller at something in anger.Also, the hitboxes tend to be crazy at times. There are instances in which either your or the opponent character lands a hit ,even though you can clearly see that there was no contact. It doesn't really happen that often, though.<<<PC Import>>>If I was to jusge this product solely by the way it has been adapted for the PC, I'd say it was a total failure. The way I see it, Tecmo did only the absolute minimum to make it work on this platform. There are no achievements, features are missing, Online play unavailable upon release, graphics inferior in comparison to the console version, and of course, the modding controversy.If you sum it all up together, you'll inevitably come to the conclusion that Tecmo just wanted to open an additional fast income channel with this import:- Half-baked conversion: check- Missing key features: you bet- Dumbed down graphics: absolutley- Ridiculously expensive DLC content available almost from day one: hell yeah- Pleas/ threats to the community not to mod the product, and thus override the necessity to buy the ridiculously expensive DLC to get new content: checkity-check-to-the-AWhen pre-ordering Last Round for PC, I was really excited about the prospect of finally being able to play one of my favourite fighting games on a PC, just imagining how great it would look when handled by a machine with decent specs. You can imagine the disappointment after learning the hard way how much this product is lacking.<<<Summary>>>Don't get me wrong, Dead or Alive 5 Last Round is still a great fighting game and I really enjoy playing it, even though it's just against the AI at the moment and with DoA 5 for PS3 visual quality. That is why I find it very difficult to pass a verdict on whether or not it is worth getting. However, minding the fact that you pay pretty much the same for a PC version than what you'd have to spend for a PS4 one, and yet you get an inferior and cut product, it is evident that this is a rip off and a blatant money grab.As much as I love the franchise, I simply can't recommend the PC version of DoA 5 Last Round. Maybe if they patch the game in the near future to make it at least match the quality of the console version, it will be worth your money. Right now I don't think the current state of the product is fitting the demanded price."
76561198106968473,Not Recommended,311730,15128971,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jahoihoi,"I have bought and played EVERY SINGLE ITERATION of DOA5, so I will be writing from a fan's viewpoint Grab your salt shakers. People complaining that ""it doesn't look good"" or crying for the sake of crying don't know what they're talking about. As of now (March 30, 2015), the game is incomplete. Sure, it doesn't look as good as it could, but it doesn't take away from the gameplay.Gameplay you ask? Well good thing you asked! The online is...offline. Right now, you can look at this game as essentially just the base game. Sure, the boobarus look nice, and the effects do in fact look pretty spectacular. No reason to complain in visual or gameplay department. It's what you expect. Pulling off holds during an enemy string or combo feels great. Grabbing during an enemy  hold to punish them is amazing, and stikes are..yeah you know. You won't get this feeling from fighting the AI.The game just feels like good port of the game, and from the standpoint of a long time player, it isn't good enough (missing content). HOWEVER the standalone game is good if you have never played before or have no idea what DOA is.Even so, I have faith that this game will be revived once the modding community gets to work, as well as the online up and working. I will/may update the review once/if the online play gets implimented.+Boobs+Fun rock, paper, scissors character fighting styles+Sweaty boobs+Decent AI for non-PVP players+Pantsu shots+Roster+Costumes-Online feature isn't up yet.-2 removed stages (from next gen systems)-Making me unlock all the titles and costumes again (personal gripe, but whatever)-Costumes are overpriced as usual.I don't recommend this game to long time fans, but I do INDEED recommend newer players who wish to try out the game."
76561198030600104,Not Recommended,311730,16247818,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,hexcrasher,This game has not ever worked on my PC. Months on and after trying multiple fixes it still does not work. Complete waste of money.
76561198086341174,Recommended,311730,15130157,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Volf,"Beat the story already as soon as i got it...it only took me at least 45min to an hr xDRuns perfect for me but it started to lag a bit then fix itself at the end of the story.But overall it was fun, so gj from me. Team Ninja keep it up. Ill be looking forward to the online mode."
76561198012217951,Recommended,311730,15259837,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,KrimsonXG,"As a new member in the DOA series and an exclusive PC gamer hearing that DOA 5: LR making its way to PC had me pre ordering immediately after all the great things I heard in the past. Now on its release I find myself being shorted content because its a PC port and may/may not have to do with the PC community and our ability to maintain a ""Good and Moral"" position with their characters makes me rather angry.Whether its on PC or console, nothing will stay ""Good and Moral"" and thats just how things are, but cutting content (more than likely based on not trusting the PC community to stay ""Good and Moral"" ) then rewarding the Pre order players with costumes that make the characters practially nude doesn't exactly help you prove your point.Anyway...-Pros:It's still prettyFluid and Satisfying CombatDecent Number of Characters and StagesStable Framerate-Cons:Cut Content (Soft Engine, PS4 Quality, Multiplayer, Stages, and others)Ridiculous DLC Pricing...Seriously $119.98 For Some Costumes?!-Conculsion:In the end, yes I would recommend the game. Even with the cut content, they aren't crucial and simply cosmetic, and Multiplayer coming in a later patch...we are still gipped by recieving a game less than we were promised from a company that had to go out of their way to remove content from a game they released to consoles with said removed content."
76561198052829863,Recommended,311730,23870276,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,matt0871980,"Much better than Dead or Alive 5 version on xbox 360  , the chicks have bikinis unlocked etc on the main game download so more costumes than the 360 had unlocked. Graphics are good enough , not sure about online a lot of bad hype regarding it but offline arcade mode its pretty cool"
76561198075143254,Recommended,311730,15188638,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Farfa,"Hey!!! This game seems pretty good.Ok, we have to wait for play online, we don't have skin effect , etc...BUT :-the gameplay is nervous and addictive-The story mod is pleasant and dynamique (maybe a little too light)-ultra short loading time,-And... The fighters have good potentiel: personnality, charms and gameplay..."
76561197996047514,Recommended,311730,33095000,Posted: 1 July,all,tidus,Pros------+This is my favorite fighting game. Only reason why I bought it+It's on PC. I didn't have to buy a console+Bought it for $15.99 on sale and wouldn't have paid anything more than thatCons-------+DLC packs are way too expensive.+Online battle system is trash+I can't get the demo/view combo button to work in training mode on my controller
76561198057864370,Not Recommended,311730,24548869,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Undead Pedestrian,"Love this game! Decent Fighter and Beautiful Graphics... but what in the actual Chryst?! The DLC is insane! Who can afford this?! I mean the majority of the DLCs are more then the actual game! Why Team Ninja?! Are you hurting for money too?! ...or are you pulling a CAPCOM on your fans?! XD I wouldnt recommend this game unless you REALLY love the DoA games, have several million in the bank, or are just a sucker for the jiggle physics... But still is a fun fighter... if youre a solo player like me :/"
76561198036397399,Recommended,311730,15131931,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Knarwhal,"With no experience of the DoA games, this one is very exciting for an introduction. Moves feel weighty and the fighting feels extremely visceral. I've never played such a fast-pased fighting game and it's very refreshing since other fighting games feel slow and unresponsive. From a purely gameplay perspective and as a newcomer, I don't regret buying this one."
76561197982058541,Recommended,311730,15148240,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Twitchtv pony,This game is suck but that boobs are greatman always fall in love with boobs
76561198107078777,Recommended,311730,15141581,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Nyaruko,Best DoA for pc so far. All the haters should go back to wow
,Recommended,311730,15373338,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Spine,"A few years back, I bought DOA 4 blindly for 360, because it was cheap and I wanted a good fighting game. I was positively surprised by it also containing a lot of... other stuff...This time, I bought DOA 5 because of... other stuff...(BOING!), but was quickly reminded of my other reasons to like these games: fast-paced and fun fighting, quite a varied roster of characters with various fighting styles and the tag-team matches(really fun at a party with some friends and some booze... just remember to be legal first...)DLC is pretty overpriced, but personally, I don't feel I need it (at least not yet...), there are a lot of costumes to choose from already in the game. Now I just need to unlock them all..."
76561197992706303,Not Recommended,311730,18210542,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Nemerok,"I have bought the game 6 month ago FOR the ONLINE and the online is still locked, Waste of time and money.The best way to laught at people, even if you are a customer.Update : They added online FINALY, but i can't play with friend it's random encounter online... You can't host your own game... Still dont buy this game if you can avoid it on PC...."
,Recommended,311730,15131279,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Ninja Style,"Game is great...but i expected to see Marie Rose in swimusuit,shame.For those of you who don't get it...there is no swimsuit for Marie.God dammit,there are swimsuits for every girl but no for Marie?That's faked up,dude"
,Recommended,311730,15197902,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,comcen99,"I owned most consoles from 8-bit till the last gen. Can't say I'm too sad on the missing stages and effects. I kinda used to this from multi console gaming(console exclusives), now this game is on pc which is a plus for me. It's on steam library, no mess with game boxes or storage problems. I don't even need to worry about disc scratch or overheating machines.Although it ain't virtual fighter, but it's the nearest thing to present day which a pc can run on.More so ever on pc with fans wanting to improve their gameplay value probably will google to increase their gameplay values.I highly recommend to get this game.... when it's on a better discount rate.Reasons not to get it now is:1. no online matches till they get it to work(you can't even know how good or bad it may turn out)2. Price too much for casual gamers and 2 packs of dlc is S$112.00?3. Mods are not that many yet.4. There seem to be cases of the game not totally working for some.(wait for updates for these issues or check the forum)5. Unable to change keyboard controls"
,Recommended,311730,23849538,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,I See Starz,I liked it
,Recommended,311730,24705385,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Sunny D,"A Fun fighting game that runs very well. I can't seem to wrap my head around how to play 2D and some 3D fighters, but I can manage pretty well in this game and the mechanics work together to create fast paced fights.I can't speak much for the more competitive side, but I can say that it would take a very considerable amount of patience to master characters based soley on the sheer number of moves and possible combos. Online mode is not very active and I'm told has some issues as well, but when I tried it the game worked fine.The story is pretty dumb, but was fun to play through.There's a lot of fanservice with costumes you can't turn off so keep that in mind when playing the game around friends.Finally, the game is near impossible to play with a keyboard and controller support is iffy, which you'd think would be the priority in a fighting game of all things but ended up being by far my biggest gripe with the game. I'm not sure why or how this happened but be warned that you may need to jump through some technical hurdles to get the controls to feel proper, and may not be able get the buttons perfectly mapped even if you have a controller.All things considered this was worth the price (ignoring the ridiculous DLC). I don't play a lot of fighters but I'm glad I bought this one. The newer console versions of this game are definitely better than this port though, so I'd reccomend those first over this version."
,Recommended,311730,15897489,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Sabo,OMG!!!!! Mode XD
,Not Recommended,311730,15138133,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ZoldaBeazt,not for now wait for sale and  have soft engine on nect gen version for this
76561198047822586,Not Recommended,311730,15134853,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SoulBroker_Pat,"Smooth gameplay if use controller it's fine like console PS3But thumb down for lack of effect on hit and no any steam service(cloud save, tradecards, achivement)"
,Recommended,311730,18148932,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Leonartha,+ great battle game od DOA franchisenice costumes ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)- no online battle (damn)no achivements
76561198026568720,Recommended,311730,16445295,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AbsoluteZero VI,The Best Game EVER !
,Recommended,311730,16708723,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Smug Life™,"A really fun fighting game, good graphics, 60fps during fights. This is not a perfect PC port, I had issues with sound initially however they were easily resolved by running the game's DXSETUP.exe and restarting my PC. This is not as bad as some of the reviews are making it out to be. I played this game on PS4 first and I really can't notice the difference at all.All in all, I'm having fun with this game and I'm happy to support DoA and more fighting and Japanese games coming to PC."
76561197967575010,Recommended,311730,16640534,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Spaceman,"I had some issues with my inputs, couldn't get passed autosave message screen after the intro vids (fixed it by unplugging keyboard before running game, and the game recognized my DoA 5 PS3 joystick and could plug in keyboard again.. had some issues with Street fighter 4 PC with my keyboard and joystick being plugged in at same time).After that I was so happy.. the game looks amazing! I got most of DLC and really hoping for online to come soon!Good thing I'm a pretty big DoA fan."
,Recommended,311730,16990552,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,nexxim,"This game is great. Lots of characters, GREAT story (even though it can be a little hard to follow especially if you haven't played the other games in the series), tons of costumes, playable with controller or keyboard. I love the variety of fighting styles, it feels like a completely different game when playing with a different character. Also, there is an OMG setting for the breast animations so there's that. The only drawbacks are that they STILL HAVEN'T MADE ONLINE MODE AVAILABLE YET. And the DLC Costume Packs are probably the most over-priced things on Steam. Anywho, I love this game/series. One of my favorites in the 3D Fighting genre or just the Fighting genre in general."
,Recommended,311730,18231926,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Ай-ай-ай!☠,"game is brilliant ,like my ps vita version . but is it just offline version?  when i can play online? i confused to recommend for YES or NO"
,Recommended,311730,18075386,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,^(^.^)>,"i like it :D took me over 53 hours to complete the story mode and collect all the costumes.(havent been collecting overly efficient, sometimes i did, sometimes i played just for fun)only thing missing is the online.. which should have been around since june?and the achievements are not working.But the game itself, its awesome! :D lots of replayability! soooo,,, yeah if you like an offline buttonmasher, or something to learn this is your game : ) better even, get an xbox controller and you can play for nights with your brother! :D (havent done it tho..my bro doesnt like the game cuz i beat him everytime xD) whahahwell alright, i think its quite worth the money.. its actually one of the most expensive games in my library but im dont think its wasted money.AND ITS UPDATED! :D achievements are working and online is available as well ^^ hell yeah :D(havent tried it yet, but i keep you guys up to date ;) nice to see its finally there :D)"
,Not Recommended,311730,15460562,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,MedJed Jeanne,without a controller you are pretty much fked..
,Not Recommended,311730,15469840,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,"';,';.',;;'.';,';.';,';.';Noodle","Fell into the dlc money sink model. Good gameplay, key mapping isn't an issue for me cuz i have working 4 working fingers for the 4 working buttons on both sides of the keyboard. Yes my thumb just hangs out there. Don't support for their practice. Achievement hunter and collectible completionist complaints don't apply to me, but they are missing."
,Recommended,311730,16570935,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dasginosis,Boob&Bikini fighting game...No more commentBy the way you must try mod...
76561197977444987,Recommended,311730,22394515,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,EAFPeacemaker,"Ok, well let me start off that I played Dead or Alive from when it more or less came out on the PS2 like, over a decade ago. Then played it on the Xbox. Then I went to the pc and never played it again. Now that it`s on the PC, I jumped at the chance to play the game again after all these years.Now I don`t know what this game is like on the console versions, I`ve heard it`s quite a bit better on them and that the pc version loses some extras. That`s bad.However, played as it is, it`s a rip-roaring fun beat em up! Pretty much in the smae style as I remember it years ago.Plus points:1. Sexy females in all kinds of sexy attire that can be freed up.2. Great arenas with some dynamics to them that change the flow of the combat.3. Excellent male characters too for when you`re tired of playing with the girls.4. Ok storyline.I like the fact that the game keeps to its traditional sexy female fighters routine. Yea, it`s silly watching these women take on tough, grizzled men and somehow able to beat them, but that`s the fantasy world of Dead or Alive and the men of course hit back just as hard.The eye candy female costumes are great and I love how it makes no apologies for it. Instant buy over other beat-em ups (like Mortal Kombat X) just because they are not like most Western cowardly game makers today who change everything at the mere whiff of sjws or fembots whines.They could`ve skimped on the males, but they are well thought out with a good variety. You can choose the nervous teenage boy who literally collapses at the sight of a pair of boobs, to a bare chested oil-worker to an old man to the rugged Spetnatz type fighter who knows nothing but fighting in wars- all with their strengths and weaknesses.The fight mechanics are solid and on the higher difficulties you`ll find yourself more concerned about surviving a fight than staring at the girls as they can give you a real battle. That`s when your muscle-memory comes into play. You`ll be left almost feeling like you had a real fight sometimes. I particularly like how sweat runs off them quite realistically after a particular battle. You can have tag battles and Survival and Arcade mode plus Story mode.Story mode is `meh`, you go through the story and find silly reasons to beat each other up, sons will fight fathers, sisters will beat eachother to a pulp, etc, typical stuff. After story mode is done that`s it. I was hoping you could go through again with different characters and costumes, but apparently not. So kind of pointless apart from doing it to free up stuff.The arenas are varied and interesting from great snow or cliff vistas that have secondary levels to battlefields and secret laboratories. I particularly like the idol god statue that animates and the battlefield scene with the soldier shouting for the fighters to leave the battle- then start shooting anyway!The music varies from your typical rock to some really nice almost theatrical battle music and there are even soundtracks from the original games that I recognised.You can view short vids of your characters and even view them close after a fight.It`s a pulse pounding exciting game that keeps to basically the same mechanic as it was when I played the PS versions over a decade ago, so very easy to jump into. Neither is it so hard (on early levels) that you need to be a StreetFighter Ace to get through it.Negatives?Like I said before I heard you lose a stage and that fighter clothing can actually tear. That would`ve been cool to see.Really negative.Yep, DLCs. This is where I have to give the makers a big thumbs down. There are a lot of DLCs and some I would dearly love to buy, but the prices are ridiculously prohibitive. Does Tecmo Team Ninja actually want us to buy their DLCs?They range from around £7 (not too bad) to nigh £50!! Most of them range from £30- £50 for what is essentially a bunch of reskins. I don`t mind paying standard price for the MAIN game, but hell will freeze over first before I pay such huge sums of money for DLC reskins for a game! I like sexy scantily clad girls as much as the next red blooded man, but I will not be taken advantage of in this way. The brain takes over here!!Their DLCs can sit there and rot. Even half price is till way too expensive. Maybe when the prices go down to about £10 for the most expensive correspondingly, then i`ll consider them. If never, then i`ll never buy them. I just can`t understand their thinking. Boggles the mind. It don`t even make  business sense.However, the base game is good and has enough fighting, arenas and eye candy to satisfy. The males are well portrayed and aren`t missed out. So it gets a GREAT thumbs up."
,Recommended,311730,22534856,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,=StGGC= Commander Rosehip,OH MY DEAR SWINDON! DE BEST GAME EVER! EVERYONE MUST GET THIS GAME! SO MUCH COOL ACTIONS AND MOVES!
,Recommended,311730,15180232,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Kei,"No Ultimate, no energy, just skills of players => that is the best PvP fighter game"
76561198060770339,Recommended,311730,15258080,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,PSYCHOROID,"Very Good game. Gameplay is even better than the console version and graphics are amazing if you combine a SweetFx.one turn down: game suffer from a bug that prevent selecting resolution/full screen so you will have either to create a .ini file to solve this, or download the unofficial tool to repair this (easily findable on youtube)"
76561198220428072,Recommended,311730,15312273,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Benayco,"This game is awesome. There are so many good things about it, and so few bad things. People need to not worry about the little stuff, and not compare it to the PS4 and Xbox One version. Coming from someone who played the original Dead or Alive 5 release game, this is a very good PC version.Just SOME of the good things about the game:-Good graphics-Everything is included from the console versions with the slight exception of two missing stages and a few effects apparently which who honestly cares about? There's a lot of content without that stuff anyways.-Lots of Game Modes-The game is customization in many ways such as with the music, many costumes for the characters are included for the game, the camera mode, the effects, etc.-Great character roster with many of the classics as well as new faces.-The game is 35.99 right now, and it is definitely worth that much and will be worth even more after online mode is added. The game already comes with many stages, costumes, music, and more.-This is the FIRST DOA PC game since Dead or Alive Online which was released and shut down long time ago. It is almost identical to the console versions with a few differences, but it should not be compared to that. This is the first PC version of a Dead or Alive game that was released for consoles.A few MINOR bad things:-Online mode hasn't been added YET but Team Ninja IS working on it and its supposed to be release within 3 months of the game's initial release. When that is added it will be worth WELL OVER 35.99.-DLC cannot be purchased per character or per costume. You have to buy a whole pack of costumes. However, this may  change because for DOA Ultimate I am pretty  sure that towards the end they released DLC packs for individual characters. For this reason, DLC is quite expensive but you get over 50 costumes in each pack(over 80 in one other). So it's not any more expensive than it was before.-You cannot transfer DLC that you purchased for the console versions to the PC version.-There are two missing stages which will probably be added at a later date. Even if it isn't, then there are still already plenty of stages to play on.It really is a great game and is worth the money, ESPECIALLY if you are a Dead or Alive fan. I don't understand all of the negative feedback from people that look for every little reason to say a game is bad."
,Recommended,311730,15314247,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,WeskerBot3000,I don't know why people are getting butthurt over this port>looks good>mods>runs good>mods>60 fps>modsonly downsides are that we have to wait 3 months for online...and we might not get the Senran Kagura costumes...and dlc packs cost an arm and a leg
76561198009560049,Recommended,311730,16824784,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,SirRommel,"The beta is just really.........beta, it keeps crashing, 9 times out of 10."
,Recommended,311730,15130051,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Brandon337,"Dead or Alive 5 ThoughtsPros: You get your boobs and their glorious bounce (Natural versus DoA)Con: You don't get the nipPros: Similar sound quality to the Console versions (PS3/PS4/Xbox360/Xbone)Cons: Not sure if it's me but the English quality sounds meh (Jackie and Sarah? I think was their names; the sound quality sounded less than 192 bit...I'm no expert though so w/e)Pros: Got the extra outfits as promisedCons: Some people report they didn'tPros: Game play feels 50-60 FPS and dips down maybe 50-45 at the end of roundsCons: My CPU was running 100% and gpu 45% wtf hardware hungry for decent visuals (them boobs and man muscles though)Pros: Dead or Alive visuals 1080p looks goodCons: People are complaining about missing ""Soft Engine"" (supposingly makes the skin look softer/better)Pros: As far as I can tell all of the Characters are unlockedCons: Only play the girls though ;)...sorryPros: Not bad pricing especially for the launch of the gameCons: Wished it would of been cheaper-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The game did have it's delays and is off to a bumpy start; thats usually what happens to some ports no?  It does suck however, that multiplayer will be delayed for a while (approx. 3 months...I never do research because why not go with the flow instead of waiting for a day then get angry if it needs to be delayed again?) so you can only play offline with other keyboards/gamepads (do your research lol; this is based off of 30 minutes of playing the game).The controls at the beginning caught me off guard (mouse and keyboard wtffff) but was easily adjustable once I plugged in my Xbox 360's controller (I recommend you exit the game, plug your controller in and then reboot the game...otherwise plugging the controller in will trigger as a 2nd player and be confusing as fuhhh).Reading some of the comments, there are still a lot of issues with the game (something about user names...saves...I don't know; too much hassle to worry/think about no?) so it's obvious that this game is on a bumpy start.Gamers...life is often not (for me usually never) in our favors and we face hardships (y u 2 hard 2 contollz /y u s0 fuhke ugli...etc) time from time. Some games port excellently while others are poor. Some games we never heard of are easy and fun to play while some games we loved on other consoles are broken and unplayble at times.For 36 bucks, you get a game full of pretty women (and I think 2 cute young girls....no pervert.....just a little) and several Mr. Universes (macho men to me.....besides Elliot....pretty boy hey-o!) and you beef it out with AIs or friends (and soon to be online). The soundtrack is pretty good and the graphics are acceptable (looks good to me...though more is always a plus). Personally, it doesn't matter if this game is on PC or Xbox or Playstation...its still a game, and games are meant to be played and enjoyed...never forget that.I would recommend this if you are patient for updates that come (hopefully yeah?).If you wanted the perfect game on launch; then this is probably not for you... Actually, just get a friend to buy it then crash his house and play on his/her PC... :) save 36 bucks...he-he.THIS GAME IS PRETTY ROUGH ON COMPUTER HARDWARE...DO NOT TAKE THEIR HARDWARE REQUIREMENTS LIGHTLY...AMD 8120 @ 4.1ghz ran 100%.... (CPUs vary; I have a wack CPU so if you have Intel or maybe other Phenom/FX processors you most likely will be okay)R9 290 AMD GPU @ 1100/1250 ran at 42%....IF YOU HAVE STOCK COOLING BE READY FOR JET ENGINE COMPUTER...unless you have liquid cooling or performance fans installed.If you guys experience stutter/poor fps...tune down the settings or set your hardware to run in performance mode...(most games for me are set to high quality...never settle for less)-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PS....Some people call certain people certain names because certain people play certain games that contain hot and sweaty certain characters in a certain game...Me : hey I just got DoA 5 wanna play?? : wtf dude just go jack off to pron or go out and get some chicks y u watchin' cart0onzme : wat?? : thirsty !@# lonely pedo -walks away throwin random hand signs and speaking gibberish-me : wtfYou know what? To hell with that hobo; you're playing a game having a good time while he/she can waste their energy yappin...It's your money and your choice; go dominate."
,Recommended,311730,19282507,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Panzer Vor,"I tried porting over a review, but I had to delay the online publishing."
76561198121756933,Recommended,311730,15177584,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,pwaddell4891,v ery fun lots of choices
,Recommended,311730,15177808,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,c.adon,"I have played every DOA released, and this is more of the same. If you like the fighting system of DOA, it's nice to have it on the PC since I decided to not buy a new console. The counter system is much tighter and makes for a more enjoyable game."
76561197961420715,Recommended,311730,15153180,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Gallobrad,"Pros:- This is Dead or Alive- Works on my i5Cons:- No online until 3 months later- Limited display resolutions (I have to run in Window mode, otherwise it's not sharp)"
76561198185095629,Recommended,311730,15175977,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,glez.guadalupe,this is very good game work
76561198013360755,Recommended,311730,18933151,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,WarMachineRhodey,Based off the arcade version of Doa5 so there aren't as many graphical enhancements like on the ps4/xb1 but the game still looks beautiful maxed out. The online is still and beta and only features ranked matches unfortunately. The controls are solid. Official Xbox 360 controller and joystick work flawlessly. All in all a great port. 7/10
76561198002913561,Recommended,311730,15299602,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,And i am Lars....,"Dead or alive is a great franchise with solid fundimentals, most people giving it negative reviews are due to the price of the DLC  costumes.  However a ton of costumes are free with the game so it really isnt that important to buy the new ones.  The gameplay is solid, and i have no issues with my xbox controller.  Graphics are great, its a good game to play while you wait for mortal kombat X"
,Recommended,311730,15332665,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,TheRichness,You can punch AND kick people.  Well not real people...yet...hopefuly.
76561198096175842,Recommended,311730,15336867,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mr. 0ne,This is good fight game
,Recommended,311730,22127341,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,OshiX,"I bought this because it was on sale, last night. I have been wanting it for a long time. But, have heard over and over and over again how horrible the PC port was...it's not that bad really...I've had matches and only one of them has been like unplayable. We're playing online, expect the worst my friends ;) So yeah, as to how horrible this port is as to it's netcode, no, it's not so especially bad. I've yet to play any fighting game with flawless netcode :PThe only things that some times irritate me is that there are a serious lack of options and the game is in a permanent windowed state, you can change your resolution and go full screen, but you have to do it outside of the game. Look up a tutorial.I usually play my games windowed anyways though, because I'm chatting or have a media player open, so it doesn't bother me much. But some times you would like your game full screen...not being able to hit two buttons or just go to settings and select ""full screen"" is some what disappointing.There are no advanced settings either which would help you optimaze performance and visualize. This is a very poor port in that way. It really seems like Tecmo just took the exact same console game and made it playable for PC. They didn't make it an actual PC game.If you've never played a 3D fighter before or just want to play this but are afraid this game is a very very very bad port, don't worry about it, just buy it. It's not as bad as you've heard. It's MUCH easier than Tekken; and if you intend on playing T7 but have never played a 3D fighter, DOA is a much easier place to start than Tekken."
76561198071698217,Recommended,311730,33009905,Posted: 29 June,all,Lyle,i love this game one of my favorites
76561198042446632,Recommended,311730,22160638,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Pariwutto,Recommend buying this game if :1. On sales 50% or more.2. Love DOA  or you are fans of this franchises.3. You have not so bad or not so good PC4. Wanna play a very nice graphic 3D fighting game on PC5. Better if you have a good controller.
76561198041959237,Recommended,311730,18829497,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Kay,Really Like the Girlss.. I mean the fighting art.. 😅
,Recommended,311730,15143987,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Doktor Pablo,"I have all Dead or alive Collections: PS3 and vita and Xbox and Dreamcast Sega *Still works* and nintedo 3DS.I've Tried this and it's so amazing.. i have that controller i can play with that. But some of ninjas needs fast speed like PS3 version, even need some to change screens aswell. but i love it. <3 Best Female Character on game is Ayane, Best Male Character is Ryu Hayabusa, Jann Lee, Zack, Ein, Leon, Jack. These all i played them on my PS3 and Xbox 360, but i enjoyed this PC.5 stars for dis."
,Recommended,311730,15202158,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,太阳Tifa,"it's a great buy. Personally I never really cared for online play when it comes to fighter's so If I do decide to play online it would be my first time with any fighter. That's not to say I'm incredibly awful at fighter's either.But anyways...I love the game for what it is..I don't care about the stages or breast physix even though this game does have OMG mode.  To me it's just silly and unrealistic. The fact that users were complaining about no boob physix a few months back was kinda sad.I am a little disappointed in keoi tecmo for over charging on the DLC and not giving us all the pre order costumes.Then again...this might sound selfish, but I am a dedicated kasumi player and I like what she has. My original plan was to only use the princess costume, but I'm greatful I have a few other new favorites to choose from.I give this game a 9/10. Mainly the 9 because I've been playing doa since 2002 and still love it to this day and nice graphics on this installment."
,Recommended,311730,19343342,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SHITBIRD 2000,"Devs hate the PC community, let's get that out of the way for starters.Dead or Alive 5 Last Round works like the PS3 port because f*ck the fans am I right ?As you can probably see though I've recommended this game and I'm going to tell you exactly why.See, I don't care for the 30fps lock.. I don't care that their DLC is overpriced and some of them aren't even fully working like their console versions. At this point you're probably wondering why.. Or you pressed ""Not helpful"" and already left.. Anyway, the reason why I don't care about these issues is because I've already acknowledged the fact that Tecmo Koei doesn't give a toss about their PC fans. If you're able to get past that reality, you'll have a fantastic, fast-paced fighting game on your hands.I personally love the Dead or Alive series, for the arousal and the standard pleasure it has managed to give me over the years. Dead or Alive 5 Last Round works like the previous games, fast-paced and smooth combat with jiggly breast physics and silly ""Story"" mode filled with cliche that might make you cringe.If you're not familiar with fighting games, I totally recommend this one for you. The mechanics are easy to learn, each character works very differently so it'll be challenging to adapt playing with each one. There's also plenty of gamemodes to pick from to keep you busy. DLC is overpriced (as mentioned before) but it's all cosmetics anyway so it's not like you're missing out on anything really.Besides, the game itself includes many unlockable costumes per each character, no need to pay for anything there. It'll also take quite a while to unlock all of those costumes, so you'll surely be kept busy.If fighting games in general aren't your thing, I'm sure waifus are. This game will most likely satisfy your needs,whatever those needs may be.It's a scientifically proven fact anyways, that 99% of the non-females who bought this game, bought it for TIDDEYS.(Also, if you've read this far and you already own the game.. Zack frightens me. Help me please.)Have a good one lads !HONOKA IS THE ULTIMATE WAIFU HONOKA IS THE ULTIMATE WAIFU HONOKA IS THE ULTIMATE WAIFU HONOKA IS THE ULTIMATE WAIFU HONOKA IS THE ULTIMATE WAIFU"
,Recommended,311730,15128779,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ราหูอม,นม (กุให้คะแนนตรงเนี้ยแหละ = =)แค่ราคาเกมส์ก็กินขาดและยังไม่รวม dlc กูจะไปมีตังค์ขนาดนั้นได้ยังไง จะบ้าหรออออ ถ้าซื้อ dlc ครบกูก็กินแกรบแน่นอนอย่างไม่ต้องสงสั
,Recommended,311730,15130789,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Aion,"Easily one of the better ports I've played up till now. They've successfully ported with and maybe even better graphics than the original ones of the PS3 version and the core mechanics intact.Downside though is the lack of soft engine, several maps and, well, it's a port of the PS3 version and not the PS4 and no online play. Although, the online play will be added in a patch later on.Other than that it's actually pretty great and runs smoothly at 60 fps and another good addition of what used to be console only franchise for the PC."
,Recommended,311730,15128613,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,👻Spoopy Nexus👻,It's pretty good but it is missing a few things I'm not complaining though its got boobs
,Not Recommended,311730,15879920,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,chicken wings,I need to stop expecting good console ports.... especially from tecmo.
76561198150941606,Not Recommended,311730,15163308,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,CRaZyBeaRLeT,I really wish I could get refound. This game sucks without soft engine on PCDON'T BUY IT!!!!
,Recommended,311730,15254979,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DaggerfallNerd,"lots of frame rate issues on 4k DSR, frame rate gets so low, the game has to ""Freeze"" to render the next frame on more GPU Heavy levels.on 1080p? runs fine for the most partReally Lacks proper controller support. Camera mode/Spectate mode has a few controlls gutted even with keyboard and mouse.should have come with all the previous DLC in my opinion, or atleast the debut sets for the Phase 4, marie rose, honoka, and Nyotengu.online mode is coming in 3 months time, good that they are atleast polishing that up.despite all the faults with this game at launch, most are going to be addressed and fixed, and the game is still fun. id recommend it if you love DOA and dont want a console versionand if the publishers are reading this, the price for that DLC is insane, on just consoles alone with DLC sales i am darn sure you guys have made more than double the production value you have put into the game and DLC."
,Recommended,311730,15133621,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,fam5283,"The only fighting game that is accessible to beginers, and yet quite difficult to master; this game should provide you with countless hours of entertainment.10/10, nice work Team Ninja!"
,Recommended,311730,15366865,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,ChaosReigner,"Not terrible, still shiny; but you don't get as much control of the camera during victory/loss poses and photo mode as the ps4... Which is important for looking at... The moves... That you need to study.... For when multiplayer comes out. Also, the story modes plot is gloriously stupid, here's hoping for a DOA: Dead or Alive 2."
,Not Recommended,311730,15638405,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ROK-Lonewolf,Get PS4 and play this game with PS4.
,Recommended,311730,25482841,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mr.Danger,"This is an awesome fighting game. It really deserves positive comments. Let's be honest; almost everyone wants fanservice, beautiful character model and a legit fighting game experience. DOA acquires all these. It deserves a good reputation for its decent combat system and character design."
76561198012210061,Recommended,311730,15130934,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Nocturnalcold,"Over all, I would recommend this game.  Sure, this version has system requirenents listed that are way over what is nesessary It runs fine for me on an i5 cpu.  No it doesn't have all the features that the ps4 has, but at the end of the day, it, juat as any game boiles down to one question.  ""is it fun?""  Yes, It most certainly is a ton of fun!  For those who want multiplayer it will be added.  They could have given us the ps4 port fpr sure, but as it is, the game is very functional."
76561198052296945,Recommended,311730,15132744,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Spartan043,Few thing missing from PC version which is sad and I dont understand why they didnt simply give us the two stages... but still it is one of the best non gory fighting games with characters that are actually look good with fluent movements. Plus easy to control if you have a controler and managable with keyboard.
76561197969418507,Recommended,311730,15129975,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Krang,Great Game!
,Recommended,311730,15130829,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Daniero,"The game has its flaws, but overall it's a good game :DThe most important part which is fighting mechanics is done correctly.Bouncy booooooobs  and many waifus fightin for onichan."
76561198063296845,Recommended,311730,15130648,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,©SEGA,the best game of fighter
,Recommended,311730,15134391,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kinkydefiant,Yes
,Recommended,311730,23331102,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,TysonGT,"This could have been so much more... Online.. barely exists..I've tried going online but the lag is horrific, so much so I went and bought an extra controller and now my feet play against my hands. It's actually an improvement over the online battles as I don't need to blame lag anymore if there is a mock up! It\'s just so much better, wish I had longer toes tho! >.<Other then that it\'s an okay addition but I can\'t say it's better then the others.Get on sale if you can."
,Recommended,311730,23934815,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Protagonist,"The easiest fighting game ever! You don't need to memorize all the combo for each character, all you need to do is to counter-attack your rival attack until you win. :-)"
,Recommended,311730,15133815,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Sgt. Waffles,"Awwww yea DOA is finally on PC. Game runs quite nicely, no issues with the 360 controller. Only bad thing I can say is no online for a few months. Graphics don't look as good as they should but it's a fighting game, as long as it plays smooth I don't really care.If you want a slick fighting game with a chunky roster, this is the game for you. Although you may want to wait until online mode comes out.As for the people crying about 2 missing stages and no bouncy boobs engine...I don't think its a huge deal."
76561197970332665,Recommended,311730,15133970,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,zacharylayne,"Okay, I like it. I'm disappointed that it doesn't have multiplayer, is lacking two stages the console versions have, & is lacking the PS4's rendering techniques. HOWEVER, it's a good fighting game & has very few bugs for what otherwise looks like a rushed product."
,Recommended,311730,15134008,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Rock Holiday,"So far I'm not having the same horrible issues being reported widespread, but maybe I'm lucky or tempting fate by saying so.>The controller works just fine for me so far, though it's true there's no vibration.  Kind of weird nowadays, but that's okay.>I tried changing my name after unlocking something and restarting the game.   My save seemed to be intact.>There's no online yet, but we knew that going in.>There's a pile of expensive DLC on day one, but it's Dead or Alive.  What did you honestly expect?  And it's just costumes, so it's by no means required to enjoy the game.Now, onto the game itself.  I played this first on PS3 so I already went into this knowing what to expect.  Just like previous iterations, Dead or Alive 5 is a solid fighting game that will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ but has difficulty settings that make it playable for noobs like me.Yes, it's full of bouncy T&A which objectifies the hell out of the women in the game.  Again, it's Dead or Alive.  What do you expect?  It's eye candy amid a solid, good, intense fighting game.Dead or Alive is more about punching and kicking than flinging fireballs and smearing blood around.  You will find very little of that here, so if you must have blood, gore and sorcery to have fun, you won't find much if any of it here.  (Not that there's anything wrong with blood and sorcery, I love MK, Soul Calibur, and the rest of 'em.)All this being said, if you're a DoA fan, go ahead and grab this.  It shouldn't disappoint.  If you like fighting games, go ahead and grab it too.If boobs and panty shots, or a lack of blood and fireballs, REALLY bother you, then don't get this game, but that's not what the core of the game is.  It's an absolutely solid♥♥♥♥♥kicking fighter, which occasionally decides to get a little weird, pull down its pants and tell you to kick it harder.I look forward to getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by you all when the online mode launches.  If I run into any problems, I will edit this review."
,Recommended,311730,15133928,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Codebreaker1011,"Hello all, normally I don't write reviews on games but I feel this one needed a little love.  I have been playing this game for a half hour so my review may not be complete.  I can tell you to forget the INSANE system requirements on the main page.  I am testing this game on a 2.4 core2quad with 8 gigs of ram and a nvidia 650 video card and it runs very smooth.  I am using windows 8.1 with an Xbox 360 controller and have not had any issues with the controls.  Do I want the other 2 stages added - yes.  Am I upset that is a modified ps3 version with very few bells and whistles added and not the full ps4 version - of course! But does it work and play well - yes.  I am glad this game is on pc and I do not have to hope a ps3 or xbox360 emulator comes out for me to play it. Hope this helps someone out."
,Recommended,311730,15129725,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Somnia,Awwww yeah.
,Not Recommended,311730,15134642,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,cawfee_addict,The game isn't even out one day and they expect us to cough up over $100 for costumes that should have been included in this game (the 'final and definitive version of DOA5') to start with? terrible
,Recommended,311730,15253122,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Doge,Waifus fighting in cosplay costumes.
,Recommended,311730,15134299,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,James Kay,"Before published I THOUGHT It will be a good game, OR how bad it can be?BUT , CEST LA VIE.Most Chinese players played a Doa game called DOAOL before, although official servers do not exist any more.Y not learn its running experiences  on PC performance? At least there would be no more keyboard changing problems.NThe prices of DLCs R TOOO much expensive while so many huge problems r waiting in a long queue to solve.We need1.Online Mode2.Loggle FPS locking3.Reasonable price of DLC4.Changebale keyboard press.5.Solve Big problems"
76561198397511276,Recommended,311730,34078530,Posted: 7 August,all,Hack_Mode: On,marie rose + nude mode = DOA
,Not Recommended,311730,15941156,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Bolshave Klanish,Pro.- Several mods released online
,Not Recommended,311730,18781710,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Failrunner,The game is fun but I can't recomend it! I have to use mods just to change the graphics and get the game playing in full screen! There is no online for those of you who play fighting games online. I normally don't play online and I did not pay full price or I would be refunding this game right away! Gameplay is fun though.
,Recommended,311730,17190240,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Wilderwolfman,"BUY THIS ON CONSOLE! This is a great game and my favorite fighting game series. Koei Tecmo unfortunately is infamous on PC for releasing bad PC ports (Notice i said ""bad"" not ""unplayable"") and they can use some serious improvments but, at least they work (most of the time ;p).  It's clear that they are Outsourcing their ports to a third party or they themselves just don't give a single solitary FWUACK about PC and are just whoring out their properties. That being said though, it is a great game and i would suggest buying it on another platfom."
,Recommended,311730,15133299,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,BIG!BABY!ZUBAS!,the graphics? TOP NOTCH!!!! that gameplay? SUPER SOLID!!! that purchase.......YOU MUST MAKE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,311730,15132280,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,nothing will be forgotten,For the GIRLS!!!!
,Recommended,311730,15267926,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,AkimboDice,"There are alot of things that KT owes some explaination of. Perhaps the explainations sometime later in the future may clear up some confusion why this port is missing key features that its console versions have. Perhaps not. Either way its still very much playable for me but there needs to be some patches that will help fix issues such as controller compatibility and in addition something else added onto the game for free to make up for their lack of taking the PC community seriously.Other then that i still enjoy the game very much so, however for those that already own the current gen version of this game, i would not recommend it. For those that don't it wouldnt hurt to make this purchase for there is still alot of modding potential."
,Recommended,311730,23916239,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,some weab with moe shit avatar,I like this game very much. Recommend this game if you like fighting game and fan service (Huehehehe).The only problem on this game is the online match...It's really laggy and so hard to search an opponent.Hope the dev fix this >w<
,Not Recommended,311730,15136562,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Logen Vos,"- No Soft Engine- No Cloth Break- No Additional Stage- Less Costumes Available- Previous Gen Effects (PS3)- No Rumble Pad Support- No Achievements- No Keyboard Bindings- No Cloud Support- Delayed Multiplayer- Game was delayed 5 weeks for a lesser quality for the same price compared platforms (read above)- Arrogant developers threatened their customers during an interviewWell, I should have known after their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dynasty Warriors port... But, I simply chose to pre-order because I love DoA. And after hearing this version was a subpar release (arcade version), I did not immediately choose to refund. There's a reason for this: simply to put thumbs down on its steam page."
76561198006756264,Recommended,311730,19685754,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Edgewalker,"Would be brought up on the offshore drilling platform, not knowing who my parents were or what my real name is and never left this place, again.Fabulous/10Totally recommend"
76561198018138667,Recommended,311730,15129632,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Bob F*cking Saget | gamekit.com,"I am starting to think that most of the people with the complaints have never played a DOA game before.i cannot find much to complain about on this port.My computer is 7ish years old if not older with a quad core lower 2.?? Ghz cpu and a pretty cheap 80 dollar graphics card and i am currently running this game on 1080p with all of the given settings maxed out with no issues what so ever.im not too worried about the ""next gen"" (people.... it is now considered current gen graphics if you are talking about the xbone and ps4...) graphics missing, i am more focused on the fighting and landing combos, not on how perfect the breasts are emulated.it kinda sucks about the 2 stages missing because of danger zone brings back some nastalgia but honestly it isnt a big deal.From the get go they had said that online play would be coming 3 months after the games release and for some reason a bunch of morons think that just because of the game was delayed a month that that meant it would release with the online play.... news flash, 3 months is 3 months... it will come and then the online madness begins!Pros:Lots of charactersruns great on my old computerjust as fun as all the other doa gamestag team runs great (vita was lacking it so i was worried about the frame rate for tag team matches on this version)works with xbox 360 controllersdlc is purely cosmetic and adds to the game if you wishcons:no online mode yet but it is coming2 new stages are missing but there are plenty othersuses an older engine but it honestly still looks amazingTHE NEGATIVE STEAM COMMUNITY. they tried to bury this game for some reason."
,Recommended,311730,15132534,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Leon,"The game runs 60fps, max settings with GTX970.  Wired 360 controller works great with it.  The story mode is long and fun.  The graphics could use higher texture and more polygons, but it still looks great.  The music doesn't fit the game too well.  The gameplay is the same old style that I like very much.  Costume damage isn't there, which is a bit disappointing.  At the new price, it's definitely worth it for anyone who liked DOA games before.  If Tecmo upped the graphics to PC standards and didn't cut features, it would be perfect, but it's still worth a purchase for what it is."
,Recommended,311730,29515100,Posted: 26 January,all,陈忠源Julius,The free version of the final word in fighting entertainment - DEAD OR ALIVE 5 Last Round!
76561197984170235,Recommended,311730,18430111,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Messiah,buy the game cause its fun and cost less than the DLC haha XD lol
76561198155938946,Not Recommended,311730,15482009,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Queitst0rmm,"Unless you're REALLLLLLY into pixilated T&A, pass on this game.Honestly want my money back.  Should have just kept playing my MK9 / USF.This game has no online mode, its a last gen port, and the dlc is ridiculously priced.Do yourself a favor and pass on this.,"
,Recommended,311730,16305251,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Saber,4k 60fps Fap Simulator 201511/b10bs -IGN
,Recommended,311730,19810249,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Garland,It costs 400 thousand dollars too make one boob jiggle.
76561197971942320,Recommended,311730,33501836,Posted: 13 July,all,soundman,"It's great with a patch a nude patch!the game itself is nothing new, it's a beat em up with boobs."
76561197987530539,Recommended,311730,15180525,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,daletkine,"After hearing reviews of 'incomplete DOA 5 Last Round for PC, I was sceptical, but having pre-purchased it, I didn't care much. i finally fired it up and it is awesome! I have no idea why someone would get stuck up on some small things to critique the game. It is playable, fun, with tons of content and customization, which you get on PC. Overal, I am glad I was not deterred by negative press.The Good:-Great fighting game for PC-Looks awesome and razor-sharp textures (effects missing are minor at best, and after seeing some video comparisons I can say that I have missed exactly nothing) Just watch some comparison vises to give yourself an idea-Plays perfectly, no lag, or problems or crashes, very stable, great frame rate-Computer AI is tough, lots of options to play-Over 20 stages? There are a lot of them...-Possible modding-Almost all DLCs are already included with Last Round containing all but 2 DLC constume packs. This means every character is highly customizable, allowing great costume match-ups on team play!-The new characters in Last Fight are very well done and are not cheap, silly additions, like the Spartan from DOA 4. They have both personality and great fighting styles, with plenty of new moves.The Bad:-2 missing stages (Danger zone I won't miss, as there is a practically same arena available, with electric floor/walls; Crimson was a good level, though, hope they can add it later...)-no vibration support (I use XBOX 360 controller and don't miss vibration at all, can't say I've ever even noticed it...)In sum, I am very glad this release has come, it includes so much content, runs perfectly and me and my brother were fighting computers in tag all day. It is pretty awesome. I love that it has all constume packs included and even costs less than console versions. Multiplayer will be added in 3 months, but I never played it on XBOX 360 and never will on this one. I will be enjoying this game for a long time!"
,Recommended,311730,22656977,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,mindblaster42,fun
,Recommended,311730,18944450,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Corbael,It's DoA what more can you say about it. The game speaks for itself. The only thing it really needs is more players playing online. It is hard to find someone to fight against.
76561198021757575,Recommended,311730,15323790,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Incipit Satan,"Well This Game Is Getting Alot Of Bad Reviews So Hear It Goes..........The Game Is Fun If You Been A Long Fan Of The Doa Games AND LOVE...THE NICE BOUNCING ♥♥♥♥♥S AND SEXY COSTUMES Witch I Got All Of The Girl..Costumes ALREAY AN NOW BORD WITH IT.....BECAUSE OF THE FACTS!!Story Mode Was Way Way Way Too Short.Dlc Is At A ridiculous Price.There Is NO EXTRA FIGHTING MODES Just Verses, Arcade, Survival, An Time Attack I Think ..There Should Be More!!And THERE IS NO ONLINE FIGHTING MODE THEY SAY IT WILL BE ON IN 3 MONTHS BY THEN THE GAME WILL BE DEAD BECAUSE MORTAL KOMBAT X AND STREET FIGHTER 5 AND OTHER ARCADE FIGHTING GAME WILL BE OUT AND BETTER!! Who Wants To Wait That Long To Play Online!!So Im Going To GIVE THIS GAME A 5/10 RATING IT WOULD BE A 3/10 RATING BUT THEY JUST GOT TWO POINTS FOR THE BOUNCING ♥♥♥♥♥S 2 POINTS GIGGITY!!!!!!!!!SO I WILL GIVE THIS GAME A THUMBS UP ONLY BECAUSE THE IS NO SIDE THUMB BUTTON FOR MEDIOCRE GAME!!!!!I THINK STEAM SHOULD BUT A THUMB BUTTON ON THE SIDE FOR MEDIOCRE..WHO AGREES!!AND JUST WAIT TILL THERE IS A SALE FOR THIS GAME TOO BUY THAT IS ALL!!!!"
76561198128985738,Recommended,311730,15152971,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,mindhunter,so far so good...fun and attractive...maybe it's still unfinish but i think it's a good game...everything's working as its should i think...just wait for the online interaction...
76561198107971786,Recommended,311730,18849986,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Lord_Wolf03,DOA is amazing I cant stop playing it.
,Recommended,311730,15128664,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tomany,"Best DOA Yet.Suffers a bit from poor AA, and some sloppy shadows, but other than that, the game looks and plays well."
,Recommended,311730,15129310,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,j_m_well,"I can not believe the people can make bad reviews on 5 min. played.first time I play this game.I do not have a console.I'm on PC and am glad it has come to PC.as a console port, I thought the graphics are ok.everything on max.I have a GTX 980 graphics cardcpu 4960x @ 4.00GHz32GB 2400 MHz of RAMoverkill. but the game runs really well.I'm not a big figthing playerbut can clearly see and feel that it's a whole lot more complicated. than Magical Battle Arena. which is the figthing games I've played most ..so far I am very satisfied. a ++ from here"
,Recommended,311730,15128802,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,fearldavisiii,"Given that there was no mention of AMD graphics or cpu, I was concerned that I wouldn't be able to play the game. However, I have no problems whatsoever. Currently I am using AMD Radeon A6-5400k with HD6540 dual graphics. I love the game."
,Recommended,311730,15129207,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Mooneri,"I can easily recommend this game for anyone who likes fighting games and have been wanting a 3D fighter for PC, like me.Basics are easy to learn, combat is fluid, each character seem to have a ton of combo moves, which I like, and the game runs very well.The time I've spent in game have been in story mode. at first it was a little confusing, because characters and placeses kept bouncing around the globe, but that was because I wasn't following the dialogue, so it took me a moment to know what everyone was doing.The thing I like, is the on-screen moves list which changes depending on your input so you can immediately see what you should be doing instead of guessing. This also eliminates the need to constantly pause the game to look at moves list only to fail what ever you were trying to do, and going back to moves list to check how it was supposed to be done.Graphics. Oh boy, I know I'm rattling up a wasp nest but, what ever fidelity soft engine would bring, would most likely be nice-to-have instead of mandatory feature in order to be able to enjoy this game. Characters look great, textures on them are good, lighting is spot on, no unnecessary and distracting effects. Tho, textures in background objects could be of higher resolution, during cut scenes, in story mode.To me, releasing a game that starts, runs and generally works great, is more important than features. Features can be added later, bad release is alot harder to fix (PR wise)."
76561198059358921,Recommended,311730,15133606,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,hightime1011,This game is great.  DOA LR on PC is  a gem to PC gamer.
,Recommended,311730,15128256,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,notder,"Almost everything in this game is bad  bad, except loli that's all."
,Recommended,311730,15129064,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,At Least Seven Hipster Unicorns,"Lets get the bad out of the way first. It's missing 2 stages and some graphical effects from the PS4 version and at the time of this review there were no online components (though they are to be added at a later date). A few other hicupts; no cloud support, no steam achievments and no controller vibration (though I played on an arcade stick so this wasn't an issue). On top of that there are a few documented problems such as having trouble saving if you have non alpha-numerical characters in your steam ID.Despite all this I would still reccomend this game to fans of fighting games. Dead or Alive 5: Last Round contains every feature (online aside) you could want out of a fighting game, including a few features I haven't seen before such as making exceptions to random rules. The fighting mechanics feel very nice and are both deep enough to keep you playing and easy enough to be fun for more casual players. The framerate in fights plays at a very solid 60fps (on my mid ranged laptop) although the introduction animations seem to be at a much lower framerate.Graphically it looks very nice too. Although lacking the improved skin textures and extended particle effects of the PS4 version it is still a great looking game and I didn't miss these effects at all while playing.Graphical options are somewhat lacking featuring only resolution (up to 4k) and screen settings (fullscreen of windowed) AA, shadows on or off and shadow resolution. The lack of options is a little dissapointing but as mentioned earlier it seems to run nicely on a moderate rig non-the less.Overall I would reccomend this game to fighting game fans and fans of the DoA series who don't own a PS4. The missing features, lacking graphical options and lack of online at launch are deffinitely a problem but not enough to stop me from enjoying an excellent fighting game with a very generous amount of content."
,Recommended,311730,15129206,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,PeachyBacon,"After multiple generations of console-only iterations (excluding DOA online) the latest iteration finally has arrived on the PC platform.Was it worth the wait?Ignoring the whole fiasco about the whole ""last-gen vs next-gen"" version let's just take a look at what the game offers and how it (currently) runs/plays.For those uninformed, the PC version is actually a port of the Arcade version in Japan. It sits somewhere in between the PS3 and the PS4 version.The big (console-exclusive for now) additions to the next-gen version was having new particle effects and the newly designed Yarakawa engine (the Soft engine) made by TM themselves.Meaning, the skin has a softer texture to it, breasts moving more ""naturally"" and/or ""realistically""and having better collision with each other and the clothing.(*Note: the words ""naturally"" and ""realistically"" are in quotes, because those are statements are debatable :P)Also note that this has no impact on the gameplay aspect in any shape (lol) or form, therefore this did not hinder or diminish my overall experience with the game.Disappointing?Sure, but I can live without since the vanilla version (Arcades) does not have this feature as well (may change in the future) but let's just move on to the general aspects:GraphicsHaving played the console versions and now getting my hands on this version, I have to say that I prefer the PC version over the console version. Not only runs it better but with the added options like SSAA everything just looks a lot sharper over the console counterparts. Unfortunately the console versions were also quite buggy which hindered my experience even further. As for this version I have yet to experience a game breaking bug except the camera glitching out sometimes on a very specific spot on a certain level. So quite stable so far.More importantly TM did a stellar job on the characters. Gone are the plastic looking anime-like looking dolls. They are now redone to portray a more ""realistic"" representation of aliens. Because in NO way can they be humans or take place on earth.Every single character in this game is good looking. The females have perfectly curvy figures and their balloons are so appropriately shaped that Jynx and Jigglypuff from Pokemon would throw a hissyfit over!The males are no slackers either. They either have muscles on their muscles, are also in peak physical condition while not being overly bulky (sleek look) and have the right bulges in the right places that would make your average male question their own manhood.Now if only the environment would get the same treatment. Not saying they are bad looking by any means but they pale in comparison if it comes to detail of the characters. Sure, some of the stages are better looking than others but still (some have quite some low-res textures on them). Each stage has multiple transitions (complete with Micheal Bay-esque explosions) to another part of the stage which you can trigger during battle by hitting a specific place in the stage.Overall, not bad but not great either.Stages deserve your attention next time TM!!PerformanceThe following options available are:Screen settings (Fullscreen, Windowed)Resolution options (4k, 1920x1080, 1280x720, etc.)Shadow (on or off)Shadow resolution (1024x1024, 2048x2048, 4096x4096)Anti-Aliasing (off, FXAA, 2x SSAA, 4xSSAA)TBH, a bit bare (compared to say MK9) but just enough for the average user to tweak. At least it is better than FFXIII (which is not saying much).Performance wise though, the game runs at 60 fps with little to no slowdown.So overall, not a bad port but not good either. Just average, so your milage may vary (hopefully TM will continue to support and patch this game (lol) for those that are unable to play this game).GameplayNow the most important aspect of a fighting game, the mechanics and how the gameplay feels (I hope you did not buy this game just to stare at melons, there are better options out there!!!).The game uses the concept of rock-paper-scissors, meaning strikes counter holds, holds counters blocking, counters counter strikes, etc.It gives the player a lot freedom on how to play each and every character while being accessible to newer players so they don't feel overwhelmed and being deep enough that veteran player has some room to experiment. Spamming the same move or counter over and over again will get you punished if the player is skilled enough!The character roster is fairly balanced. Though some characters are a ""bit"" stronger than others *cough* Bass and Bayman, for example.Having the biggest roster in the DOA franchise finding the right balance is quite difficult anyway (like every fighting game). So IMO they did a pretty good job.I hope they continue to take in player feedback and keep on improving all the characters.Just pick your favorite character, learn his/her ins and outs and just play!As for game modes, the following options are available:StoryVersusArcadeTime attackSurvivalTeam battleFree trainingCommand trainingTutorialCombo challengeAll these modes mentioned above speak for themselves. Clearing all these modes will take you quite some time so at it could keep you busy until the online portion of the game arrives...Yes....The online portion of the game is not available yet and will be patched within 3 months as of now, so unfortunately I can't comment about online portion (netcode, lobby system, match making, etc.)Disappointing?Yes, for sure. At least it's coming and free. Here is hoping is not as broken as MK9 was (on launch) or having no online at all like BlazBlue Calamity Trigger (Steam version >.>).We'll just have to wait and see.Overall, despite lacking the online portion of the game, there is enough content for you SP guys/girls out there.ConclusionHaving read all of that and taking all my points into account, did that look like something you want to experience for yourselves?If yes, then go ahead and buy it. You won't regret it.If you are in doubt, please wait for a sale OR for the online portion to be patched in (ALA the most important aspect of a fighting game :P)If nothing I described sounded appealing to you, you can pretty much just ignore it. Or play it at a friend (JOIN THE DARK SIDE).And most importantly, don't forget to have fun. In the end it's just a game :)"
,Recommended,311730,15128677,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,/r/7kGlobal,"Pros:DOA on PC  -  ✓Cons:Super Expensive DLC ✗Running Maxed - 4k Shadow - 4xSAA - 1080p  [  60 FPS in fights, 30 FPS Cutscenes  ]10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,311730,15129184,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,drunkendan,"CONTROLLER HAS JUST BEEN FIXEDOK before you buy this product or even read my recommendation LOOKIT THIS LIST OF WHAT IS AND ISN'T IN THE GAME◆RESOLUTION: 720P / 1080P / 4K * * 3840x2160 resolution Game can be set to full screen mode or windowed mode at startup.◆EFFECTS: Equivalent to PS3® version◆SHADOWS: Equivalent to PS4™ version Toggle on/off◆ANTIALIASING: Compatible Toggle on/off◆CHARACTERS; 34 Equivalent to PS4™ version◆STAGES: 36 he Danger Zone and The Crimson are not included.◆COSTUMES: Over 400 The 31 new DOA5LR costumes are included. ※Halloween 2013 costumes included.◆HAIRSTYLES: Compatible◆CHARACTER SELECTION: Equivalent to PS4™ version◆OFFLINE MODES: Equivalent to PS4™ version (Versus mode: 1-4 players)◆ONLINE MODES: Scheduled to be added via patch within 3 months of release.Alright with that out of the way, So far baring the lack of online the game looks and plays good imo.(game is based off the arcade version) HOWEVER while I don't mind waiting for online I can see this being a sale breaker for them. I recommend waiting for it to go on sale if this is you OR waiting for it to get the online play.(or both) The two missing stages were not an issue for me(neithe rlooked interesting) Aside from that it has all the bells and whistles as the PS4 version.If you don't have PS4 or XBone and you want some of the missing content the PS3 does not have and have a decent PC I and can get hours of fun out off coach play or on your own; I recommend picking this upIf not wait for the online or a saleEDIT! I have learned about the name change issue with save files. This is something I should note for people wanting to buy. Also using symbols in your name makes the game impossible to save. KEEP THIS IN MIND IF YOU WANT TO BUY"
,Recommended,311730,15129014,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Remsi,"10 ня-каваи девочек из 10!!! ^3^Идеальная оптимизация, идеальный геймплей и ИДЕАЛЬНЫЕ ДЕВОЧКИ!!!"
,Recommended,311730,15129048,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Perriwen,"I, for one, don't get all the whining about this port. The PC community finally gets Dead or Alive, and people are finding the littlest things to moan over. ""It doesn't have the soft engine!"" Whoop-ti-do? So the breast bouncing is slightly less, is that going to ruin your experience? ""It's missing TWO STAGES that were in the PS4 version!"" So what? There's still plenty of stages and variety-far more than either Street Fighter game on Steam that people sing praises over. ""It has no achievements!!"" Do you really need a meaningless badge of ""honor"" THAT badly? ""I can't have special characters in my name!!"" Ok? ""There's no multiplayer online yet!"" Ok? It's coming, are you really going to judge the entire game based on that?Honestly, the game looks very good, it plays very well and very smoothly, and I am finding no problems using my Logitech Dual Shock as a controller with no emulators needed. That is far more than I can say for the vast majority of ports (looking at you, Street Fighter series.) There's plenty of stages, variety, costumes, and good gameplay to keep me going for awhile. So, I give this game my seal of approval. Not to mention, the PC community FINALLY gets a true 3D fighting game. Seriously, stop looking for menial things to gripe about. So it's more like the PS3 version than the PS4 version. Big freaking whoop. I honestly can't say my experience would be THAT much better if it wasn't missing the one or two small things."
,Recommended,311730,34088121,Posted: 7 August,all,Leg Muscles,"It's free to play, you're a moron if you are looking at reviews instead of trying it yourself"
76561198103973881,Recommended,311730,15130874,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Lunararia,"I have been wanted to play this series long time ago and finally it is release on pc with steam, however theres some missing feature compare to the console version but the game is still not bad, i hope in the future the game will fix this problem"
76561198064385271,Recommended,311730,15128464,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Sice,I'm glad I did not cancel my pre-order for this game.Core I3 540 3.07Ghz6 gb RAMGeforce GT 630Running this game on 1920x1080 I got 60FPS with AA off and shadow on 2048x2048.Only keyboard config is a problem here for me but maybe TN or modders willl fix it.
,Not Recommended,311730,15137225,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Club Jarminx,I rarely make a review so for me to pop in on this game means it really gave me an impression that I had to share.Bottom line. IT SUCKS. BADLY. Worst graphics I've ever seen on a newly released game. Horrible game mechanics. Horrible keyboard layout and it's an arm and a leg just to change one single button. Story sucks. Characters suck. Total waste of money.
,Recommended,311730,24457634,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,` BOGZ,"With its♥♥♥♥♥♥ton amount of frame data, this Game is highly technical for a fighting game fan.Too bad, most people don't support it and just torrent it off with their big boobs mod.Even people who purchased it wrote a lot of bad reviews.Game development is all about money talk.Poor sales = Poor software."
,Recommended,311730,16642565,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Illusion PlayHome,"Kasumi, Honoka, and Marie Rose My Love"
,Recommended,311730,16931917,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Cojey,"The graphics have a ""OMG"" boob physics option.10/10 would fap again."
76561198090493026,Recommended,311730,26338270,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Jeff.,SOMEONE ADD ME AND PLAY WITH ME....PLEASEEEE
,Not Recommended,311730,29907865,Posted: 13 February,all,dolan,i had to get my little sister to write this review becuz i went blind when i saw the 1000$ price tag
76561198155926108,Recommended,311730,24201357,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,legion29snake,"I'm no sure to review DOA. I knew this game is good although the graphic can't be compared to PS4. Only get during discount. Moreover its DLCs are overprice. For those like fight game like Soul Caliber, you must get it . I don't have crash during gameplay. It is really sad for DOA 5 would be the first and the last DOA series in PC due some people want to achieve their FANTASY & DREAM. Just get S*xy Bea*h if you want to play that kind of game."
76561198047888422,Recommended,311730,17817137,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,La loche de mer,BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOBS !!!!
,Recommended,311730,15180851,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,flamesv1,"Missing some cosmetic extras but I trust that some game features that remain locked will be patched anyway! A decent port in terms of getting core features down and graphics processing right. Looks stellar with the right setups and options shadows and anti-aliasing looks great. Default controller setup and keyboard mapping are a bit counter intuitive but after you are used to it, no problems."
76561198167724236,Recommended,311730,16027840,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Kasumi,keep fapping on all the female characters here! xD
,Recommended,311730,15179291,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Big T Boss,"this game is a pretty solid fighting game with decent mechanics and the characters have nice ta ta's.what's not to love?Koei Tecmo did not give us everything that the xbox one and ps4 version has despite asking for the same price (and   no online for potentially 3 months), which no matter how much you love this game will leave you feeling a bit cheated.yay or nay?I would still say buy it (when we get online working) because even though it does not have all of the bells and whistles as the ps4 version, it still looks slightly better on PC (if only a little), and it's a pretty fun game.p.s.you do still want a Ps4 controller to play this though, and streaming this game is a bit funny."
,Recommended,311730,15175064,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Allen D. Groove,"Now I can play with Jacky Brayant & Akira Yuki's new moves set from Virtua Fighter 5 on PC!Edit: Dead or Alive, where girls are quite overpowered, Female > Male by far, don't believe me? then try it."
76561197974735696,Recommended,311730,15127765,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Viper,"Runs great so far, plays perfectly with a mechanical keyboard. PC version may be lacking a few features compared to ""next gen"" consoles but it's perfectly fine as it is especially for the low price.Also tested on integrated graphics: Intel Core i5-4570 with integrated Intel HD 4600 graphics is perfectly capable of playing the game at 720p at around 60 fps with shadows set to 1024x1024, 1080p is noticably slower between 40 and 30fps."
76561198068051703,Recommended,311730,15128978,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Sterling Archer,"Animu bewbs, skirts, and pantsu how can you lose?!!!?!But, we still got no online and missing 'dem cheevos."
,Recommended,311730,15129388,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Gungan,best DOA on pc.
,Recommended,311730,15128064,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Shoki,I bought it for the fighting.... I SWEAR!
,Recommended,311730,15129944,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tonkinese,damn good fun
76561198021827061,Recommended,311730,15166398,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Benjamin Tinglewilly,"If you, like me, don't own one of those shítty consoles and can't play the other versions, I'd say give this a go.The only important feature they skipped is the soft engine which makes skin look more realistic and makes so that the clothes can tear and I am a little sad that it's not here, but come on, I bought this for a fighting game, not a soft-core porno.You can't play this game with one hand anyways."
76561198007822740,Recommended,311730,24222983,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,yxpoh,Only get it for the girls in the games.What else you want me to say? :P
76561198019190376,Recommended,311730,16823903,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Draknalor,Has Extremly Bouncy Boobs and Fun Gameplay 11/10
76561198032886405,Recommended,311730,15128089,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,"""ITS ME""Mr.Pro","99 percent of steam users are stupid and immature but i am notso let me tell you it runs flawlessy i tried it on a gpu and a 730m laptopwith a dual core it ran perfectly  it has wierd sound issue in story modewhen it switches from one sound to the next when a character speaks it like a burping noiseother than that it is fine.so if you worrying about handling this as long as your specs are above a dua core, 730mlaptop with 8gb of ram it should run on your desktop."
,Recommended,311730,15128900,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Akayoru,"While lacking in terms of what this port could be, it still works better than expected and definitely deserves a try. It runs on much less powerful machines than listed on official requirements, so it should not scare you off, but if you want to play it competetively wait for netplay patch or sale."
,Recommended,311730,15132600,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,hirua,"Good port of an excellent game.Runs smoothly at 60 fps, no problems whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,311730,15138155,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,TysonL,"This game is trash! PS3 Port! no online ever! it's so bad of a release, they really didn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about PC, to give us a 2+ old game? This isn't ""Last Round"" this just the orginal DoA5 with LR slapped on! No next gen features!"
76561198032081577,Recommended,311730,15132449,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Rolend,Great game
,Not Recommended,311730,20514279,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,unemployed black astronaut,a fighting game for lonely virgins
,Recommended,311730,24639230,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Mudora,░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░███████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄░░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░█░░██████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀░░░░
,Recommended,311730,23643179,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,OldDriverrr,有了这个游戏要女朋友还有什么用
76561198076096157,Not Recommended,311730,16387670,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,celestronpower,Hello! Everybody please help game startup setting not starting and I can’t change graphic setting or screen resolution and so on.Thank you.
,Recommended,311730,15127715,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Vermillion,"TL;DR:  Its Dead or Alive 5 and while missing a few cosmetic changes, including 2 stages, from the current gen versions, it runs perfectly fine.For those not in the know, Dead or Alive 5 is a 3D fighting game produced by Team Ninja, creators of the Ninja Gaiden series.  The fighting system uses a unique Rock Paper Scissors based style.  Strikes > Throws > Holds > Strikes etc.  Like most fighters, the cast is very diverse, both in personality and in fighting style with several real martial arts making an appearance.  What also makes an appearance are 4 characters from the Virtua Fighter series.I do think its worth warning that this game isn't safe for children.  Women are often dressed in revealing outfits with full on breast physics action.  The Fan-Service is strong with this one.On the PC port side, the game does use an external launcher, but thankfully it doesn't appear each time you run the game.  The framerate is a nice solid 60, except in the main menu, intros, outros and story cutscenes.DOA has a solid history in the fighting game community and it still plays great to this day, even if it might lack a few extra things here on PC.EDIT: For comparisons sake:http://screenshotcomparison.com/comparison/119259/"
76561198101687441,Recommended,311730,19239029,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,TenderQWERTY,Lets be honest the only reason we buy DOA games is so we can masterbate to them.60+ dollars for a DLC pack? NOPE.
76561198143721450,Recommended,311730,19319519,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,QueenGothDoll,"DLCs are a bit pricey but this is one sexy game! Who cares if the online play doesn't work its usually full of trolls and middle-aged know-it-alls who hate on ""n00bs"" anyway.Edit: Complaint about this gameI was in the middle of a fight VS comp and it suddenly jumped into online play. I was fighting other people when I didn't want to. Ctrl+Alt+Del > End Task was the only way to exit it."
76561198125683698,Not Recommended,311730,15730118,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,nananananananana BATMAN,It's a complete Rip-Off. Don't make the same mistake.It's awesome on console...Horrible on PC.Keys cannot be changed.You can't even play it on full-screen =.=
,Not Recommended,311730,16149328,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,채영이,not worth the buy for pc
76561198095325257,Recommended,311730,15127745,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Zero Builder,"The game is fun to play and at least I didn't have to pay for all the additional characters like Phase 4, Nyo Tengu etc..They need to add patches to this game. I have a high speced PC and the game doesnt even looks like a 60fps game. I hope they will add pacthed ASAP"
76561197977267103,Recommended,311730,29847160,Posted: 11 February,all,Conspiracy Theory,"Lol.Funny game.Mind you dont leave your flight stick plugged in when you start this cartoon meatfest up.Great for mindless button mashing whist checking out some attractive babes.Buy the Game in a Sale and get the Beach babes DLC, if you like the idea of Hawaii dreamland, and hot half-Japanese? chicks.Personally, I have seen some bend over the yoghurt counter in skirts as short as this game, but in real life here in the Far East. I thank the lord I`m married."
76561198044005073,Not Recommended,311730,23046651,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,kioz87,Bad game and a lot of of expensive dlc's.
76561198133255576,Not Recommended,311730,15142675,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,maynorman4,why i canno't play?
,Recommended,311730,33073900,Posted: 1 July,all,3xtKurumi,oppai XD
76561198202081385,Recommended,311730,17211237,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,tatedason,i got the beta and i can find anyone
,Recommended,311730,23755653,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TURTLE META,It has Hayabusa.
76561198035872702,Recommended,311730,15127890,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Laki,its alright
76561198147098011,Recommended,311730,16897160,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,闇神カケル,いや～みんなのコメントを読んだのはこのゲームを買ったからなんですけど、俺、正直言うと…どうしてもみんなと同じ意見にはならんやね。このゲーム面白いし、グラフィックもすごいし、それからさらなるのアップデートとか色々要諦されているし、今から買ってっても後悔二はならんと思う、自分はかって良かったって思ってるしねｗやから、買ってってもいいゲームっすよ、おすすめしあすうう！～
,Recommended,311730,17875656,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Vios,Boobs.
,Not Recommended,311730,23678774,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BlackBlitzkrieg,"Pros: One of the few 3d fighting game options on SteamStory Mode is pretty beefy. Story itself isn't but meh.The game itself is pretty good. The fighting is fast and frenetic. There are a variety of modes and the online mode is finally here. The bar of entry is actually friendlier than most other fighting games.Game is still getting support.Cons: Depiction of female characters pisses me off. I came here to scrap not to objectify women...-_-DLC is an attrocious cash grab that is grossly overpriced.Online community isn't nearly that active and doesn't have a host of online options that one would expect.PS4 additions weren't carried over.I can't recommend the game. Between the female character design and the overall handling of the game in regards to DLC and the online, only if you're a diehard fan or it's on sale..."
76561198343136516,Recommended,311730,33066716,Posted: 30 June,all,caiqian,"Those guys are truely talented and what a piece of arts they created. There are a few bugs and online hard to find a match, but nothing is perfect."
76561198107805364,Recommended,311730,25561518,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Bunny,"This is the quintessential Sexy Girl Fighter of all time. I recommend getting the whole series.If you are a male, you will Love this game.I am serious.."
76561198137910038,Recommended,311730,23836415,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BATMAX,"I will exceptionally write this review in English, because the majority of the evaluations are toxic as you will see.DEAD OR ALIVE® 5 Last Round is a great 3D fighting game on Steam, don’t listen to those who complain, if anything, they are those who ruin this game.I will answer here all the complaints from angry gamers:The graphics and performance complaintsThe game runs smoothly at 60FPS, we can select the resolution we want and it is therefore a better version than the console one – peoples only complain because some useless special effects or particles from consoles are missing.The online mod complaintsPeoples complained because the online mod was not available for release, it is since operational but peoples seem to have deserted the game, which means that the online problems are people’s faults and not the developer’s fault. But they are the same who complained that Street Fighter 5 did not have a story mode for release, even though the online mode was available…The only complain i have with the online mode is that it is only ranked matches and we cannot create a private lobby, keep it in mind if you only want to buy the game for the online.The DLCs complaintsSome peoples buy the game, play less than an hour, and leave a review in which they do not recommend the game because they are too much DLCs in the store page, even though nobody forces them to buy and they are just costumes or cosmetics...Controls complaintsThe game works fine with a controller and the official Xbox controller is set as it is in the console version, and as it was in DOA4 and DOA3 back in the day… Controllerophobes who complain that a fighting game is not as well designed for the mouse and keyboard as for controllers cannot be helped.Enough with this nonsense, DOA5 is very good, if you are a fan of the series you can buy the game your eyes closed. Just bear in mind that few players can be found online. The single-player modes and local multi-player remain excellent."
,Recommended,311730,15129004,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,jaychuck,i'm a fighter.
76561198252697904,Not Recommended,311730,29755173,Posted: 6 February,all,DoctorPotato_,The game is to simple. i dont know what i was expecting from a free to play game.
,Recommended,311730,15127515,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Topoisomerase,"The game runs great! Even on my measly HD6850. If you've got a decent rig, don't fret the overkill in specs. Definitive version!"
,Recommended,311730,15131777,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Frendle,"Pretty girls, fast paced combat.  What more is there to say?"
76561197999405278,Recommended,311730,23941213,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mittzu,haduge
,Recommended,311730,15128953,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Slayer Jim,69/10 best game. You amount of detail put into this game is amazing. You can see the sweat drops from the oppai and you have the option to add glasses to every girl. Only flaw is theres no Rio Rainbow Gate in this one.
,Recommended,311730,15127418,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jimmi G지지지,"The PC Master race sometimes wants a 1 Night in Paris experience out of a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Well if DoA5LR is your hoe let's give her a go.This isn't on par with the PS4 and X1 games. Right nowthere isn't an online mode, yet. So if that's a deal breaker then you better just wait on it. BSM and local play with friends is all I need.What is under the hood?As far as the graphics go,it looks just fineon 1080p resolution settings (my specs at the bottom of the review). What are those customizable settings? Meager, look below:Screen settings: Full Screen/Window ModeResolution: 1024 x 768 up to 3840 x 2160Shadow: On/OffShadow Resolution: 1024 x 1024/2048x2048/4096x4096Anti-Aliasing: FXAA/2xSSAA/4xSAAAThey even though in some options forbreast physicsin the game settings menu.Matter of fact: have you seen the PS3 vs PS4 gfx comparison?https://youtu.be/jOYfPbfRU-8The word to describe this islilliputian. On real note though, I wish we had the effects.What is in the menu?You've got a34 player rosterwith24 stages.The variation between characters and their fighting styles are diverse enough. You'll find characters that you like to play more than others.I would have liked to see more game modes. It has all the essentials (id est: story, versus, arcade, time attack, survival, team fight, and training) but lacks any sort of novelty modes.The real meat of the game is the fighting mechanics.DoA5LR uses theTriangle Systemwhich is kin toRock-Paper-Scissors. Strikes beat throws, throws beat holds, and holds beat strikes. It might sound simplified but it actually works out well in game. The same dynamics are basically applied in real life MMA. If you are wondering, holds are essentially parries. When executed at the correct times you can counter an opponent. There are different holds that need to be executed depending on the strike. And to note, throws also can require sorts of combo input to be executed differently (rather than just pressing two buttons to perform a grab).You can chain individual combos together to inflict massive damage, as is common in most fighting games. One thing that you will find absent is a sort of super-power bar. There is a power-blow which can be activated when a players health is less than 50%, but the damage isn't entirely substantial.The game classes all of its fighters into one of four weight classes: heavy, middleweight, light, and feather. The weight class determines how high a unit is sent airborne under some attacks (and thus how they may be juggled). Additionally, fighters can also be bounced and will gain the same height regardless of the weight class.Most of the stages have alternate areas that can be accessed by pulverizing your opponent into a wall in the arena or tossing them over the edges. Falling victim to such will inflict a sum of damage after the transition.If you enjoy fighting games then this is one to add to your collection.Reasons not to buy this game:-You want to play online at this moment-Mortal Kombat X is right around the corner-You play games with a necessity for achievements and trading cards-You don’t believe that the company followed proper porting ethics (exempli gratia: no Soft Engine)Reasons to buy this game:-You enjoy fighting games-You like large rosters of players with different playstyles-You like mastering combo systems-You have friends to entertain with your steam systemBottom line is that it could be better.It’s not necessarily the best fighting game either. We could have seen better port, PC exclusives, more video options, better optimization,controller vibration, et cetera. Thumbs up > thumbs down for this one. Bottom line is thatit is fun to play./endP.S.System Specs:Windows 7 64-bitIntel i5 4440 @ 3.10 GHzGeforce GTX 750 TI 2GB8GB DDR3 RAM"
,Recommended,311730,15127586,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Enraged | Ninja,Say what you will - this game is sweet.  Its about time DOA hit up the PC crowd!  THANKS!
,Not Recommended,311730,16377320,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ziriuslnw,don't fun. It less effect and don't different from another fighting game.
76561198059893261,Recommended,311730,15127346,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Lil Bear,"I'll make a full review after im done with the game but if you refunded because you thought it would look bad, it doesnt.The game is still here and so are the character. Yes they messed up by removing some stuff but at least the game launches and it has no problems so far.All I've done is the tutorials up to the basic test and the first portion of the story. So I cant say much about the game. But what i can say is that if you been craving DOA on pc this is the time to get it. Load times are fast the graphics are great but not best.One bad thing i noticed is that the pre-rendered scenes look low def."
,Recommended,311730,15127425,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"Best fighting game there is. Great for starters, unlimited depth. If you have the willpower and endurance, you can spend hundreds and thousands of hours in this game, becoming better and better and getting those rewarding moments of joy that have become rare in todays gaming envrionment. :3"
,Recommended,311730,15128439,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Aikawa,Hmmm so online finally come and I think it's stable enough to enjoy itbut compare to time I have to wait I still think dev don't care much about pc playerconclusion : If you want competitive *online only* it's ok to buy nowif you want more like lobby etc. you probably won't get it
76561198185057123,Recommended,311730,15134717,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Amanda Mate,"I've seen the contrast between ps3,ps4 and pc.Acturaly PC is almost the same as ps4.All i need now is online fight and more graphics update."
76561198030285568,Recommended,311730,15135266,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Bryan,"Initially I had issues running the game, but after a couple hours tinkering with my graphics settings I was able to get the game working. It runs smoothly on both my desktop and laptop. The requirements are not as all that high they state. If you have a 2.0 ghz duel core processor and a graphics card from this decade then you can most likely run this game.The game looks amazing and is everything you would expect from DOA. There are some complaints about the soft engine from other people, but really the soft engine just makes the boob and particle physics look a bit more natural, but if you are not getting the game for boob physics the who cares.The game does come with two less maps and is short online game play which is disappointing, but I can be patent.I give it a 7/10. It would be an 8/10 with working online gameplay."
,Recommended,311730,15645259,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,TuXe,I just love DOA but its way to expensive for that what it offers atm.Just sad EDIT: I enjoy the game a lot more after they fixed the online problem and some other issues if the game drops to 30 - 20 bucks i recommend it!
76561197963621541,Not Recommended,311730,15178076,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,xInFamousxK20,"DLC over priced and my xbox one controller has the same problems as everyone else STILL.. they released this as a money grab and arent fixing it, pass if you already have it on console.. so let down :("
76561198129443626,Recommended,311730,19185338,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Lilchris816,its just a last gen port with dlc up the @ss. i got the game for 10 or 20 so not really too upset. only buy this during a sellEDIT: After spending more time with the game i can give it a try. it still a good fighting game. beware since this is a ps3 port dlc like stages are not  here and clothes aren't breakable like the ps4 and xb1 version. you do get the dlc fighter which cannot be said for mkx
76561197989905776,Recommended,311730,15143927,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,BAD143,"The game is not yet finished. After they delayed the release I hoped that it would be reasonable, instead that we received a very bad PC port, without any of the curent gen console benefits. I regret that I bought this game, at the current state. I do not recommend anyone to buy it now, only after they repair it to state what promised.https://www.change.org/p/team-ninja-please-add-next-gen-features-to-dead-or-alive-5-last-round-on-steamUpdate April 3rd 2015:After a small Update the XBox 360 Controller is fully compatible and now i can finally play this game.But when will be there a discount feel free to buy it, its playable."
76561197996662237,Not Recommended,311730,16437957,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,☺,"Dead Or Alive is my favorite fighting game. While Dead Or Alive 5 Last Round doesn't quite live up to the expectations i have come to expect after the 4th game, it's still a much welcome addition to my Steam account. The graphics are more or less the same as the previous game, which is disappointing but not too bad. The fighting styles are ever so slightly built upon and some new characters are introduced.All in all, if it wasn't for simply adding a number from 4 to 5 in the title then this game wouldn't be worth getting. But it is. At least once the update that adds online play comes, because without it should actually be advertised as in early access.EDIT: I'm not happy with this game after all. DoA4 was a REALLY great fighting game on the X360. But DoA5LR just doesn't live up to it. Online part is a cornerstone for this game and it was bad that it was delayed to begin with, but to this day there still is no cloud support, a feature which a game such as this desperately needs, and for that reason, i cannot recommend it anymore, i thought they would have fixed it by now but no.Is this the end of DoA? Who knows? I hope not... i hope they can straighten up for a decent DoA6. But one thing is certain, this is the end of the short-lived DoA5LR."
,Recommended,311730,20746929,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,🎮 Ariel,Good good
,Not Recommended,311730,15132486,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Rush,"This game isn't really worth the investment. DLC Costumes are absurdly priced, its a good thing the costumes are silly, ugly or bikinis so I don't feel like I'm missing out. Its all missing the physics, graphics and stages from the Next-Gen Version on Xbox One/PS4.As far as singleplayer content goes its a bit boring. Arcade mode gets old and the story isn't exactly riveting and then it feels just like arcade mode. Online modes are pitiful, the only option being ranked matches. As a casual fighting game player who only plays MP in private lobbies it means there is no online.The graphics (while not the updated version from PS4/Xbox One) are great and I don't have much trouble running the game on my 280x. The gameplay itself is solid and deep and generally enjoyable. While it misses superficial stuff we do get all the characters.So its a good game and a horrible port with a bad case of PC community be shafted. So should you buy it? If you're serious about DoA get the Next-Gen Console version. If you aren't any DoA console version will do. If you don't have consoles and really want the game you could check about the price of a key on a 3rd-party but I wouldn't reccomend more than $20 for this game."
,Recommended,311730,16438823,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,LA FLAME,its good
,Not Recommended,311730,15136827,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Makoto,"REVIEW UPDATED 4/11/2016 to ""Not Recommended"" after the lack of real love from Tecmo on the PC version.The fact that they have not figured out how to give us the new stages that the PS4 and XBox One have received makes me extremly sad.  Also, a good portion of the costumes that are released recently have battle damage options on console, and not on the PC.  Tecmo has had plenty of time to figure out how to give the PC DOA fans these features, but now I am certain that they devs do not care about giving us what they have delivered to the PS4 and Xbox One.I really wish that my review could stay as it was.  I have kept the original review below:========================  Below is the old review from when the game first launched =======================I am extremely happy with this port of the DOA5 Last Round arcade game.  It is better than the arcade version, with the ability to run shadows at an incredible resolution.  Also, the 4x anti-aliasing makes the game actually look better than my PS4 version.Of course, there are some missing features, such as the two extra stages and the over-the-top particle FX... but after playing a bit, I did not even notice they were gone.  Also, the SoftEngine stuff is missing, but to be honest, the difference is not even noticeable.Another thing I want to point out is that I was able to play the game on my 3D TV as well with my 970gtx.  I was able to tune it up and make it look pretty amazing in 3D, and it was a lot of fun.  Game runs at a solid 60fps, even with 3D enabled at 1080p and 4x anti-alising with 4k shadows.  You can even set the game to run on a 4k TV at full native resolution, but unfortunately I do not have the TV to test it on.  Online will be coming in a few months as well, and I am looking forward to it.  I have not had a chance to try my Xbox360 fight sticks, but I have a good feeling they will work, since my XB360 pads work fine.For the current $35 price tag, I definitely would recomend this game to anyone that enjoys fighting games.My system is currently running Win7, Intel i5, 8 gigs of ram, and Geforce 970gtx.  One last thing I would like to mention is that load times seem almost non-existant when running off of my SSD currently.  I have not tried it on my normal HDD, but it may load pretty fast from them as well.Happy gaming, everyone!"
,Not Recommended,311730,15129397,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,NutGoth,HECK YEAH I LOVE TIG OL' BIGGY MILKERS! I F'N LOVE BOOBAS!
,Recommended,311730,17024098,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Dude Core,This game is not bad at all it's just not staying true to the packaging. I think if we stopped blasting the devs and stating the obvious we might get support from them. I have bought alot of horrble games in the hope that my support to the developers pockets help bring their better titles on to steam. Arc system works for instance started porting over their older titles and I was like damn when will they publish guilty gear xrd? but I still gave them my cash to let them know that I was interested in them bringing games to steam even if the games I bought were old and and outdated but I showed my interest with my cash and now i got guilty gear xrd.
76561198023037212,Not Recommended,311730,20146423,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,cyrix,"Don't buy this game, you will regret itThis port of the game is complete dung"
76561197963706419,Not Recommended,311730,15989704,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Mojave,"Update:  My current controller doesn't work with DOA5.  When I start training mode it shows that my kick and grab keys are pressed at the very beginning and then I can't grab or kick.  This is the only game i am having this issue with (wired microsoft xboxone controler).  If i can't play it i certainly can't recommend it.  It was a decent game, but it seems to have found a way to disappoint even me.  I never even got to try the online mode :(Old:I play it with a 360 controller.  If you plan to play with the keyboard, you can skip this review.  Other reviews will probably be more helpful.If you didn't know about the missing features, you'd find the game fun and entertaining.   Knowing that this game could have been more is sad but not necessarily a reason for not recommending it.  What the game is is an enjoyable fighting game.If online modes are important to you than i suggest you wait.  Otherwise... pursue the fun."
,Not Recommended,311730,15688284,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,iluvOP,Kill urself my man
76561198275787558,Not Recommended,311730,29893332,Posted: 12 February,all,ProfessorBad/twitch,"Terrible.  This used to be my game when I only owned an xbox 360.  Was playing DOA since DOA 1 and even played the side games like Zachs Island.   Even at the age of 16 playing DOA I understood how horrible the game model is and the community that is easily pacified by a mere costume.  Great fighter but this port is sooo bad.  When last round came out on xbox 360 there was lag also but i cant confirm if that has been fixed on consoles or not.   How these devs are, I really doubt it.  But there is alot of lag when playing online and I even dropped frames in training at odd times when performing combos.  But thats not whats making me write this review.  Being the sucker I am, out of the 850+ dollers of microtransactions I bought Jann Lee for 4:00 thinking thats all im going to spend.   Proceeded to go to free training where i remembered quite a mojority of the combos.  Some I couldnt do, but I dont know what updates had been emplimented in the pass years.  But during this session I noticed something.  No matter what button I hit on my Xbox controller he wouldnt do some vital moves dealing with kicks that would be naturally mapped to your trigger buttons on the xbox.  After much frustration i figured out it was mapped to my start button and another was mapped to my dashboard button (select/back).   WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ DOES THAT!!!  Ok, no problem.  Let me just remap some buttons...oh wait....I cant.  If I try to remap buttons using my triggers nothing happens.  In short I cant use them because my RT and LT trigger buttons are read as my select and start buttons.  In short I cant use my trigger buttons which  makes any other controller setting feel unatural and feels very cluttered with my fingers fighting for room.   Good game, bad port,  gullible community, horrible game model (worst in any fighter) and the devs to match.  Its popularity reflects how bad the model is and that the devs are content with the few still hangong on to there skirt tails.  This port is givin wth the mind to make a little extra money with as little effort.  But what I like about pc gamers from consoles is that most of use dont put up with that♥♥♥♥♥♥since were more informed.  And it shows since they had to go f2p and still got mixed reviews.Im sure your costume design team is the biggest  branch working on this game, but how about this.  How about you actually make a game that does not look like a direct reskin,  with some new likeable characters, with there own move sets, new graphics engine, new maps instead of making chapters or chronicles out of the same game where In each minor release you got to pay 30 dollers+.Your not going to do that are you.  Thats just way to much work for you, huh.  Then heres and idea for your next chapter.DEAD OR ALIVE: THE VERY LAST FINAL ROUND FIGHT!!!Price??? 30$But it comes with the new Furry Pajama set for four characters. ""wink, wink""""and the crowed goees wild""TAKE MY MONEY!!!"
76561198065929972,Not Recommended,311730,15151392,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,TheDarkWeapon,"I'm switching my review :/At first it seemed like Tecmo really wanted to get on the PC audience...Not it seems like they are trying to butt-f*ck the game. Here in Mexico its $9,600.°° on DLCThanks but no thanks I can buy a ps4 & xbone for that price."
,Not Recommended,311730,15143384,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,HaveMercy | Zz,Solid fighting game..but just the fighting part..The DLC is overpriced and not really worth spending.. If only the game sold costumes individually instead a pack..I would totally buy some of the costumes..
76561197989930228,Not Recommended,311730,15133117,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,bobeagle77,"This is a great fighting game for beginners to expert players. The fighting triangle mechanics works great. Strikes beat Throws, Throws beat Holds and Holds beat Strikes. The computer AI puts up a good fight and the figthing is quite fast . DLC is uneccessary and expensive.2 out of 5 StarsPositive:+Some characters feel unique.+Music and sounds are good.+Graphics and Special effects are good not fantastic.Negative:-PC gamers don't get Next Generation of DOA effects. Some textures look last Generation.-DLC is very expensive-No Community support"
,Not Recommended,311730,15136117,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,King Vegeta,"Dead or Alive on PC is currently not in the best condition of its console coutnerparts, but that doesn't mean it's a bad game.  The amount of DLC is ridiculous, though.PROS-32 playable characters each with their own unique fighting style-Several Costumes for each Character Unlockable just by playing the game.-Several different fighting arenas ranging from a Chinese Temple to the frozen Arctic Wastes-Beautiful Stylized Visuals-""Physics""CONS-Missing Content from Console Versions-Lack of Soft Engine-Various Technical Failings-Lack of Online Multiplayer (For 3 Months)-DLC is already in the game (Disk Locked Content)-DLC costs more than the gameSTORY MODEYes, there is a story in here behind all the bouncing breasts.  It revolves around Kasumi hunting her clone & a fighting tournament set up by the evil corporations known as DOATEC (DoA Tec - Get it?).  The story mode starts off going through multiple different characters & then later you start playing one character for several missions at a time.  It will then switch you between characters, etc, repeat process.The story mode is set up fairly well. I haven't finished it myself just yet so I'll update this part of my review at a later date for the rest.GRAPHICSThe graphics look great.  Arenas are well designed & stylized in their own unique way.  The character models are another story.  Yes, they are smooth & good looking but they are also very mannequine-esque.  They don't show any expressions & when they talk in cutscenes they barely move their lips.  It's like every character has had such severe plastic surgery that all their facial muscles are all dead.The other thing is that this game is running on an older graphics engine, so the PC version is currently inferior in graphics to the PS4/Xbone counterparts.  This may or may not change depending on what Team Ninja decides to do with the PC version.The game still looks great though & runs at a smooth 60 FPS (30FPS Cutscenes).  The graphics can be changed slightly in the config to increase/decrease shadow & monitor resolutions.  The game even supports 4k monitors & while I myself can't experience such a luxury just knowing it's there is pretty awesome.You can also use SweetFX to make the graphics look better.AUDIOThe voice acting is good, some voice overs are very cheesy.  Like Helena's accent feels like she only sounds like that to fulfill some erotic roleplay fantasy.  Other voice overs sound great & sound like you'd think they should from a dub perspective.  You can always change the voice acting to japanese if you don't like them in English.GAMEPLAYThe game plays like a typical fighting game with a controller.  You punch, kick, grab & throw your way to victory.  This is a 360 terrain fighter so you're not restricted to moving only left/right.  It's been a while since I've played a 360 fighter so I've had to get used to it again.  I think the last one I played was Soul Caliber 2 on the GCN.You can also knock your enemies into different areas of the arena which triggers a cutscene & shows them taking extra damage as they go through the transitions.  They aren't as extravagant as the ones in Injustice but it's nice to see a good throw across the map when you can.MISSING CONTENTThe game is missing 2 levels that are in the console versions of the game.  While this does not break the games core experience it should be noted that they are in fact not available currently in this version.  I myself do not own the consoles but from what I've heard the missing levels are something that is worth pointing out since they are supposedly the best & coolest levels in the game.There is also no online multiplayer for 3 months after the launch.  This alone does make it inferior to it's console counterparts especially since all the console versions launched with multiplayer available.Then there's the graphics engine which makes the characters look better.  While this doesn't break the core game experience it does take away some good visual features that this game should have in it.DLCThe DLC is also not available seperately & must be purchased in packs which will cost you around $60 for each pack.  Currently there are 2 packs available.  I'm not sure why they decided on this set up for buying the DLC outfits.  It very much feels like they are ripping you off with the huge price point but you do get each outfit for less than a buck a piece so it may not be so bad.All of the outfits are ALREADY in the game which just pisses me off even more.  You can preview them in the character select menu so you're basically just buying keys while already having the content on your computer.  That alone is some BS.TECHNICAL ISSUESThere is also an issue with the Steam version where if you change your Gamer tag you have a chance at losing your save data or having issues when it loads.Also, some controllers are not supported or supported controllers have odd button mapping placements.  I've read that people using Logitech F310 controllers are having the most issues.  Swapping to D-Input mode will fix it, though.OVERALLThe game has flaws with it's DLC (Disk Locked Content) & missing features.  The core game itself is good, though.  It may not be as pretty as its console counterparts but if you don't have a console & still want the DOA experience then this is worth the purchase price.  However, with all the DLC this game has (most of it already on you're drive)  I have to give this one a thumbs down, not because the game is bad but because this kind of milking of customers should not be rewarded.Still Reccommended for anyone who doesn't own a console."
,Recommended,311730,25666841,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Rikimtasu ZMC,Months later and still no lobby. Please turn away and buy the PS4/XBOX ver.Update:But a good alternative of tekken.Try discord for more discussion.https://discord.gg/0SZLugAYbPkNx6sS
,Not Recommended,311730,15129754,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ElanSleaze,overall a great game! sure its missing features like the Soft engine and a couple of maps. This is boring and you would be better off buying street fighter V over this game.
,Recommended,311730,15150681,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Zajas.,"To unlock costumes you gotta run through arcade mode.Whole game is great, solid fighting mechanics and amazing graphics for what this is.Very drastic change from 4, and even has the virtua fighter cast in it as well as musou/kof guest chars."
76561198043977321,Recommended,311730,31693115,Posted: 11 May,all,mNit0,Edit: They fixed the bug that slowed down the gameplay. Its still a less than propper port ot the game and they are out of their minds on the pricing scheme of the dlcs though.they keep breaking it everytime they fix it. It was fine but every new update makes it SLOWER. I paid for this back when it came out. Avoid at all cost.
,Not Recommended,311730,17992766,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,RvB Caboose,"Still one of the best technical fighters on the market. 9/10However they try to ""ban"" modding so they can push their cosmetic DLC at competely rediculous prizes.  Even said they wouldn't make a DoA PC game again if people modded it.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥decision, and not recommended because of a@@hole money hungry developers."
