user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,312230,20062512,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,genoforprez,"THIS GAME IS RAD.It’s got a really simple visual design, but it is still very atmospheric to explore.The game is KIND of a shooter… there is definitely shooter gameplay in it, and the shooting feels just fine, but what you are really looking at with this game is an ADVENTURE GAME that also just happens to let you shoot robots with laser guns.The premise is sort of like the first Dead Space. There is a vessel that has gone silent for some reason. You are sent to the vessel to assess the situation and then fix anything that needs to be fixed to assure that the vessel will return to earth properly. The difference is that in Dead Space, this is just some explanation for getting you on board the ship full of aliens so that you can start shooting aliens. Sometimes a guy on a radio tells you to fix something and you press A to fix it. But in Xanadu, you actually have to like… figure out how to disable the rogue turret outside the engine room, then disable it, then break into the engine room and look at the engine to figure out why it’s not working, which is partly obvious (replace fuses, unjam the cogs, etc), but it also means performing some quasi-Myst-like gameplay where you fiddle around with knobs and switches and buttons until something interesting starts to happen.There are also audio logs and text notes you can find, as well as computers you can log onto to read emails and such, which fulfills the part of the mission where you’re trying to investigate what happened. But the weird thing is… and this is coming from a guy who nearly always HATES audio logs and note pages… I actually am really enjoying finding them and reading/listening to them?They are actually really well written (and the VO is not bad at all), and there is an interesting element of the story that adds an interesting quirk to a lot of the messages. But I also like that the logs and stuff you find aren’t just exposition dumps. You also find the sorts of notes and things that people would actually write down. You might find the recipe for an omelet, or a scrap of paper on which someone has simply scribbled down the Konami code (ha ha). One of the audio logs was made by one of the crew, who got really drunk and basically just drunk dialed his voice recorder. I literally laughed when he starts talking about his girlfriend’s hair for some reason and about how it looks “very Roman… like the hair a Roman would have”. The sort of weird, incomprehensible babbling your drunk friend would actually say.The most obvious sign this is an adventure game though? I've never played a shooter where I had to get out a pen and paper to SOLVE ONE OF ITS PUZZLES. But you will have to do that at least once here. Don't be scared, though. The puzzle quality is very good. Just remember to be very thorough.Using my own scale below, I giveSpirits of Xanadua hearty 7!I WANT MORE GAMES LIKE THIS.7) A classic, essential, and/or must-buy game that is worth full price.6) A good game that is worth the full price.5) A pretty good game worth checking out--especially if discounted.4) A pretty good game, but I would recommend buying it discounted.3) Worth checking out, but I would recommend buying it heavily discounted.2) Only worth checking out if you are dangerously curious.1) Avoid at all costs."
,Recommended,312230,15106402,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Revisor,"Don't be discouraged by the graphics. The look of this game is simple, yet functional. What this game has going for it however is a strong atmosphere, great writing and a huge attention to detail. This is not only a game that rewards your curiousity and attentive exploration, it demands it!If you're unattentive, you might start the game without a flashlight. Or you might overlook that you can repair a fuse and turn on the lights and play the whole game in a dark ship, only with your flashlight. Or you might miss a new weapon. Or you might overlook the myriad of hidden clues, notes, scribblings and hints.In fact that's what happened to me. My first playthrough was quite short (around 3 hours) and I thought I found almost everything. Imagine my surprise when I found out I only got about one third of the story (and a bad ending)!I probably don't have to mention that this game has been inspired by System Shock; that's pretty clear from the trailer and the description. I can just reassure you that this is not a low-cost remake of SS, this is an interesting and original take on the ""investigate a spaceship that stopped communicating"" theme (of which there is not enough if you ask me :). Just be prepared to work hard for a complete understanding of what really happened and a chance of changing the ship's fate (and yours)."
,Recommended,312230,17007429,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,TheBraveSirRobin,"Spirits of Xanaduis an atmospheric first person adventure game with simplistic combat and graphics, light puzzle and exploration aspects and a well-told, interesting story.It is set during an alternate version of the 1980's on an unresponsive research vessel, theXanadu, which is in orbit around a planet far from Earth, and, playing in the shoes of a one-man recovery team, you are instructed to return the ship the and all of it's research material back to Earth to it's corporate ownerseven at the cost of the well-being of the crew. You start the game on a small recovery vessel making it's final docking approach on theXanadu, and once aboard it you have nothing more than a flashlight, a laser pistol and your wits to complete your task (although technically you could never pick up those two items and complete the game in complete darkness without shooting anything).There is no hand-holding or tutorials or explicit guidance given. Period. The puzzles are simple, the map is small, there are only be a few weapons to collect and a handful of enemy types to fight, but discovering what happened to theXanaduand completing your mission entirely through your own actions makes the whole experience feel surprisingly rewarding.The atmosphere of this game is something to behold in and of itself, though, and it's carefully crafted by a combination of the impeccable presentation of the mystery of theXanaduand the game world's immersiveness. You discover the details what happened to theXanaduprimarily through tape recordings made by it's three former inhabitants which are scattered around the ship, hidden, but put in logical places. There's even poems and notes that you can find that add even more intrigue and flavor to the narrative but the recordings truly are unforgettable. These personal accounts of the crew's self-destruction and are believable, well-written, and incredibly well voice acted. As you listen to these voice logs, playing through the game slowly becomes more and more tense as you learn about the what caused this cryptic tragedy and realize that, soon, you too will suffer their fate. This ambience is pitch perfect for me: unsettling and bleak but not outright terrifying or unbelievable or depressing (in other words, it's almost completely devoid of any melodrama).The interior enviroment of theXanaduperfectly complements the storytelling of the game in order to make its atmosphere so absorbing. No detail inside theXanaduis out of place besides the occasional easter egg. The interactivity of the enviroment, while oddly limited in some ways, is, overall, realistic, and the limitations prevent it from being distracting or superfluous (this is not a Visceral Cleanup Detail rip-off). The various living spaces, amenities and utilities all feel like they are necessary components of this vessel. All together, they give an important sense of realism as you explore the ship which keeps the whole game experience grounded despite the game's minimalistic visual aesthetic and ominous mood. It should be noted, too, that while thorough exploration is necessary for experiencing everything all this game has to offer, its small scale prevents any serious tedium in this endeavor.The only real problem with the immersion of the game is that the design of the enemies and how you fight them is not nearly as interactive as the enviroment they inhabit. Each one attacks you in their own, singular, boring way, and you just have to shoot them to kill them (except for the security drones which you can shut off if you can sneak up behind them). One enemy type, which I call kamikaze robots, are especially frustrating to deal with because their one attack pattern is to run up to you and destroy themselves and you with a fatal explosion. It's nearly impossible to stop them before they get within arms reach since they have plenty of health with no weakpoints, they run faster than you, and most areas of the ship are quite confined and free of obstructions to outsmart them with. A seperate but related issue in the immersion is that some of the enemies (including the aformentioned kamikaze robots) are somehow capable ofrespawning on a derelict ship in space for no reasonand the debris from potentially infinite encounters with these respawning enemies causes performance degradation over a playthrough.All in all, this is a great indie game that can engage you with it's enigmatic and disconcerting atmosphere and make you think. Even if it's light on the play-time and mechanical depth, it can be just enough to make a lasting impression on those that play it.EDIT: Added much, much, much more detail."
,Not Recommended,312230,23833269,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ganso,"This game looked promising from the first minute playing. The main problem was that, I took only 1 hour to beat the game, not rushing. I could not believe when I saw it. At first I thought ""I probably got the bad ending"" so I reloaded the save and looked for clues, what to do, searched the Internet, but nope, that was it.The game is filled with content that could be used for a longer story or more quests to do, but it's all just there for no reason. I really wish I could do much more in this game."
76561198100232361,Recommended,312230,32790986,Posted: 25 June,all,The Wall,"I absolutely recommend this. It is a fun little adventure as an homage to System Shock. It is brief, but it sucks you in."
76561197966573552,Recommended,312230,15680090,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Spock RC,An objective based FPS that doesn't hold your hand.Excellent voice acting.Excellent writing.Excellent shooting gameplay.Minor performance issue in certain rooms.Finished in 3 hours at a leasure pace.
,Recommended,312230,23509998,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Flemmigan,"Let me precede this review with a statement that I'm a sucker for games with excellent atmosphere and storytelling, and I came upon Spirits of Xanadu as a recommendation for fans of System Shock 2 (maybe my favorite game ever), so that lens definitely colored my experience.First, this game has really nice atmosphere and voice acting with a cool premise. The puzzles were stimulating yet not contrived. The System Shock style of documents and logs sprinkled around drew me into the mythos, and the vagueness of the ""enemy"" was excellently executed in the storytelling.However, in the end I felt short changed by the non-descript endings and short play time (I got 2 of 3 endings in under 3 hours). While I enjoyed the intentionally vague storytelling, I didn't find much to think about after the endings. There's not much in the way of play variety since there are few enemies or environmental challenges to overcome. I'm not the type to replay a game for the sake of achievements, so I don't see myself revisiting in the near future. In short, the game oozes ambience but feels a little too light for a $10 game. If it were $5, I would recommend it in a hearbeat.Overall, I had high expectations and was somewhat disappointed, but still thoroughly enjoyed it and will definitely keep an eye out for future games from Good Morning, Commander."
,Recommended,312230,23787602,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,JohnMiner,"TL;DR+Good atsmosphere, nice puzzle, bunch of secret/easter egg, fun-Too short"
,Recommended,312230,25678951,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,r0b0_j0,"If you, like me, love mid- to late-90's FPS games like System Shock or Deus Ex, you're likely to enjoy this game. It's kind of amazing how much it feels like a game of that era just on a modern engine. Complete lack of guidance means lots of exploration and non-linear gameplay.There is one very strange design choice by the devs which is to erase all your save data after you beat the game. So there is no going back to further explore the ship and find things you missed once you trigger an ending. You must restart. I found this disappointing since I had no warning it would happen, so I couldn't go back and explore the ship more in the state it was in right before finishing the game. Actually, this was so bizarre to me that I thought it was a bug; however, a dev responded to me to let me know this was a completely intentional design choice.I still recommend the game, but I think you should just go in knowing you'll have to replay the whole thing to make different choices later in the game. I was happy with my choices (which is why I chose them first!), but I wanted to play through the others without needing to tediously repeat the rest of the game. So even though I thoroughly enjoyed my playthrough, I was left with a bad feeling of disappointment once it ended and the title screen returned missing the option to Continue from a save. Knowing this in advance, I think you can go in and enjoy it without any feelings of disappointment.Overall the experience is very unique and interesting, and the narrative well-told. And it was fun."
,Recommended,312230,20467106,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,The Jizz Kid,"This might just be one of my favorite games.Now don't be fooled, this isn't a shooter, at least not really. It has shooting in it, yes, but that's not the focus and there are a limited number of enemies which will never respawn. The map is also fairly small but very easy to navigate once you've been through once or twice (and get the lights on) I'd say this is far more of a puzzle game with an incredible atmosphere. The majority of the gameplay revolves around puzzle solving while occasionally shooting robots. The puzles for the most part aren't all that difficult, with the exception of one which leads you to one of the three endings. The minimalist style might be a bit offputting depending on your sensibilites but I personaly thought it looked pretty nice. (again, after I got the lights on, Before then it COULD be a bit difficult to figure out what you're doing or where you're going)Now, onto the thing the game get's REALLY right: atmosphere. This game scares the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, but not because of cheap and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jumpscares. From the very second you step out of your little pod you are instilled with a deep sense of dread and a feeling of ""something ain't right here..."" There are a handful of scares but you could go through the game and completely miss all of them because there isn't some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ musical sting to startle you and in most cases when they happened I spent a second asking myself ""Did I actually see that?"" and that is what I love so much about this game, it's smart with its scares and baths the entire experience in a rich atmosphere that stuck with me even after I turned the game off.The voice acting in this game is incredible as well, at least for the most part. I personally thought the voice actor they had for Solomon Agnew stole the show and the other two voice actors they had weren't quite on par with his performance. Not to imply they were bad, quite the contrary, they just weren't quite as good and it was pretty noticeable to me.The game however is pretty short (maybe 1.5-2 hours if you're quick about things, 3 if you take your time a bit) and despite being very replayable I don't know if that's really worth the $10 it's being sold for. Additionally the game doesn't seem to be optimized very well. I'm not playing on a very poweful machine but I can generally get away with playing most modern indies on mid to lower settings, but Spirits of Xanadu had very frequent framerate drops and even on the absolute lowest settings I was barely pushing 20 fps most of the time so if you're running on a budget machine keep that in mind. The default controls are pretty wacky as well so before you start the game I'd highly recommend going through and changing everything to your liking, as well as lowering the mouse sensitivity. Speaking of the mouselook, perhaps it's just me but the mouselook didn't feel very great in this game. I can't quite nail down what it is but now matter how much I fiddled with the sensitivity and whatnot it just never felt quite right.All that said though, if you're looking for an atmospheric horror game with a super solid story then Spirits of Xanadu is gonna be exactly what you're looking for. Seriously, please please please play this game and give these guys your money, they really deserve it.UPDATE: So sometime before I wrote this review an update was rolled out that was at least partially focused on optimization and the game runs like a dream on my computer now. There are also a few things I wanted to mention but left out of my inital review because at the time of writing I hadn't actually played the game in some time and was just going off about a dozen or so YouTube videos. 1. You can choose between a female and male character. It literally doesn't do anything other than change the grunts you make when you're injured but it's a neat little addition nonetheless.2. There are 4 different difficulties, one of which being a peaceful mode that makes it so the enemies won't attack you unless you shoot first. I particularly like that one for repeat playthroughs because for me the second (and subsequent) run through the game was a ""Lets find the things I missed the first time!"" kind of run and it's nice to not have to worry about the bots going after you.3. The endings. I mentioned that there was more than one ending but I didn't go any deeper than that and I thought I should. There's your standard good and bad ending (Although they won't be exactly what you think, at least not right off the bat) and there is also a really neat ambiguous and kinda trippy ending that I really like but is a massive pain to actually achieve (there are walkthroughs for those of us who simply don't have the time/brain power to figure it all out) Those endings are part of what provide the game wiht so much replayability.4. The characters. What kind of reviewer am I to mention voice actors without mentioning characters? Well it's simple, I'm not a professional. Anyway, There are three main characters in the game; Solomon Agnew, Lucy Zhao, and Cornell Johns. You never meet any of them throughout the game but in listening to the various audiologs in the game you really get a sense as to who each of these people were. I felt like I really knew these chracters as people which makes it all the more hearbreaking as you piece everything together and learn of their fates and that really is a testament to the strength of the writing and voice acting.Another thing I absolutely need to mention is that the mouselook is fine. The issues I was experiencing I think were directly related to the low framerates I was getting and had absolutely nothing to do with the game itself. After the optimization update it feels great."
,Recommended,312230,17463671,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Teuton,"Spirits of Xanadu will scratch your moody sci-fi horror itch. We all have that itch, because for some reason not many devs tackle this genre. I enjoyed my playthrough and there's even three different endings that require some work and a lot of exploring and decision-making on your own.What I liked is that you truly have some freedom of choice here. You board the Xanadu, you find out what's going on, and then you decide how to apply that knowledge. You'll get rewarded with one of the respective outcomes. You have to do all the exploring and thinking yourself, so it has that nice early 90s feel to it.However, for the price I expected more depth and complexity. The combat is rather bland and generic, I think I saw some of these guns and models in other Unity games before. This is somewhat of a mood-killer. (EDIT: saw it in ""King of the Wood"" which was made by the same devs. So disregard that.)I hope the devs keep working together. I'd be excited to see another game with this flavor."
76561198006541362,Recommended,312230,16671673,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,stranger1982,"Something happened on the starship Xanadu and it's up to you to find out why all its crew seem to have disappeared into thin air after what seems to be a bout of sudden madness.Spirits of Xanadu is clearly inspired by System Shock and offers similar gameplay albeit in a very limited setting and with not many technical improvements over its predecessor.PROS:-the art style is very reminiscent of System Shock-good ambient sound design, the Xanadu systems come to life suddendly, sometimes producing ominous noises that keep you on edge: voice acting on audio logs is also pretty good-an excellent psychological thriller with horror/sci-fi elements: Xanadu's story is really well done and slowly unfolds through audio logs and pages-three different endings depending on which clues you uncover and decide to follow-a few interesting puzzles-quite a few secrets for those patient and/or lucky enough to find them: said secrets can unlock new endings, give you access to secret areas and/or reward you with an achievement-the game manages to create a good sense of tension and estrangement-several difficulty levels including a peaceful mode where those so inclined can enjoy the story without combatCONS:-graphics are quite bland, especially robot models, and the weapon effecs are pretty bad-weak weapon sounds-the combat feels a bit clunky overall due to aiming being a bit sluggish-the robots are generally uninspired, turrets and droids are basically copypasted from System Shock 2 while flying robots are a bit of a pain to fight due to their erratic movements-if you do not like exploring looking for clues and just try to fix the ship right away you could be done with the game in less than half an hour, even exploring the game isn't that long due to the pretty small map-some clues can be very cryptic or hidden extremely wellhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=468031099Spirits of Xanadu really excels in its atmosphere and story and is a really good proposition for those fondly remembering System Shock.Sadly the game suffers from a low budget overall, its graphics are really plain and the small map can't provide a lengthy experience to the player: the initially menacing robots also eventually become pretty trivial once you get a better weapon and this mars the sense of uneasiness that the game worked so hard to create.Overall Xanadu is a well crafted journey and can be a good purchase for those with a System Shock itch to scratch as long as you're ok with its limited scope and somewhat low production values: said limits make it hard to recommend at full price though so wait for a sale."
76561198013194233,Recommended,312230,32912187,Posted: 27 June,all,Sergeant Schultz,"A short but nostalgic trip to the era of games such as deus ex and system shock, Spirits of Xanadu succeeds in giving gamers a enjoyable experience investigating a ship that is having troubles. The lore, atmosphere and enemies were done nicely, with some great references (System shock 2 players will understand the use of the basketball)."
76561197970840537,Recommended,312230,16915227,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,infin,"A short, enjoyable existential space scifi experience that pays homage to the System Shock series and 2001: A Space Odyssey (among others).  The gameplay mechanics are varied but with limited depth:  light exploration, light combat/stealth, light puzzling.  Similarly, the visual aesthetic (and, some might argue, the graphical fidelity) is minimalist; yet smooth and responsive.  The real focus in Spirits of Xanadu is the high quality narrative and its beautiful integration with the simple but immersive game world, aided by strong writing and voice work.That said, I don't know that I can recommend paying for the game at its full price given the extreme briefness of the experience -- even including the multiple replays required to see all the endings.  It's also worth noting that on almost all difficulty levels you will likely face at least a few frustrating/unfair 'deaths'... though at least a couple of these are tied to the narrative.  When on sale, however, the System Shock 2 nostalgia evoked here alone is well worth the (sale) price to me.I'm hoping these developers continue in the vein of Spirits of Xanadu, preferably with larger/deeper game worlds."
76561198096213994,Recommended,312230,30343199,Posted: 5 March,all,Ainsley Hariott,"This is literally the most underated gem on steam! It's like a mix of System Shock 2 and Alien with a mix of easter eggs. It isn't particularly scary, but it had a very eerie atmosphere, and a great narrative story with no hand holding. It's the sort of game where you have to work out what's going on yourself, not press 'tab' to see what your goal is, you have to do it yourself."
,Recommended,312230,31387191,Posted: 26 April,all,Pickle Boy,"i was a little shocked (totally unintentional) by how interesting this was. the combat is bad but it's obvious that it was an afterthought for the devs, you can even turn off enemies if you want. don't go into this looking for a polished fps.you should go into it if you liked the atmosphere and storytelling style of system shock and want something to scratch that itch. they were unashamed with how close it feels like system shock 2 and i love that. the twist is they tone down the cyberpunk for a more atmospheric kind of sci-fi horror; it's not in-your-face scary, more subtly creepy. the graphical style makes this look like a cookie cutter unity game at times but it, helped by some great sound design, works to make rooms feel unsettingly big and empty.i was feeling a little""eh"" on the plot by the time i got to the ending(s), but i still enjoyed searching the ship for clues, logs, hallucinations, and all the good shocky stuff. plus the voice acting is REALLY good! i hate most voice acting in games, and i thought the audio logs were surprisingly believable.  stuff like this makes me want to say hats off to the devs for putting in some extra effort for what could've been an unremarkable system shock clone."
,Recommended,312230,24246576,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Finn 🐧,"Thanks so much for the GNU/Linux support!This is quite the little gem. I had so manyEvent Horizonjokes lined up when I started playing, but this game really has its own thing going on. Perfect pacing, doesn't overstay its welcome, has a lovely art style and DAT ATMOSPHERE!"
,Recommended,312230,20260216,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lt.Krunch,"Typically this type of game can not hold my attention, but kudos to the developer for doing it right. Everything felt well placed, but not to the point that the game ever felt tedious or frustrating. The atmosphere is perfect and kept me feeling tense even after I had cleared out the entire ship. Great sound design, great pacing and uses ""breadcrumbs"" in all the right ways. Definitely recommend this title to anyone who is intrigued by what they see."
,Recommended,312230,22968888,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,jessica simpson,"i'm not one to normally review games, but i have to in this case. this is a great little title. oodles of atmosphere, intriguing storyline(s), well put together, the voice acting was great. i wanted to get all the endings, and wanted to get all the achievements. can't recommend it enough."
76561198049701314,Recommended,312230,24367546,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,& knuckles,"One of the best sci fi games I've ever played. Everything about this game is so incredibly subtle like the atmosphere, story details, and how the gameplay ties everything together. Very Kubrick Esque not only in the art design and story premise but in execution as well. If you can handle a slow paced game, then I cannot recomend this any more. Don't expect anything bombastically huge, but it contains everything that it needs to execute it's story perfectly. Nothing more, nothing less. Took me about 6 hours total to get all 3 endings."
,Recommended,312230,17070966,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,cardboard_shogun,I usually don't write reviews. I need to speak my mind about this game though.Spirits of Xanadu is a game that hooked me when I first launched it. The music combined perfectly with the simple menu design made me confident that the developer put thought into the details. I've always been a sucker for that in video games.It feels silly to say this but this game is an experience. It can be short if you try to rush to the end but that's not the best way to enjoy it. The film Solaris came to mind while I was investigating the abandoned hulk known as Xanadu. It's a slow burn but it scratched an itch for atmospheric horror that very few other games have. There are no jump scares but the unease I felt led to me stopping for a while. I'm excited to see what the developer will do in the future.
,Recommended,312230,15078084,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Coder JMC,"I hate sleeping. I blame this game but really the fault lies with myself. For starters, this is not a jump-scare game... it is not Five Night in Space Freddies or Dead Space, looking for the cheap scare you know is coming but still provides minutes of YouTube views. It is an atmospheric game that starts subtle; so much so that you will miss the ramp up your first play through. Do not be fooled by it's ""simple"" looking graphics or controls, this game is deep.I walked in thinking this was going to be a spooky System Shock successor; ""Oh look at me, all I have to do is fix this ship and fly it home."" The robots provide a small challenge but they are not your enemy nor are they an obstacle; they are a distraction. Keep your sanity, keep your wits, get this ship going and go home.The first time.10/10 would recommend and play again... I know there is stuff I missed and it drives me crazy. Almost crazier than the game drove me to begin with."
,Recommended,312230,15075055,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Court,"This is a really good survival horror game. Like System Shock 2, little hand holding, a spaceship to explore and fight through. Very great audio logs with outstanding voice acting, really interesting literature incorporated into the game aswell. If any of this intrigues you like it did to me, you will most likely like this game."
,Recommended,312230,17157882,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ANTCJudgment,"This...this is pretty great. I am a big fan of System Shock 2, and playing this game made me remember the good parts of it. Of course, they upped the creepy, unnerving factor of SS2 significantly, and I would have to say that this is one of the few games in recent memory that has truly unsettled me. As a big fan of psychological horror, System Shock and Sci-Fi in general, I reccomend this game. If all of the above didn't persuade you, the attention to detail in the world of the game will. The Xanadu really does look like a place that was once lived in, even more so than SS2 in my humble opinion. Pick it up!"
76561198073300109,Recommended,312230,21194826,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Toni,"Greenlit the game, bought it, played and now I'll recommend it.Despite being short, the game feels very complete, there are many things to interact with and tasks to perform around the spaceship. One very good point is that the game doesn't babysit you, if you want the solution to something that's going on you have to search, look for a tip, think and figure it out by yourself.The FPS part is very simple, not much depth, just a few guns, the basic for you to survive, shoot to kill and don't let them get you (though a ""stealth"" approach is possible to deal with some enemies). There are also different difficulty levels to satisfy your playstyle.But what this game really excells at is it's atmosphere, the mystery, the experiences you'll have, whether you understand them or not. The plot isn't given to you, you have to find out about it, imagine what happened, how it happened and why. All in all,  Spirits of Xanadu is a short but very solid experience. well worth playing.PS: Did I mention there's a zombie shooting mini-game?"
,Recommended,312230,15098542,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,c0sMyc,"This is a great atmospheric shooter, take your time in the first 4-5 rooms to get used to the controls and the ship. Kind of like Aliens/System Shock if it was an N64 game."
,Recommended,312230,22902590,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"A great game that is quite entertaining to figure out, there is no wrong way to play as you progress forward through the story. Lots of optional reading & listening material to uncover, as well as ""puzzles"" to figure out in order to progress, but nothing that should leave you too stuck as once you get an idea of whats going on it comes together for you quite well. Very enjoyable, and depending on how immersed you become in the game can be completed in a sitdown, or two, buuuut that also depends on the individual player and how much you'd like to figure everything out, which it accomplished doing to me, I wanted to know much as possible.;)**About this whole atmosphere issue, some say it dissipates at this point or that point, there are quite a few ""aha"" momentz in the game, basically go in open-minded and play however you feel, there is NO wrong way to play neccesarily, this I think is good to know, alot of criticisms of the game I am seeing are just players regretting they played a certain way, so knowing that no certain way is good or bad I think is key to the important part, having a good time..**"
,Recommended,312230,25074412,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Kaishi,"The atmosphere in this game is pretty fantastic.  Also the writing.  It reminds me of a minimalist version of System Shock meets Dead Space.It's short, sweet, and cohesive.  It feels like a fleshed-out game-jam-type production.  The systems present in the game are well-developed (lighting, basic combat, item placement, mystery) and while other systems could have been implemented, they don't feel missing to me.For example, all weapons have infinite ammo.  This means the devs didn't have to spend time balancing ammo pickups and placement, magazine sizes, overheat meters, etc.  It's an oldschool decision that works well in this environment."
76561198281484746,Recommended,312230,30827230,Posted: 29 March,all,FreakeyP,"The Xanadu has gone silent, and it's your job to wake her up, and bring her back home to earth.That might be easier said than done.You will have to solve the mystery of what has happened to the crew, fight out of control robots, and activate the ship, and bring her safely back to earth.You may ask why the graphics seem dated...This game takes place in an alternate 1980s where man is already visiting other planets, so I think the developer was trying to get the graphics to reflect that.I personally feel this was not necessary. Did they dumb down the movie Watchmen? No.I also felt that the puzzles were either direct and to the point, or very vague in what was needed to figure them out.The battles with the robots got old quick, as they became obvious in their patterns.The gameplay and controls are very simple, and solid, that anyone can play with no issues.Not the worst game I have played, but not the best either.If you are going to get this game, my recommendation is to get it while it's on special for under 5 dollars.Don't take my word for it, and check out my video by clicking on the link.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIBzzst-8fc&list=PLGCO4EfbVB6XXoAnQMUJjoEh3c2BLfHx8&index=76"
76561198196667401,Not Recommended,312230,22617415,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,dvdbillen,"It is a fun game. I didn't mind the ""plain"" graphics. It was actually refreshing for everything to seem new and clean. (Do you ever wonder why developers think you always want to slog around through sewage and decay for a whole game?)The game was pretty fun and I got interested in solving it. There's three possible endings. I got two of them...This isn't enough detail to be close to a spoiler, but part of the game is finding things and to get the great ending, really the only truly successful ending, you will be required to search every nook and cranny of the ship. It got VERY boring searching that ship. I wasted too much time searching and searching until I didn't care anymore and just quit. That's not a fun way to finish a game and so I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,312230,15461405,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,DarkFall - S5,"This game gives you a little bit of a system shock fix. It borrows from it in more ways than one. The mystery is fun to solve but only if your a sucker for this type of game, new users can be very frustrated as the combat system is unfairly tipped in the AI's favor and there is a lack of direction as to where to go what to do. Even the audio logs don't clue you. It has potential but falls a little short. Hoever having said that I did enjoy it, just maybe not worth the proce of £10.99 that I paid maybe 5.99. All in all though a fun game."
,Recommended,312230,31972574,Posted: 26 May,all,c o s m o s,"A very good homage to System Shock 2. The combat is kinda lacking, but not terrible. Story is genuinely very interesting and starts off slowly, and very subtly starts picking up as you listen to audiotapes of the crew of the ship, and slowly uncover what's going on. It's very short, as well the horror is more on the subtle level rather than jumpscarefest. If you are a fanatic of System Shock like me and want something with similar tone, get it."
,Recommended,312230,28419097,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Young_Nacho,"Solid scfi-horror game similar to system shock or dead space. There's certainly problems with it, but It's definitely worth picking up if you're into sci-fi horror games. It was a fun 4 hours and theres different endings so I'd say its worth your time."
76561198083051773,Recommended,312230,20709425,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Felli,"Spirits of Xanadu is pretty much proof that a game doesn't need to look 'next-gen' to be worth playing. It's a neat little first-person adventure/shooter, with a psychological premise, more than a blood and guts free-for-all.This little gem popped up in my discovery queue after I had been playing Cradle for a while. It was on sale so I thought, why not? It seemed to have a similar type of theme and story so I gave it a go. I'm not good with things like jumpscare or torture so I was relieved to find this game did psychological horror perfectly without the need for such gimmicks. From beginning to end you feel incredibly uneasy, jumpy even. Every corner, every hallway makes you look behind you and every so often, you'll find yourself asking if what just flickered in your sight, too brief to catch, was ineed real.One of the most intriguing concepts of the entire game are the little 'events' that trigger from time to time. Without giving anything away, it catches your attention every time and keeps you alert and if nothing else, nervous.The story is extremely well written in it's simplicity and gives you just enough about each character to visualize their personalities while still letting your own mind shape the bigger picture. There isn't a lot of story 'visible', it's all hidden in the bits and pieces of the logs left behind by each of the crew. The story unfolds itself only if you seek it out actively, rather than force it upon you. This to me is much more rewarding.The controls are rather straightforward, if a bit awkward at first with a controller. However once you get started it's smooth and responsive.It's a short game, 4-6 hours if you take your time, but it's a GOOD 4-6 hours and worth an extra playthrough if you're looking for the multiple endings. Not all games have to be long to be memorable.This look of the game really does fall in with the 80's sci-fi vibe they were going for and the simplistic visuals actually drew me in more than pushed me away. No graphic glitches to be seen and let's just say trying to line up that basketball shot is nearly as difficult in game as it is in real life. The space, despite it's simplicity feels in scale and there's a ton of small things to investigate. From the old boomboxes that play actual music, to a toaster you can interact and even donuts and soda you can snack on in passing, it's clear the Devs were looking at the little things that bring you into a scene.One of the most memorable things to me was seeing the signage on the ship written in both chinese characters and in English, and how that detail emphasizes more about the crew aboard the ship. A lot of care went into crafting the small universe.It's worth picking up for sure if you have the chance and like a sci-fi story that doesn't hand you all the details on a plate."
76561197970297660,Recommended,312230,15128549,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Bugga,"""Now arriving at Citadell station""The unity-bred ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of System Shock 2 and Deus Ex directed by Stanley Kubrick.Retro kicks to the dozen, dark corridors and lasers, space! SPAAAAACEEEEE!10/10"
76561198030528976,Recommended,312230,22840203,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Iophiel,"A really immersive game! It is true what others say about the graphics -- even though they are somewhat oldschool and there's not really any textures to make it look terribly realistic, it doesn't detract from the gameplay.Very interesting storyline, multiple ending possibilities.I know it was a pretty good game when I want to go back and re-play it to try out all the endings (and get all the achievements), which I did here.They did a great job of pulling you into the story and really immersing you in their environment. None of the puzzles were so hard that I had to stop and look up how to complete them, which really keeps you ""in"" the game. It was freaky, intruiging, and somewhat challenging. There's not much more I look for in a game, other than length.Regarding length, this one will probably only take you a few hours if you play through just the one time and don't care about achievements. But for the price, I thought it was quite worth it."
,Recommended,312230,27499469,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tyranniac,"A really interesting and atmospheric experience that is well worth it's cost. It's a shame this game seems relatively unknown! Playing it brings to mind both Alien and 2001.Pros:-Atmospheric-Strong Story-Striking, simple aestheticCon:-Respawning Enemies"
76561197970396484,Recommended,312230,30044226,Posted: 19 February,all,maggrand,It's a great game in the spirit(pun) of the System Shock kind of game. If you don't mind the simple graphic then you will have a great time. Okey now i have to get back to play the game :)
76561198000318945,Recommended,312230,31345425,Posted: 24 April,all,Trrcn,"I want to begin with noting the length of the game.  This game could easily be completed in fifteen minutes up to an hour if you want to find everything on a blind run.  That being said let's being.In Spirits of Xanadu you control a nameless female space detective on a mission to investigate what happened to the crew of four on the space vessel 'Xanadu'. While on the ship, everything is done in the 1st person perspective almost in the exact way as System Shock. You get two weapons, you figure puzzles to turn on computers, get passcodes to doors, etc.  All the while you shoot at, hack, or escape robots which try to kill you.  Without revealing too much more I'll leave it at that and say it's an eerie and welcome experience for so cheap.Get it if it's under $10.  It'll get your System Shock urges down until the real deal releases from this very same company later in the year."
,Recommended,312230,20118019,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gill-o'-lantern,"A short, but atmospheric and thoroughly enjoyable sci-fi game that takes inspiration primarily from Alien and System Shock 2, with some noticeable smaller influences from Deus Ex. Most easily described as a mini-System Shock 2 with just the robotic enemies. Highly recommended if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,312230,16387819,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Random Cat Gaming,"Playing Spirits of Xanadu brings me back to an old sci-fi roleplaying place aka the system shock 2 era. The atmosphere although not very scary, is very reminiscant of all the old sci-fi first person games I used to play.The game is quite easy to play as it's a normal first person adventure game, the parts that are difficult are the shooting parts. The mouse tracking is incredibly finicky and needs to be changed within the options to make it easier to actually shoot enemies if you're spotted. Sadly the respawns are a bit weird as you end up in the brig everytime you ""die"".Anyway, all in all Spirits of Xanadu is a game worth playing, it might be short and the puzzles might be difficult, but please play it!"
76561198083068272,Recommended,312230,18961497,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,TheBeak,"Spirits of Xanadu is a fun, flawed take on the first person adventure/horror genre with sci-fi twists that reckon of System Shock 2, Alien Isolation, Event Horizon and other deep space, science fiction creepfests.  My time with the game was well-spent even if it was a bit short overall.  In the game you play as the stalwart, lone space technician who docks with the Xanadu in order to fix its systems, find out what happened to the crew and bring that sucker back to Earth.Those looking for high-tech, top-tier graphics won't get 'em here, but the old school flavor and visual design does lend Xanadu some atmosphere and weirdness that is unique.  They won't push your PC to the max, yet they look good and are perfectly dim n' grungy with dynamic lightning and some vibrant color hues shaking things up.  Where Xanadu shines even brighter is in the sound department.  You'll frequently find yourself looking over your shoulder to find out the source of various robotic chirps, whirrs and buzzes.  My dog would bark at the computer as I performed various actions which is a pretty good sign.  She normally could give a ruff less if I'm playing a game.The meat of Xanadu lies within its gameplay.  You're free to explore the ship at your pace, opening drawers, activing utilities, fixing broken ship systems, reading files, collecting audio logs, etc.  There is no voice acting from your character so it's up to the audio logs to provide you with important details and they get the job done admirably with solid writing and above-par narration from the cast.  You can literally beat this game quickly or take your time with it (which is what I chose to do) and there's not much in terms of waypoints, guidance or hand-holding.  The way you feel like you are the trigger and catalyst for everything that happens in the game is immersive and welcome in this day and age.  You have a vague sense of what to do but the HOW is on your shoulders.Roughly 75% of the gameplay revolves around finding as much info as you can find and getting the ship in flying shape while the remaining 25% revolves around combat.  There are only a few guns to find and if you don't take the time to thoroughly explore you're probably going to miss at least one on your first playthrough.  You'll face opposition in the form of different robots controlled by the ship's defense AI and even on the hard difficulty setting they put up a decent fight.  Your character isn't Herculean and a few successive beatings will kill you, so you need to take careful aim and adopt the ol' shoot first/ask questions later strategy.  The shooting is completely serviceable but not top-tier FPS; charmingly adding to the tension of trying to survive.  Even if you die you don't lose any progress and save stations are scattered generously enough around the Xanadu that you will never lose giant chunks of playtime.  Some of these things make Xanadu a tad on the easy side, even if you bother bumping up the difficulty.  And once you clear the ship of hostiles (at least on hard, not sure about ironman), it stays clear.  So, it's a true possibility that you will eventually destroy every enemy in the game.  You can play the game on a ""peaceful"" setting with no combat occuring unless you willingly harass the robotic guards, but this didn't seem very enticing to me as part of the fun was worrying about getting cut down by violent robo-security while rummaging through desk drawers.As everyone probably knows, there are multiple endings to be found in the game and I was able to uncover them all without resorting to a walkthrough.  You don't really even need to start the game over to get them all, but I took on a second playthrough anyway just to experience the action a second time.  While the Xanadu itself is a rather small setting, it's totally possible to get lost a few times and for a fairly short horror game (the norm mostly these days), there's a surprising amount to find, see and do in the time you spend with it.  I recommend a deliberate pace and taking your time, because it did feel rewarding gathering most of the achievements in this game (I'm at 84% right now).  Overall, Xanadu was alot of fun to play and I'm completely happy with the money spent on this one.  It's not perfect but it does more than enough to please horror fans that have seen/done most everything in the genre like myself.Pros:-Dark, intriguing storyline unfolds in a captivating minimalism-Great setting recalls classic horror/sci-fi film and games from the past-Excllent sound design with well-done voiceovers-Gameplay is devoid of hand-holding which allows you to experience the game at your own pace-Atmospheric graphics are not high end but get the job done-Fun Steam achievements worth spending time to gather-Multiple endings-Combat is fun and satisfyingCons:-Despite its general enjoyability and replay value, Xanadu is fairly short-Sometimes the graphics are a little too blocky-Controls are solid but not overly tight leading to a few uncessary deaths-You can get all of the endings without effectively starting the game over-Only a scant few weapon choices (a secret gun or two would have been fun to find)Final score:  8/10Verdict:  Xanadu would make a good double-header with other offbeat FPS horror adventures like Betrayer.  It's a different ball of wax than something like Betrayer with its own very unique flavor.  I've been pretty hooked on working and playing through Deadcore when I started Xanadu but as soon as I started this game I had to put Deadcore down for the time being.  Spirits of Xanadu sucked me in and I immediately had to dedicate my free gaming time over the last two days consistently to Spirits of Xanadu and only it once I got started and I totally enjoyed the experience!"
76561198040497985,Recommended,312230,15456906,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Millmoss,"If you want a fun game that doesn't demand too much of your time, this game is for you. Much of the content in the game is optional and the environment that is created is very atmospheric. My only complaint about this game is that the robots are not too fun to fight. However, you can switch it to peaceful mode, so I'm okay with that.I give this game a 4/5."
,Recommended,312230,20480473,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mr. Wobble Spanky,"One of those games I had consult online help to figure out. I did it because I thought the game was broken (it isn't), not because I couldn't get my brain to noggin the puzzle. Certain task cues, mainly the power allocation part, need to be made more obvious.But as a fan of 2001: A Space Odyssey, I enjoyed it. If you play it, make sure you see all of the possible endings."
76561197986304403,Not Recommended,312230,15114245,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Shad0w,"Gameplay it's self is okey, you are not told where to go, and you must explore station by yourself. Not a scary game, but the audiologs are nice way to learn to what happened in the station. Overall, when i completed the game (2hrs) my first thought was "" Did i really pay 15e for 2h gameplay"" It was a let down, just when i expected to access new area for the game,  there was the end. And it was not satisfying ending. I was truly thinking that i was just passed so called tutorial level, and real game would start. but nope. Atmosphere is fine in this game, but i can't really recommend anyone to waste 15e for 2h gameplay.."
76561198048386169,Recommended,312230,33468132,Posted: 11 July,all,Road Warrior,I was pleasantly surprised by this simple yet entertaining game! I had to put in a little bit of work to find all of the hidden messages and pages but I learned the entire layout of the ship while piecing the story together and enjoyed it the whole time - Good Game! 7/10
,Recommended,312230,21020508,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,dairy farmer,"System Shock with simplified combat, minus RPG elements, boiled down into a 3-4 hour experience.The game has some very obvious System Shock (2) influences -- the layout of the ship, the sound of your footsteps on metal, the select-fire laser pistol, and even the audio log icons pretty much all scream ""System Shock 2"". And despite the game's length, it's also home to a surprising number of other sci-fi game and movie references.As mentioned, there is no real RPG-like progression, and even though you have a weapon, it's almost more of a tool for solving problems (in the form of enemies).The writing is surprisingly competent, as are the puzzles. Even more surprising is the quality of the audio log voiceovers. They're at least on par with SS2, if perhaps even a bit better than some of SS2's voice actors.Graphics aren't exactly impressive, as you can see from the screenshots, but they get the job done and at the very least don't hurt your eyes. I think there could've been improvement on making more obvious what items can be interacted with though, which would've helped with some puzzles.As a warning, this game does contain some moderate atmospheric tension. At times you'll experience some environmental surprises that keep you on edge, but there are no cheap jump-scares, unless perhaps you run around a corner too fast and run into an enemy."
,Recommended,312230,15444144,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Flutterz,"A sci-fi story similar to ""Solaris"", ""Sphere"", and ""2001"" in the form of a psychological horror game."
,Recommended,312230,25869970,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,erradical,"I bought this game when it first came out because it looked like something I would enjoy and I have not been disappointed. Wandering around an abandoned space ship, shooting at robots and running away from them, solving simple puzzles, that's fun for me. It's nice that the developer is still supporting the game with updates and bugfixes."
,Recommended,312230,21136746,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Threedogawoo,"Played 35 minutes of it, and instantly fell in love. Great atmosphere, great sound design. The game has no hand holding, and yet doesn't feel confusing. If you can think out what to do, it is great. Combat isn't the best, but it isn't bad. I recommend this game to everyone. One of the best games from 2015."
76561198018706338,Recommended,312230,29234867,Posted: 13 January,all,Undead_Fanatic,"The main thing you need to know about this game is that it is very minimalist.The game drops you in, gives you a mission and then you're on your own. You have to read notes, listen to audio logs and explore each room carefully or you might miss something. There's three endings although the terms good and bad don't really apply to any of them. So long as you investigate everything, it's pretty clear what choices will lead to which of the two endings. The third ending is more obscure but it might be sublte insult.Gameplay is quite simple. Combat isn't too challenging so long as you don't play like an idiot and run blindly into rooms filled with enemies. You have to save at terminals but they're evenly spread out for the most part. Although the few times I did die, it didn't seem to do anything. Some enemies respawned but some small enemies respawn on timers so who knows if death had anything to do with it.Overall, I really enjoyed my time with it. There were two times I got fairly frustrated and didn't know what to do but I backtracked a bit and found what I missed so I'm not upset at the game for it or anything."
,Recommended,312230,15070241,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Shadix,"A very nice homage to the ideas behind SS2, a good buy for the price IMO, but 13 bucks might be a bit skeptical for those who aren't die hards of SS2 memorabilia."
,Recommended,312230,29307678,Posted: 16 January,all,Kryyss,"What would happen, if you took System Shock 2 and stripped away all of the RPG elements and turned it into a short story? Well, you'd get Spirits of Xanadu.Without a doubt this game will satisfy a bit of that itch you may have waiting for the system shock 1 remake that is currently in development. (http://systemshock.com/) But it is by no means going to satisfy you entirely. The atmosphere in SoX begins with the typical scenaro of having a shipwide blackout due to a power issue. It sets the tone nicely with some bizzare insanity effects and hallucinations but stumbles over itself in several places due to counter-productive design. For example, every time you 'die' you respawn in the Brig which is right next to the bridge so you sometimes find this as being helpful. This respawning mechanic actually sucks a ton of the tension out of the game and makes it less enjoyable in some ways but also mercifully less frustrating at others. I'm talking of course of the suicide-bots. In system SS2 style, all the robots in the game will respawn even in areas you have previously cleared and this helps the game to maintain the tension even when revisiting parts of the ship. But the design of these bots is really not very balanced. Can you outrun them? No, they run as fast as the player. Can you gun them down while back peddling? Almost. The only way to survive is to actually run to a gravity-elevator or find a raised platform but both of these means of escape are rarely available on board the Xanadu.In short, unless you encounter them at quite a distance then you're almost certain to die. This really needs to be adjusted because they become a real pain. But as I said, the respawning mechanic is a blessing when it comes to these kinds of deaths. Also, the creepy atmosphere is lost once you restore power to the ship and then it becomes far less tense. I'd actually go so far as to sugget the developers patch this to go from the shipwide black-out to dimmed emergency lighting which will maintain the atmosphere but allow you to see more clearly than the flashlight allows for alone.The storyline is delivered in typical SystemShock/DeusEx style with you discovering written logs, audio recordings and even post-it notes scattered around the place. Furthermore the developers have been devious enough to really require the player to think hard in order to achieve some of the more difficult puzzles. Speaking of the puzzles, they are nicely varied and not simply a 'find key, take key to this area - rinse and repeat' which often plagues many FPS puzzle games or walking simulators. To give you one example, you come across a whiteboard with some engineering notes and some numbers written in two columns upside down. This doesn't mean much at first until you notice a nearby room with certain systems offline and on the panels are buttons with numbers that, when pressed, sum together to produce a voltage. Put simply, the whiteboard tells you what voltage each subsystem needs and you need to do a little math to figure out which buttons produce the correct total. It's not rocket science, but its a nice brain teaser and produces that pleasing 'Ah ha!' moment when the solution to puzzles suddenly come together in your mind. SoX does this many times and does it very well.Visually the game won't win any awards but this is certainly one of the times when the gameplay itself is the greatest appeal. The voice acting on the audio logs themselves is fantastic and the storyline, while not very original, is presented in a way that is entertaining. My only complaint is that the strong language used in one of the audio logs was completely unessersary and when its being shouted at the top of the actors voice you really have to wonder why the developers felt that was required. Thankfully I was playing the game with my headphones on because my children were in the room and they hear enough of that kind of language at school.Spirits of Xanadu currently retails for a reasonable price of £7 and, although I picked it up on discount, I would honestly say it is worth the normal asking price if you don't mind how short the game is. There are two different endings which adds to the replay value but you are really going to have to work those brain-cells to achieve the 'failed mission' ending. I really hope we see more from this development team in the future because they have some really talented people on-board."
,Recommended,312230,22637722,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Spaceman Moses,"Really enjoyed this game. It's very short, but ... it's basically beat for beat a game I always wanted to make - you're just someone who is tasked with getting a spaceship back home, and you get no further directions or hand holding.I do wish I had known before beginning that the developers were smart and that you don't have to shoot everything that moves. You can even choose the peaceful mode if you want to.It's just very satisfying."
76561197991694157,Recommended,312230,27911105,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DarkVolter,From what a Indie Developer can really do. To a clever well contructed little game.-Pros: Strickly unqiue and fair amount of game that has you on a simple edge of dark corners with spooks and small jumps.-Cons: Enough exploring to find the back story and only a small amount of so far to go. Other then that it deserves a single thumbs up and a smile.
,Recommended,312230,34838222,Posted: 9 September,all,[=NM=] Jutral,"Amusing short little game. Nothing overly special, but it provides a short sci-fi story with some ""okay"" graphics. Good play for about 90 minutes--so, buy at the right price point."
76561197968395460,Recommended,312230,16977011,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,JohnnyTheWolf,"This hidden gem from the studio who brought System Shock 2 back is a short but sweet love letter to the classic FPS/RPGs of the late 90s/early 2000s.PROS:+ Intriguing story+ Retro aesthetics+ Decent replayability+ Excellent voice-acting+ ""King of the Dead"" mini-game+ Deus Ex and System Shock 2 references+ Interactive computer terminals a la DooM 3+ Open-ended gameplay and multiple endings+ Immersive integration of the map system and objective markers+ Five difficulty levels, including Peaceful (no combat) and Ironman (no respawn) settingsCONS:- Poorly advertised, even for an indie game!- Simplistic stealth and combat- Few interactive objects- Infinite enemy respawn- Not particularly original- Anticlimactic endings- Not particularly scary- Fairly expensive- Fairly short"
76561197960421749,Recommended,312230,17100960,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,McGroober,"A short, yet fasciating, exploration-based game wherein the player explores a ghost ship set adrift around an alien world, attempting to figure out what happened to the crew.Though the graphics are straight out of '98, the atmosphere of the game is pretty spot-on; it leaves you feeling very alone and on-edge if you allow yourself to be immersed.  Might be considered a 'walking simulator' by many gamers, as the minimal FPS combat feels tacked on as an afterthought and death has no real consequences.  However, a really fascinating story unravels as you explore the game world and piece together what happened to the ship's inhabitants.There are a few intuitive puzzles to solve, but the majority of the gameplay boils down to simple exploration.  While not a 'horror' game in its own right, it can be downright creepy and unsettling.  There is a definate sense of foreboding as you explore.Provides a solid 2-4 hours of gameplay, perhaps more if you seek out all of the hidden secret content and wish to unlock the additional two endings."
76561198070441279,Recommended,312230,21611960,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mal-Adjusted,"The legacy of System Shock lives on in Spirits of Xanadu.It would be very difficult to deny the influence of the landmark PC classic (as well as the film Alien) as you timidly explore the tense, creepy corrodors of the Xanadu, attempting to repair the ship and discover what happened to the missing crew via emails and audio logs.The minimalist texture pallett on offer might make this look like an asset-flip on first glance but it is often a beautiful, haunting experience, capable of some stunning visuals.While the combat is a bit on the easy side and you'll soon run out of enemies to block your path, the feeling of isolation and terror lurking around every corner and watching from the shadows never leaves you; it's a fantastically atmospheric game. It's even more amazing when you consider it was made by just two people and knows more about horror than the entire towns' worth of staff wrking on the last Resident Evil!Spirits of Zanadu is short but you certainly get your money's worth. It comes off as a passion project and you can tell that the developers put their all into it. Night Dive Studios (fast becomming my favourite developer/publisher) as well as Allen Trivette & Lee Williams have done a fantastic job."
,Recommended,312230,18104574,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,CitizenX3639,"A very noticeable homage to Stanley Kubrick films, Spirits Of Xanadu is a simple exploration game that while devoid of originality and plagued by some bugs its still is a worthy experience due to its atmosphere, attention to sound, story and voice acting.In the game you are on a mission to rescue the ship Xandu(for its cargo) and if possible the 3 member crew. Once you receive your orders upon boarding the ship at the start of the game you are free to explore at your leisure. Your only obstacle are robots and turrets scattered throughout  the ship who will knock you unconscious but never kill you. You have a few weapons to combat the never ending(and annyoing respawning) robots, but once you retrieve the machine gun they pose no threat. The shooting is super satisfying and i would play a FPS in this world with these graphics.Speaking of graphics, Spirits of Xandu doesn't look like a modern game, rather a game from the early to mid 2000's but damn it runs and looks great. I actually had reservations but let me just say screenshots do not do the engine any service.Luckily, (almost)everything(even why you are not killed) is explained in audio, written pages, or emails placed throughout the ship providing the background of the characters and the story of what happened upon their mission. Again as in Kubrick films you will not be given the full blown 1+1=2, your imagination and sometimes what is not know or seen is the best story. You will however, Deus EX style, be given a choice which will have consequences on the ending where you be provided a short movie.Spirits of Xandu is very limited in gameplay as my first play though took 2-3 hours as i looked for every message(counter for collectibles) but its the experience i enjoyed as well as the story. There are so many things i want to discuss but each would be spoiler as i saw things that are easily missed or maybe no one has ever seen or heard. A must play for adventure gamers and fans of Kubrick movies as you will not be disappointed.Recommend playing in the dark with headphones.PositivesSolid space exploration gameGood voice acting and writingA couple jump scaresSo many little hidden moments, trippySped run 2nd time in under 15 minutes(to see alt. ending)NegativesSpawning is annoying and doesn't make sense for the story, locationEasy to miss solutions to puzzlesGame breaking bug at the endStory is not original but still good"
76561198088625760,Recommended,312230,17055533,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,mastergmoore,"I was an original backer for the game on greenlight. This game is hard, it forces you to think, and understand what is going on. If you want to run through the game as fast as possible you will get the ending you deserve. It makes you look for secrets, clues, lore, ect. In all the game is fun and you will have a blast. ****Note**** there is a rare bug in the game where you will fall out of the ship and go through reentry on Xanadu and die. If you save the game and exit to the main menu it fixes this problem and you won't fall out of the ship."
76561197987283439,Recommended,312230,21191947,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TheBigBadPanda,"It really is remarkable how much ""Good Morning, Commander"" have accomplished with the very simple components the game is built with!A neat, focussed little game which should be of interest to anyone who enjoyed the System Shock games or Bioshock. Pick it up cheap for an hour or two of space mystery and lasers."
76561198356889867,Recommended,312230,31256121,Posted: 20 April,all,K. Haggard,"A short, interesting little adventure into space with multiple endings, a solid story and a bunch of amusing easter eggs.The story is akin to such sci fi movies as ""event horizon"" and ""solaris."" a bit closer to solaris.I'll be playing through it again, as I initiated the bad ending, and it wont let you load the last save point:( But I don't mind a second play through, it was quite enjoyable."
76561198078098282,Recommended,312230,24563051,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Edgar Degas,"The space eighties never looked so interesting. Do not get discouraged the aesthetics at first sight. This game is a grower. At first it is kind of hostile and darkness seems to be a little forced... but don't be fooled...you can turn on the lights and then...you can focus on the story instead. It is not a walking simulator, there is some shooting involved.If you like good stories with measured pacing, this game is for you. The story can captivate you if you are an inquisitive person. If you want just to accomplish the mission, go for it, you can (but you're going to miss a very good story). Unity engine runs smoothly, the game is well optimized.8/10 game is immersiveand rely on story and exploration to make a good decision for the end.Achivements are fun. I felt like I was in the set of the movie Sunshine (2007)."
,Recommended,312230,21978807,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Pèpè Silvia,"A very atmospheric fps with a few puzzles, and great story. While the game is fairly short (~4 hrs on my first playthrough), there are 3 different endings to add a little replayablility.The story will keep you interested and looking for more clues as to what happened to the ship\crew as you try to sneak around security 'bots' to progress which will keep you on edge. There are no cheesy jump scares or pointless puzzles, it's straight forward and engaging!There is no ""hand-holding"", you will need to use a little bit of your brain to figure out where to go and what to do (this is made easier with maps and clues placed around the ship).The gfx are mediocre; but this was created mainly by one guy, and anyone who enjoys gaming knows that while gfx can make a good game better, they don't always make a good game on their own. If you can look past that minor flaw then it will be much more enjoyable IMO.If you like sci-fi games with immersive stories, and a small touch of dread\horror, this is a must buy!8.5\10"
,Recommended,312230,15095894,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ref,"I like it. It has a really cool feel to it. Definitely needs some fixing on the R2-D2 looking robots. They're broken as all hell. xD Anyways, I made a play through of it if anyone wants to check it out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9ZYEMjf7H4There's a lot of us that make these play throughs. We should build a small community, link to each-others channels and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do some multiplayer games or something, it'd help a lot with subs too. I think it'd be cool."
76561198033241153,Not Recommended,312230,16761611,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Shodan v3.0,"Will ask for a refund.PROS:- very good story and atmosphere- even tho it's not as good it reminds me of System ShockCONS:- I get a game breaking bugs (2 rooms I can't enter, just fell through the ship and died every time; how is something as unplayable even on store)Bottom Line:Wait till it's patched up which it clearly isn't to this point"
,Recommended,312230,15153260,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,4wake,"Fun game, but I'm not sure if it's worth ~$15. That's Minecraft territory and while this game is neat, it is not big or large or long by any means."
76561198008582046,Recommended,312230,16616805,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Grahost,"Music in games are important, but sometimes silence is much more important. And in Space, silence is the only company you have. Silence and darkness"
76561198028855160,Recommended,312230,20096662,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Knight Of The Choking Chicken,"Pros:-Highly interactive environment-Leaves you to piece together the story through audiologs and notes-Great voice acting and writing-Creepy atmosphere-Puzzles require you to think-Has a bit of humor-Strange hallucinations-LOTS of little details and secrets which reward multiple playthroughs-Multiple endings-Gives you different options to solve a problem-Gives you the peaceful difficulty if you just like doing puzzles or are just achievement hunting-Can only save game at terminalsCons:-Combat isn't the greatest, the bots are basically bullet sponges and can be annoying to fight-Though i personally don't mind it some puzzles can be confusing at first-The ship isn't that big, after about 30 minutes you've probably seen all of it-The save system may be annoying for some peopleConclusion:-One of my favourite indie games."
,Recommended,312230,20412730,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,sate,this is not system shock 3but it's probably the closest thing to it
,Recommended,312230,21396228,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","This game is pretty enjoyable. It's also about 2 hours short, some more if you get all the achievements.Graphics are simple as you see but convey the athmosphere of being in a ghostship. But no jumpscares.There are some puzzles like put an electrical fuse somewhere but nothing too difficult except for the ""hidden"" endings. There is also some shooting robots kinda like one floor of System Shock.You get to know the 3 person crew, listen to the logs and learn of their fate.Ammo is unlimited and health will restore after not taking damage for a while.Simple but very entertaining game. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,312230,21928148,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,TrevimusPrime,"Short, but very enjoyable. Spirits of Xanadu delivers a precise, focused experience whilst at the same time, not holding your hand.Would recommend"
76561198087713157,Recommended,312230,26495860,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Argyle,"This seems a lot like System Shock 2, except inferior in every way besides approachability. But then again I love SS2 so check it out. It's story isn't nearly as deep as others, but it holds up the intrigue better than most."
,Recommended,312230,22886855,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,defibrillator_saurus,"Fantastic game, can definitely see the homage to System Shock 2. Great tense gameplay, interesting story. 9/10"
76561198065806040,Recommended,312230,22580176,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,ednooooo,Amazing! It's amazing that such a seemingly simple game can create such an intense sense of fear and dred. A must play for horror fans!
,Recommended,312230,17074106,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Alan Tryth,Excellent bit-sized horror game reminiscent of system shock.
76561197972072638,Recommended,312230,21841877,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,KoolKrax,Space Odyssey all over again.
,Recommended,312230,28730292,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,blaa,"Great game with beautiful, clean aesthetics and an intriguing story and atmosphere.However of the three enemy types two are incredibly annoying and only those two respawn.It´s still a must have if you like retro-scifi/retrofuturism, 80s atmosphere, horror/mystery games and open world(ship) style games, but would honestly have been a lot more fun with better enemy design."
,Recommended,312230,24637024,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,PhD.Q,Short and intriguing. Absolutely worth giving a try when on sale.
,Recommended,312230,25085695,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Soren1015,"Never before has the question ""Would you like to play some basket ball?"" Stuck such fear in me.In all seriousness though, solid little game. Nice exploration and not overbearning on the action (the robots don't respawn so once you kill them, they're down) oh yeah and multiple endings (3). Personally I think it was worth 10 bucks, if you're unsure then flag it to your wishlist and grab it when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,312230,35090259,Posted: 20 September,all,npocmaka,Spirits of Xanadu
76561198026214145,Recommended,312230,20464837,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Shades_For_Sha3es,"Within my first 15 minutes I have made a few, new lifestyle decisions.1. kill my toaster... maybe even the coffee maker2. all robots are not to be trustedComing from a studio responsible for system shock 2 I walked into this expecting a similar atmosphere, which I got within the first 15 minutes... Maybe I can play this game to completion... unlike SS2 , which I was too much of a chicken to finish.I would totally recomend it for the price !!!"
,Recommended,312230,18890061,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Metalzoa,"A perfect example of how you don't need blood, gore, or jumpscares to make a thrilling horror game. BravoP.S. if you think the game is a bit short maybe you should try finding ALL THREE ENDINGS"
,Not Recommended,312230,29950575,Posted: 15 February,all,Auspicious Signs,"I don't know how this has managed to gain 'Very Positive' reviews. I like sci-fi mystery so I picked this up in sale and requested a refund after about 20 minutes. 'Horror' means fuddling around in the dark, unable to see, equipped with a squirt gun to take on a bunch of uninspired, clanking robots. It just isn't fun."
76561198228941028,Not Recommended,312230,24917197,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,casual_gamer_guy,"The game has interesting premise, and there's some depth to the story. However, the actual gameplay is very tedious. Progress, especially for the ""good"" ending, relies on finding items scattered throughout the ship, and there's unclear logic with regard to where those items might be. As a result, it becomes necessary to check all rooms and open all drawers / containers. The fact that the character starts in a totally dark ship with only a flashlight and a gun made early exploration more annoying. Much of the game's length is due to this search for items and bits of information. It becomes very obvious on replays -- with knowledge of all the important information (e.g. location of required items, coordinate for destination you want), the game itself can be completed in about 10 minutes."
,Recommended,312230,26052774,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MMMrph,Solid little System Shock style game.
,Recommended,312230,17073673,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,UltraMan✫,Makes you glad you never achieved that childhood dream of becoming an astronaut.It's some f###ed up s*** happening on this spaceship.
76561198111667106,Not Recommended,312230,33980361,Posted: 2 August,all,notsure1066,"A fairly simple game that creates an intense atmosphere that suffers ultimately from being ultimately shallow.If you haven't heard it already I'm here to tell you again, this is a System Shock rip off. The robot enemies are a complete copy of a particular System Shock enemy. From how it looks and how it ""attacks"" you. The story is, again, a System Shock  rip off. I won't go into detail as to not ruin the plot of either game but just know that it has the same overall plot with the antagonist being the same character with a different costume sort of speak. What is very different about this game from System Shock is it's length. I beat the game in under 3 hours, which for 10 bucks asking price I think makes it too short.What I will say this game got right is it's atmosphere. The lighting in particular was pretty effective in setting up an immersive experience, at times. However, there where times where I thought the design was uninspired. The bridge felt rather empty for how big it was. It made me laugh even, to see such a huge room to ocupied by very little.My advice, if you want this game, buy it when it's on sale for at least 50% off."
,Not Recommended,312230,16917524,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,[Ƭŋƈϣ] fagsterstaff,"The tag ""psychological horror"" should be removed from this game's store page.It transforms into a basic FPS where you shoot stuff in the dark after a few minutes. It's hardly immersive too; there are way too many ennemies for any suspense to create."
76561198064776689,Not Recommended,312230,22619017,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Jesus_Lord_of_Porn,"Maybe this game just wasn't for me, but I really didn't like the design, or pacing, or any of it honestly.  For $2.50, im not gonna lose any sleep over it, but I wouldn't spend $10."
,Not Recommended,312230,28455852,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,alison,"This game could be the greatest game in the world, but i will never know, because its save system is a piece of garbage. It appears to be some kind of sci-fi horror thing where you walk around an empty spaceship and try to figure out what's going on. I bought it completely blind based on a positive review from a Steam friend of mine who almost never recommends games. Unfortunately it does not have any kind of save mechanism, besides finding the occasional in-game terminal. You can't even have more than one save game. So look forward to peering around pitch black rooms only to throw away 15-30 minutes of progress the moment a robot spots and kills you. I don't have time for that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,312230,30425827,Posted: 10 March,all,【=◈Mixia◈=】,"For some odd reason none of the PCs I tried to play this game on could run it at a decent fpsIt's probably good if it agrees with your PC hardware, which it never did for me"
76561198025646866,Not Recommended,312230,24538231,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,kitku,"I bought this game when it cost only 3 euro and I am happy because it's not worth more money. This game really wanted to be as good as System Shock 2 but it's a joke. Of course I don't say this game is a total crap but it's really not a game I would recommend to someone. I was completely bored after 1 hour of my gameplay. There is so many darkness in this game but it's not even scary and also our opponents are .. weak and useless. Plot is not interesting but we can have some fun in finding all of these documents..Hmm, anything more ? Sounds in the game are made by someone who has no idea how to make some atmosphere, it's just boring. That's why remember - you can check this game but please don't waste your money if it costs more than 3 euro on sale :) That's my opinion."
,Recommended,312230,32957760,Posted: 28 June,all,TeenJackBauer,7/10 TJBs
76561198107315646,Not Recommended,312230,21610989,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,steven340,"I was quite looking forward to this game, as I love a good Sci-fi game setting. The concept sounded good, some good reviews also helped sway my decision to purchase the game, however I think my mistake was probably playing Alien Isolation before playing this game.Both these games have a very similar storyline, both set in space and on an abandoned space station where strange things have happened (we'll say no more to avoid spoiling it for anyone}, and of course we go in by ourselves to find out whats been going on. On paper the story is sound but in practise the Spirits of Xanadu left me feeling like I was back in the 1990s. The visual style can be forgiven somewhat, as I was fairly prepared for that after seeing the video on the store page. What I didn't expect to find is a virtually non-existant learning curve when it comes dealing with the kamikaze style robots onboard who immediately start shooting at you almost as soon as you set foot on the station. You have a weapon of course too which comes in pretty damn handy straight away, not like in Alien Isolation where you picked up weapons over time, but at least in that game you didn't have quite a much to deal with from the start, and you were very capable of sneaking past the enemy and avoiding any combat.In Spirits of Xanadu however it was almost a regular occurrance, and one that is immediately so frustrating that for me anyway I decided it was too much too soon, and gave up. It seemed like gaming had taken a gigantic step backwards in terms of playability.I can appreciate that combat in games like these is a necessary requirement, but when there is very little (or not at all in this case) learning curve to ease you into a particularly simple and dare I say it 'old style' of shooting game, reminiscent of playing Doom many years ago, just with plainer graphics and simpler but just as deadlier A.I.Yes I am over 40 and have played many games of this kind before, but frankly this game needs a lot more work to become a more enjoyable gaming experience."
76561198060373871,Recommended,312230,15063192,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,opcode666,I am searching for message logs of Dr. Polito now.10/10 its System Shock with controller support
76561197970745594,Not Recommended,312230,18853201,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,everwidening,not worth it..got thru the game in 2hrs..so sorry i paid $5 for it..
,Not Recommended,312230,20386050,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,NeuroSerpens,"Another piece of... software, made on a tutorial adventure.No optimizations at all. The graphics are horrible and I still get low fps on the lowest graphics configuration.Last, but not least, if you're an old school speedrunner you can speedrun through this game on less than 10 minutes!Refund pending."
76561197971878112,Not Recommended,312230,15330547,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,BigStrongMike,"It's an under-done atmospheric thriller that shouldnt take more than a few hours  to beat . You're better off playing DOOM3 . Don't pay more than a few dollars for this game.That's all I really need to say about the game but, there's more i want to.Like how I really like the atmosphere of the game at first, how I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by machines over and over and over and just turned the game difficulty setting to peaceful and found the game to be more enjoyable without combat of any kind ( that's both very cool and incredibly sad). How the way the game tries to ♥♥♥♥ with you is undenibaly lame compared to classics like eternal darkness on the dreamcast or Doom3 a decade old game that still holds up and wrote the whole ♥♥♥♥ing book on the modern horror game .All this game offered me was a few minutes eliciting intense feelings of isolation and ""what comes next"" a little bit of mystery story problem solving,intense frustration (at the lack of direction, the combat system, the respawn system), a built in way to cheat (ty peaceful mode) And an overall very underwhelming  and unrewarding progression through the Xanadu and its lame♥♥♥♥♥spirits.The worst part is this game is just a shell, it has potential...a lot of it, just fell too short of the line to make me not feel robbed of my 13$and change for this turd."
,Not Recommended,312230,16866174,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ivobrowny,"I requested a refund. (yay, it's possible now!) It had some issues with the sound. Also, I didn't enjoy the gameplay and was not immersed in any horror experience. It just feels like some crappy flash game you would play in your browser a decade ago. Not my cup of tea."
76561198178684418,Not Recommended,312230,17126763,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,lancegacksdmf,"30 minutes into a game and I cant save my progress, was not worth $15"
,Not Recommended,312230,28582336,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Peeta Hussein Mallark,"The game has a lovely, low-poly aesthetic, meaning it should be both retro and enjoyable by anyone on almost any hardware. However, even on 720p and with _all_ graphics improvements turned off or to minimum in the settings, it does not run well. Forget about 1080p. This is on the Intel HD 5000.Even enclosed areas with very little geometry suffer from this.The games system requirements say ""512MB of VRAM and shader model 3.0"". I have 1.5GB of VRAM and shader model 3.0, but it's not playable.I hope they will optimize the game somehow or use another engine."
76561198344060334,Not Recommended,312230,30017565,Posted: 18 February,all,megabombus,"Everything is so random and obsucre in this game. It's just like LSD Dream Emulator for PS1, but in Space."
,Not Recommended,312230,25353033,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Daimo,I tried roleplaying it but after an hour of running around in the dark all I did was get blown up and locked in the brig.There are no hints of what you should be doing and enemies respawn.
76561198011830015,Not Recommended,312230,25958547,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Oagh,"Looks like and feels like  late-80's FPS games, and its just a ok game , 30 min into it and im done, Not done as done, But done as I can play no more."
76561198168323480,Not Recommended,312230,24524202,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Fullchan,just no..
,Not Recommended,312230,28849194,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),♥♥♥
,Recommended,312230,21172115,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Anterk,"What we have here is either a really, really short shooter on a spaceship or a very, very deep atmospheric adventure in space. You're pretty much free to play the game either way. As the sort fo person who hates Adventure games and crawling over every inch of a level just to find an item I really appreciate the open design.If you play this like a shooter you will probably get the bad ending and, if you can't get into the atmosphere, you won't have much fun. The game has the steady pace and mystery of Alien, and once you've killed all the robot enemies the ship will become very quiet.There are two things I didn't like: the length and overuse of the shellshock effect. The game felt so short it was like getting a teaspoon of a new flavor of icecream and then being told to go home because the shop is closing forever. It actually upset me a little bit. Sure, you can extend the length by hunting down all the pages and masks and nonsense but that's boring and annoying when your only companion is the shellshock effect.What do I mean by shellshock effect? I mean that flash followed by an approximation of the character's ears ringing. The screen flashes and your ears ring far, far too often for the effect to remain anything but aggravating. Plus I played shooters through the CoD era so I've experienced the shellshock effect so much it's become a painful cliche. I thought it would stop after a while but I never seemed to reach a point when I was safe from it. Part of the reason I'm accepting the bad ending and leaving the others for YouTube is simply so I don't have to put up with anymore shellshock.Good. Has problems, but still good."
76561198037340969,Recommended,312230,34321742,Posted: 17 August,all,Dragonaut00,"good simple game.shooting feels good.Story is an interesting ripoff (not a complaint) of 70s-80s sci-fi horrorgraphics are obviously basic, but the devs give it a good style.short, like maybe a couple hours worth of game.but good exercise in atmosphere.worth the money."
76561197970405162,Recommended,312230,34680179,Posted: 2 September,all,Zu [UK],"A very short adventure with a few light choices and endings. Whilst unfair to the developers, I would call this a casual one-off game. There's not really enough there for further playthroughs or to try different things. However, what is there was a lot of fun so if you have a bit of time to kill and some change in your Steam Wallet, give it a try."
,Recommended,312230,35467315,Posted: 4 October,all,0oga,This one's a hidden gem.
,Recommended,312230,35492374,Posted: 5 October,all,Twobirds,"The obvious inspiration for Spirits of Xanadu is System Shock 2 - you have a variety of weapons in an FPS style, you're stuck on a lonely space station, crazed robots are after you, you find audio logs, piece together a story, it's spooky but not too spooky, and get the place up and running in order to complete your mission.  It's on the short side but there isn't much filler at all, and the weird moments remain weird and interesting (there are multiple endings, too).The layout of the ship is a little goofy at times, and some enemies tend to be a little annoying, but it's a solid few hours of entertainment if you like the style.  Voice acting was surprisingly solid for an indie game, and there are a lot of little details that make exploring worthwhile."
