user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198120929391,Not Recommended,312210,16264791,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ZigZagSpaz,"Stay away, simple as that.The game itself after almost a year of development has gone basically nowhere. Same three bots since the begining, looting system is currently a chore to pick up anything that's inside a box/bag, game lags on lowest settings possible, in the dark sections of the game it's basically pitch black even on the highest brightness settings.The Robots:The Hunter is broken, always has been. In the begining it one shot you and could detect and walk through walls. One year later the only change is now it takes two shots to kill you. With how the damage system works the more damage you take the less mobility you have. One shot takes you from 100% down to 18% essentially crippling you. Leaving you to wait to die or take an hour to find a repair station to fix the damages. Personally I liked it better when they insta-killed me instead of me stuck there waiting to put the second bullet in me.The Kamikaze bots are stupidly easy to deal with. They walk slowly, stand in place to explode, and take five seconds to explode. Making it insanely easy to just walk up to them to activate their self destruct and then casually walk away.The Hives I don't know if they've been changed or not because I kept getting shot down by Hunters before I could get anywhere near one of their nests. They're insanely hard to shoot down and hack considering their high mobility.Overall they can detect you before you even know they're there and you end up just getting gunned down.Loot System/Items:The loot system is rudimentary at best. picking up individual loose items is a breeze but picking up items in boxes or bags is time consuming and grating to grab items out of. Oh by the way the ammo comes in a box that you have to open first then take the ammo out of adding a needless step to looting. When grabbing items from a box/bag you have to click it then select the item then take an amount of said item. There is no double click to grab the whole stack or singular item. Items now no longer come in completed products. You now have to go out and find the seperate parts to craft said tools to do anything.Weapons:Melee weapons are a joke in single player. Good luck getting close enough to whack a Hunter to death, the Hive Drones are out of the question, and ""Why would you even?"" with the Kamikaze bots. Guns now need to be built which is the only way to effectivly defend yourself against the Hunters and Hive Drones. So have fun hunting down every single part. Also you can't break down items into their base components or continue to craft on an incomplete item. Making anything you've finished crafting with only the parts you had effectivly useless.Hacking:Hacking is overcomplicated, if you don't know coding before hand you're going to be referring to a guide before you memorize the basic commands (if you can even stomach playing that long).Power/Mobility System:I like the power system in this game, you need capacitors to store charged up power and you need reactors/solar panels to generate power. The more weight you carry the more energy you consume. If you run out of power you have to slowly waddle around or stand around a bit to generate some more power (unfortunatly you're not going to be able to stand around much). The jumping system sucks, let's just sit here for two minutes while I charge up my jump to get over a two foot high ledge. Basically making jumping a chore and something to not bother with considering most of the map is flat anyway.Optimization:This game is terribly optimized. It lags on the lowest settings possible. The brightness setting literally doesn't even matter for it does basically nothing for the pitch black sections of the game.After all of this my only advice is never buy this game or wait for another year to see if something significant has been done. After a almost a year in development this game has basically gone no where and it won't get anywhere fast. Just avoid the game and find something else to buy/play.(Edit) The reason I have 16 hours on this game is because when it first came out the game had a fun masochistic challenge to it, even though the AI had quite few advantages. In the beginning we had a little thing called the RFID Tracker. It allowed us to see enemies on the map due to their RFID chips installed. So you could effectivly avoid enemies before they could even auto lock onto you or run out of the range of their auto lock before it was too late (F.Y.I This item isn't in the game anymore.) . The PvP aspect had you set in teams of two to survive against three other teams. Unfortunatly when the PvP was first introduced you couldn't win with your partner being alive, it was coded to be last man standing. So you either ended up murdering your team mate in the beginning with the basic tools given to you or have a battle royale at the end. Game was fun at first but with nothing new to up the ante, fix issues, or add more interest to the game it gets dull and repetitive."
,Not Recommended,312210,17103139,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ExVasterist,"*YES I AM AWARE THAT IT IS EARLY ACCESS - NOT FINISHED! IF YOU LIKE IT, KUDOS TO YOU. BUT NOTE I AM NOT YOU.*I really tried to like this game, it felt like it could be something special even if it was really F-ing hard. But as the game is now, I can't play it without feeling increasingly frustrated at nearly every aspect of the game.Yes, its a good game, it held on to me for almost a week, but my patience for it has ended, and I just can't play this anymore.Pros:- Crafting - Done in two ways, one by assembling tools & guns through your inventory screen (provided you have the parts), the other through some machine that cannot be moved or made (luckily there's more than one).- Loot & Materials - All found in small flashing crates in almost areas. Most of the loot is pretty easy to find, but expect copies along the way. You can also, if you have the scematics, use the craft machine to recycle items in your inventory. And there's at least 3 Harvesters (that I'm aware of) that you can control & gather Wood, Ore, and Concrete for you.- Jumping - Once you figure it out, you'll be able to jump at ridiculous heights, helps when you need to access an item & simply want a safe spot (I'll explain why in Cons).- Building - As the trailer shows, you can build stuff. You can build pretty much anything in Wood, Concrete, or Brick. The Turrets however require a bit more to build & start up (but they are your base defenses with pretty epic range), and get their own drives.Cons:*Note - This is being developed by apparently one guy*Bots (Enemies) - Every survival game wouldn't much of a challenge without enemies, but these enemies are relentless, annoying, and frustrating. Hunters (looks like Terminators with helmets) move a somewhat slow pace, but have ridiculous range, their mere presence WILL make you run for your life cause there won't be a viable way to fight them at start, and they can shoot you twice & you're dead. Suicide Bots will walk up to you and blow up (after having a seizure).Bots Spawns - Random spawning is also understandable, but most times you'll as if the game intentionally TRYING to kill you as if you're the end of days or something. You can be walking along and then 1 foot away, an enemy spawns (sometimes you'll get a group).Bugs - The bugs hurt the play experience a lot. Some enemies will clip on ladders then one second later they're back on the ground, then back at the top again. The menus during multiplayer will randomly stop working, making something simple become abyssmal level frustrating. Since the Hunters will war with the flying hive bots, you can expect some ridiculous lag. When building stuff, you can expect some decent lag, but the more you place & build, then more it goes from ok lag to WTF lag. And best of all, Bots can walk THROUGH WALLS that you built! Making your defensive walls pointless.Building - Since the Dev tries pretty hard to add realism like gravity to the game, don't expect anything like Minecraft building in this game. If just one piece of your structure is even SLIGHTLY off, expect all your hard work to go to hell, and even better, you lose ALL of the used materials if the building falls. And it gets worse, sometimes you'll hit a point where the Auto-Placement will go where you don't want it, making custom projects almost impossible.Multiplayer - Despite the game having 352 positive reviews, hardly ANYONE is online to play. Most people I've seen was 4 people in one room (including me). Most times though, the lag & menu bugs will increase rapidly while playing multiplayer (big bad for multiplayer only gamer types).One Map - Thats right, just one map. The items' placement is random, but buildings, repair station, recycle machines, everythingelse in completely preset. And though there is a ridiculous huge tower out there, the point of it has not been discovered or explained - as that is, the huge tower is completely pointless & serves no other purpose than to take up space.The Hunters always getting the drop on me, even while having a Radar was getting to me.My health getting low forcing me to move slower than Yoda with a cane.No real plot or story in the game.But bots being able to walk through walls while being able to spawn in unfair spots, that pushed me over the edge.Sorry to say, but you'll find less frustration in Dark Souls. I'm starting to regret even buying it...Rating: 5/10."
76561197999863635,Not Recommended,312210,19773376,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Sick Ranchez,devs ran away stay away
76561198047493923,Not Recommended,312210,22580054,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Duff,"Update June 9th, 2016.Why is this game still being sold on Steam? It is now over 5 months since the developer has posted any information here or on social media about the game and over 7 (7!!) months since the game has received any software updates.This game is a complete disgrace and tarnishes the Early Access program.End update.This game was released in Early Access on 25 July 2014. It is currently still in Alpha and since the developer has never bothered to release a road map it's unknown if, or even when, it is supposed to progress beyond its present state.Sadly it's now over 5 months since the last software update and the developer, Touz, continues to ignore the Steam community. A brief posting by him on January 6th was a rehash of previous statements he's made but did nothing to instill confidence that the game is moving forward in any significant way.Current game play is, quite frankly, boring. At one time there were multiplayer servers that allowed for PVP but the online community has vanished.The singleplayer component is bare-bones and has no goal. Essentially it consists of running around and attempting to find components for weapons and other bits and pieces while trying to avoid enemy AI. That's it. The weapon crafting system is needlessly complex and there is absolutely no reason to build a base as the AI is not programmed to recognize player structures.The lack of any progression system, storyline or end goal severely limit replayability. This is made worse by the small static map that comprises the player world . Once all areas have been explored there is nothing to draw the player further into the game since there is no 'further' to be had.If you are interested in this game, I'd suggest you wait. If the developer decides to actually work on the game and make significant improvements it may be worth purchasing at a future date. Right now it would be a waste of money.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,312210,22539019,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Mike06,"Game has so nice and promising stuff but development has been almost non existent.I get feeling there is not even one developer working on this full time. I bought this game year ago and it looked promising then, now a over year later not much has happened in the game."
,Not Recommended,312210,21329529,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,JaCrispy,"No servers, no players and this dev makes the devs of Towns and Spacebase look like good guys...An absolute embarassment to game development...This ""dev"" took a good concept and absoutely destroyed it... in a Steam world where people EAT UP survival games, this guy managed to screw it up...If and when this ""game"" ever does get completed, it will be so far from now that the graphics and gameplay will be so dated, that Steam will classify it under ""classic""STAY AWAY"
,Not Recommended,312210,21758215,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Pancazuli,"Stay away from this gameThe Fifth Day is a sorry excuse of a survival game for, but not limited to these reasons:Multiplayer hardly functionedNear empty servers$14.99!?I always had the same spawn pointClunky enemiesI hardly found any weaponsNot easy for new players to understand the buildingA developer that could not care less about their productThe one factor that I will give The Fifth Day, is that it had a great idea for a survival, but horrible execution.Do yourself a favor, and keep your money.  You are better off unboxing in TF2 or CS:GO."
76561198031973707,Recommended,312210,12386326,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Eleazaros,"It's got potential but do realize it is early access and an alpha.  If you can't handle incomplete games with glitches and bugs -- look elsewhere.Potential is nice - StarForge had mass potential and so have many other games.  Some reach it, others don't so go in knowing the risks and judge it based upon it's current state for playability -and- your willingness to risk based upon that potential.A list of things to look at:- The skill-point system only works multi-player so you won't skill up in single player.- Multiplayer you will end up against leveled up oponents and those levels have meaning and high value.  Lots and lots of value to being leveled up here.- Gathering requires hacking a harvester which then can take quite a while to gather things - you can't harvest anything.- to get that hacking device you must find it.- Robot NPC's drop nothing.  You need to hunt through ruins to find weapons, ammo and other supplies.- ammo is fairly scarce for the quantity of robots you'll bump into - again, no points for dealing with AI opponents.  You're best bet is to run/aviod them.- robots can pop up at any point near or far.  They have been toned down to 2 shots to kill you but that's the best you'll get.- AI robots cannot aim upwards.  If you are above them, they can't hit you with their weapons -- if at range and above, they can and will hit you.- AI robots can walk through walls that you build.  So if you build, make the building tall and use stairs to get up there.- You need to find power for your unit - not those silly solar cells but nuclear power.  Without it, you won't be able to power up the capacitor to run, jump, etc.  Extra capacitors are good but you shouldn't need too many of them.- picking up anything early will stop your running.  Anything except a nuclear power units.  The solar power cells weigh a ton for the energy they give, which slows you down.- many items are sunk in the ground and other items - you'll see loot markers but can't loot the item nor even know what it is.Again, it's got potential but that potential has a long way to go to be achieved.  IMO - worth supporting with funds but don't expect a highly clean and polished version at this time.It runs well but it's not done yet."
,Not Recommended,312210,31142933,Posted: 14 April,all,Marcus,"I was a fool 3 years ago.The game is dead and you know it. Don't waste your money.@Touz, your statement might be/is true but i'm not here to blow smoke up the asses of people who read this. You definitely show your capabilities but this game is out of the league of a 1 man team ( or more, I might be wrong). We are now at version 0.0.6. That version number alone tells me that this game won't ever be a finished product ( With the likelyhood of you abandoning it even tho you said otherwise.) ""Dead"" is more of a camouflaged word for ""Far FAAR from leaving Early Acces"" and becoming a full game.Don't take this personally, but I'm not convinced you/you all are able to finish the game at all, thus the negative review."
,Not Recommended,312210,23535330,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Wolf,"Edited Due to update. Still does not change my opinion on the game itself and therefor the review will remain negative.Prior to the update there was a very VAST period of time of silence, in every aspect. No responce on any of the games pages or to any technical support issues. Outreach was met with silence. So, For that. I will keep a negative review. And move on to other games, which steam has many. I wish the dev the best but advise him to communicate better with the community if you want to be seen in a postive spotlight. The other MANY negative reviews speak volumes to back what I have said."
76561198060722355,Recommended,312210,11444669,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,gwalker1985,"This game has many cool qualities but also many flaws.The training sequence is really fun, however get into the real world and its pretty brutal.Pros-new idea-once processes in place will be an amazing game-fun hackingCons-buggy (which is expected on 0.0.1)-lack of story that i can find yet-lack of supplies around anywhere, i get its a survival apocalypitc wasteland but there is nothing anywhere that i can see.I think its going to be a great game eventually but the Devs need to add more supplies in, maybe add newspaper clippings around of what happened to the world of men.ony played it for a short time but its interesting.ONLY BUY if you like first editions and wanna give HELPFUL feedback to devs, if you hate bugs and such avoid until a few updates.Also people dont hate so much on the devs this is a alpha test, yes its not almighty Rust but you look at that game and it has a lot of bugs to, this game has potential."
76561197992665812,Not Recommended,312210,13368395,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,TLBFestus,"Right now, it's entertaining for about 30 minutes and that's it.I haven't seen any progress by the developer recently and there are much better ""survival"" games out there as it stands now.I'm afraid it's just another one of those ""alpha"" games that someone banged out to make a few bucks on and then forgot about.  I will watch it though and hope it actually progresses."
76561198017438051,Not Recommended,312210,14251849,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Zhies,"SCAM ALERT - FORGED STRUCTURES - STILL IN ALPHAOriginal Post 201501302015 - I rate this game -10/10, because it isn't even a game. This is software that was roughly put together that looks just like Half-Life 2. Value - please sue these developers. The floating tower, which remarkedly looks like the big spire from HL2 just happens to have a big black ball at the top just like the big black ball at the top of the spire in HL2.This is a total scam. This game is in early Alpha, and it didn't say that anywhere until after I had spent $15 and had access to the game. Many of the reviews from several months ago said Beta, but this game is still pre-Alpha. There is barely anything to do in the game, and you can still walk through objects... I game should not be on sale. If it is in Alpha then offer Free Access and ask for dontations.Within just about 15 minutes of playing I was able to go from one end of the map to the other. There are no online servers for multiplayer. I am pretty sure all of the recommended reviews are forgeries.STEAM - Please take this game off of the market and refund everyone. Selling games that are still in the earliest forms of development without consent of the buyer is illegal. As a programmer myself, this is completely unethical that the developers would advertise the game as such. If you want a budget to help build development then use Kickstarter or something...REVIEW'S 1.5 YEAR ANNIVERSARY UPDATEPost update from 20160720Reinstalled this game again thus wasting my otherwise useful megabytes. Relogged and still no public servers... lies. Game hasn't changed at all. I walked around for a few minutes then got shot by robots. This game sucks more than the Classic Tootsie Roll Commercial.I finally stopped getting comments on this post, but apparently this review really made some of the Dev's friends mad, who flamed me on comments for several months. If you can't write good code then just go get another job - don't harass people into liking your crappy product. Oh and the name of this game is a cheap knock off of ""7 Days to Die"". How about you try to be more original than just changing the number 7 to number 5. So it's more dangerous because it's 2 days less? Hardly....I find it disturbing that someone cast post a game worth only a few weeks word of code, charge money, and then abandon the game yet put up a presence that it is live so players continue to 'fail' by buying a dead game. Devs like this deserve to be punched in the face and have their lunch money stolen.Do not download - ded gaemUPCOMING UPDATE ON 3.14 YEAR ANNIVERSARYI will try this game yet again in a little double the time since I wasted my $15 on this game. For those of you that love eating cobbler, you can join me."
76561198049945963,Not Recommended,312210,14284609,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,uzux xuzr,"i have to say, early access is an equally hilarious and saddening time where developers seem to enjoy selling digital pet rocks.for anyone who reads this, keep this in mind: the fifth day is probably the craziest example of vaporware ive yet to find on steambe extremely cautious, and really consider Not buying early access games until Just before they come off early access"
,Not Recommended,312210,13869914,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,CptDavePilm,"Not 1 peice of this game is original, the buildings and AI and all textures are prefab copy and paste the you buy from the UNITY store.the hand texture has obviously been taken from the hands of BF 2142 charactures.come on guys, this doesnt seem right to me..... and steam let it gon on the store i mean what!!??!!...i am certainly going to be asking for my money back because this smells like a cash and run ""GAME"".NO, early access is not an escuse..... DO NOT buy this.I know the textures and ai and everything else is not theirs because i played with it all in the unity engine about 2 years ago.....STAY AWAY AND KEEP YOUR MONEY DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!.if anyone upvotes this game then they either are friends with the ""dev's"" of have no clue.Peice of Garbage....."
,Not Recommended,312210,23716328,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Orbixal,Dev Has bailed on the game as well as the Community please flag for take down so we can remove this off the store.
,Not Recommended,312210,14182436,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,T-R-O-N,"This game seemed attractive at first and I still admire some of its unique characteristics such as robot jumping and hacking, HOWEVER, I bought this game expecting it to one day be complete and as far as I can tell, this game is totally dead and is floating in the water now.  ""Go on, take the money and run"" was the soundtrack the developer must have listened to on a loop non-stop while making this game."
,Recommended,312210,12432779,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Nexus,"A very promising game in its very early stages. I am eager to see how this progresses as it has the potential in my mind to give games like Rust a run for its money. The premise of a left behind robot trying to survive in a world of hostile robots is a very fresh concept and the use of a hacking system is reminiscent of other awesome games like System Shock.From only playing about 2 hours of the game so far, in that time I found 2 harvesters, hacked them and set them to gathering resources. I also looted one of the nuclear power plants and towns and got some loot before getting bumrushed by 2 robots as night was falling.Quite eager to see what new updates will bring!Navigating the inventory is a bit clunky when switching between RFID reader and weapons etc, draws you out of the game a bit but I am not complaning. For a game this early in development (and by a sole developer) it is probably the most stable I have seen before bar none and expecting this will be optimised in the future.Highly recommend this game for anyone that can handle the fact that the game is very early alpha!"
,Not Recommended,312210,12846848,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,GTbrawlers,"The Fifth Day is a survival game that reminds me of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R series with the world setting but with more fo a sci fi feel about it due to the massive influence of A.I.The main point of the game is to hack A.I to have them under your control to gather resources and fight for you so that you can build a base in peace. Other than that I haven't found many other reasons to play the game as you can run about and loot all you want but the single player aspect is pretty much limited to building.Multiplayer was interesting but surprisingly for a survival game, everyone ended up working together rather than just killing eachother to win so that was nice,Overall, I do not recommend this game as I feel like this is another ""Early Access"" game that doesn't deliver. The premise of the game is interesting but since the game is very rarely updated I feel like it isn't making enough progress or taking in  the consideration of the players."
76561198053191293,Recommended,312210,12577206,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,scottiec93,"The first thing I noticed about TFD is that it looks much better than the majority of EAGames, especially this early in development. I spent a couple hours exploring the single-player world and was impressed with how good it looked, as well as how good the enemies and character models were.Graphics aside, the gameplay is quite slow-paced at first. You'll spend the first few lives exploring around and learning the map. Since there's currently no in-game map feature at the moment, you'll have to use your compass and navigate by landmarks, like the tower, cities, and nuclear power plant. The hacking, which is necessary for any type of survival in the game, requires a tool that you don't start off with, so the first few minutes of every life will be spent searching for a hacking tool before too many enemy robots spawn. Once the tool is in hand, you can hack enemy hunters to make friendly guards that follow you around. I once had thirteen friendlies plodding their way behind me, shooting anything else that spawned around me before I got the chance to hack it and add to my army.Oh, and you should avoid swarms like the plague. It's currently fantastically hard to hack a swarmbot, and they'll kill you and everything following you while you're trying.Anyways, once you have a hacking tool, you need to find a harvester. These spawn in large dish-like structures in the ground, and they allow you to collect wood and other building materials for your base. Unless you know exactly where they are on the map, or unless you get wonderfully lucky and find a hacking tool right next to the harvester, you'll likely spend a good while searching for one before you can build a base, Once those resources start coming in, you've got the game won. Enemies can't currently shoot through doorways or windows, so you can build a square structure and hide in it until the end of day 5, or you can make a bunker with charging stations and turrets and only leave to scrounge up more resources that the harvester can't bring you, like ammo and capacitors.All in all, it's a fantastic Alpha.PROS---------Beautiful game-Fun gameplay so far (if you enjoy exploration and the long-play style of Rust and 7 Days to Die)-Loads of potentialCONS---------The updates are rather slow. Touz is currently the only dev on this game at the moment, and the updates are spread out. There was an update just a few hours before I posted this review, so it is still being worked on, but it takes a while.This game is a fantastic early-access experience. If you like following early-access games, you'll love this.I'd really love to see this game maintain the Robots gimmick instead of turning to Zombies, as many people have suggested in the forum. The market is already saturated with zombie crafting survival games, and even if it is a slight change, the robots and hacking and power supplies bring a refreshing change to the survival genre.This dev does a great job and should be supported. This game is still extremely early in development, and is already fantastic. I love it."
76561198083323151,Recommended,312210,15893207,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ChronosFlame,"Screw what people say, with all those ""Not Recommended"" comments.This is, to be honest, one of my first reviews... And, it actually kinda saddens me that this game is getting so much hate.Yes, The Fifth Day is incomplete. It's obvious. But, it's not bad... Actually, I find myself loving it when I find another person to play it with, as Multiplayer makes the Death Game so much more fun.Simple, you start out with nothing (Sadly), and work your way around the map, avoiding hunters and other dangers while keeping your power up, until you can find a Hacking Tool, a harvester, and a construction tool. Then, you multi-task exploring for ammo, weapons, weapon parts, etc. and managing your base, its power, its defenses, and the supplies your harvester(s) collect.Yes, it's obscenely hard in single player, especially when you have nothing to work with... But that's the point.It's not supposed to be a solo experience.It's supposed to be either a team of people, working together to make a base, and survive who knows what, or a fight for your life as you hunt for supplies, watch out for hostile players, and hope that there are still harvesters around to claim so you can survive on your own.Please, if you're thinking of getting the game... Get it. Support the game devs, expand the community, and wait who knows how long for an update. (Yes, it's updating... But think how hard it is to make this kind of massive game, with all those A.I. trying to hunt you down and destroy you. Along with managing the hacking gimmick... yes, you can hack everything except for other players. It takes a hellish amount of time to master, but if you can get hacking something to make it friendly before it kills you down, then you stand a chance for experimentation.)"
,Not Recommended,312210,14081623,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,HerbalOne984,This game is not ready to be played. I can't get past the tutorial because the game mechanics are basically broken.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS BROKEN AND NOT READY TO BE PLAYEDIf you are interested wait until it hits beta before you even consider buying it.You are basically a cyborg that being hunted by other robots that are huntin you and all you have to do is survive. but it is really hard when you cant even jump with the broken mechanics.DO NOT BUY
76561198054124411,Recommended,312210,11409090,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,jstan,"The game has potential.  There are bugs of course.   The hacking element is cool.  The main thing that is wrong is that some buildings aren't accessible.  I find myself running from the AI all the time.  Fun, but can't wait until further updates."
,Recommended,312210,11476540,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Perchenko,"I think this game is excellent! There is not much to do yet but does that mean its a bad game? no! From what I can see this game has a lot of potential and I am sure I am not the only one thinking that. ""The Forest"" sold like crazy and that's just because some good youtubers played it. This game, in my opinion, is much better once you actually play. It has a large variety of weapons, complex hacking systems, well-thought out base building feature, 3 types of unique enemies (atm) and much more. People hate the game because they haven't played it enough to understand everything and all of the games features. Give the game a chance and support the one man dev team for making such a great game!"
,Not Recommended,312210,13411085,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,That1Dude,"Yes the potential is there, like most games starting out. However, in its current state it shouldn't have been allowed to be released publically. It is hardly even ""barebones"" with very minimal features. Including the tutorial mission you can expect about 30 minutes of gameplay before you realize you should have waited. Also, did the the dev take our money and run? It's been since Oct since any updates have released!Before you comment ""it's early access ffs!"" I know! I love early access games, but this isn't ready for player testing yet! This is more along the lines of clicking the test game button in Unity while you are still correcting some of the base code."
76561198042254851,Not Recommended,312210,18717815,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Beaker,"I like the concept behind the game. I am also patient because it is an early access game. That being said, it's incredibly difficult to figure out. I have about 5 hours into it, and I haven't done much more than run around with an RFID tracker and hacker (that I had to spend 20 minutes on Google figuring out how to even obtain) avoiding the 2-shot-and-you're-done Hunters."
,Not Recommended,312210,13918981,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Telario,"To be honest quite slow production I realize it is very well in early stages of developement, but it just does not look like a really good game wish I could get my money back 4/10 Also there is no enjoyment out of playing the game"
,Not Recommended,312210,13875285,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,KangarooJack,"This game is far too broken to function properly. The basis of the game is interesting and fresh. I was very interested in playing the game after the tutroial, but once you get into the open world, the game disappoints. I am playing on a reasonably good computer, and I had to set the graphics to the lowest settings to get some semblence of work out of this game. Its features are interesting and have potential, but the game is glitchy and disappointing. I think this game can be great and fun, but it needs to have more than THREE patches on it. I understand this is an alpha, but honestly, if you're going to release a game for $15 the least you could do is make sure it WORKS. Like I said, this game has potential, but it needs many many more patches before it can be."
76561198018701498,Not Recommended,312210,14225020,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Pr3lLoX,"""View update history"" nuff said"
,Recommended,312210,12869368,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ビーチでくつろぎます,"I quite enjoyed this game so far, and this will be a reveiw on the singlepayer or 'Freeplay' mode.So, first thing to note is that this is an Alpha game, and such has an un-completed feel. However, it's a good game over-all and you can get so absorbed in it, you forget about the un-completed-ness. The map is big and most of it is desolate, having only a log cabin or two, and a♥♥♥♥♥♥Shack Town if you look for 'em. I feel that the loot drops, although small, wide apart, and mostly disapointing, are fitting as it's set in the apocolypse. Let's go to the pros and cons, shall we?________________________________________________________________PROS:- Good gameplay- Wide range of how to survive- Good crafting system- Good atmosphere- Big, expansive map- The hackingCONS- Incompitent AI- Over-Powered enemys- Laggy at times- Sucky loot- Resource managmentAlthough the Cons outweigh the Pros, it's easy to forget the cons and enjoy a good game for what it is; a good game."
,Not Recommended,312210,22639889,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,BadAssPenguin,"This game has been a real let down since day one but at least I can say that in the beginning the game was somewhat enjoyable to play. I go to the power plant expecting to obtain some power cells and nothing!! Near the beginning I had always found at least 2 there. To the developers, stop screwing a game that has some potential and make it more enjoyable to play. Nothing more irritating than finding some good loot and cant run from robots because I dont have the energy and its too impossible to find them. If I could get a refund for this POS I would but unfortunaltly this was bought before steam issued refunds. To the players out there looking for a good game, look elsewhere cause this is FAR from what it used to be."
,Recommended,312210,14942609,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Gunblast,"Even during it's alpha stage, The Fifth Day remains an extremely fun, unique, action packed game that also has an element of tech know-how that makes it all the better. Many have bashed this game because of the time between updates, butkeep in mind that there is only one developer working on the game and that the updates are always large and full of content.The base building is highly enjoyable, the atmosphere is absolutely incredible (especially in urban areas!), the AI is very good, the loot system is amazing and the unique tools and weapons are phenomenal. And the hacking system is probablly my favorite part of the game. Any robot can be hacked and controlled, and it's especially satisfying to find a giant♥♥♥♥♥harvester and make it your own.I highly reccomend this game."
76561198138691719,Not Recommended,312210,20110470,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,* Jay *,I had hope for this one.... but then it went down the drain after the updates started stopping again
76561198053626922,Not Recommended,312210,14477597,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,CATCH PHRASE,"I typically am optimistic, but...The game itself is just not acceptable. It is not ""finished."" It shouldn't be in the Beta phase. It does NOT GET UPDATED. EVER. You'll find yourself a week later regretting buying this game.THIS GAME IS NOT FINISHED, EVEN FOR THE TYPICAL STEAM STANDARD/"
,Recommended,312210,12482481,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Drago69,"This game is very interesing and fun. I can't wait to see it develope more, over all, i really perferr This game!!!!-Build a Base-Gather Resources-Hack things-Multiplayer-Singleplayer-Addicting-Fun-Interesting-Adventure-Survive Robots-Lots of different loot-Nice Graphics-Explore Bunkers-Different Robots"
76561198039430678,Recommended,312210,17855042,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,kilroy,"Ive had the game for awhile now. At first the hunters were very inimidating because it was basically one shot kill bots. However after learning their behavior more and with the addition of better weapons, they are not so scary now. When I first started playing all I had was the 9mil, now that Ive got the shotgun and the 50 cal., taking down hunters and detonators are a breeze. One shot for the detonators and usually two for the hunters. Granted, the devoloper has a lot of work to do getting some of the bugs under control and the game more streamlined.  But I feel the game is solid. I do reccomend the game to everyone. Also, Ive heard a lot of people asking that the hunters be less powerful. I disagree with this, this keeps the game real. For all those on here who fear the hunters, dont. When I first started with this game, I did a lot of running away from them. No more. Made them my ♥♥♥♥♥es. I'm excited for the next update and ready for some new enemies and some badass weapons. Rock on Touz"
,Not Recommended,312210,14106139,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,It should be called the fourth day. because that is how many updates this game got before the creator left. DONT BUY THIS GAME IT IS A WASTE OF GOOD MONEY
,Recommended,312210,15016759,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Wamen,"I really hope this becomes a positive rated game yet again! I purchased the game when it first hit steam, played for a while then I uninstalled it. Not because I didn't like it, but because I ran out of things to do. Now with this new update of 0.0.6! It looks great! Redownloading it right now! I'm so glad the game is still being worked on! If you see any reviews saying that the creator has just ♥♥♥♥ed off, its completely untrue! This game is a definite thumbs up!"
,Not Recommended,312210,14094033,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,nedloH | Bolt.gg,"Omg... I bought another The Stomping Land -.-Edit: Nevermind, it's a bigger scam than The Stomping Land"
,Not Recommended,312210,24487088,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sny_Vs_Spyper,"I think this game's community is practically gone at this stage, too few updates changing too little in such a long measure of time. Just about the entirity of the updates that have happened can be summed up in 'several new gun parts, unimplemented mechanics development and minor bugfixing'It saddens me to see such a game with such potential just die out becuase the dev doesn't have a team backing them.The multiplayer is completely dead, the community died for it about a year after nothing happened, the servers are completely empty, the multiplayer tasks simply can't be completed anymore, etc etc.The screenshots & video of the game on this page are VERY outdated, they've since removed several items, including prebuilt one-part weapons, glowsticks and the RFID radarThe hacking is practically useless beyond the resource gathering robots (you can't hack either of the two humanoid robots, and the only other robot you can hack is a swarm drone(only once you shoot about 5 hives worth of them down and have a rare chance at finding a disabled swam drone nearby), only for it to promptly run out of ammo after missing your enemies for two minutes and then disappear when you reload your save)-EDIT: You can now hack all the robots, but the only way you can do it is if you spend 30+ hours getting EMP rounds and an EMP-capable gun, finding a lone robot(virtually impossible now that the entire map is now coated in long range robots that can snipe you through walls), spamming it with EMP, getting REALLY close to it(the robot is still DIRECTLY shooting at you, even though it's stunned), hacking it(which takes longer than the EMP's effects if you're not trying to kill yourself), figuring out the hack commands before the robot shoots you twice, then sitting back as your new robot slowly stumbles after you and gets killed because of it's terrible pathfinding AI, leaving you with barely any health(the lower your health the slower you move and the less you can jump, below 50% health you're basically dead), no EMP rounds to defend yourself(bullets do barely anything, good luck killing a robot that can run 30 times faster than you at a range where they can kill you in one shot).The guns in this game are actually pretty cool, you get to assemble your own weapons part by part, not just find things to stick on/over it like most other games of this type. My main problem with it is that the guns themselves each need unique names(which i'm terrible with) otherwise you physically can't build them, a problem that could be solved with a grand total of less than 10 lines of code.The power system in this game is actually pretty fun, though i feel like it needs a few more things relating to it (like modules that draw power but can help you in decent ways (like scanners, radars, HUD-mounted displays(ammo count, threat level, etc), active armour, low-powered energy shields, that kind of thing), so far it only powers you running and jumpingThe jumping is.... well... meh...You wait for a long time by a platform and charge your jump(if you're not too heavy to get up where you want to get up to), you then jump fairly high.The main objective of the game is simply to survive, an objective that gets pretty boring after 2+ hours on the same character in singleplayer. You find an RFID radar multitool and then you just steer clear of enemies, you loot things, then you loot more things, then you avoid some more robots, and that's it....The basebuilding is a bit of a joke... every part of your base will have physics 100% of the time, so if you don't build it in the right order of placement then you just simply can't, becuase one part will be a couple inches too close to another part and you can't place the rest down. The turrets are completely terrible, they're only really good if you build a stubbly little platform and put them on top with literally nothing around them(their targeting AI makes them not care if they're hitting base parts when there's an enemy robot near one of them, two of my bases have fallen becuase the turrets carved their way through the foundations and dropped the entire base on themselves, instantly destroying everything.Looting in this game isn't fun in any aspect, it's basically the all-known DayZ looting system, but with more crates to look inside. No point on the map has decent gear spawns(the nuclear powerplant sometimes has a few uncommon crates in it, and some tall 50-story buildings that you can't get up without timing your jump just perfect sometimes have uncommon crates but that's about it,) i haven't seen half of the items ingame since there's simply no real tangible way to get them.I've looked over the ENTIRE map, every structure and loot spawn, and i found a total of 3 uncommon crates and 5 ammo boxes (with maximum Luck skill(supposedly increases loot spawn rates))I don't think that this game is... well... 'bad'... i just thing it's underdeveloped and it needs help.Unfortunately it doesn't seem like the developer is talking to the community(So free help for the dev is off the table) and i'm not convinced that the dev's going to be hiring any freelance help any time soon.I simply can't recommend this game in the state it's in, the bare bones of the game aren't even really there to begin with, and with the slow pace the game's getting upated it seems like it won't be your money's worth for a long while off.Definately keep an eye on it though, i'm hoping i'm wrong about my prediction-EDIT:It's now halfway through 2017 and there's only been 1 update this year, I used to be able to get 120/130fps max settings, now i can only get 30fps if i drop to med settings. It's now impossible to play unless you get lucky and spawn next to the nuclear power plant + 4 nuclear cells(I spent a week grinding cells and I only got 3 with max Luck skill), otherwise you can't outrun the hundreds of bullet sponge robots that know exactly where you are at all times, it was fine when there were only a few robots hunting you down, but with how rare ammo is and how robots can shoot through walls (if they're close enough and their guns phase through the wall, yes, this happens), mixed with many MANY times more robots spawning now, you simply can't survive without maxing jump skill and camping on a roof and restarting the game to respawn loot for yourselfYes, it actually doesn't seem like the game's getting a really REALLY small bit of good development, it seems the game's actually getting really REALLY REALLY small bit of completely gamebreaking development now...TL;DR : The game is dead, the developer is just making sure of it at this point, it now can't run on anything that isn't a top-end gaming rig, and when it does it'll run like it was on a Dell chromebook, stay away."
,Not Recommended,312210,22721324,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Misku,this game is abandoned and really bad.DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,312210,14317686,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Fun Moose,This game has potential but they choose not to use it.
,Not Recommended,312210,14551578,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ϟ Electro-BLITZ ϟ,"At this stage? NO, i wont recommend this game.Its a good concept, but unacceptable slow updates, unable to keep promises to update it more frequently, Lack of commitment to talk to the community that accually paid for early access, makes me regret it ever since.Wait till the game is released, if it ever will, thats the main question right now."
,Not Recommended,312210,30517919,Posted: 14 March,all,STG | Pizzano Bambino,"As we approach year 3 in Alpha, I think it's safe to write this game off as a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I do believe the dev had good intentions at heart when he launched this project, but the overall scope is far too large for a one man crew and the lack of ANY tangible progress other than minor add ins and AI tweaks really shows. Just feel like this project got started by a kid with too much ambition and not enough resources. Definitely avoid this game and maybe this dev will actually produce something decent on either a smaller scale or with a larger team in the future."
76561198155440653,Not Recommended,312210,32276799,Posted: 8 June,all,Miztri | Trading,is this game ever going to be beta???????? waste my money ont his
76561198087796055,Not Recommended,312210,14024715,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Smegma Goblin,"I couldn't even get this game to start and there hasn't been an update in awhile sothat alone is a red flag. When I was able to play,  it was so boring and there's no wayof knowing what to do or how to do anything.Don't waste your time or money, this is a bad game and something tells me the developerwanted to put something out just to make a quick buck and then ""forget"" about the project."
,Recommended,312210,15279004,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Lazermaniac,"It appears as though the development of this game hadn't stalled as I previously thought. There is still a glaring lack of progression and the playable space ends rather abruptly, but it's good to see progress being made. The recently introduced custom weapon and loot container systems are a major step in the right direction and I can only hope that there are many more such steps to come."
76561197984035348,Not Recommended,312210,13325391,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Oaklock,"At first the game felt like a walking simulator (sorry guys). I did later find items. Not a lot to this game yet. Hoping for more content and updates in the future.If this is all its going to be, its not worth buying :/"
76561198075467844,Not Recommended,312210,29707547,Posted: 4 February,all,Perry,"I have played this game for a solid 7 hours, and my overall though is that this game sucks. At first you get into it and you think wow this looks cool but then you wander around for an hour and you realise that 90% of the map in nothing. you can find buldings spread far apart and the only place you get good things are places that are in the middel of nowhere. I found what looks like a bunker went inside walked across a thing and found nothing, walked into a warehouse ... found nothing, walked in to a power plant found a bag of cement, do you see the pattren? you only get crap loot from what will the most common building you will find you might get a good spawn by a cabin and find a gun but good luck finding ammo for it. another thing that is bad NO ONE PLAYS IT, i thought hey i might try out the multiplayer and i could not find a server. also the bilding, i would say something bad about it but ... its to hard to get the goods to start. in order to get the materals you have to hack a robot thing to go get them for you, i was only able to do this once but once i did i fell into a hole and got stuck, thats why you dont make giant random holes. also one more thing the crafting, its the best part about it when it comes to making guns (that is if you can find the parts) its cool, there are a few tiers of parts, you can add things like stocks, diffrent sights, barrels, ect. thats pretty good other than that meh. i have not seen a model update yet, or anything else. one thing for the developers if you read this go the rust route, just remake the game it worked for them it should for you. thats why i dont think that it is worth 14 bucks."
,Not Recommended,312210,14640521,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Tamino,At the momentan state of Fifth Day I wouldnt recommend buying it... 15 Euros for 20 min of playtime fun and after that boredom and glitches everywhere... ok its early access... but that doesnt give the 1 dev the right to just not bring out a patch for ~3 months.Seems like hes just running away with the money and leaving behind another greenlight fail.Sad... because the game had a lot of potential with the hacking thing and the being a robot thing :<Edit:He patched the game he also put alot of new stuff into it and it seems he also has put alot of effort into the patch. But some more bumpers or reminders for the people who supported the game would be great.But I still dont recommend buying the game in the current state
,Not Recommended,312210,14135691,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Synaptic,Game looked promising but has not been updated since I bought it. if it was actually being worked on I might recommend it. Don't bother.
,Recommended,312210,20812814,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Trilaac,"Well,after readina lot of the reviews, I decided to give this game a go anyway.So glad that I did.The world is fairly open, insofar as it is a large worldbox. There's the ground, and hills, valleys, trees, buildings, tunnels, and the world extends out to the horizons in 4 directions (although you do hit the invisible wall at the edge).There are no objectives per-se. You simply need to survive. You can collect resources (mainly via harvester dotted around the world that require hacking to activate and control). You play a drone robot, so power generation and consumption is everything. I found the fastest way was to collect solar panels from the farms and capacitors from various locations, then stand still for a while to charge before moving off.Always keeping a watchful eye on the automated drones gives the game a certain edge, especially at night and when you're building structures. I build a small tower, and was standing at the top adding a roof when a drone walked into the bottom and exploded.Needless to say, it took out a corner of the building and the whole thing fell down, but you take no damage from falling so dont die.No, that comes in the form of hunter bots with shotguns that kill you in 2 shots.Overall, in my opinion, a nice game. It contains elements I enjoy: survival, open world, freebuild of tools, weapons and structures, achievments (there are Steam ones as well as in game for solo and multi play), and most importantly, it's always recieving updates. Always small, but they are always fixing a bug or adding a new featre, which is great."
76561198041298655,Not Recommended,312210,23677576,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,martd78,"Got this at the very beginning of its EA, EA means that it's possible that the games won't change and you buy the product as it is....Ya it's a gamble and this time I lost, I was less deceived by even starforge lol...The only good thing about this game was the idea imo...Well I could rant all day on this one, but I already wasted too much time on this reviewConclusion: Don't buy, stay away, you can get a pretty decent games for that price range, or just flush your cash down the toilet."
,Not Recommended,312210,28778808,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BrigzZ,"The game that has so much potential and falls so so short.I'm a lover of pretty much all survival based games, and I figured I'd give this a shot. The game is generally just very difficult, and is very hard to get ahead or even know if you're getting ahead. AI tracking basically is pin point and they will always find you, and if you don't know coding or can't remember basic coding lines then you're basically out of luck.I would love to see this game get updates and grow, but it's going to have to take a lot to bring me back."
,Not Recommended,312210,29841149,Posted: 10 February,all,smiles,"Review Update:Newest update April 26, 2017. Did he finish college? Why this long since the previous update? For all those coming home from post secondary? These update timelines have something fishy about them.------------------------last update Dec 24, 2016 (holiday season, to keep us hopeful)before that Sept 3, 2016 (return to school season, to keep us interested)i regret buying it.had faith he (Touz) would finish it, but he has a habit of disappearing without communication, as many have already stated before me.it was most certainly a cash grab and run game.made things that would appeal to customers at the time of iteration, but still fails to be properly implemented, maintained, etc.more than likely rode the survival hype train, but added robots and some other mechanics from other games to make it seem ""fresh, interesting, exciting, more buzz words.""do not buy, do not pass as playable.buying a 15$ meal at a fast food place could constitute as more fun/successful/money-well-spent than this game... even though we all know that those are not good anymore.sorry bro, but you f****d us hard.edit for typos and clarity."
,Not Recommended,312210,30769902,Posted: 27 March,all,Johnny the salesman,"Still the same as when I bought this in 2015, all 745 of us who bought this game and still no clear improvments, its still the same, good concept but not good in practice, this is far too commen in greenlit games..."
76561197972026420,Not Recommended,312210,14398690,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,LoveMe💔😭,yea the trailer was really convincing but its a scam do not buy waste of monay!!
,Recommended,312210,23884321,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Whisky,"I don't understand why people are fed up with the dev for not bringing out super frequent updates, because the updates are always worth the wait. If you aren't happy about a bug in the game or about how the game plays you can report it to the dev, that's why it is in ""early access"" state. If you aren't happy with games that progress slowly, but don't wish to report bugs in the respective forum(s), you should not be buying ""early access"" games. As long as no microtransactions are added for cosmetics or OP guns (pointing at you, Red Crucible), I see no problem for this game to become a great title, even if it takes 1-3 months per update.9/10"
,Not Recommended,312210,22351887,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Towely_ban,"cant recommend this, vaporware with an EA tag on a tech demo"
,Recommended,312210,33748037,Posted: 23 July,all,SHORT-IN-THE-NECK ED BOY,"I first bought the fifth day around 2014 when it was first put into early access. The changes have definitely been slow, but as a game with a 1 man dev team I really respect the progress it has made as a game. The AI have become a million times better, the game has become more optimized, crafting systems have been overhauled, content has been added. The game has realy come a long way. Most of the negative reviews of this game come from people that dont realize that this game only has 1 developer, so patches WILL be slow. I think that it is a game with a lot of potential that is slowly coming into its own. If you aren't ready for it now, put it on your wishlist and wait a while because it has been receiving steady updates since release."
76561198036868123,Not Recommended,312210,30208182,Posted: 26 February,all,Hrogand,"This game is legitimately awful. No one to play with, nothing to do, A.I enimies are impossible to kill, loot has awful spawn rates, and the map is essentially just a baren landscape. Save your money, buy something else."
,Not Recommended,312210,15450913,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,A Flying Polyp in the Basement,"I've played this for four hours and four ingame days. Crafting system is okay, the aesthetic is wonderful (I'm a big sucker for sci-fi and robots) and I'm not fazed by the exceptionally long development time (it is a one-man dev team, after all).Except the enemies.They are INSANELY difficult to kill, if not outright impossible, for a new player. They shoot at you and kill you in two shots, and worse still, they spawn in and attack you in pairs at the start of every morning no matter where you are, making settlement impossible unless, of course, you have a gun. Problem is,you're always missing that one crucial component for the damn thing(for me, it's the magazine).Otherwise, it's a great game. The bad guys, however, badly need to be nerfed if making any long-term plans in the game is to be actually enjoyable and not bloody frustrating."
,Not Recommended,312210,28764638,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cpt. Rogers [DFS],Early Acess forever should be the title.The game promises much but never comes through.Simple short review.
,Not Recommended,312210,30905361,Posted: 2 April,all,Lux00,this game is dead
76561197976090763,Recommended,312210,15008799,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Kakashi (Brazz),Remember its only one guys woking on this game but !!! it will be very good in the future and right now its playable
,Not Recommended,312210,20400541,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,She_Is_Wolf,"What to do? What is the goal?When you will start this game you will never find answers for theese questions.ONLY loot and MINIMAL crafting.If it would be a meal, it would be a raw meat still running in the forest."
76561198131892772,Not Recommended,312210,14073346,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Yamadev,Definately not worth the time ot waste in playing........ think i would rather play a PBS barney game than this crap.
,Not Recommended,312210,21881916,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,HarmlessPanda,"I know I've only played an hour, and that isn't really enough to try and say the ros and cons. But if you manage to find a gun you are the chosen one..."
76561198120799028,Not Recommended,312210,30200943,Posted: 26 February,all,Bacon Nocob,"I liked the idea of how you are not a human but a robot surviving in the ruins of the world, but it simply does not have enough work done on it. sure, if more people were to develop this game at the same time, I would have some hope for it, but having only one developer work on the game every once and a while does not get a game to a point where it's actually fun. Conclusion: Fun concept; too little of a development team."
76561198123777865,Not Recommended,312210,31881968,Posted: 21 May,all,Deathcloke,"♥♥♥♥♥poor game, cannot survive more than 5 mins because the constant NPCs that always find you and one shot you from 50 miles away and take bullets like a bear takes plastic BBs. I feel bad for my brother for spending the money to buy it, I honestly want his money back for the game, I wouldn't play this unless I'm the one being paid to."
,Not Recommended,312210,26623143,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,XXXSquidwardTortellini,"This game has so much potential, it has a good idea, it is challenging, and honestly offers a good amount of replay value. The real issue here is that it has been on steam early access for over two years now and hardly a thing has changed, updates are few and far between. I understand that game development takes some time, but to still be in alpha two years after launch, with a ton of work to do on the game and only putting out a handful of updates a year is unacceptable, not to mention the price is stupidly high for the piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that it is."
76561198081136763,Not Recommended,312210,30899277,Posted: 2 April,all,HandsFreeFap,Still the same as when I bought this in 2015
76561198113237517,Not Recommended,312210,11917406,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Rex Mundi,"not recommended at this time. dont let my play time fool you. i went, did, saw, and built just about everything you can in the 6 hrs play time i havethe game is an interesting concept but i feel the dev is heading in a bland and un orginal path, even though hes taking a completely new spin on the game style. the incorporation of robots feels more like a gimmick rather than something that changes things up in the gameplay. given that the sandbox survival game has been done so many times i dont see anything good, new, fun, enjoyable, or worth-the-money, (YET!) that hasnt already been done, and with better execution, in other games of the genre."
,Not Recommended,312210,14164464,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Peeeeeduuuur,Just dont buy this game.
,Not Recommended,312210,23327050,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Lazy fuck,"It WAS fun before the update where they replaced finding guns on the ground with a bad and generic part crafting.This is just a cash grab by the developers, since development is dead by now.It's still kinda fun however there are better games!"
76561198095899378,Not Recommended,312210,21446039,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,humanoidHD,"Well, im gonna be as genorous as i can here. this is without a doubt the worst game i have ever played in my ♥♥♥♥ing life. now, im experienced. i play roblox for ♥♥♥♥s sakes and this is worse. there are no servers and even if you can find one, its cancer. you have to CRAFT weapons which are stupidly difficult to find parts for, while being chased by giant robot ♥♥♥♥bois, not to mention if you run out of stamina, it doesnt regenerate, i said it before and i said it again, WORST GAME EVER, wouldnt get it if it was free, asked for refund."
,Not Recommended,312210,26463565,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,qυαηтα,"nothing to do, no players just a dull somewhat complicated survival game."
,Not Recommended,312210,26040261,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Vladimir Lenin,I bought this game a year ago and still development seems lacking.Also there are EMPTY SERVERS ( No people to play with ).
76561197986866634,Not Recommended,312210,31528574,Posted: 3 May,all,Azzameen [Aut],"Since the last Patches the game is unplayabale for common gamer.You get chased al lthe time by NPC which are cheating because they know your location even far far away.You shall collect CAM files by scanning the NPC, but the only weapon you ve to do this is an EMP thrower with a way too short time of stunning NPC, then you need to run close, Hack the NPC, (which is still firing at you even when hacked) and then you need around 20 Seconfds to scan the (hacked) NPC,.. well thats not funny anymore. I talk about a char which is several days old and colelcted a lot itemes BEFORE the patch. Now after you wont survive no 30 mins...When you die all your items are lost, with no chance to get them back by colelcting a bag for example.The harvester, a flying machine which collects Ore, Wood and concrete, are flying dumb around, hard to hack, because they re flying, and when you get luckky and hack one it gets destryed by hundreds of NPC which re walkign around.Even if yo ure lucky and the harvester get not damaged while saving, its gone after startingthe old save game.To find good ites is that rare thats it no fun to search anymore, because yo ure get chasing all the time.About building a house, you can forget because the detonator NPC destroy all items you re built. if you ve a full chest, well,, all is gone.Thats not balanced thats a big B:U.L.L.S.H.I.T.Thanks Touz for fooling us follower of this game with such hartdcore and sensless patches.And angry first time gamerAzzameen"
76561197965120419,Not Recommended,312210,27332035,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chaemera,"I picked this game up early in its history, thinking it sounded like an interesting premise that I'd like to see mature. Unfortunately it seems like development's stalled out almost completely, and the game itself is a barebones, barely functional ""wander around looking for materials"" style framework. I'd get a refund if I hadn't bought it long before such things were implemented for Steam."
,Not Recommended,312210,21432243,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,[TsPub] PhysiksTV,"Well, this game at first had me like WHOA, this is a great premise, and the gameplay was great.  I was having fun until I played a REAl videogame. One that has substance and works right.   I cant stand it when a DEV gives up.  Why? Didnt make enough money? See, they should do this because they LOVE to do it, not for the $$$.  Sad that this world strives off profit, this game had a lot of potential but right now, I'd rather fart into a pog holder several times, leaving it outside for 6 days in the desert, pick it up, open it, and inhale the foul flatulent than play this excuse for a game.  Its pretty tho.......pretty damn awful waste of money for GIVE UP DEVs......Azztards."
,Not Recommended,312210,35108199,Posted: 21 September,all,Magma Core,"Ive had this since its come out, to this day, 9/21/2017, with all their updates and all still nearly unplayable. Besides running around aimlessley with no visible landmarks half the time, with almost one shot kill things constantly homing in on you in a world where you can get 38 blueprints, 3 wooden bats, 4 metal pipes and gunparts that could not mismatch anyworse if it tried.Its fun, Im not saying it isnt, but its barely do-able in any way shape or form until theres a map touch up, the weight situation is fixed (4 pipes should not cripple a mechanical beast that can leap 20+ feet easily) and maybe some insight on the hacking (forget the item spawning, once you get a harvester youre set, IF you ever can)(my recomendation would be a no-t yet, but they dont have that sadly)"
,Not Recommended,312210,29684911,Posted: 3 February,all,lumbo7332,Huge waste of money. Please don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,312210,31485392,Posted: 1 May,all,Good execution,Pros-Great Potential-Extremely Hard-Cool features-surreal feelingCons-Extremely Hard-Can't survive easily-Not for new players-Hard to maneuver and find items before being shot in the back of the head by some ♥♥♥♥in robot
76561198136547113,Not Recommended,312210,31087832,Posted: 11 April,all,nackbaxster14,Almost no improvement since I bought this game in 2014. Terrible AI. Complete waste of fifteen dollars.
76561198042047712,Recommended,312210,11408450,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Turbofresh,"The game seems like it has a lot of potential. there are currently a few minor bugs (like items stuck under houses that you cant loot) but the hacking and building portion of the game are very interesting. In a multiplayer match i was able to turn one of the AI to my side but was killed before i could do anything further with it. The AI seem to be able to oneshot you and have almost 100% accuracy if they're in LOS of you, which is lame, so PVE combat is very difficult, but online matches are fun. loot is hard to come by as well, and many buildings that seem like they could be opened can't, so the locations loot spawn on are very limited it seems. there's a lot of mechanics that give the game promise."
,Not Recommended,312210,20019289,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MajorY,Way too buggy to play right now. I have faith that this could be a good game eventually
76561198044212679,Recommended,312210,11543631,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,XI_JARHEAD_IX,very good game very suprised on how fun it is specialy this early still a few bug i would like to fixed this early other than that the maker has done extremely well and i look forward to seeing the future of this gameps. one of the bugs that i dont like is that the enemy can go through walls thats what i would like to see fix all in all A+
76561198020311902,Not Recommended,312210,22257214,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Stryker,"Do not waste your money, devs have abandoned this pile of steaming crap."
,Not Recommended,312210,30228454,Posted: 27 February,all,Tecktonik Pyro,"I've had this game for well over a year, I've tried to play it off and on, but in the game there are very little options to do anything, and the trailer is a lie, you can't build s***. I would have never bought this game if i had realized that it would only have two updates since the time I bought it. The tutorial is awful at teaching you anything, and the game is horribly optimized. -10/10 wouldn't even reccomend to my enemies."
76561198038319784,Not Recommended,312210,16640921,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dunner Homes,Game Died When Development Goes Nowhere
,Not Recommended,312210,31984564,Posted: 26 May,all,iG • Chrichi,"Hi,I bought this game like a year or two ago.The only thing i recognize is that there was addes Weapon-Parts for a Shotgun.I have try The Fifth Day out with a NVIDIA Geforce 730, Geforce 750Ti and now with a Geforce 1060. There is NO difference in at the grafics for me (Yes i Played a bit with the Options [Quality and Performance]) ?! Only the Performance is better but i have the feeling that i cant see so far as i can see at the time i buyed that pice of software.Back in the time i bought that game i have hacket and cheating the sh<3t out of the game (actually that was the only point it was ejoyable) XD.. I mean you can hack the skill points too. And that was too easy.Maybe i look into it later..Oh and the screenshots on Steam look very different as by me..Another Point is that i read a bunch of update notes and.. i think there is something like a newer version out and i dont get it.I think i am bad at writing reviews. I dont recommed the game.Oh and the sounds are bad too, like you cant hear the enemy robots so you have to look around like every two seconds.. and if you want to enjoy the game.. earn like 3 skillpoints and catch a bit items and try Cheat Engine.. and you can jump on top of the buildings at the Power Plants/Nuke Power things. There is the only save point i found, here you can reload your power. Because without you cant run and if you cant run.. your dead and dont try the melee otherwise your dead too.. Now i am tired to write its 1:48 at the mornig now.. Good night >.<"
,Not Recommended,312210,29123663,Posted: 8 January,all,The Knight of The Abyss,"This game had potential, but slowly died, the updates come in very slow it almost feels like a year or 2 years before the next update would ever come. I would save your money and find another survival game out there, I mean there are game like 7 days to die, subsistence, etc. BUT I CAN'T RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ANYBODY."
,Recommended,312210,11438208,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Spaghedward III,"Im reviewing this game after about an hour and a half of gameplay and i must say im quite impressed with this game already and i hope the team behind this will take my notes and maybe implement, modify or even respond to my requests/complaints.Here we go:Bugs i see so far-Items spawning under floorboards-Foot steps do not make noise on certain surfaces-Joining Multiplayer matches did not work for me maybe the servers need to be full i just got tired of waiting around.Repair/Fix/Implement list:-Counter Radiation measure-Longer run, maybe tone down the draw of the running energy-Better combat system, guns are working fairly good but maybe some sort of melee.-Better resource collecting, maybe add a tool system like every other survival game. Having to find a giant harvester robot is a giant waste of energy and time. not to mention you cant craft anything without a book, so keep the book but bring in tools.-Keep hacking but use defensive robots instead of resource collecting robots, or heck even both.Maybe a basic jump. Instead of 50 energy=1% jump maybe make it 10 energy=1% jump then you can modify each percent after that like 10 energy=1%, 15 energy=2%, 20 energy=3% you get the picture.-Just wondering if infinite world is possible at all.Anyways take my advice or dont take my advice the game is still kick♥♥♥♥♥because of the difficulty factor and i know its early early alpha but for what it is i see this game having a bright future, i am definitely recommending this game to all my friends.Score for now8.0/10.08.0/10.08.0/10.0"
76561198143846520,Recommended,312210,11408899,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,[i]Frosty,"Before buying, please realize that this game is in PRE-ALPHA. There are many features not added to the game, as far I can tell, including guns, sentries, etc. But, on the other hand, the game is very unique. The game itself isn't quite as difficult as some may say, although robots do one-shot if within 10-15 meters of the player. The graphics aren't mind boggling, but they definitely do shine through. All-in-all, the games deserves at least a 7-8/10 so far. Definitely a steal at only $15."
76561198024289652,Recommended,312210,12389377,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,McSwagPants,"I really have to say that after testing a game I've never been this positively suprised about how good of a setting this game has. Seriously... A ♥♥♥♥ing robot, left behind by his human constructors in a post apocalyptic world where robots fight against each other? Refreshing, original setting, consistent and, after you get used to it, intuitive controls, AI could be better, but who cares, tha game is only a patch 0.03, which is why I'm really really thrilled for the future of this game and I hope the dude developing this game keeps up the good work."
,Recommended,312210,11417524,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Hermaeus Mora,"A very immersive game. It is extremely fun, and though is not very diverse at the moment I would recommend for this everyone for who is looking for a very Tactical Fun FPS![Warning] The game is not very big, so can get fairly boring if you do not make your own game up. Have fun!"
,Recommended,312210,11544565,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,DTM Derrick,A game with ALOT of potential. Excited to see what the future holds for this game.
76561198082358060,Recommended,312210,11554318,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,SonOfKonzan,"I bought The Fifth Day after watching one of PsiSyndicate's lets plays for it. He stated in his video that the game was poorly made, very buggy, and had little to no content. Still, I purchased it in hope of a half-way decent survival&building game.Once I launched it I was greeted with a pleasant surprise. The game's visuals were beautiful and captured the asthetic of a cold, lonely wasteland well and without any FPS drops or crashing on maximum settings. Once I started walking around the desolate world I came across a new breed of enemy, robots. The bots were well modeled and effectively frightining, as one of them slowly turned around; scanned me and shot one round. Killing me in my place. I must say I jumped as the shot rang out.Gameplay mechanics such and building and combat are fluid and difficult enough to provide a challenge, not a headache.To start building you must find a hacker tool (They mainly spawn in cities and towns), and a harvester. (Harvesters are found in pits around the map) If you do find a harvester, you must hack into it using the tool mentioned above. Once hacked you command the machine to collect resources and drop them near you (The way the harvester flys around and drops supply pods is impressive for a game this young). Once you have enough resources you build using a recipe book found around the map. The building itself is rather alot like the game ""Rust"" by Garry Newman, You craft templates and place them in a locking format. I prefer The Fifth Day's building more because it has no glitches with the terrain and more templates to produce more complex structures. Combat is wonderful, the weapon models sway with your charecter, the firearms themselves feel powerful and fun to fire, and the recoil is set properly to give you the satisfaction of a well aimed shot.The AI is not the smartest out there, but still provide enough of a challenge to keep you on the edge of your seet as you walk through the deserted countrysides and cities.All in all I give The Fifth Day a 10/10, for breathtaking visuals and atmosphere, no bugs or glitches, well designed building and gunplay mechanics, interesting and new hostile enemies, low hardware requirements, and low price."
76561198134116220,Not Recommended,312210,12285990,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,NeXT Level,"Hey folks,Initially I gave this game a positive review because it had potential to gain ground, despite being prefabbed from available Unity assets.Updates for this game have not occurred since October 2014 (3 months ago from the time of this updated review).  I'm not sure what's happening with this game, but it's incomplete and apparently not being worked on with any reliability.These games and their developers are precisely what gives Early Access a bad name.In my opinion, it would be a waste of your money to buy this game for ANY price, unless it goes on sale for $5 or cheaper."
76561197983045752,Not Recommended,312210,31231800,Posted: 18 April,all,GodHatesYou! (EOA),Considering its been almost a year since anything tangible was done with this game i consider it dead. Another early acess that was run by a thief looking for some cash.
,Recommended,312210,11553951,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Awesome_Bro_Dude,"This game is so interesting, you can play together and its only 14.99!"
76561198011777368,Recommended,312210,11409485,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,hamtwigg,"have to say I love it !, it is hard but hey it is about survival after all, and IMHO this is going to be great, well woth supporting.did the tutorial, then started the game (freeplay) I died, started again and got to a whole 8mins of paly before .......I died, Have got as far as a whole 15 mins, before, erm I died !"
76561198018740494,Recommended,312210,11409674,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Kaiser Soze,"First Impressions.Fun, hard, almost survived 1 day.  I found a shotgun and thought i would try and kill a bot with my 2 shells....it didnt end well.Requests....KeyBindings!!!!Im left handed...i use the mouse with my left hand...pls stop the hate on all us south paws and let us rebind the controlsOverview:  after 2 hrs of playtime I am happy with the purchase.  It brings a new idea to the survival sandbox.  It is Alpha but runs stable on my pc.  Looking forward to updates."
76561198033394809,Not Recommended,312210,25499798,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,lord23,this game is a dead end / abandoned by the dev's..waste of money
,Recommended,312210,11485827,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Randy Savage,"This game was, at the start, frustrating at best. I didnt know what to do, i couldn't find any loot, and i just hid in a corner waiting for those relentless robots to leave me alone. I honostly wanted uninstall the game within the first 10 min. But, thank the gaming gods, I gave it another chance. I walked into the town buildings and was suprised at how much loot was in there. Soon after I wandered to the Nuclear Plant and found a huge supply of weaponry. Things were starting to get exciting, and by throwing some players in there, BAM! Best earlier alpha game so far. Not alot of bugs so far, great exploring benifits, and a back-stabbing community make this game a one-of-a-kind game. Dumbed down version: A guy dropped a shotgun infront of me and i picked it up and killed him.10/10"
76561198047164015,Recommended,312210,12795839,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,etan,Way to early to play.   Has potential but needs lots of work
76561198066881260,Not Recommended,312210,21538406,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Steve.540,"This game is the equivalent to going into your bathroom grabbing a turd and slapping your self in the face with it and throwing yourself down a flight of stairs, and running away, kinda like the Dev."
76561198109565739,Recommended,312210,14516688,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ford_Prefect,"Its fun to play, but the latest Update was in October and I dont know if there will be another."
76561198121306895,Recommended,312210,11431808,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Callipygian Moose,"Good game....a few little bugs but i havent come accross any major ones yet, other than ladders sometimes not working which is annoying if your stuck in a hole with low stamina. I think most of the hate is from people who go in blind, you can't really do that, and even those who don't, yeah i admit the in game tutorial is pretty naff. Heres a link to my tutorial if anyones is struggling. Hopefully it will help.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=291814375"
76561198049649858,Recommended,312210,11549792,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,GhostN9,since this game came out it has improved alot and it needs to be advertised more
76561198112095781,Recommended,312210,11428925,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,\/\/oodstock,"please make a dedicated site for this game to post ideas, as well as your own update progression blogs, best part of this game is hacking into ships, id really like to see more of that in the game, add cameras, locked doors, and even more, also, definatly tone down the insane amount of enemy npcs, starting a fresh game is very difficult considering the low loot threshhold and the enemies 1 shot killing you,update- alot of the 12 year olds are complaining that this game is dead, it is not, it has ONE developer, and he has to juggle this and real life,"
76561198141546299,Recommended,312210,11784859,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,ZΣПӨFΛLL,it has a lot of potential... i believe
,Recommended,312210,11954039,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Major Valkyr,"I would definitely buy this game. It's tons of fun, I love the hacking feature, sure it's buggy, but guess what? it's only in v 0.0.3, and its already this good!? Go buy this game. then friend me. so we can play :D"
76561198061328801,Recommended,312210,11508845,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,THE LOWDON,the game is amazing highly recomend it
,Recommended,312210,12579129,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,.Corp,This game is promasing but i would recomend leaving it untill it is out of Early Access because there are loooooooots of bugs but besids those the game play it good the menu is a bit boring but it works (Yay) you playing as a robot is fun vs robot dubble fun but i can't finnish the tutural because my dubble jump is not working so :( so that is why i say wait till it coms out if Early access.
76561197971121688,Not Recommended,312210,29970875,Posted: 16 February,all,DeathGrip,i dont know... the game has no gaol just walk around pick almost useless stuff.. no tutorial to give you the basics how the game works building are huge when you find them but most of them are plain and cant even enter em very weird game.and graphis are terrible for a 2014 game no real improvements.try it if you want but i dont recommend it...
76561198135913580,Not Recommended,312210,17838901,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Antimouse,Not recommend at that stage. Will come back closer to betta testing.
,Not Recommended,312210,30472677,Posted: 12 March,all,Miss Scaredy Cat,Why the hell did i waste my money
,Not Recommended,312210,23536047,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,hazukirecro,"bought the game despite all the negative comments and rating. in theory this game sounds promising but it really isnt. the crafting mechanic is a mess, map layout is just plain lazy, empty and really small compared to other sandbox survival games. combat is mediocre at best and almost non existent due to the terrible crafting and looting system.dont ever buy this game to support the devs, this game is a pure ripoff."
76561198049844155,Not Recommended,312210,17924293,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Arkaronis,"The Weapons should be more powerfull, there could be a lot more usefull craftable items, The player view could use a more realistic full color effect, the enemies could use a location system instead of one shoting you, It could use a map, Radar systems, craft a tank, craft a laser, craft a flying machine, its just like the editor got relesed with a couple of content packs and a post processing effect. The Idea of using energy and capacitors to upgrade your mobility is great, But if I had the fifteen dollars back I could buy ark again and have three times the content, And I hate to be the one to say it, but Dont buy it if you dont enjoy overpowered environments in a seemingly endless world with nothing to do but try and figure out what happened to the rest of the game. Can I get a refund!"
76561197998119850,Recommended,312210,12849647,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,[ELR] Dbetz007,"This game shows promise and was interesting even if the world seemed really small. So far the only thing the hacking tool is good for is the harvester robot thing, its nearly impossible to hack any other robot unless your really lucky. The lack of being able to open the doors to buildings has also seemed to make things not as enjoyable. Although this is in free play single player only I have not tried multiplayer as of yet."
,Recommended,312210,22468388,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,︻デ═一 BluKat,you know what?its an allright gameits one DEVdoesnt crashno game breaking bugssmall updates and fixesmoving along at a snail pacebut i keep coming backi keep re installing itits a good concept and graphics and map are nicea bit barren but for the map size its a good balanceneeds propper multiplayer and dedicated servers tho
76561198162379395,Not Recommended,312210,24829482,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Freddie,Too bad I bought this before refunds were availible in one short sentence this game is complete boll0cks
,Not Recommended,312210,20066073,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,VidaarX,Complete wastes of money do not buy buggy and super late updates that add little content and fix bugs. I understand the developer is a solo team with limited resources with subpar quick fixes and updates nice new screen shots to get the juices flowing but personally I think it’s a cash grab.More Con's then Pro's 3/10 from me.
,Recommended,312210,30205276,Posted: 26 February,all,premiumburtsbees,"Ok, OK, okay, this game is getting somewhere.... somewhere magical...Oh and please please give this game a chance, the dev needs support because he's just one dude and I can see why it takes him a long time to update the game because the past few recent updates has added a bunch of cool little things and some really interesting new areas that could make a pretty cool plot.. I was upset with this update at first (because of some bugs) but the more I learned and the more I took my time with this game it became actually pretty cool. It's still annoying to die a lot, and to get shot by hunters and to be exploded out of nowhere.. At first this game may seem like a piece of left behind junk but honestly it's one of the most interesting games that I own in my library. Please be positive towards your devs, trust me it helps them make greater content and it helps motivate them as well. Looking at all the hate this game is getting is sad but I can see where someone with little patience is coming from. Please don't hate on games made by one dude and complain,, if you don't like the game then don't play it. You don't need to send negative♥♥♥♥♥♥towards the dev, you really need to understand what the mans dealing with and he's just trying to make a sweet game. Give him support, reasonable and good feedback."
,Not Recommended,312210,30662241,Posted: 21 March,all,tomlrx,i like the game but way to much bad ai in the game u get killed to fast the game needs a console i think or a button we can press to turn off things we do not what to deal with right off hand till u get better with it o and the bad ai spwans like crazzy to much need less bad ai of all types thank u
76561198040451986,Not Recommended,312210,23177304,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Magic..?,This game update once every year?
76561198079216728,Not Recommended,312210,31048728,Posted: 9 April,all,xelakerley,the game is never going anywhere. go elsewhere
,Recommended,312210,14057228,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,TacoRalf,Love the time that i have played it. Just needs updates
,Not Recommended,312210,26120459,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,KiNkAsOuRuSrEx,Super laggy and it's when it works it's not fun
,Recommended,312210,11630703,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Rossie,Excellent 10/10
,Recommended,312210,11876897,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ｇｏｎｍｏｏｓｅ,10/10 would buy again
76561198030779936,Recommended,312210,11596998,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,CaptSpock,"I Really like this game, it is different from playing those zombie games, as a game almost two weeks old runs very well for me, yeah i died a few times learning how to play, but i gathered a few things, then save my game, but it is not easy,trick i learned is stay where you start the game, charge up, then scout around, if tyou can get 5 solar panels, and drop the core, you will use power faster because of weight, but less detectible. you can hide in towers from detnators, or just run away. it's funny watching the hunters come after you and if there is a detnator around he will take out the hunter for you.Great work on this one."
76561198092560362,Not Recommended,312210,29577844,Posted: 29 January,all,3t9659,RIP this game
,Not Recommended,312210,29626400,Posted: 1 February,all,ZombieStalker08,To be dead honest I don't even know what the hell this game is about....
,Not Recommended,312210,29054673,Posted: 6 January,all,Feron,Promised much delivered nothing in early access for over 2 years i think thats enough.
76561198105150020,Recommended,312210,11476017,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,๖ۣۜÅlex.,"I think this game is really well put together, took me 30 mins to understand what to do and how to play, but after that I really started ro enjoy the game."
76561197970550801,Recommended,312210,11994629,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,HighTech,It seems like it will be a fun game escially when the hunter robots cant walk through walls.
,Recommended,312210,11926697,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Awakeland,"i like this game alot but how can i start over there is no restart ,i saved an i cant move i droped the wrong stuff :/"
,Recommended,312210,14598235,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,The Doctor,the new addition f procederally generated weapons and tools brings a good atmosphere to teh game as well as the physics. However the updates still seem to be infrequant. so i think it wold be beneficial if th community get updates oversteam for people who don't use facebook/don't follow it or have twitter.but for a lone developer. pretty decent compared to otehr survival games.
,Not Recommended,312210,13113452,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,lega,Didn't be upgraded for 4or 5 months
76561198115431785,Not Recommended,312210,28577305,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,sbmechling,Too challenging for me. Requires computer programming skills.
,Not Recommended,312210,29298386,Posted: 16 January,all,Uprise,Why did I buy this!?!?
76561198118335953,Not Recommended,312210,23226334,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,mrbasket77,"Hard to get into, and doesnt provide anything that cant be found at the same or a better level from a cheaper game."
,Recommended,312210,17385468,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Rycr,In what year the game will be ready?I have time to play in this life?
,Recommended,312210,12206320,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,GenoMαη™,It is fun but no one is ever online..No dedicated servers:(
,Not Recommended,312210,29837757,Posted: 10 February,all,zombu2,I still have no idea why i bought this abortion ......it must have been dirt cheap on sale ...What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,312210,14851128,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,SimplyPanda,"Hey guys remember when the developer said they would actually update the game?WOAH we finally got updates! I wonder what the dev added to enhance the flavor of the game!/fixed certain bugs/ /patched game/ /tell your friends to buy my♥♥♥♥♥♥game!/Are you ♥♥♥♥ing joking? Touz didn't fix♥♥♥♥♥♥ what a lying scumbag. That's what happens when Steam gets lazy and doesn't care about itself anymore, allowing every game possible to be sold no matter how awful and expensive they are."
76561197985062642,Recommended,312210,11426931,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Shimamura-kun,"ill write english / japanese . and this is my how to hack movie(and where is items)http://youtu.be/OPl42rrEBUwthis is survive game (u can survive after fifth days)hack is cmd.exe(hack range is too short. and hold long time. careful)map is hugeenemy has strong gun, but weak bodymultplayer game is available. play and rank up, u will get skill pointskill is power up, lucky, jump charge speed up... and more.singleplayer can save anytime.too many items.there is scope rifle, assault rifle, grenader, mp40, magnum, and more!(there is my scoperifle screenshot. not lie)when start singleplayergame, item respawn.(so if u want many rare items, u save at item respawn point. and start, get, save, out, start, get, save, out. i got all items)crafting must need crafting guide v1/v2/v3 (v1 is wood/v2 is concrete/v3 is iron ore)and...how to get resource ?only big flying robot. find him. use hack tool.(hint:South)(if u did SetMaster, press I key. then left side RFID, select harvester property get iron ore command :D)this is Early Access game. dont cry noobs.・RUSTやTHE FORESTのように目的なくただひたすら生き残るサバイバルゲーム。・ロボットをハッキングできる。ハッキング画面はcmd.exe・マップはかなり広い。・敵はハンターくん（一発でやられる）ドローン（近づかなければおｋ）爆発くん（自爆）しかいない・オンラインはすでにできる。マルチプレイを選択後、数秒待ってれば勝手に始まる。・シングルはデータをいつでも保存できる。・他のコメントでアイテムが入手なかなかできなくて難しい！とかいってる人がいるが、このゲームはリログすることでアイテムをいくらでもリスポンできるから、アイテムが沸く家とかで5回とか10回とかリログしてみてほしい。俺はそれで全てのアイテムを入手した。・ハッキングの距離はかなり短く、時間もかかる。コツは一発撃たれたあと（避けた後）隠れて、探しはじめたあとこっそり行うこと。・クラフトはクラフトガイドというアイテムを入手する必要がある。上記手段か、運よく拾うこと。かなりレアなアイテム。・資源は資源回収用の三角形飛行物体ロボットをハッキングする必要がある。この世界のどこかに何台かいるので見つけること。（非常に大変。固定の位置に必ずいる）・アーリーアクセスにしてはクラフトは色々できて割りと面白い。・スキルはおまけレベル。マルチプレイヤーでランクをあげるとポイントが増える。割り振るとシングルでも適応され、かなり変わる。・武器やアイテムはかなり豊富。ムービーのスコープライフルも実装済みだけど超レア。・チュートリアルの説明は丁寧だが、割と足りてない。総評：そこそこ面白い。10点満点で言うと7点くらい。でもそれなりのゲーマーじゃないとすぐ死んで詰んでクソゲーっていって投げ出すと思う。"
,Not Recommended,312210,29079359,Posted: 6 January,all,xTaintedzombiex,I tried this game trying to ignore what the comments said because the game looked amazing. Only problem is my game would freeze every 2 seconds and then crash. So that was pretty fun :)
,Recommended,312210,24729233,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,✪SpankeySweaten,the game is very good in myy opinon but the reason i refunded it was the lack of the community with offical servers with no one on the but a good game
,Recommended,312210,12355765,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,LoveHateHero,This game is expansive and I love it. So much  I ignore the lag on my slow pc :)You can do lots on it and not so much as the new update is not out yet but im quite thrilled. Has lots of potential and is kinda like Rust except with robots and it lighter on the PC makes a good game for people suffering with SPCS (Slow PC Syndrome)I like it :DAlso looking for players to play with me so add my skype if you want to game up! PvP or PvE: i.refuse2.lose
,Recommended,312210,11410745,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Guahos,I'll be back.
,Not Recommended,312210,13012953,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,『Counter』♫,"Tutorial doesn't work, and neither do the ingame items. I understand it's an alpha game, but you spawn with no defence and enemies show upo everywhere after 5 minutes. Hopefully it's fixed and/or made better soon.It's a good idea and I fully support it, but more work on the developing aspect."
,Recommended,312210,29455154,Posted: 23 January,all,Nuclear sub,i really think this game could be somthing is the devloper does more :)
,Not Recommended,312210,30560407,Posted: 16 March,all,Sweglies,I could stick a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥into a SNES cartridge and it would be better than this.
,Not Recommended,312210,31069135,Posted: 10 April,all,Gatormonkey,Well the uninstall button works. Kinda.
76561198009380418,Not Recommended,312210,15422584,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Yargurt,Locks up when initiating Freeplay on MAC.  Not playable.
,Recommended,312210,14963640,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Curtains,Pros+ Graphics+AtmoshphereCons+ sounds are terible and sometimes no exisitant+ you drain energy by walking! WALKING+ the enermys suck+Ai is sh*t+ Boring
76561198066525270,Not Recommended,312210,30156696,Posted: 24 February,all,Albino Deathclaw,This game in its current state is bad... i cannot recomend until something is done. But i do see the potential. It is a cool concept and has a few cool aspects.
,Not Recommended,312210,26514469,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Jarmenkell,"Its an amazing game, on paper."
,Recommended,312210,11411400,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Ron Brrgundy,"Aweome game love it cant wait to play more of it, so hyped its a little buggy yes but honeslt it has more features then day z stand alone :D and thats saying alot man and to all the guys whining about not being able to go into every building....ITS EARLY ACCESS GIVE YOUR HEAD A SHAKE ITS JUST OUT TODAY THERES NO WAY ONE GUY IS GONNA BE ABLE TO PUSH OUT A PATCH LESS THEN 8 HOURS AFTER THE GAME HAS COME OUT HAHA"
76561198120243598,Recommended,312210,12381630,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,drizztdourden2050,"Ok guys let me give you my thoughts on what reviews ive read and what ive seen playing the game. First off this is a early release game and its only 0.0.3 anyone ♥♥♥♥♥ing because it has bugs, or because it doesnt have much content how ♥♥♥♥ing stupid can you be. a game takes time to make, and since its only one guy making a indie game i think hes done pretty damn good on what he has done so far. for instance lets compare a published game by a company like square enix. its takes them ♥♥♥♥ing years to create a game with a big♥♥♥♥♥staff to make a decent game. so pretty much if you have anything bad to say then go play something else till the game is worked on more and features has been added. For me the game looks promising and i know its tough roaming for supplies and then trying to find your base again while constantly avoiding enemies.My thoughts on improvements would be a few things starting off, lets have it where we can manually collect supplies so we can start building from scratch once we have the books. add the recipe for solar panels the stand the are attached to and such as. add recipes for ammunition, weapons, and other things that is hard to find like circuits. i would like the map expanded when time allows with more complex and beautiful towns, cities, and landscape adding underground areas and caves and such as. keep up the good work and seriously dont expect a indie game that has just came out to be like a game you buy in the store, give it time to progress just like your parents who bought you the game are waiting patiently for you to grow the ♥♥♥♥ up and move the hell out of thier house."
,Recommended,312210,14816645,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Bl4Z3R,this game is great love it building in a robot survival game love it and it has a great price who cant afford 15 dollars
76561198027415967,Recommended,312210,30021116,Posted: 18 February,all,Kygeir,"This will be my very first review, so let me begin by saying that I'm seeing a whole lot of whining and b!tching about this game from reviewers who bought it knowing it's state of development. It's early access. Anyone who's bought an early access title before should know what that entails.If you don't have the patience for long waits then you have no buisiness buying this or any other early access title. Just because you pay for an incomplete product (and knowingly doing so) does not mean they are required to build a game on YOUR acceptable time frame. This game (as far as I'm aware of) is being built by one man. Not a small crew, but one man. Make your choice of purchase while being aware of this.Now. Lets get to the facts of this game and clear up some of the half truths and misleading information.First, yes this game has been in development for a while now. And yes it's still in an Alpha state. What does this mean for you? If you purchase this as is then you will be getting a game that's missing a lot, and likely become very bugy from time to time. Despite this, there are still a great many things to do for someone who is willing to learn without having their hand held like it was when they played WoW.Next, I've seen reviews saying that there is no tutorial, this is false. There is a playable tutorial that will show you the very basics of this game without holding your little WoW hand and telling you every little thing about the game.Now, about the updates, yes they are few and far between. Apparently people are still under the impression that one person, that one man, is required to release updates every week or hold their hand and take time away from what is most likely his real world life, job, and family to tell each and every one of them (personally, as they are special little snow flakes) what's going on and when things will be done. While I agree that his lack of communication is very unprofessional, again, this is one man who likely has a life. Like a few of us. And this is most likely his first attempt at build and selling a game. Keep this in mind before purchasing.I've also seen reviews stating that there is no new content. This is very much false. While some of these reviews are old enough to have somewhat of an excuse, I've actually seen newer reviews claiming this. Again, it's false. This game was released bare bones. There was almost nothing to it. There has been a significant amount of small content added that most would likely miss while they were busying wiping their eyes and lamenting on how they missed the good old handholding days of WoW when they'd get into trouble with their Pally and just bubble and Hearth. And a little complaining got all the drop rates adjusted to drop for them. I know. You are upset there is no bubble and hearth for when you are about to die and you are upset that you actually have to look for parts to build a decent gun instead of handing you a nuke. Yes, it's very sad, but you will live. But in all seriousness, there are a lot of items that I've heard about that I've not even found yet myself. Also, the last update just released a new area that appears to be an instanced zone that will have something to do with the upcoming storyline. So to finish this story, yes, there is new content. Yes, there are new things to do. The real problem is people not satisfied with how far apart the updates are. Again, if you don't have the patience for it then don't buy this game.I've also seen reviews about the graphics and gameplay saying they have not recieved any updates or improvements. This is, again, false. The AI had a big overhaul. The spawning system recieved a very big overhaul. There is no longer Enemies walking through walls, or standing at the base of the building that you are bravely cowering on waiting for them to kill eachother so you can escape. I know, you are angry that he took away your exploit and you now have to fight. You're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you now have to worry about the enemy jumping up to your floor and spray painting your oily parts all over the wall from a close range shottyng  blast. Yes, it's sad.As for the graphics and optimization, yes, they can use a tweaking, but they have been tweaked already. I was originally getting around 12-16 ish fps. After the recent update I now get around 20-40 ish fps. On a 4 year old laptop running a 2.4 cpu, 8 gigs of ram, and a GTX 840m. I feel pretty certain that your gaming rig will likely do better.To finish up this little book I'll close with this: If you're not a spoiled little manchild missing your WoW days of having everything handed to your little Alliance pally and can actually LEARN to play something new that ISN'T finished yet and are capable of understanding that concept then you MIGHT just like this game. It's not for everyone. But if you have the maturity to understand that not everything has to be Witcher 3 quality just because you demand it, then you just might enjoy this for what it is. It's different. It's going to be slow and watching the growth could be enjoyable.If you're like me and have several early access titles (even the ones that were abandeoned) and the HUGE purchase price of 15 dollars won't make mommy and daddy so angry that they beat you, then you might want to get this. Worst case scenario, you lose the price of a fast food meal. Yeah, I know, it breaks the bank. Ouch. Sooo bad. Mommy will be sooo angry. Best case scenario, you actually enjoy it. Up to you to decide whether or not the risk of the game folding is worth it to you. Only you can decide this. Or mommy."
76561198089599691,Not Recommended,312210,17960715,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Chibineko,"I was very disapointed with this game, to say the least. I wasn't expecting too much, but even then it failed to deliver.tl/dr; the combat is probably the worst part of the game, and in a survival game like this, that's a huge dealbreaker.The best thing about this game I can say is probably weapon crafting. While it's a pain early on, you could probably make some pretty nice weapons later on. I say probably, because I've never actually lasted longer than a few minutes, so I've never gotten to experiment with the weapon crafting.The enemies range from either absurdly stupid to absurdly powerful. There are ""creeper bots"" (they walk up to you and explode) but they're hardly a threat. I don't think I've even been damaged by one of them. There are Hive Bots, which are small, flying robots that swarm near their hives, but they are easily avoided. The real threat are ""Hunters"" I believe they are called. They spawn randomly and just wander around until you get near. And once they have locked on to you, you might as well be dead. They can kill you in about 2 shots and don't ever seem to miss. AND they travel in groups most of the time, spawning quiet frequently. Maybe they would be easy to kill with a decent weapon, but finding a gun isn't so simple. You usually find PARTS of weapons scattered through the world that you can craft together, but finding all of the essential parts takes awhile, and even if you complete a weapon, ammo is scarce. Melee weapons are a joke, the exploding bots kill themselves, Hive bots can be easily avoided, and Hunters will destroy you the moment you get within range.Even if poor combat wasn't enough, the world in this game is just so empty. The only place of interest is the giant spire which sometimes (I stress the word SOMETIMES) has good equipment. There aren't any bosses, food isn't a concern, base building is crude and, in the end, pointless, hacking is slow, confusing, and again, pointless. In the end, there just is nothing to do in this game."
,Recommended,312210,16122475,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,AndrejAE,A game with great potential. But there is much work to make a good game.
,Recommended,312210,12440237,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,zxzc77 [Sparky],Very chalanging and pretty fun with friends. It needs to update more though.
76561198080695661,Not Recommended,312210,14843650,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,WBDemolisher,see i bought this with a friend......thinking it was gonna be really cool and fun..but no.. the machines can sometimes be really overpowered and when its open world to anyone they all just ♥♥♥♥ing hack. its fun for maybe a week or so when you get all the harvesters doing what you want and you built your fortifications. overall i kinda regret getting this game thinking it was gonna be fun. and even with a co op player with you its not even that fun. and there havent been any updates AT ALL. this game does have potential but now i do no recommend it
,Not Recommended,312210,15082520,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Kovich,"I hesitate to even call this a game - it seems more like a way for the 'developer' (there's only one person working on this game, by the way) to make a quick buck and run. Updates are few and VERY far between. Many of the in-game elements look like they're from the UNITY store. You can get about 30 minutes of enjoyment out of this game and then you've pretty much reached the end. It seems like the concepts behind the game have potential but the execution is... well, non-existent. Beware."
,Recommended,312210,25330778,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,JokersWild,"Okay, so I am not an angry 10 year old throwing a fit because developers do not move as fast as they expect, so I will write a real review.  I have not played this in a while and have not yet checked out the new patch..so I will base it on prior releases.Crashes...wait...I didn't have any...my PC doesn't suck and I didn't get a low end one from Walmart, so it could handle the game fairly well.  Performance could be better, but as with most early access games/small developing companies..they focus on getting content first then bugs (but they seem to balance things out).Game play was fine, it wasn't glitchy or anything for me.If anything, it seemed a little empty still..BUT as stated in title it is early access and I believe was actually geared more towards multiplayer (which I generally only play solo because I hate playing with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that whine all the time (nothing like the people that do the negative reviews on most of these games...)).The game is early acecss.  Expect bugs, empty worlds, issues, etc.  If you don't like these things, DON'T BUY EARLY!!Early purchase is nice for people like me whom like to be a part of the developement.  I have several Early Access games and almost each one has implemented at least one of my ideas that I turned in...so I am extremely happy because #1 they listened and paid attention and #2 that was MY idea!!  Flooding somebody with negativity encourages abandonment.  I like this game and concept and I would like to see the completed project.  I'd rather then take their time and do things right instead of just slapping things together because of some reject complaining."
76561198056973803,Not Recommended,312210,23713057,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,macgabhann74,at first I thought this was going to be a good game however it seems the Dev has abandonted the project disapered off the face of the earth .. dead i dont know eatherway it is aperent that this game will never be finished and the AI is rather buggy at best my suggestion would be save your money as this game aperently is not nonger being developed.
76561198123423728,Not Recommended,312210,21285044,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Smudz,When the game starts up with me the hole system freezes and have to force quit. i would not recomend this game for mac or anything. And its been in alpha for 2 years now and I have only seen 2 updates! Im starting to think the dev just gave up on the game because i havent seen an update in 1 year.
,Recommended,312210,13920860,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,[TSF] Mason (lynnette),"a TLDR summery of the game=+medium replay-ability-medium replay-ability+building is very diverse, even with what it has for just right now.-hard to free build a wall when to close to another wall or it will SNAP into possition to make it line up.+when finding a very very rare weapon. you will always screem.-the ammo is hard to find too+the overall map layout (in the alpha stage) is pretty well done. it is very diverse and large enough for multi-payer.-not many places that are flat enough to build on+enemy AI will always keep you on your toes, even when there are only 3 kinds of enemy. and 1 of which is only located near certain locations.-if not equiped right or have enough ammo. then taking down the targets will be hard... specially when: the lower your health the slower you become in standard and sprint.+when you scavenge enough and have 3+ (4 total) .. i call them Harvesters. to farm wood, concreat, or iron for you to build bases.-you need building books from scavenging to build.+the ammount of items are perfect for what it has so far. weapons, ammo, and building supplies are all currently fine.-hard to find some building items or ammo for weapons. in turn its ether hard to build that Auto-Turret or to feed that 40mm nade launcher.+VERY VERY few to little bugs. and the ones that do effect dont do it in a way that will make you rage quit.-bugs.=but... thats survival. and pretty accurate too. sorta.id recomend it. so far...ill give it a ... 8/10. it has a bit to go. even when it feels like an beta. it can do ALOT more."
,Not Recommended,312210,24872574,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Nigel,ABSOLUTE PICE OF TRASH NEVER WASTE UR MONEY ON THIS GAME
76561197970860897,Recommended,312210,11458465,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Custer701,"Kind of an interesting idea that with the right work could be as good as any AAA title...The graphics are well done and lend a suitably post apocalyptic air to the precedings. The enemy bots are tough...I shot one 4 or 5 times and heard the rounds bounce off! The music is unusual, Which in my opinion is a good thing.  All in all,  I'd say definitely try this out and help this Guy finish it!  It's gonna' be good I'm betting!"
,Recommended,312210,13889361,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Geek,Love this game so much and the idea of ships Haresting for you NEEDS CARS THOUGH!
76561198061545052,Recommended,312210,25352415,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,oskarss871,"So.What to begin with.I like the idea of the game, kind of different from many others in my opinion. As the product is still in developement it has some bugs and stuff, but to be honest, many games these days have more bugs and glitches and they sell them as finnished product, so I would not complain about that.I realy like this game. And I realy wonna se the end product.At the end it realy depends on consumers... This game is bit challanging, not for those who gives up easly..."
76561198160351800,Recommended,312210,13797672,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Vadder,A awesome First person shooter with a mix of survival. It makes you feel tense whoever you are
76561198094665607,Not Recommended,312210,23036175,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mr. Clean,absolute trash
,Recommended,312210,12609438,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Eleiyas,"In this review I will not mention bugs / graphical errors and such things - it is to be expected!-- So far I am loving this game; I may have only played an hour or two so far, but I can definitely see I am going to start ranking up the hours very soon.- Unlike most other survival games out there, you don't really rely on the luck of finding certain ressources (notably food or drink) to survive - mostly because you play an AI who doesn't need food or drink; this is one part I definitely like about this game. You mostly rely on your wits and reflexes to stay alive, which makes this game satisfyingly tense.- Graphics are gorgeous- Tutorial is pretty deep, although I would like it to have explained harvesting a bit better- The UI takes a bit of getting used to, but it's pretty simple once you get the hang of it- Hacking is a part that makes this game unique and I just love it :D-All-in-all, I would seriously recommend getting this game and I cannot wait to see how it develops ^^"
,Not Recommended,312210,13113252,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kluft #47,"needs more work, untill then drop the price, absurd price, could've bought a full ready game with this cash..."
,Not Recommended,312210,21112441,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Lukhje,"Even if the dev crew would start updating the game soon I would actually still recommend you to avoid buying this game till that it reaches a later stage in it's development. The reason? Well, the game may deliver a new fun game style, meaning that you are a machine that need more power to be able to, for example, jump higher. That perhaps doesn't sound very exciting however I think that this game can be worth putting a few hours in to IN A LATER STAGE OF DEVELOPMENT. At the moment the game is lacking content and I would dare say that I would have discovered the most you can do and been able to do it in the 11 hours I put in to it.. But really, wait with buying the game till that there have been a few proper updates and perhaps then I will change my review"
76561197977917534,Not Recommended,312210,23715057,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Louist,Don't Bother.
,Recommended,312210,19718316,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Y23Y,"For someone to like playing this game, they would have to try to learn certain things themselves, which takes time. For me, I got this game 4 months after it came out. Its still been in Early Access yes, but it is insanely fun. For graphics like this to be from the unity engine, absolutely amazing. I haven't played for about several months, when I got back on, I was surprised with the trees. Then there were the new weapons, I have the highest grade weapon right now, and I still haven't found all the parts to it yet. I'm excited for more updates to come out. I'm even more excited for the full game to come out, which won't be for a long time, but I will support this game to the end of it."
76561198089365043,Recommended,312210,12960496,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Zephiiroz,"Love this game. Much potential as long as the dev's keep up on it. The only issue's I have encountered are that some items spawn inside the ground, so you can't loot them. Plus every now and then the harvesters bug out and won't collect. Other than that it's a great game. The tutorial doesnt give much, but hey it still helps a tad."
,Recommended,312210,12881211,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,CupidStunt,"Great game, i have had great fun so far, the only thing i would say that needed improveing right away is you dont allways feel compeled to do something on your own, its great with friends because you can allways have fun with them but once you play on your own the game starts to lose apeal unfortunatly.One way you could fix this is by simpleling adding tasks or something that could reward you with skill points, through npcs into the game or something, love the new update"
,Not Recommended,312210,30353264,Posted: 6 March,all,Trissy,it looked cool but then it wasn't
,Recommended,312210,17035903,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,chaosassasin1,"when i first got this game it was to put simply unplayable, the bots were overpowered,crafting was atrocious and the game had little to no point. since then SOME things have changed some haven't : the annoying O.P. bots are still there albiet with shortened range and crafting bases still eludes me entirelly BUT things are looking up and i have gone from hating the game with all my heart to actually finding it slightly enjoyable. if you are thinking of getting this game wait for a while until it hits the point where everything is balanced out then purchace it during a sale.  overall i give it a 5/10 for current playability but a 8/10 for potential"
,Recommended,312210,12269287,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,i love the fact that im a robot on there but it would be legendary if you guis have adaptability of controllers
76561198078252666,Not Recommended,312210,15313412,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,AKSIALIS,"what the hell with this game??? return my money back!!! the game was good enough and i thought that it will be only better...... for example: new robots , new weapons , new kind of harvester maeby...... but it changed everything and it became uncomfortable  and exactly unposibly to play it without bad language!!!!!!!!! this stupid system of craft is useless ,  not clear, obscure and only a waste of time with out any pleasere!!!!!!! new models of hack tool is worse and a new interface is much more terrible than old one((((((also it still crisis situation with items but it only getting worse((((( i was realy hopping on this game. but my hope is die with a future of the fifth day"
,Recommended,312210,25230063,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,TeleportToAction,"If you like survival games then this is the game for you. This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ I dont know how to explain it better... It manages to combine the survival open world type of games with a hacking systen, thats right, hacking! This game allows you to hack into some of the enemies/robots you encounter on your journey. Unfortunately not many people play this game but still singleplayer is fun. I would reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys open world survival. 10/10"
,Recommended,312210,11538236,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Mr.Batman,it is the best early access game
,Recommended,312210,11492812,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,bhotz,"So far, I've enjoyed what The Fifth Day has to offer. It offers a new setting for a survival game, in a futuristic setting. Zomies are replaced with several types of ruthless machines who make survival in this game much easier said than done. Considering the game is only in 0.01 Alpha, it has a bright future and if the deveoper continues to work on the game, it can really become a powerhouse game in the genre. Right now, bugs are plentiful and there isn't a huge variety of items or structures. But if you can look beyond the surface and see a game that, at its core, is very original and enthralling, you'll have no qualms about dishing out the 15$. You won't regret supporting a developer with an exellent concept. The Fifth Day is splendid.Also, please message me if you know how to build. I haven't been able to find the resources to actually build what blueprints are in the Survival Books you pick up"
,Not Recommended,312210,23591036,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,OhYoStichy,WTF is this game they dont even updat any more
76561198165494286,Recommended,312210,18193479,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,vanlikon2014,i really like this game alot. although i think a map that generates as u travel and a way to mark places would b an amazimg addition
,Not Recommended,312210,15210077,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Dr. Mantis_0_o,Garbage.
76561198196527735,Not Recommended,312210,20763184,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Strawbs,dont waste your money i got on for five minutes and im getting a refund
,Recommended,312210,12129859,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,DoctorBilbo,"i like seeing this open world type survival crafting games with no zombies in it, its just hard to find this types of games nowadays, but here it is! and although this game is nowhere near finishing, i love it, so keep up the good work touz!Edit:It is now June 28th, 2017. I have not played this game since it's early stages but the sole fact of seeing so many people hate on it seems unfair.The game was good back when it came out, sure, it was unstable and there weren't many things in it, but it didn't disappoint. I have had many laughs with a friend while trying to understand it's concept, and once we did, it only became better.If @touz has improved anything even the slightest bit, I'd absolutely recommend buying it, you just need to have the right people besides you when you play it."
,Recommended,312210,12160071,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,THE-KILL502,this game need to have more info about the game like hit or something like that.
,Not Recommended,312210,23280063,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,oxi.,A pile of steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy. Near impossible to play. Extremly hard for new players. STAY AWAY!
76561198105318465,Not Recommended,312210,15526249,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Anus Georg,I did not like this game.i played for 3 hours offline and never found a gun or parts or what you need for a gun.i found a baseball bat once but while i was hiding a robot spawned infront of me and killed meoverall 3/10
76561198135546385,Recommended,312210,19058996,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Space Guy,"(NOTE: This review was made on an IPad. If it looks funky, that's why.)So, for those of you who want a quick answer, yes, get this game. You will (most likely) not regret it.Now for the more detailed analysis; this game, in its current state, is pretty dang fun. I've fiddled around with all the games major selling points and am pretty satisfied. For example, most survival games have guns that are pre-made and can't be modified aside from, for example, throwing a scope or silencer on it. TFD features weapons that can be modified and upgraded using gun parts you loot from the world. This makes acquiring a weapon pretty hard early on (though you can occasionally find an assembled weapon), but it also opens up many possibilities for your arsenal. Don't like the slide on your pistol? Simply switch it out with another, possibly better, slide. Want to decrease the weight of your weapon? Switch out the handle, shave off a little extra weight. And there's plenty more you can do with this, believe me. There is also a base construction system in place. It can be a little finicky at times, but all over all it's pretty easy to build yourself a structure, granted you get the resources to build it out of. Speaking of which, there is a hacking mechanic involved. I say this now because scattered around the map are harvesters that can be hacked to collect resources for you. Despite what other reviews are saying, it's incredibly easy to hack something. There is a bit of a command prompt, but all you need to do to hack a machine is to type in two commands; one right after the other. That's it. You can hack anything that moves (aside from players, of course). The enemies are particularly hard to deal with, but running away from them is a pretty easy thing to do until you have a gun and ammo. And looting, despite what people are saying, is relatively smooth. Not Rust smooth, mind you, but satisfactory none the less. The community is very small and the wiki is REALLY out of date, so you're going to be learning most of how to do things on your own. And the developers have not abandoned this game, they just released a bug-fix update not too long ago.All over all, TFD is pretty worth the money. Yes, you're going to run into a bug or two; it's an alpha, it's going to do that. This is a hard game. My advice, save often and keep going. For those who enjoy a challenge, this should provide what you seek.And the all-important rating: (drumroll) 9/10Thanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,312210,20125390,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mortem,Is this a joke? Is this a social experiemnt? I dont ♥♥♥♥ing know.. I dont know if this is a game or a test of some kind.. I just dont know.
76561198073388338,Not Recommended,312210,14291071,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,nickbozz12,boring and pointless
76561198016828227,Not Recommended,312210,16445073,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Slimwaffle,Lacks a player base. Game itself it meh. 4/10
76561198058040802,Recommended,312210,20119720,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Northrop-Grumman,"I've always wanted a game where you played as a humanoid robot doing crazy sh*t like sprinting down a ruined city street while getting shot at by terminators then leaping majestically over a 2-story building to escape. And this is that game. That said, don't expect said terminators to miss."
,Not Recommended,312210,21929785,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Klorix,"I can't play freeplay, if i try the game crash. Please, fix it!"
,Not Recommended,312210,14293095,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,VexedCoconut,"The most fun i had in this game was in the tutorial, got very boring after about 20 minutes in actual survival"
,Not Recommended,312210,17227722,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,that book scene from IT,cool i can see this game getting to be good.  interesting concept but was just very too open and boring.   made me kinda wish i didnt buy it. sorry game makers but it was just not good.
,Recommended,312210,13937881,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MIX_11B,this game needs alot of work
76561198014225925,Not Recommended,312210,13839165,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Amphetimind,"well baddies aRe way OP, takes way too much materials to make anything, and if one robot finds you you get swarmed. The in game axe does not chop wood.............really...........yep.the only way to get materials is to use a harvester as far as i found. I would not recommend this game yet. But im hopeful for the future, great ideas, hopefully they start moving ."
76561198053653296,Not Recommended,312210,14810242,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Tugger,was really interested in this. the sci fi feel was needed in surivival games but then the dev or devs decided to stop working on it. game has around 2-3 hours gameplay beofre you done everything and the multiplayer is just pointless. dont get this game uness you can see they are obvious doing work on it again and even then wait and see how it turns out. DONT rush into early access games. its a money making scam
,Recommended,312210,11943450,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Mineter4gret,Not What I expected....2/5 i was planning on getting goat simulator but....I JUST Thought this game was better....
76561197967092659,Recommended,312210,18376339,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Munkeylord,"Can't really say wether or not this is worth a purchase. Considering the state it is in (pre alpha, and i haven't tried the updated whatnot of whatever this game is now) if this gameplay suits your tastes, it couldn't hurt to keep an eye on it. potentially it might develop into something considerable. I however didn't have a problem with the game when i played and it was enjoyable for what it was."
,Not Recommended,312210,20776971,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,FiF_Bushi,It is so hard to get anywere when you have the♥♥♥♥♥♥heads chasing you and you have♥♥♥♥♥♥all. You will never know what to do I know I dont. Its not fun there is a tutrorials but does not tell me anything really helpfull. and its just not fun.
,Recommended,312210,11855975,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,awsome301,"I love the game BUT. The hacking is hard to do becasue there isn't enough intructions to do it. (I had to look it up to figure it out). When you get hit by the hunters, and others. Your shields go down and its hard to find a repair station. Plus when you kill the hunters they dont drop any loot. I think they should drop ammo and gun parts (Also add some broken ones too). Third I find it hard for this game not to have a respawn buttion instead of having to go back to the lobby every time. Fourth and not least. I have a good PC but when the drones come out of that hive thing if I watch it for a bit there will be over 100 0f them. and it lags my PC when I look at it. also add somthing like take metal to repair shields and stuff.Mever the less this game has a bright future I will be palying and will learn more to help out by reporting bugs Esc. Cant wait and see what will be in more updates. have a nice night guys."
,Recommended,312210,17196028,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Pestilence,past the lag it is a good game that is reminsent of don't starve
,Not Recommended,312210,17450334,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,YoungBoy,the tralier was good but the game was a waste of money i thought it was gonna be good but i was warong in many ways
,Not Recommended,312210,17529007,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Kylie Jenner,dont get it
76561198131512062,Recommended,312210,11452931,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Spridic,The Robots are waaaaay too OP
,Not Recommended,312210,28302000,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DoubleDipin,good concept. but you cant find anyone. you cant find any loot. its overly complicated. robots will ♥♥♥♥ you. and you just walk for 2 hours to find♥♥♥♥♥♥parts and loot you cant use or dont know how to and when you actually get a gun working you get rekt by robots. not once have I ever found a person
76561198072015144,Not Recommended,312210,13318370,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,moist pillow,"It's an absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥storm. Needs a lot of work, it shouldn't be released yet in my opinion. I will say it has a good concept to it, but it needs more development to become good. Right now its limited in what you can do. Lot's of potential in this game. ATM i don't recommend it. Maybe with more development it will become good."
,Recommended,312210,15343880,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Daniel,I like this game its fun but like there is only 3 people playing the game incuding me it usedto be like a million i dont know what happend but anyways i wish there was more loot spawns
,Recommended,312210,16084381,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,MadParramedicMCste,lots of potential just needs time
,Recommended,312210,16374663,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Wele1060,Pretty fun game. Got boring once I found out you could dupe items in multiplayer. Only a few people are ever on. Still decent for a few bucks.
76561198181055651,Not Recommended,312210,14750163,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,0fin0,If your on a terribly♥♥♥♥♥♥comouter like a mac then do not download this game. It lags and it ♥♥♥♥s up your computer. Thats £10.99 down the drain. Great game you ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198151845647,Not Recommended,312210,14815545,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Dwarf1050,"This is a terrible game that the devs deserted, DON'T BUY IT. I did, now I suffer the consequences."
,Recommended,312210,13888946,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,[FUX] | David Wyd,good game
76561197995918203,Recommended,312210,13860760,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Space Invader,"This is a survivial game set in a post apocalyptic setting where humanity has been wiped-out by machines.  You are an android and you must avoid or fight the robots that you encounter.Although you do not require food or water to survivel (you're a machine) - you will need weapons, ammo and supplies.There is an impressive home/base building system in this game.  You can build small shelters to massive installations (building system is similar to Rust).  The gathering of the building supplies is unique.  Instead of ""you"" spending time collecting wood, concrete, metal, etc - you find and program flying machines called ""Harvesters"" to do this for you.The enemy in this game are robots  that seek your destruction.  they come in a few different varieties.  One is a walking bomb.  Another is a flying swarm.  The other is essentially ""Terminator"".You spend a lot  of your time exploring and searching through the ruined buildings for useful stuff - and you have to really manage your weight/energy supply in this game.  The more loot you carry - the more energy you use to move.  If you run out of energy - you must wait for your supply to recharge.  this becomes a problem if there are robots coming after you.  The enemies are a real threat - you can be one-shotted by them.The most impressive part of this game is the structures you can build.  The downsize is that other than gun turrets and a power station - they are largely empty and only serve as protection against bots or other players (if play multi-player).  There really is no decorations or furniture - again you're a machine.Overall in the short time I have played it - i like what I saw.  I think this game has potential.  The map is decent size but not massive.  I could not see multi-player supporting more than 3-4 players on a server."
,Recommended,312210,11593812,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Cyber_Entity,This game is one of the most stable Early Access games I have played in a while. I love the new turn to survival that doesn't involve zombies. The only thing I can say is watch to see how the Dev acts upon his development of this game and if he sticks to it I would really recommend this game.
76561198199401702,Not Recommended,312210,18065698,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,freakshow,"bad overpriced game do not buy, poor graphics, small amount of things to do, bots to spread out exept in city where they swarm, bad healing system , hard to find actualy usefull iteams, bots silent until your dead not too good of a multiplayer even though thats the main focus f the game. The single player portion of the game is just horible."
,Recommended,312210,17582824,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Fb||Makuzi,Interesting survival game. Looks similar to other survival games but I like this one. Chat needs to be worked on.
76561198062269113,Not Recommended,312210,14270491,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ModerateToSeverePlaquePsoriasis,Where did the developer go. It's been a long while.
76561198142790065,Not Recommended,312210,13925284,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mr Green,not a good game
76561198011502457,Not Recommended,312210,13576505,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,v48e12 (Insane by culture),needs a lot of work it now only looks like a bad map for a unreal engine game instead of a gamebeen the map round and seen evreything i the game within 3 hoursand harvesters can kill you instead of work for youits a sad piece of games seeing howmany good games like 7 days to die are on the market and then they come as a late comer and make a bad productand it feels like a cash grab put a beta on the market and never give out any updates or suportim waiting months now for any news from the company but it is probly dead grabbed the money they got and ran
,Recommended,312210,15499563,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,lauxchase,still needs work but is great so far
,Recommended,312210,15499636,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Sibire The Óglach,"So, game's in pre-alpha. Dev team is one man. Updates are every now and then, and currently, there's not too much to do. That's my honest statement about what we have so far.But like I said, pre-alpha.The fact that one guy's been able to pull off what's already here? That's impressive in its own right. But the setting for The Fifth Day, the combination of survival/crafting we see in Rust, with a technological, sci-fi twist on how the world operates? This game has potential, and it shows.Even if it's lacking more than one map over and over at the moment, this game draws me back in day after day, after day. So be skeptical if you wish, but I regret nothing.Keep it up, Touz!"
76561198045935900,Recommended,312210,15210379,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,EGC | Marvin533,"To be honest, at this state I cannot really recommend this game, but Im still giving it a thumbs up because I really like the concept. I just really hope this eventualy becomes a great game so that my money doesn't go to waste."
76561198022036580,Recommended,312210,15473510,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Spooky UnclePhil,good but really hard... THATS WHAT SHE SAID!
76561198139547912,Recommended,312210,15501877,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,pwnageoni,"Like good clay.  This artist currently has an amazing start on an amazing game, but will need our help and support and, most importantly, our input to take this game from its current form to the masterpiece it will some day be.  I highly recommend this game, not because of what it is, but because of what it will eventually be."
76561198091103208,Not Recommended,312210,14441810,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,1B-15-FirelFox,I have to say that this game needs work.Its Really Boring  to tell yeah the truth all  you do wounder around find items hope you remember the keys n everthing n kill op robots XD
76561198055913548,Not Recommended,312210,14586439,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,BadArseMonkey,Love the concept. Right now it isn't fun. Review subject to change if/when the game gets better.
,Recommended,312210,28637471,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,][-][2K Renzo,"Fifth day is a great concept and new take on survival genre. yes it has been in EA for a long time, its a very small team and the updates are few and far between. so if you dont like EA or waiting then dont buy... yet. i enjoy seeing games being built so even after... ive forgotten how long ive had this game.. there are still updates, new things to do and see.development is definately not dead, just slow."
76561198067904080,Recommended,312210,24173476,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Waffen SS Ball,"Its a fun game, however there are few servers."
76561198120948024,Recommended,312210,19607672,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,[NCE] ThePandaMan,"It is a very good game, however, recently there has been VERY few people playing online. This means that multiplayer is unplayable, and that greatly diminishes the fun factor i would say buy it and if you want to play multiplayer get some friends or even maybe start a community on steam for players of The Fifth Day. Rate 7.5/10. ALSO~~ This game is STILL IN DEVELOPMENT, so it is going to get better in all likelihood. ALSO~~ if u start a steam community , contact me"
76561198083824221,Recommended,312210,13708255,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Aurorannight,Its a good game and while a bit buggy I understand it is still in early access. Gameplay is decent but basic at the moment. The idea of surviving as a robot was a brilliant one by the developer and allows this game to set itself apart from other survival games out there. There is a alot of room for improvement so this game is one to keep an eye on. However if you don't like early access games than this one isn't for you.
76561197967918496,Not Recommended,312210,18123513,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ӇƛƝƝƖƁƛԼ,Devs pretty much have given up on this game. Another failed early access and reason never to buy another
76561198077978685,Recommended,312210,15669894,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Rigby Ichor,"much good. such development...anyway i love the building will seem to be a promise in the future and as for crafting, very good. i only find very few games you can craft your own weapons and survive instead of picking up what you find or selecting from a loadout. will be worth my time and money, slightly now but yes in the future. it should yours too"
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,312210,29932110,Posted: 14 February,all,Dustin,"The intro warning about this game being Alpha should be a good indication to stay the f*ck away.I don't know what the f*ck this game is trying to be, but there's no instructions, no tutorials, just throw you in a random place with gameplay and ripped off sounds from Arma II (DayZ).If you go down in a hole-like base, you can't get out.Wow what an unfinished game.DON'T SPEND ANY MONEY ON IT!1/10"
,Not Recommended,312210,13321355,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,-=312th=- mayko_88,"Very dissapointing, but it it has promise...somewhere. I kno there is only one creator/dev and thats the problem. This is simply too big a project for one person and it shows. Not only are you dropped into the game with no knowldege on what to do, but you are overmatch, outgunned, and simply over whelmed by the world. 30 minutes in you migh have collected a few things and maybe even figured out how to craft♥♥♥♥♥♥ but then your dropped by a bullet from out of nowhere and your left to start over. And each time you do there is no drive behind it. This isn't fallout or far cry where trial and error are retty much rewarded (either with achievements, exp/$, or just your own reponsiveness to the game itself). This is a Bear Grylls see you later in the wilderness type♥♥♥♥♥♥ cept its boring, the environment lackluster, with typical sound fx and NO MUSIC. Yeah...no music makes a dull open world even more boring.Honestly wait to see what it becomes through dev video or fan devotion, otherwise spend your $ on something else."
76561198120787139,Not Recommended,312210,11954418,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Infinite,"In this current state I will say no. There is potential in this game but right now, its just boring to play. It may be good later on but right now don't bother getting it."
,Not Recommended,312210,15111065,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ChiefOfWar,"Potential is there.. but aslong as these Robots are oneshot kill, walk through walls like there are none its not playable.Visit again in 3Months and we will see.."
76561197973567613,Not Recommended,312210,15251738,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,GraemeReaper,"After reading the reviews(mostly bad) I decided that the newer reviews were better, it looked good and the concept has real potential. However, After playing it for 2.5 hours with no discernable weapon except a baseball bat which was as much use as a wet kipper I got killed again! I know it's in beta testing but the game pace is glacial and at least in other games of this genre you at least start with a set of useable hands to make stuff! The video makes it look much better than it is, NOT AS DESCRIBED! I want my money back!In one word......  Deplorable!"
,Recommended,312210,18208839,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ViaLunarMiku,"Don't judge it to hard it is a early access game and i belive when its fully finished its going to be alot better,This game has a lot of fetures such as hacking and crafting, You should buy it and give them support on their game this game is amazing!"
76561198084101598,Not Recommended,312210,13608565,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,(RGW) Apparition,I strongly recommend that no one buys this game. It's buggy as hell and is not worth the money. Not to mention the fact that it has not been updates in a while. Please no one waste your money on this game.
76561198087504975,Not Recommended,312210,14844943,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,hezz,"No No No No, if u gonna spend some money on this, better give it to an beggar on the street."
,Not Recommended,312210,15934958,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,CaptainXanie,I WANT A REFUND...really how do i get my money back.
,Not Recommended,312210,14994917,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Patriot Derpy: Muffin Eater,Slow updates and no way to know how to do things in game like finding and hacking the collector drone.
76561198055533326,Recommended,312210,13818827,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,F3ar m3,This is a great and clever game. It has some issues with bugs and detail i know but i would give it 7 out of 10. Multi-player is hard to do because not many people have the game yet and alot of russians also play it. Warning for people who want to get the game. the world doesn't go on for ever. The game has good potential in the future but if your a multi-player lover you should wait a bit longer other wise it is a pretty good game.The people who made the game should add:-More types of turets-more types of enemys-the world should be larger-capability of hacking the enemy robots
,Not Recommended,312210,21915898,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Dank Goat Memes,"STAY THE ♥♥♥♥ AWAYlisten to the reviews that say this game is crap because it really is crap not only is this game crap but it is AIDS and the worst part is that the dev had a great idea and ruined it with... this. i got this game 10/30/14 and it was aids then and it is aids now. DO NOT BUY. STAY AWAY. i cant remember how much it was as i bought it almost a year and a half ago because it looked cool but someone said it is $14.99 and im going to get my money back as soon as i am done typing this. but to make sure i got the point across, THIS GAMES IS AIDS. have a nice day."
76561198194965874,Not Recommended,312210,25038497,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Dr. Evil,very confusing and LAGGYeven if i turn down the graphics
,Recommended,312210,24178408,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TJ,Its a bit buggy and has a few things i want to be fixed but... this game is in very early stage and has potential. I have high hopes for it.
76561198115647488,Not Recommended,312210,20316556,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Jefayette,where do i get a refund?
,Recommended,312210,22092087,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,я - отходы материи,"I want to say before this that i only reccomend the game to those who are willing to look past its unfinished state and are fine with slow very spaced out updates, now that thats out of the way, this game is a good combination of survival with compleate and utter hardcoredness. though finding games in multiplayer is hard, if you have a few friends, you can all get topgether and survive the wastes in huge groups. (watch out for terminators, they are OP)"
76561198141364564,Recommended,312210,32578871,Posted: 19 June,all,NoodleHead,This game was really bad in development. But now it look way better and might consider to buy it again.
,Not Recommended,312210,23683903,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Annexys,I reviewed this game a little over a year ago and my viewpoint on it has not changed for the better.Cons: EverythingPros:
,Not Recommended,312210,14376290,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,BiosElement,Currently abandoned by the developer. :/ Four months since the last patch.
76561198057969519,Not Recommended,312210,20847639,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Sourcephalus,"Not bad so far but they expect you to have a gun very early on, which is almost impossible to do."
,Recommended,312210,18430692,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,SurrealShot,This game is actualy cool but a bit empty
76561198038994337,Not Recommended,312210,21068838,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Harvista,"A very disapointing game overall it was a cool concept at first, but lack of multiplayer (litterally the first time i ever got any multiplayer was when playing with my two friends) I wish this game would do better."
,Not Recommended,312210,14871148,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,[Anna]Riff Raff,"To be honest I dont really know what im playing there isnt a story finding things is hard and not needed, and there is no real objective.....im really confused."
,Recommended,312210,11449791,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,// SinQ |New Sens|,"The INGAME hacking system is pretty hard to use due to not knowing what to type, example: Type the directory you wish to select, There are no directories to chose from and no way of finding out unless you search online for someone who has fluked it. That could be adjusted then that would be a start. Also, this game is pretty hardcore, its not easy to play, you dont start with anything and your energy is low + if you run out of energy you freeze on the spot so it's GG from that point on"
76561198117306416,Recommended,312210,15149619,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sum Ting Wong,"well this game is not for the people who are impatientpros-simple game-simple crafting system-simple building-you dont mine u hack stuff so they do it for you(slavery)-not any survival game-YOUR A ROBOTcons-bunch of people whining ""dead game"" even thought they dont understand its a one man dev team-a little repetitive-small map-------------------------------so i suggest buy it8 robots out of 10 robots"
76561198063447445,Not Recommended,312210,15078652,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,madhader,still dose not work on mac...at all.
,Not Recommended,312210,19086777,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Krux,"Very very very little development in the amount of time this game has been out.Maybe their development team consists of 3 people, and this is just their part time job. Who knows."
76561198310203182,Not Recommended,312210,23651298,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Nipple Dick,So yea i bought this game excited to play it payed 14.99 pretty cheap for a game with its size too To be honest but there was one problem there was a glitch in the game where i couldnt even shoot like how is that fun running around and seeing enimies and not being able to shoot them this
,Recommended,312210,11459106,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Magenta_Walrus,This game is amazing. I would love to see it advance farther. it would be amazing to have this expand and become one huge wasteland with a story and plot
,Not Recommended,312210,17005628,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,LostInYourSauce,"WTF? my game was practically unplayable because lag it only worked because I lowered the settings. I thought my computer was to old and didnt meet up to the requirements but when the requirements are windows xp and os 10.6 and it pplays like♥♥♥♥♥♥on windows 7, you know the games bad. plus the gameplay, if you dont have power your slower than a sloth  and turtle combianed, and there is nothing to do, enimies kill you in one shot, its a chore to try and loot places and the world is moslty empty. DONT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,312210,14457822,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,[FF] Malgren,Very nice game play and the developers contaced me when i had a problem so really great service
76561198046365802,Not Recommended,312210,15784216,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Mysterious Penguin Revolution,"Got bored in an hour and decided to make this.....THEN SLAM MY FACE ON MY KEYBOARD   L:""N BGCFXdu yugtj hkkv frxrcoi;j mdbin l.v"
76561197995963282,Recommended,312210,18263454,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Dzznuts,Game is not all that bad  But would  be nice to atleast be able to do something with out gettin shot by some robot that never leaves  no matter where you go what do ya know another ♥♥♥♥in robot that i cant kill bc no ♥♥♥♥in weapon other then that great game work on it more just drop 15 bucks on it and no1 is playing
,Recommended,312210,13631685,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Parade,yes
76561198100792270,Recommended,312210,15550222,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,TheSurvivor001,Yeah I give props to the ONE GUY who is making this... However I have a brand new mac book pro and honestly me not being able to laungh a single player game isn't really why I got this game. I played a few hours and I do honestly like it! But please I mean put that extra hour into this everyday and in the long run you will se a difference! Recomended tho! But PLZZZ fix this issue
,Not Recommended,312210,16180786,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Herzer1234,I know this is still in testing but there are ALOT of flaws. First off. your dead in 2 shots no matter what your doing. Hacking the robots that are shooting you are impossable. The harvester NEVER listens to you other than the Activate and deactivate and it clumsily moves around knocking into trees and does god knows what with my supplies its SUPPOSED to be dropping at my feet. The last thing i have an issue with is that the sssssssssssnnnnnnnnnnnnnaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilllllllllllllllllll ssssssssppppppppppppppeeeeeeeeeedddddddd at which you walk after being shot one time (taking you to 16% hp) AND its impossable to reach  a repair station 100 yards away within 3 days( exaggerating by about 1 day.) No kidding. to go 100 yards your LITERALLY moving 5 feet a minute.On the good note though the crafting is pretty cool. i like the thought of the harvester but there has GOT to be an alternative way to gather basic resources other than finding it in boxes...The weapon modifications are cool like trying to decided wether sacrificing iron sights for a mounted flashlight  or vice versa. I practically made an AK74u(forester parts basically) but couldnt find any ammo for it.Other that that im this close (|..|) to asking for a refund.
,Not Recommended,312210,19323305,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Knight Artorias,"you cant do anything they show in the trailer, and if you try to fight something it will not die and will instantly kill you"
76561198055547860,Recommended,312210,26082798,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,moffee,"Not a bad early release game, has potential.few clipping bugs atm which will get sorted sometime.charging capicitors is bugging me as i cant weem to charge them, put the caps in, put the nuclear pack in, hit the button and nothing.I have had fun levelling by shooting the mini terminators.each time you level;, save and quit to menu, hit skill and pit point into whatever you want.max 5 points in each. experiment.The map posted online (pic)  has north and south reversed, also east and west are reversed.so if you follow the map and go north you are actually going south and if you are going west, you are actually going east.was confusing till i worked it out."
,Not Recommended,312210,22111616,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,The Mighty Dong,This is actually the worst game I've ever played. Like its not even worthy of being called a game.
76561198080854980,Recommended,312210,15284356,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,blastoise,very good game play for early access
76561197970649398,Not Recommended,312210,12915254,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,jamespapas,"I only have played for an hour or so, but this is really an empty feeling world. Walking around, finding little stuff and then a robot chased me. I could not even damage it with a .223 rifle. Seems silly to have something like that for sale. This is not a game. it is at best a glimps of something, maybe later. Thank goodness it was only a 15.00 mistake. Maybe it will be good in the future. Some drones came after me and the game pretty much was at 2 fames per second. I have a high quality quad core Tripple Channel DDR3 system with a 780 and it runs poorly."
76561198092664157,Recommended,312210,15284401,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Charizard,one of the best games i played.  I love this game.  I recommend this game for every one.
76561198004603549,Not Recommended,312210,33583888,Posted: 16 July,all,LilHamster,I just came back and were gonna give it another try after i left it. Now i thougt maybe they have made it better. But no the game is frikin dead and the NPCs kill you all the time. Why did i ever buy this ####.
,Not Recommended,312210,11620216,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Gary Dozer,"This game is frustrating both in gameplay and development.It's a joke. 3 years in development and it's still unplayable bugged garbage.Just forget about it. Forever.==Old Review, 30.05.2015==I've checked this game after almost a year passed since my initial review.My gosh it's a garbage! Now you have to find 5+ different parts to craft a single weapon to be able to shoot. Melee weapons are useless and pointless. Bots keep spawning on your♥♥♥♥♥while you scavenge. Once you've stopped you're dead. They always know where you are and they kill you with 1-2 shots. If you won't stop then soon you'll be out of energy and will crawl until they run you down and kill you.Loot is now very scarce. Given the fact you have to loot ♥♥♥♥♥on of parts to be even able to craft yourself a weapon it's just awful.So while playing this game you'll be mostly wandering around unarmed sometimes stopping for a couple of minutes doing nothing just so your batteries could recharge.This game is dead. Developer does nothing to improve it. Forget about it.==Old review, 10.08.2014==Good idea, but the game is lacking a goal.Loot is spawning out of thing air in predefined places. So eventually you'll be camping one spot and lazily shooting down spawining mobs. When you'll get 4 computer chips (that is after an hour or so) you'll build a turret and won't even have to shoot anymore.Map is pretty small, but nevertheless there's no point exploring. Graphics is OK. Inventory system is awful, though kinda creative. Big problem is an absence of hotkey toolbar. It's very cumbersome pressing Q or E for 10 times just to equip a weapon."
,Not Recommended,312210,13409767,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,justinlee,do not buy this game
,Not Recommended,312210,14966006,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,MykeY,Its like S_hit. Shi_tty Sh_it that sh_itting the s_hit on top of the s_hit.............  S_hit.
76561197990320072,Recommended,312210,25521851,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Drone,"This game has developed steadily since it's introduction, and has realized a great deal of it's potential as an interesting take on the survival genre, with new twists on the resource management aspect. It has many areas to expand and refine itself before I would call it ""done"", but I can say it's a fun game solo or in a group."
,Not Recommended,312210,16122600,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,James,"Right now, Satan is laughing with delight. I bought this game when it first came out and could not play it. My FPS hit the floor during the tutorial and I was unable to do anything. I deleted it forgot about it until today. I decided to re-install it and test it out. Maybe they optimized it?WRONG!FPS sank like a rock. Even so, I decided to test out the gameplay, which turned out to be eerily similar to Rust.Needless to say, I got a few more minutes out of it before I was fed up with the game content, as well as the lag.The concept is cool, but the game itself is pretty bad. Hey, if any developers want to take the idea and make it better, you have my support. Not financially, of course. Get a job."
,Not Recommended,312210,14920316,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TheCock_of_Justice,"This game in a word sucks. It looked great from the trailer and a few gameplays I saw on Youtube. I can't even get the game to start. It opens the first screen saying that it is an ""in-development alpha"" or whatever. Then it freezes and needs to be forced to quit. The one time it did work I played a few minutes of the tutorial which not only wasn't helpful, but didn't fully explain what it was trying to. Overall I give this game a 1 out of 10 and that's just because the graphics were decent. Otherwise, I'd give it a 0. I'm very aggravated that I paid money for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and the developer isn't even working on the game as far as we know."
76561198137894113,Not Recommended,312210,16196717,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,SaulGoodman,"HAS POTENTIAL, but right now I wouldnt buy it. I would wait until more updates are realeased."
76561198156180810,Recommended,312210,12619754,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Kenny_Juan || Trading,This game is amazing money well spent
,Not Recommended,312210,16871264,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Dclyde,Nope
,Not Recommended,312210,25392456,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,QB3CKX,♥♥♥♥♥tried to build a gun wouldnt fucin work
76561198055631830,Recommended,312210,14642899,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,"""SPARTA""","While this game is in an early stage in its making its entertaining in a hungergame like, robot game. Its an interesting twist to most survival games. Just give it a try if you feel your ready"
76561198147813840,Recommended,312210,18407970,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Sprag,to be honnest i love this game but there are some down sides like not a big world not a lot of different types of enemys i think it needs a lot more stuff added say.. more building equipment and more underground caves with different chanllenges say having to certain items to stay alive say.. because the person is a robot it needs maintanance every so often. But thanks for making this amazing game :)
76561198035657582,Recommended,312210,18424323,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,BearCat459,I wish there was a ~ menu with god mode power stuff like that  where if you want to run around and get use to the game play first you can with out dieing all the time. I understand its is in alpha so you might have a plan for that but thats just my idea. Thanks P.S i love this game but i die all the time in one shot most of the time with in a min of spawning lol. i might just suck at the game but esther way love it lol
,Recommended,312210,16498344,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,california,"People say this game is bad, but it actually isnt. I mean come on give the guy some slack, its only 1 guy. And look at dayZ, it doesnt even get as many updates with their whole team :D maybe im wrong idk but i enjoy the game alotYou just gotta get into it and once you do it is really fun. I do recommend playing with friends. I mean thats what I do and I enjoy it even more :~) keep up the good work matey"
76561198066533682,Not Recommended,312210,16845210,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,FaZe Crompton,cash grab. Simple as that.
,Recommended,312210,28708092,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wot?,"This game has a nice concept, nice idea and it is going in right way, but game gets slow updates but they are big, e.g. after 1 month update comes out but it adds tons of stuff, improvements and bug fixes.I like to play it, it is fun but it can get sometimes borring because you do same thing over and over again, so i recommend get a friend and play it with him, otherwiese i could get borring a bit."
76561198138830144,Recommended,312210,15529607,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,aprima19,so im on a mac and it wont let me go into the game like the menu it will go into but then its just a wind sound
76561198136765917,Not Recommended,312210,22329105,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Slav Agent #1,could someone message me how to get my money back?
,Recommended,312210,23975666,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CoconutC,"-- This is not a good game...... I had my hopes up and i played for the first time and died in 2 sec its, however it is fun to screw around with friends when you dont have enything to do today! i give it a 6/10"
,Not Recommended,312210,11528718,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Microsoft Word,"I can't even jump in the tutorial... I can't exactly say I know where this game is going, or if it has much potential... But I don't reccomend it in it's current state"
76561198057500282,Not Recommended,312210,17327411,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,HdZonex,waste of money and time
76561198065089392,Not Recommended,312210,11813042,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Solemnwind,"I understand that this is an alpha and all so expecting allot is out of the question, but it is rediculous that this game is even charging people to play it or that it is even on steam. I get that every game starts somewhere but this game is so underdeveloped and extremely unbalanced."
,Recommended,312210,29007623,Posted: 4 January,all,Charles Boyle,"The Fifth Day, it's a very nice game and should be stated, It's an Early Access Game so it's still developing.Personally i love Survival games and The Fifth Day doesn't Disapoint if you do too, more so if you've got friends to play it with, it takes someone with patience to play that must be said as when you're new dying is common but like all games, learn and addapt.Positives :Crafting.Scavaging for Parts.Enemy Bots.Good Set down Story.Ever Expanding map.Working MP.Negatives :Challenging to new people.Can get reapetative as it's early access and more is to come.Bots tend to be quite powerful and you need to be ready if you fight them.Crafting not always clear.This is a basic sum up of what i think and i feel that the game has too many bad reviews for no reason, for example i saw one saying its bad as they can't code when you don't ' need ' to know.If more info wanted just PM."
,Not Recommended,312210,11779950,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,RolanDecoy,"For now it seems like just another build-and-fight game like there are so many already. What makes this game stand out though is the fact that you're a robot, amongst other robots. Hacking those (AI) robots and collecting energy will be your primary concern...and other than that I'm affraid there isn't much more to say really...Missing a lot of that surviving element they have been talking so much about, and from what I can read on the forums and news updates they're a lot more focused on implementing multiplayer, which I'm sad to say one of those things that reduces this to just another build-and-fight... The next-generation of FPS that is becoming tiresome..."
,Not Recommended,312210,17509683,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,SpewKs,If you want cancer purchase this game!
76561198046190507,Not Recommended,312210,16751657,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Quwiggibo,IT'S PAP
,Recommended,312210,13485471,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,sergbelous,10/10Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Pls
,Recommended,312210,11584438,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,HuntertheWolf,hello all i love this game and am making training and review and much more videos on this game so if you dont understand something or even need help please come check out my youtube channel athttp://www.youtube.com/user/hunterthewolf524and just comment in the videos and ill try to awnser you issuses seeing im pretty sure the owner is really busy making this game so ya im always here to help
76561198119248827,Not Recommended,312210,18360751,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Wickedninjaz,10/10 just like dayz standalone
76561197982808664,Not Recommended,312210,18633542,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Spawless,Runs like crap on lowest of settings and I have a nice setup... Please stay away.
76561198060423127,Not Recommended,312210,14669463,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Frankie,Wasted 15 dollarsExpected something really coolStarted it updid the tutorial expecting a really cool RUSTNothing Happend CoolLaggedDied from flying robotsRespawnedDied from a police botRespawnedDiedRespawnedCollected old loot from my dead bodydiedcollected loot from old bodythrew my computer across the roomnow i dont have a computer anymoreThanks game!
,Not Recommended,312210,15792725,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Death From Above,"The 5th dayI got 5 things to say about...1)I want my money back...2)WHERE THE HELL ARE ALL THE WEAPONS OR ANYTHING AT ALL TO HELP YOU SURVIVE OTHER THAN HIDING.3) 1 SHOT KO'S ARE FOR CALL OF DUTY ONLY!!!! NOT SURVIVAL GAMES THE POINT IS TO SURVIVE NOT BREAK YOUR KEYBOARD IN ANGER OVER WASTED MONEY.4)STOP WASTING TIME MAKING THE BOTS BETTER KILLERS AND FOCUS ON PLAYER SURVIVABLILTY ITEMS AND LESS BOT DAMAGE5) ITEMS SPAWN RATE IS LAUGHABLE AT BEST SINCE YOU SPEND 3 DAYS JUST TO CHARGE YOUR BATTERIES JUST TO WALK.OH YEAH..6) MAKE THE RECHARGE RATE BAREABLE NOT DRAIN WHILE WALKING THAT'S F#$%ING REDICULUS..Next patch better include:1)Higher recharge and no drain while walking.2)jump height standard at at minimum 0.6 meters without charge.3) More Damage absorbion. ""Take more than 1 HIT""4)respawn on death and items dropped, day restart for reduced pointless agrivation instead of game over.5)bots hackable not just harvester.6) game pause when in inventory..I think Im not alone in these thoughts. I might wait to uninstall this game for the next 2 patches for possiblility to accualy have a survival game not a hide and get slaughter"
,Recommended,312210,11411693,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Armando Emilio Guebuza,A new style for survival games...
76561198130016442,Recommended,312210,29379616,Posted: 20 January,all,aclabell,"I have had this game ever since it came out it was really fun for about 2 years but then the devrloper abandond it it has a wonderful pertential but not worth getting it, but thumbs up anyway! (:"
,Recommended,312210,29351471,Posted: 18 January,all,D E L T E I S,"!!! Developer is Alive after a year of inactivity, and he seems ot be working on the game again !!!So this is a NEW reveiw of a game in early access called The Fifth Day.Not much is known about the story, but the gameplay and concepts are really interesting and brign alot to the table. At the moment all you can do is basic run around, find loot, craft and build, better youre character, explore, and pvp, pve. Seems like alot. Thats' cause the basic features were created early on.That's what we were left with for about a year.However, now that the developer is alive and kicking. It seems were now getting more bug fixes, graphical updates, map updates ETC.Really looking forward to the content that can really make this game shine. It really does have the potential to become a great game.I just hope the developer can prove himself to be trustowrthy again tog et this game soem more players."
76561198057594340,Not Recommended,312210,13655683,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,⚡Ryooki⚡,i want money back.This game sucks!!!!
,Not Recommended,312210,17357898,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Flash,its bad
,Recommended,312210,18881969,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,XylCro,"I haven't played it for too long but it really is a nice game, there isn't much lag or anything like that, really nice game. Just a great game so far"
76561198090915336,Recommended,312210,21113674,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,henry,nice game
76561198156399340,Recommended,312210,30967932,Posted: 5 April,all,MildFury,This gam has a lot of promise it takes a while to get used to but whenits out of alpha i think it will  be decent.;)
76561198174271785,Not Recommended,312210,32004425,Posted: 27 May,all,skinmaster,JUST NO
76561198078143705,Recommended,312210,22599427,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,junit1783,Would be fun with more players otherwise devs need to keep working
,Not Recommended,312210,12192558,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,⋖ℭ𝔥𝔞𝔬𝔰𝔰⋗,"I've played many survival games and I am myself a developer but I really didn't enjoy this experience, I can see with a lot of work it could be made to have some potential but the gameplay and the controls felt slow and unresponsive, It seemed I was walking slower and slower until I was ""running"" at less than 0.005mph effectively meaning I couldn't move, your sprint doesn't recharge and you are left standing until someone kills you. There are no clear messages on what to do or what happened and although this is a gameplay element I usually really enjoy (Thinking DayZ) I felt that this experience failed to provide that feeling of discovery.The color grading and art however is definately heading in the right direction which is a rarity these days however the cities felt far to small with buildings being inaccessible. The natural areas and a large futuristic looking tower looked really good in the landscape.Imho I think that this title should have had a lot more work done before it was released on early access, now it's out though I believe resources should be spent on gameplay atmoshpere and improving the backstory/what kills you/what doesn't etc"
76561198100926669,Not Recommended,312210,12928944,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SiKAETA,"Do not let ""mostly positive"" reviews trick you. This game is absolutely terrible. This game is worth about 2 $"
,Not Recommended,312210,13001467,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ReconEighth,Got nothing but only scanner. Walk around until get a hatchet and a book. Got killed by 2 detonators and a hunter. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!
76561198048288145,Not Recommended,312210,12944243,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,YouStink,games not very good muiltplayer servers are dead  wish i saved my money
76561198057254231,Recommended,312210,12911868,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Fluttershy in Sockies,Needs more tutorial information on hacking and building. I have not yet figured out how to get materials to craft into things so I've had to play the game without building anything.
,Recommended,312210,12804418,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Zilver,this game wow way better than the poorly made rust.10/10 scale i giv it a 10+++
,Recommended,312210,14062410,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Halt and Catch Fire,"I think this is a great game with lots of potential, but as of right now is a nothingness simulator. Over the amount of time I played this, I became an expert at finding nothing, I ended up finding a nothing inside a nothing covered in nothing with a nothing on top. Great concept, wait til later development to buy."
,Not Recommended,312210,13021329,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Baby Bro,"As soon as I clicked Multiplayer, and only saw a total of 3 people playing this game online... I knew I had wasted money yet again on Steam Early Access scam of a game. They use a ""♥♥♥♥♥♥ tv"" effect to try and hide the fact that their texturing, and model quality is so low. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198167754367,Recommended,312210,22945800,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Slash,dont buy it
76561198124482659,Recommended,312210,11459116,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,(~^-^)~ Get Booled,ok so he updated it and thank you before i cod barey move and can you twel the power suteall and all it is agood game just work out the kinks and i will conviens all of my frands and famley to buy itp.s lol i am drunk right now
,Recommended,312210,11472275,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Sgt.Knox,this might get good we will see
76561198047867004,Recommended,312210,21557080,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,HOTLINE!,"BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED-SAID NOBODY EVER. My dog could make a better game then this and he is dead, still better then MINECRAFT."
,Not Recommended,312210,19502012,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,tigereos,"This game is a waste of my money and ever since I bought it, I have wanted to refund it! This game is a heep of♥♥♥♥♥♥and I WANT my money back!"
76561198140306513,Not Recommended,312210,12854011,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,jpaulusher28,"has a lot of bugs, lots of frame rate issues. and no, none of these issues are due to my pc which is capable of playing games 60fps on high. i lowered the settings and adjusted a view things to see if it would make a difference, but the problems still carried on. hopefully these problems will be taken care of and i can return to this game in the near future with a better review, considering i couldnt play much of the game because i couldnt stand the issues."
,Not Recommended,312210,11426942,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,niccoli00,"This game needs a lot of work.  I'd watch for developer updates to see how much he actually works on the game.  No updates, don't buy it.It's got some good ideas, but right now I find it unplayable due to lack of resources but an unending supply of NPCs that spawn near you and head straight at you every time.It's possible I'm missing something, as the video above hints that you can crouch/sneak, but that hasn't worked for me yet.Anyway, watch to see how much fixing happens and then maybe pick it up."
,Recommended,312210,34206296,Posted: 12 August,all,Thanatos Hardridge,Please buy this game
,Recommended,312210,17076078,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Dextren,this game is very bad r9 8/8 m8 rekt :P xD
,Recommended,312210,12530257,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,GigglesMcMuffin,Sure. It's Okay.
,Not Recommended,312210,12801790,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Killstreet,"This game looked cool at the beginning for me, I thought it was an awesome game but sadly it didn't run well on my computer. I think the game is badly optimized. If they can fix the insane lag I have when playing, I will give it another try and change my review. If not, I wouldnt buy it."
,Recommended,312210,12465991,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Arttu motskari,OH MY GOD YES: GOT GAMEGASM WHEN PLAYED
,Not Recommended,312210,12357061,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Bad Omen,"I bought the game thinking it would be similar to DayZ or Rust with multiplayer and interaction. But all in all it has ALOT of potential but right now i wont recommend it, because it is EXTREMELY hard to play do to the robots that want to kill you, and the radiation that blurs your vision. Its fun to play with your friends or try to kill other random people. Other than the challenge of surviving for 3 mins the game has no value."
,Not Recommended,312210,12893842,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Artem x Conor <3333,Don't buy literally 0 SERVERS
76561198112599864,Not Recommended,312210,12754131,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Docholiday1975,Not working at all. Please fix this bug. The tutorial runs fine but servers wont load and the freeplay option is messed up. Please fix.
,Not Recommended,312210,11408043,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Moist Towelettes,"Welp lets start off by saying I never write reviews for games but having played every single survival game out there and having just about 600 hours on rust I can think I know enough about survival games that I can make a informative review. I was so hyped up for this just from watching the one trailer bought it as soon as I got home. I did the tutorial and jumped right into multiplayer cause thats where I have most of my fun. Played about an hour of the game 4-5 matches and I can say the only thing I found from walking to 4 different areas was 1 axe, a Glow stick type thing and a book to build a base. But only stopping to pick those things up. I spent the good 50 minutes of the hour I played walking. Not seeing a single other player. First second and third game I got 1 shot by an AI robot trying to go into maybe 3 of the 50 buildings i saw that you can actually go inside. Now on my last game I was being chased by a person or what I think was a person it was only me and him left and he followed me forever. Well i decided to sit and wait for him to come sure enough though I walk around the side of the building and one shot again. Now I wasn't sure if it was a real player or AI but one shot should no kill someone. Also you should be able to walk into all the buildings too loot stuff. Not just look at them like scenery. But the thing that annoys me most about this game is. I want to survive I want to fend for my life I want to find cool stuff on the ground and build a house to post up in. But that will never happen its Walking Simulator 2014 with the occasional angry one shotting AI.In all essence the single player works very well but the multiplayer at its core is a great concept. Hell it's the hunger games with robots. But the way he has set up the multiplayer aspect of the game is poor. Poor doesn't even describe what multiplayer is. It's a nonfunctional walking wasteland. You will literally pay 15$ to walk. I mean walk for miles coming across every single building, busted up playground or crevice just to brough down by sadness that there is nothing around for you to use. But wait it gets better along that 30 minutes of walking you will encounter and AI that will follow you until you die. And guess what you have no way to defend youself because yes he does have a gun and of course you have no way  to defend yourself.So as the game sits right now it is one word and one word only Trash. There are other survival games that got there♥♥♥♥♥♥together. I mean look at rust hundreds of bugs at it stat but you know what I was able to find guns and kill people. I could fend myself from all the animals and even when there were hackers I could kill them. But thje fifth day I feel like a walking useless punching bag"
,Not Recommended,312210,12494174,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Funkipoo,"READ THIS BEFORE PURCHASING THIS GAME.The concept of this survival game seemed incredible to me. After playing through what seemed to be a ton of stuff you can do in the game, I noticed there is a lack of optimization which causes huge frame issues, especially when looking at the swarm. There are also only 3 different kinds of enemies..... In the short time I played the game, I've done everything you can besides build a more sturdy building. The video that shows you what the game is like contains everything the game has to offer. Based on the long time period it has been since an update, I feel like the creator doesn't actually intend to work on the game anytime soon. It seems to me like this person just needed next month's rent so he doesn't get evicted. Do NOT buy this game. Worst purchase I've ever had on Steam."
,Recommended,312210,11444896,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,LazyBanana,You can hack10/10
,Not Recommended,312210,12834375,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,"""Tini"" Wolfie",it has alot of promise but the random crashes after like 5 seconds after entering single player. (i dont do multiplayer) just random freezes and enemys are way to over powered. worst purchass ever (get it♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,312210,11539127,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,PineappleKat,kinda sucks balls right now but we will see
,Not Recommended,312210,11496205,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Paydoh,"The worst thing i have ever played in my entire life, its like they took cryengine and made a map with all the cryengine premade structures and trees this is clearly a game just dumped out to make money off early access, this is nothing more than cryengine with a map made and called a game. dont be fooled."
76561198040345783,Not Recommended,312210,12573624,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,5ubz3r0,Game does not even open for me with new update
,Not Recommended,312210,12697271,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,tAincho,Pure trash
,Not Recommended,312210,12252624,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ALGORITHM CONSULTANT,Game sucks.
76561198076165845,Not Recommended,312210,12616755,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Budweiserk,Dont buy this game. Its not what it seems. I promie
76561197962462692,Not Recommended,312210,11421411,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[NDS] Punisher,"Just Wasted Money, there is NOTHING to do in this Game.Walking arround and get killed...."
76561198119288965,Not Recommended,312210,17704923,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Clad Plays,The game is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ the last time I played it was with a friend and it got extremely boring in a matter of minutes.
76561198234714096,Recommended,312210,17550498,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Happy Will,its a verry fun game but it has alot of improvment such as the fact that robots can walk through walls and how dificult it is to obtain good loot but it is alot of fun to play
,Not Recommended,312210,17790216,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Jiggles,What is this ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198178328637,Not Recommended,312210,17898295,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mr.X,"Meh.... really need to finish the making of the game. It was cool for a coulple days then it was just an ongoing run run run and dont die, really no story to it."
76561198066238395,Recommended,312210,17947363,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Viael,"I like the vibe of it more than zombie apocalypse scenarios, if they could fix the item drop, i would be soo happy :)"
,Recommended,312210,17718824,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,no step,"Ran around the forest and then saw some robotic alien vs predator lookin♥♥♥♥♥♥running at me like a drug addict trying to nae-nae. Noped my way out of there then fell in a hole with an even bigger flying robot inside that appears to be asleep.10/10 Would reccomendBut in all seriousness it's an okay game with a LOT of potential. It's in alpha and there are mechanics in this game that really have not been done before so give it some time. The atmosphere is also great, just FYI.Bugs wise, it's not as bad as it could be. Sometimes a tree will be clipping out of the ground here and there. Also when you jump, your landing is the same harshness/dip down throughout all different jump heights. Even if you jump in the air a couple of inches, you do a yoga squat to the ground when you land. Also the AI are kinda OP on singleplayer at least, so it's kinda grindy.Nothing important or obvious is broken and it's alot more fun with a friend."
,Not Recommended,312210,14294022,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Johnings[NOR],Will not recommend this to anyone! waste of money!
,Not Recommended,312210,12092444,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,SkyWarr,"The game is not finished and doesn't seem to be anywhere near 25%. This game is very very intresting. Just this Fallout style feel to it makes me like it even more. The game seems to be really hardcore in a few ways. You can get shot once and you're dead or all the sudden out of nowhere there are 5 robots that show up and try to kill you.Items are extreamly hard to find, atleast the items you want to find. But kinda scary too because you know at any moment you can die due to your energy being too low or your just running out of time to plan your escape.My Pros and My Cons with this game.PROS!*1* You die so there is a challenge.*2* Hardcore*3* Epic hacking system*4* Build your own %^*(ing base!!!!*5* Potential, potential, potential!CONS!*1* Bugs, bugs, bugs everywhere, you might want to bring a shoe or 5 for all the bugs*2* Holy complicated game batman*3* Robots sometimes look kinda dumb (sorry but they need to look meaner(ish,ish,ish))*4* Updates are soooooo slow*4.5* Multiplayer is totally ruined but it's super awesome! Fix it!!*5ish* 15$!? I'm not rich!*5* Weapons are♥♥♥♥♥♥!Was this review fare? I think it was.(Jan 23, 2015)My full rating after owning since about the realease date.6.5/10"
76561198152518001,Not Recommended,312210,12022293,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Squigga,Dev hasn't updated in months and currently there is nothing to do. Ps1 has better games then this.
,Recommended,312210,13276207,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Smackus Fisticus,"As a beginner to the game you may not understand the full mechanics and wonders of it, but as you get more experienced the game becomes better. Overall I think this is a great game and would definitely recommend it to anyone. Obviously it isn't perfect but it deserves a play since it's early access"
,Not Recommended,312210,13464374,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SHADOWxWOLF,"so once i first saw this game i was really impressed and wanted to play it, downloaded it and played it for a bit. there is quit a few bugs here and there they can get annoying at some times but the main issue is that the developer rarly post anything at all. last update was 2 months ago and the update before that was another 2 months, and the difference between the updates was very small if nothing at all. now doing get me wrong i know how hard it is for games to be developed, im currently developing one of my own. but to ask money for a early access game and leave everyone in the dark and rearly give any updates is not ok for people who paid for this game. if i was to tell you if you should or shoulnt buy the game i would wait till the developer starts adding some more content and actualy shows some progress."
76561198167212534,Recommended,312210,13853977,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Vinny Corleone,"This game is fun but could definiately use some work. Such as the hacking tool, make it simpler. And make guns more common, I continueously find ammo but no gun. On ONE occassion have I found a grenade launcher and that's it.  But it's still pretty frun for friends or just an lol video or two."
76561198033292421,Recommended,312210,15935255,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Everan,"I like the game, I think the points system for multiplayer only is a bad idea. But I like it in a hole. just wish more people were playing. oh on another note devs please work on sounds for the enemies... they are robots they to should make noise when walking."
76561198093180958,Not Recommended,312210,15878741,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Fearce,"I played it for a little over an hour and couldn't really get started and had no idea what to do. I may try it again in the future, but right now it's a little too hard to get going.. maybe a starter tutorial would be nice. I'll probably decide to google it and figure it out one day and I'll probably change my review after, until then, meh."
76561198040593614,Not Recommended,312210,13844992,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,GhostShepherd ︻芫═-,Im about ready to get a refund. not from steam but from devs. been waiting soo long for just one update with nothing. if you wanted to release the whole game then dont put it on early access. if you just wanted to rip people off then refund are in order.
,Not Recommended,312210,14040537,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,MonkeyDown11,"I really wanted to like this, I really did. The mechanics seem cool. Gameplay seems cool. But I found myself just bored after about 30 mins of playing. Updates are not coming out and I feel like the game was ditched. It had potential but didn't cut it. If I could have a refund I would take it so fast."
76561198065621708,Not Recommended,312210,13975830,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,diRty!Muddman,hmm what a fun game i had about a good half hour of fun now what i dont get to get what i paid for why not oh ya the Dev ran away from the game cool move i would like the money you stoled from me back thanks :Dthree months since the last update  and it gets very boring fast  dont keep giving this guy the money he does not deserve he ran from the game
,Not Recommended,312210,14234240,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Bub Shlubkis,"played for one hour and was pretty bored, the weapons are extremely hard to find the controls are confusing, maybe if they increased drops and made a better tutorial or at least gave you a starting weapon it would be good"
76561198049373592,Recommended,312210,13037253,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,xxBFKxxWM,its a great game cant wait to see it grow.
76561198119321594,Not Recommended,312210,14525049,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Victor Crowley,no updates and probably wont update ever again not worth fifteen dollars for this unless the updates start up again... hopefully i didnt just waste fifteen bucks on a (the stomping land) developer
,Not Recommended,312210,14488496,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Thad Jarvis,I regret buying this.
76561198054380465,Not Recommended,312210,14490347,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Summerlust69,DO NOT BUY. THIS GAME IS NOT UPDATED OR IMPROVED ANYMORE!!!!
76561198076598869,Not Recommended,312210,14523122,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,beez2004,this game had potential but seems the lack of news and updates have lost me. i will think more about buying games on early access in the future from steam
,Not Recommended,312210,14578948,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,South Paw,updates way to far apart for this game to be worth anything. Not worth the money to wait for a game that may never come. Spend your money elsewhere
76561198145039862,Not Recommended,312210,14563256,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,dino_astronaut,personally I wouldn't recommend it because it simply wont load can anybody help me with this
76561198140834867,Not Recommended,312210,14566856,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,akumetsu48,Well all I can say that community dosin't lie
,Not Recommended,312210,16034613,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Sentry Jman,If you are a MAC user you can't load it correctly. My 51 minuets logged is of me trying to open the dame game. I played the training part and it was fun I liked it but I can't even open freeplay or multiplayer without it crashing on me behind a loading screen. but when it wants to run it shows me rainbow trees and ground. Nice. I don't think their are also squares on trees ether. If I were you give it a few updates then buying this game. It looks fun I want to love it and like it. but for now I will have to not recomend this. In a few updates I will tell you if this has been resolved.
76561198070074920,Recommended,312210,11501067,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Cuntring,"Best Game ever still needs alot of work.Now Ingame FeaturesHacking, killing, Survive10/10"
76561198050404322,Recommended,312210,11644651,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,HIS NAME IS JONH CENA,Really fun. It needs more graphics settings for ppl with crap computers
,Recommended,312210,11513817,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,(LT1)Baphy416,"this game definatly shows potential. i love the idea of the whole thing. but i did find that in there current stage (very very early) that the enmeys seem to clip thru things, most of the things in the world dont actually exist and are just visable things tat you can clip right through. great ideas so far thoug. im going to wait abit until i play again. maybe after a few more updates it will be one of my favorites."
76561198116601815,Recommended,312210,11589881,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,re,It is a good game but it is still early access game but it runs very smoothly and is great fun
,Recommended,312210,11717568,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Syphilis,"The Fifth Day is a great game already, there are very few bugs that i have noticed, the first one being the fact that there is no fall damage that i took when falling of a four story building. the second one is that enemies explode when falling a short amount. I know that this game has only had two updates, but even then its really fun. If you are going to buy this game, either play it to report bugs, or wait until it has had a few more fixes and updates. Otherwise, this game is a great buy for steam! I love it already!"
,Recommended,312210,11786570,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Childish Bambino,"I just bought this game last night, played it for a bit, and quit. Why? Because so few people have this game that you cant find anybody to play with. Other than that, however, this game is quite good, and has promise to be a great final product. All that's needed are the usual changes and additions needed by most early access games,but more importantly, more people to play it."
76561198065404040,Recommended,312210,11427903,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,liltanker4321,Beyond bumbling around blind and a broken tutorial that will not allow you past the jumping stage its fun figuring it out.
76561198136858743,Recommended,312210,11422019,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Wolftron Fuzzybutt,"wonderful game that was just released, i hope that the devs keep up the good work. Becouse of it being so new, i has alot of bugs, but look over that and see its pretensal, then a game that is diffrent from all the rest will be born. if you get the game, just look over the glitches, if you cant, wait for some updates to happen, then try it. its a very good game that has you exploring a world of a baren landscape scuttered with cities from time to time."
76561198059990081,Recommended,312210,12471742,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,henryst,"This is a very cool concept, can't wait to see how it pans out!A little bit clunky with menus and controls and a bit buggy but worth a look."
,Recommended,312210,12520217,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,MilesNocte,"Ive played 2 hours thus far and im in love. Its not for the faint hearted it is a hard game. Theres isnt much in it yet but the features that are in right now are still really good, you can consstruct your own house and the mechanics of doing so are really neat, construction is simular to RUST. Hacking is really cool, gathering resourcces is done by hacking a drone and telling it to go get them for you, and you caneven hack the Hunter, and enimy. and tell it to hunt other enemies for you!I would recommend jumping on the train before it gets rolling. This game is going places."
,Recommended,312210,12657276,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Sergeant Moderately Displeased,I was sitting in the spawn for almost twenty minutes eating breakfast and a box crushed me.Never before have I taken two steps and been destroyed by a crate.10/10 Would play again
76561198020852201,Recommended,312210,12633073,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,FuglyVirgin,So far it's pretty good. It needs to be polished but hopefully that will happen in the near future.
76561197993671143,Recommended,312210,12649795,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,kersonan,a novel take on survival games.     the hacking is quite unique and I can see great potential in that aspect of it.    despite it being very early on in development I think its worth paying in some cash to help to grow the game.Looking forward to seeing where this one goes.    recommended for people who like survival type gaming with a scifi twist instead of the zombies.good start Dev's keep it up
76561198063630256,Recommended,312210,12497640,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Starlight,this game is so good but it needs more people on it
76561198097738855,Recommended,312210,12561155,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,danimdw,"Played around for a few minutes. Game shows promises, but at this stage still too buggy to be enjoyable.Game freeze at loading every 4 out of 5."
,Recommended,312210,12492776,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sencored,"This game is good. If you are patient... and smart... oh, and you have to know about robot technology to know how to play.  Not to mention the fact that every thing in the frickin' game tries to kill you and everyone you hold dear. 11/10 Would kill innocent trees&rocks for a house again."
76561198031531829,Recommended,312210,11830815,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,[P.R]Lycan2502,this is a great game only played once and enjoying it alot. Great game to get
,Recommended,312210,11971990,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,droidman5910,"its not what i was expecting but there is definitely potential for a great game here, keep up the good work"
76561198118218085,Not Recommended,312210,18987446,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,edhusa,I have 21 hours into this game.  I love the general concept of the game. But having no map in game and having to draw one on paper is a pain. I use my harvester once and it disappeared no place to be found can it be destoryed? As of now I am not playing it any longer unless some very needed changes happen.
76561198012388747,Recommended,312210,12999853,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,SETMAKA,Heaps of fun I really enjoy it but the multiplayer needs to be alot less buggy I haven't been able to make it through one game without is crashing. When this is fixed It will add even more hours of replay value for me and my friends. Other than the multiplayer it is fun making your way to the town ruins and finding what you will need to survive. I have built myself a nice little house and have a shotgun waiting for any foe that dares come into sight of my lair. I will say the hacking in the tutorial could be a bit more clear but I found out after about 15 mins of messing around with the feeature.
,Recommended,312210,14859919,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ImaVyacheslav69,"I'm going to mark this as yes, but I still would say no if the Dev vanished again for such a long period. October. And just recently, March. That's a dead period. It's empty. At least show screenshots of the work you're doing in that time. Don't go ""Hey, V 0.0.4!"" Go away and come back going, ""Hey, V 0.0.6!"" The hell happened to 5? It's not important where the numbers went, but what is important is that you went silent. I'm being repetative here, because we have to be. I like the game, I like the idea. It's fun for a bit, and more so with other people, so long as they don't 'DayZ' you. Watch something on youtube first, and then decide if you want to buy."
,Not Recommended,312210,14209850,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Cane Nine,I feel like I've been scammed...
,Recommended,312210,13699521,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Clamor_,"Shot a robot, died.10/10 geiger counters."
,Recommended,312210,13717633,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Thundergrenade,"this game is very work-in-proggress and does not have much content, but the developers are working on it and it has tons of potential."
,Recommended,312210,13454055,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Jason Lee James,"Amazing so far, especially for a one man alpha indie developer"
76561197968606520,Recommended,312210,13449573,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rayner,i am only playing freemode need way more content i dont play game on net only singleplayer so dont for get about that. game is going on well keep it up
76561197965273314,Not Recommended,312210,13577141,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,goracck,"Scam.Yet another developer, incapable of finishing a project, abusing 'Early Access' to sell an incomplete game that they have no intention of finishing.I bought this game shortly after it hit 'Early Access'. It hasn't had any significant upates and zero new content has been added."
,Recommended,312210,13698384,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Andrew the Conquer,"i think fith day is an awsome game i advise buying it now because the price may go up, the idea of being a robot in a post apoctoliptic world is probobly more creative than minecraft. i think i even like this betterthan minecraft"
76561197972434760,Not Recommended,312210,14908757,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,ziinocalypse,"I liked the game until the recent update. I feel like everything is much too slow, especially the inventory system and loot gathering. It feels much less like the game it was before the update."
76561198042050997,Not Recommended,312210,14143375,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,The Scourge,"Alright sooo here we go, the game is in alpha still soooo yeah kinda have to expect that its ganna suck in some way,so the graphics and gameplay such as the items and all i think are realy cool and good2go, however, the fact when you walk and you lose power like realy fast just strait sucks, even with my so called skills it still sucks like alot, i find myslef waiting in spots hoping bots dont spawn near me just so i can freakn walk from one place to the other, another thing is i can never find and i do mean ever, find a damn power core, so im constantly stuck with the one i have, which does me no good, found lots of solar pannels, to which i do not know how to use them other than pick them up and take the power relay out, but they add 500kg to your weight which goes into the walking thing i said above, the game has great potential, i got pretty far, but realized i had left my books and other items i needed at another gathering ship point, soo i guess i knida screwed myself, nothing worse than having mats to build and yet you dont have a book to do it uhhhhhggg. the robots with shotguns, i find them to be unfair, they can shoot you with a shotgun at a damn good distance while if you tried it you wouldnt even scratch them, i honestly dont know how to rate this game, its realy good and realy fricken stupid at the same time, its like i would love to play it if i could find a fricken power core or something, i usually find myself with everything i need but power cores, it litterally makes me grind my teeth, other than all that idk what to say about the game still, the fact that i cant walk somewhere without losing all my energy is soooo stupid. i get that they are going for the realism on it but i mean wtf come on guys, are we making a game for people to enjoy? or do you laugh at people wanting to break their electronics and say F*** gaming? kuz honestly this game has made me think that gaming is going downhill, also many other games which have come out lately, very very disapointing all around, its not just Fifth day, but all the games. all i can say to the people who are creating this and other games, ""if i wanted a game where i have 1 life, hunt items and gather and what not, id go to the woods IRL and start gathering and making stuff which i know how to do all too well, kuz these games arnt even enjoyable, they make me feel like im at that one job where you just want to slap your boss and kick him in the nuts and say hows that for saying i quit. i wish game makers would think about the people more rather than what their expectations of the game should be because that greedy nonsense of o lets let them pay for a game that we want to design to our standards, straight stupid. no good game came that way, GTA3 was tested over and over and over again before release, and since then rockstar has done that method since then, and from what im told people love the games. i could go on and on....................................... but i wontif you want a game that pisses you off and is so challenging its stupid, go ahead buy it, i hope that they would make this game a little more playable and not make things so fricken hard to find but who knows, might be staring at another rust here, a cool game with no hope."
76561198086766548,Recommended,312210,14269693,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ZeroBeat,"is gud, but loot disappears at random when you die, it sucks when you got alot of goodies in your backpack."
,Not Recommended,312210,11409130,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ブファちゃん～,"This game is amazing and has tons of potential, but it's definately on early alpha. It's going to be one of the most challenging games that you played recently, and this fact gives the game an interesting factor. It sure has tons of bugs and some things that need changing, but in general this game is pretty fun.Edit: After 14 months of absolutely nothing new from the dev, I'll have to give this a dislike."
,Not Recommended,312210,16078276,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,rationalresistance,"I'm sorry to hear that Mac users are still having big problems. That really does need to be addressed ASAP.  I have been one of the most strident and vocal critics of this game since I first started playing it and doing a YouTube LP on it.  Touz, the dev is actually very responsive to constructive criticism.If you are looking for a finished, polished game for the price of an Early Access game then move on.  It will save you from whining and us from hearing it.  I could post a long list of things that need fixed in this game.  However, my list of the fun stuff would far outstrip it.  If you enjoy watching a game from inception to polished product then, by all means, buy this game. There is plenty to do.  It is not a particularly easy game which is a plus.  Have fun.  Grow with the game.  Dahlgren"
,Not Recommended,312210,19061601,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,[NWA] Cheddar,had lots of potential but then well the devs left but the game i bought it for 14.99 why ;-;
,Recommended,312210,22493742,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Touch Me,"At first my review was negative but it seems the dev (being understaffed as it is) is doing a great job making the game, at first there was a very long period of time for an update to come out hence why i thought the dev did a cashgrab, i urge people to stop hating on the dev for bringing out minimal updates cause when he does, they make the game 20 times better."
76561198087481843,Not Recommended,312210,13633712,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,deadjoe,communication nearly not existing and the updates comming in small releases but in to low frequeces. There Months between some little bugfixes....dont buy this game
,Not Recommended,312210,18713439,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,HaulonG,VERY BAD GAME DONT BUY IT!!!
,Recommended,312210,14275753,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Bluefatty,"EDIT: Since writing my review, which focused mainly on that the game is no longer being updated, the game was updated, and it was a massive update. Because of this, I am withholding my negative review and giving a positive one. Please disregard the following, as it is only there for if the game goes back to being, for the lack of a better word, comatose.It hurts me deeply to write this review, as this was what could have been my favorite survival game of all time, but the abandonment of it has left it without promise and without life. It had the opportunity to amazing, but it will sadly never reach its potential, and for that, I must recommend that you don't buy this game. It is bugged and broken without any hope of a fix.  Please note that I did enjoy this game in the time I had it and that it was under development."
76561198125029925,Not Recommended,312210,13817278,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,<\[Bar_Code]/>,"Game is back up again developer has finally posted and update half a year later. I stil can't reccomend this game, but it's good survival fun and it's PLAYABLE now, BUT DON'T TRUST THE DEVELOPER! he never keeps his word and ...7.2/10 - Good, mainly to pass the time."
76561198103368394,Not Recommended,312210,14892956,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Chicken Chaser,"While scrolling through my game library in boredom I noticed this game I haven't played in years.So here I am to place my negative review of yet another greenlit game that got developed poorly, this is far too common for early access titles anymore."
76561198087178022,Not Recommended,312210,14282682,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Oceanhawk,Game is dead. No updates in forever. Yet another cash grab by greedy devs that have no intent in putting out a finished product. Sad how good this game could have been. Avoid at all costs.March 2017 Update: The game is still dead. THe dev did toss in an update a couple months back but it actually didn't add anything to the game. It appears he did that just so he can claim the game is still being worked on. This game is nothing more than a scam and Steam should be ashamed of themselves for letting this travesty continue. If by chance you read any positive comments on this game i'd be willing to bet it was the developer pretending to be a player. JUst take my word on this and don't waste your money. even if the proce gets dropped below $10 it is still not worth it. Avaid this game to show Devs that they can't keep this crap up.
,Recommended,312210,12748322,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Kobe Leonard,"A great idea for a game and its looking really promising so far. Can't wait to see the finished product, sadly though updates have been slow. Theres a small dev team for the game so I dont see it being complete anytime soon or at all honestly.The game is about robots and right now there are three types, drones, suicidal bombers that wiggle like weird ♥♥♥♥ers, and a regular one with a gun. They all hunt you down but drones only go after you if you get too close. The point of the game seems to be to hack stuff and build a base. You have to scavenge for things like weapons, building manuals, hack tools, and some other neat stuff then survive. The tutorial covers everything so Im not going to.The only way to have fun is to play one of the few multiplayer modes or try and survive with a friend. When I first bought this game about a year ago or more, I found exploring the open world fun, but that didnt last long. I kept getting spooked by the hunters and♥♥♥♥♥♥and eventually I explored everything, so I guess you can explore at first but I recommend multiplayer."
76561198088047700,Not Recommended,312210,29600090,Posted: 30 January,all,Bob the Viking,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW*****Update at bottom******No matter how much potential people say this game has, no matter how many fan boys and girls defend it, and no matter how many people defend a dev who has a habit of disappearing for months at a time with no word whatsoever. The bottom line is this: the game has been in a ""pre alpha prototype"" state for 2 and a half years.Allow me to reiterate: it was released on steam in July of 2014 and is still ""pre alpha"" (as the in-game intro states).So if you invest that $15 now, you might get to beta test in about 5 years. And then 4 or 5 years after that you can play the full release. And thats assuming that the dev sticks with it for the next decade or so.TLDRtake that $15 and donate it to your favorite charity, because that will be waaaaay more satisfying than waiting for this game to get finished.UPDATE:The ""Pre-Alpha"" has officially ended!!!!!!!!!!! And amazingly enough, this game took less than 3 years to move from Pre-Alpha into the Alpha phase!!! Hopefully that means we will be Beta testing in only 2.5 or 3 years (instead of 5 as I previously guessed) So exciting!!!!!"
